CNN  -- It 's called the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment , and weeks before authorities say he got on a plane with a bomb , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab was in it . The vast government databank , known as TIDE , is administered by the FBI 's Terrorist Screening Center . It contains information about hundreds of thousands of people , the majority of them foreign nationals , who are suspected of having terrorist leanings . An FBI official said AbdulMutallab was included in TIDE after his father warned the U.S. Embassy in Nigeria of his son 's hard-line beliefs and possible ties to militant Islamists . To understand how he could have been under the government 's scrutiny and still make it onto a U.S.-bound plane with an explosive , you have to understand the way the government 's watch list system works . TIDE is just the start . The FBI uses the raw information contained in the TIDE databank to determine whether to put the subject onto the government 's terror watch list , known as the Terrorism Screening Data Base . That list contains the names and aliases of about 400,000 people , but AbdulMutallab did n't make the cut . According to Chad Kolton , a spokesman for the FBI 's Terror Screening Center , there was n't enough hard evidence to back up AbdulMutallab 's father 's fears , and so he was n't placed on the terror list . The bureau 's own Web site spells out the criteria for inclusion in the screening database , saying that "  only individuals who are known or reasonably suspected to be or have been engaged in conduct constituting , in preparation for , in aid of , or related to terrorism are included . " The determination not to put AbdulMutallab on the screening list had far-reaching consequences . In May , the U.S. Justice Department 's inspector general issued a report on the watch-list process , including a flow chart describing how anyone suspected of terrorist ties passes through a series of lists , the most serious of which includes the Transportation Security Administration 's no-fly list . Making it from the TIDE database to the FBI 's screening list is the key . Because AbdulMutallab did n't make the screening database , his name could not then be sent onto the watch lists maintained by the TSA : the "  selectee list , " which law enforcement sources say includes about 14,000 names , and the "  no-fly " list , which those sources say bans some 4,000 people from boarding any commercial flight destined for the United States .	Father 's warning prompted man 's inclusion in FBI database Not enough evidence to put him on watch list , official says Suspect then could not be added to TSA lists
Hong Kong  CNN  -- The World Health Organization and Cambodian health officials are investigating why at least 61 children in the country have died mysteriously after suffering severe neurological and respiratory complications . Dr. Beat Richner of the Kantha Bopha Children 's Hospitals , who first alerted Cambodia 's health authorities about the unknown disease , said that as of Friday he knew of 64 cases in which only two children have survived . The Cambodian Ministry of Health said that 56 of the deaths were preceded by a common syndrome of fever and respiratory and neurological problems . Seventy-four cases of the disease have been identified , the ministry said . Countries surrounding Cambodia were informed of a deadly disease that killed dozens of children this week through the International Health Regulations event information system , which provides public health communications . In Hong Kong , a major air hub in the region , health officials responded by alerting doctors to be watchful for patients returning from Cambodia who have respiratory symptoms . Travelers who have been to Cambodia were told to visit their doctors if they developed respiratory symptoms . The unknown illness appears in children , according to the WHO and the Cambodian Ministry of Health . A majority of the identified cases were in children under 3 , the health ministry said . "  The investigation is ongoing . We are looking at detailed information from the hospital records and analyzing each and every case . We hope to have a better picture in the coming days , " said Dr. Ly Sovann , a deputy director at the ministry . The children who fell ill first experienced a high fever followed by respiratory problems . Some of them also had neurological symptoms that included convulsions , according to the WHO . Richner said the patients suffered from encephalitis , which is the inflammation of the brain . "  They are hospitalized , " he said . "  They arrive in our hospital ; in the last moments ... they die because their lungs are destroyed . " When asked what he thought caused the deadly illness , he said : "  I think our idea is an enterovirus or an intoxication of a drug , " or a combination of both . Richner added that the number of cases affected by the unknown disease is low -- 34 cases in June , compared with the 75,000 sick children at Kantha Bopha 's outpatient clinics and 16,000 hospitalized kids . The majority of the cases came from the southern part of the country , but there have n't been signs of clustering , according to the WHO . The young patients were brought to hospitals in the capital , Phnom Penh , and the northern tourist hub of Siem Reap -- the two biggest cities of Cambodia . The Angkor Hospital for Children in Siem Reap reported one case of the mysterious illness as of Friday , according to an e-mail received by CNN from Dr. Bill Housworth , the hospital 's executive director . "  WHO supports the Ministry with the investigation and detailed analysis of each of these cases to find out the cause , " wrote Dr. Pieter Van Maaren , a representative of WHO in Cambodia in an e-mail Friday . Mystery illnesses : A mother 's painful quest for answers	NEW : Seventy-four cases have been identified , Cambodia 's Ministry of Health says Surrounding countries notified of disease ; doctors on alert in Hong Kong Children suffered swelling in their brains and died because lungs failed
Rolling Stone  -- After back-to-back stomach clutching renditions of "  Not Gon ' Cry " and "  I 'm Going Down " at the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans Sunday night , Mary J. Blige pulled off an Oprah-worthy seminar on affirmation with "  Just Fine " to close out the three-day fest , which celebrates black music and African-American culture . The synth-heavy number pierced to the core of the capacity Louisiana Superdome crowd . As Blige danced around in a shimmering black mini-dress , the audience took over the number and launched into a sing-along that reached up to the fifth level of the arena . Earlier , Blige told Rolling Stone , "  I do n't think fans come here to hear you talk about your new album . They come to hold their stomachs when you sing that song that you love so much . That 's what -LSB- the festival -RSB- is about . To get that nostalgia . You got ta give the people what they want . " She certainly obliged . Photos : 2011 Essence Music Festival : Kanye West , Usher , Mary J. Blige , George Clinton and More If Blige 's set was packaged as faith and forgiveness , then Saturday night 's headliner , Kanye West , was essentially id decked out in a sporty white blazer . The Chicago MC arrived through the air via a cable-enabled lift before he got off and had a Rudyard Kipling-inspired moment and walked through the crowd to reach the stage for "  Power . " Riffing off recent performances , West 's show was a mix of his Coachella set  in three acts  and his VMA performance  red suit  but with a nod to the Essence crowd , as he finished with a stirring musical testimony to his mother , "  Hey Mama . " Photos : The Hottest Live Performances from Coachella 2011 "  It feels so good to be back home , " ` Ye told the audience -- not unlike Blige , preaching the power of healing . "  When I say home , I mean my people . I travel the world . I been around the world . I got into a little trouble . A little controversy here and there . But before I go any further in the show , I wan na thank you for coming out and still supporting me . " Friday night headliner Usher and Charlie Wilson  Friday 's penultimate performer  had an unofficial generational game of one-upmanship . Wilson commandeered the stage for what felt like an eternity , though in actuality it was much closer to two hours , still , surely more than his allotment . The former Gap Band singer ran through a series of his old cohort 's hits , from "  Outstanding " to "  You Dropped a Bomb on Me . " Uncle Charlie , as he 's been dubbed by Snoop Dogg , cut into Usher 's constituency when he launched into "  There Goes My Baby . " The song not only shares the title with one of Usher 's tracks , but the swooping song is best known  at least to the younger set  as Wilson 's dedication to Snoop and his wife when the couple renewed their vows . Wilson smiled , preened and pranced as the audience swayed from side to side . A rejuvenated Usher , however , proved it 's still a younger man 's game . He also arrived from the sky like West , but once he landed  equipped with a helmet  , the pre-July 4th fireworks started . "  U Do n't Have to Call " and "  You Make Me Wan na " thundered throughout the dome . Shrieks echoed as leather-clad Ush slithered between dancers during "  Lil Freak " and "  Trading Places . " But , much like Blige noted , the crowd wanted nostalgia and Usher offered it in heaps with a three-song Michael Jackson medley . It was a true "  OMG " moment . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	The three-day festival celebrates black music and African-American culture Kanye West , decked out in a sporty white blazer , arrived via a cable-enabled lift Usher offered nostalgia with a three-song Michael Jackson medley
CNN  -- A ball has n't been kicked yet , but have we seen the World Cup 's first own goal ? Football fans around the world have been having their say on social media after FIFA announced the results of a slogan competition run by Korean car company Hyundai , one of the tournament 's sponsors . The "  winning slogans , " which will be emblazoned on team buses for the month-long event , are anything but in some fans ' eyes . News that the Australian team bus will wear the words "  Socceroos : Hopping Our Way Into History ! " was met with derision . "  Whose mum came up with that ultra cheesy slogan ? " read one tweet . Australian Football Federation CEO David Gallop took an equally dim view of it as the country 's 30-man preliminary squad for Brazil was announced . "  Do n't worry too much about the other slogans that you might have read about . Just say , ` Go you Socceroos , ' " Gallop said , The Australian reported . Other national teams ' nicknames have been put to better use , with Ghana 's slogan perhaps being the highlight . The quarterfinalists in South Africa four years ago will travel in a bus bearing the phrase , "  Black Stars : Here to illuminate Brazil , " while Ivory Coast 's slogan , "  Elephants charging towards Brazil ! " also has some fun with the team 's alias . Other teams , however , will have to make do with more enigmatic messages . One of the tournament favorites , Argentina , wo n't win any prizes for "  Not just a team , we are a country , " and nor will 2006 champions Italy with "  Let 's paint the World Cup dream blue . " The U.S. stick with the motoring theme with "  United By Team , Driven By Passion , " while Dutch fans will hope the slogan "  Real Men Wear Orange " can help steer the Netherlands all the way this time around after losing to Spain -- "  Inside our hearts , the passion of a champion " -- in the 2010 final . "  In principle , at least , it was a good idea to run this competition ... but quite how significant and far-reaching having a slogan on the side of a bus is a moot point , " Simon Chadwick , professor of Sport Business Strategy and Marketing at the UK 's Coventry University , told CNN . "  Right now in sponsorship , and football generally , there is a big emphasis on fan engagement -- trying to get the fans as close as you possibly can to having an association with the sponsorship deal you are involved in , " he told CNN . "  Effectively what you 've got here is a collective view of what your country brand stands for . By using these slogans you are positioning your country as a brand in a particular way . "  So , if you look at Greece for example -- ` Heroes play like Greeks ' -- you 're then into Trojans ,  being  resolute , and that works very , very well , and Japan -- "  Samurai , the time has come to fight ! "  These are , in many ways , all very good positioning statements or very good brand slogans . " But Chadwick has some sympathy for Gallop and the Australian team . "  How is it that a commercial partner of FIFA rather than the football association itself decided what would be on the side of the bus ? " he says . "  I think there is a broader issue about corporate influence on the World Cup and on football in this . "  It 's an issue about joined-up thinking . I can understand why FIFA has done this , but I do n't think you can do it without involving the national association as well . " Here 's the list in full . Let us know what you think . Algeria Desert Warriors In Brazil Argentina Not Just A Team , We Are A Country Australia Socceroos : Hopping Our Way Into History ! Belgium Expect The Impossible ! Bosnia and Herzegovina Dragons In Heart , Dragons On The Field ! Brazil Brace Yourselves ! The Sixth Is Coming ! Cameroon A Lion Remains A Lion Chile Chi Chi Chi ! , Le Le Le ! Go Chile ! Colombia Here Travels A Nation , Not Just A Team ! Costa Rica My Passion Is Football , My Strength Is My People , My Pride Is Costa Rica Ivory Coast Elephants Charging Towards Brazil ! Croatia With Fire In Our Hearts , For Croatia All As One ! Ecuador One Commitment , One Passion , Only One Heart , This Is For You Ecuador ! England The Dream Of One Team , The Heartbeat Of Millions !! France Impossible Is Not A French Word Germany One Nation , One Team , One Dream ! Ghana Black Stars : Here To Illuminate Brazil Greece Heroes Play Like Greeks Honduras We Are One Country , One Nation , Five Stars On The Heart Iran Honour Of Persia Italy Let 's Paint The FIFA World Cup Dream Blue Japan Samurai , The Time Has Come To Fight ! South Korea Enjoy It , Reds ! Mexico Always United , Always Aztecas Holland Real Men Wear Orange Nigeria Only Together We Can Win Portugal The Past Is History , The Future Is Victory Russia No One Can Catch Us Spain Inside Our Hearts , The Passion Of A Champion Switzerland Final Stop : 07-13-14 Maracana ! Uruguay Three Million Dreams ... Let 's Go Uruguay U.S. United By Team , Driven By Passion	FIFA reveals slogans that will appear on team buses at World Cup in Brazil Australian fans nonplussed by trite "  Socceroos : Hopping Our Way Into History " slogan UK marketing expert says competition is "  a good idea " but not very "  far-reaching "
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  Less than two days into a ceasefire in eastern Ukraine , deadly violence erupted once again between the military and pro-Russian separatists , casting further doubt about whether the peace plan will hold . Five Ukrainian security forces were killed and 25 were wounded in fighting with the separatists , Ukrainian defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said . He said at least 129 violations of the ceasefire have already taken place -- ranging from small arms fire to mortar attacks . But pro-Russian separatists have also blamed Ukraine for violations . Dmytro Chalov , a spokesman for a sector of the Ukrainian army , said mortar fire pummeled the Mariupol area of eastern Ukraine . The ceasefire went into effect more than 24 hours earlier , at midnight Saturday night . Monday was slated to be a key day in the truce -- when both sides are supposed to withdraw heavy weapons . But neither has done so . The Ukrainian army still has plans to pull heavy weapons out of the area , but it wo n't happen until the situation is quiet , Chalov said . "  We emphasize that our military will only fire in response , " Lysenko told reporters Monday . The ceasefire aims to end 10 months of fighting in eastern Ukraine . But less than 90 minutes after it started , Ukrainian officials reported mortar shelling at a military post near Zolote in the Luhansk region . Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine . Despite the reports of violence Monday , the truce did appear to hold up in many parts of eastern Ukraine . And that means some residents who have been holed up for weeks were able to venture out to buy food and medicine . But the future remains uncertain . "  How long can this bloodshed go on for ? " one woman told CNN . "  All we want is peace . " Frederik Pleitgen reported from Mariupol , and Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta .	A Ukrainian defense spokesman reports 129 violations of the ceasefire so far Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian separatists are supposed to withdraw heavy weapons Monday
CNN  -- Polygamist sect leader Warren Steed Jeffs , who is awaiting trial in southern Utah , was charged with eight additional felony counts from Arizona in two separate cases , authorities said Thursday . Polygamist Warren Jeffs is facing eight additional counts related to alleged incest and sexual contact with a minor . A grand jury indicted Jeffs May 10 on two counts of sexual conduct with a minor and two counts of incest for alleged incidents that occurred in 2002 , according to a statement issued by Mohave County Attorney Matthew J. Smith . On Thursday , another grand jury indicted him on two additional counts of sexual conduct with a minor and two additional counts of incest . Those offenses took place in Colorado City , Arizona , in 2003 , according to the indictment . Both indictments state that Jeffs , leader of the Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints  FLDS  , committed the offenses "  as an accomplice . " According to Arizona law , sexual conduct with a minor is a Class 6 felony punishable upon conviction by up to a year in prison . Incest is a class 4 felony punishable upon conviction by up to 2 1/2 years in prison . "  The cases involve two separate victims , " Smith said in the statement . "  Mr. Jeffs will not come to Mohave County to face these charges or to have an initial appearance on them until his Utah case is resolved . " Jeffs , 51 , is awaiting trial in Washington County , Utah , on a charge of being an accomplice to rape by arranging the marriage of a 14-year-old girl to her 19-year-old cousin . The trial initially was set to begin in April , but Fifth District Judge James Shumate postponed it earlier this year , and a new date has not been set . At the time , Shumate said the delay was due to "  recent information in the case , " but he did not elaborate . The judge in March refused a defense request to move the trial out of Washington County because of press coverage , but he said he may reconsider if attorneys encounter difficulty during jury selection . Utah prosecutors say that because Jeffs forced the underage girl to marry , and therefore forced her to have sex with the adult man , and because Jeffs insisted she stay married , he is an accomplice to rape . During his preliminary hearing in December , Jeffs ' defense attorneys said that he never knew whether the marriage he arranged was consummated and , if it was , whether the sex was consensual . The girl , identified only as Jane Doe , testified at the preliminary hearing that she was "  so scared " during the forced wedding . "  The whole time I was crying , " she said . "  I wanted to die . " The rape as an accomplice charge is a first-degree felony in Utah , carrying a penalty upon conviction of five years to life in prison . Jeffs previously was charged in Arizona with two counts of sexual conduct with a minor for allegedly presiding over arranged marriages , along with an additional charge of conspiracy . Those charges , from 2005 , were put on hold while Jeffs faces trial in Utah . Jeffs was captured August 28 , 2006 , in a traffic stop near Las Vegas , Nevada . At the time , he had been on the FBI 's 10 Most Wanted List for months . The FLDS freely practices polygamy in the towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , which straddle the state line . The sect maintains groups of followers in Texas , South Dakota , Nevada , British Columbia and Mexico . The offshoot sect broke from the mainline Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , based in Salt Lake City , Utah , over the practice of polygamy . The Mormon church , which gave up plural marriage more than a century ago , has no ties to Jeffs ' group . E-mail to a friend	In May , polygamist leader indicted on charges in 2002 case On Thursday , he 's indicted on additional counts in 2003 case Both indictments state that Jeffs committed offenses "  as an accomplice " Jeffs is leader of Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints
CNN  -- Many observers gazing upon the current bloodshed in the Middle East have wondered aloud if we are seeing the disintegration of the nation-state boundaries established in the region nearly a century ago . But the crises in Iraq and Syria have simply laid bare a phenomenon that has been under way for quite some time . What 's more , this process is now almost certainly irreversible , and will lead to a radically different Middle Eastern map than we have known . In the heady early days of the Arab Spring , many people imagined that the Arab world might finally be entering a period of greater democratization , one that would inevitably lead -- so the thinking went -- to greater social unity . That did n't happen . The "  people 's revolution " in Egypt was subverted , and the fledgling democracy movement in Bahrain was crushed with Saudi military assistance . But more devastating than that is the ongoing fracturing of nations into their historical component parts . The world may be focused on the rifts in Iraq between its Shiite , Sunni and Kurd communities -- but the same "  Balkanization " has already occurred in Libya , which is now effectively split into three de facto states . Almost surely next on the chopping block is Syria . Syria 's savage civil war has divided the nation into a patchwork of government and rebel-held zones , and there is now talk within Bashar al-Assad 's embattled regime of slicing off the Alawite-dominated western portions of Syria to create a more defendable mini-state . READ MORE : Map of Iraq 's sectarian divide Just how did we get here ? To answer that , one would do well to look at a map of the region during the Ottoman Empire . In order to keep the peace and hold together their fantastically diverse and far-flung realm , the Ottoman sultans devised a clever system known as the "  millyet . " So long as they pledged ultimate allegiance to the sultan and paid their taxes , the empire 's various religious and ethnic communities were allowed to largely govern themselves . It was hardly a trouble-free arrangement , but this system of autonomy was probably what enabled the weak Ottoman Empire , the proverbial "  sick man of Europe , " to survive into the twentieth century . That all ended in 1914 , when the Ottomans joined forces with Germany and Austro-Hungary in World War I. To the rival empires of Great Britain and France , the Ottoman lands now became known as "  the Great Loot , " the last great frontier for European control and economic exploitation . Of course , Britain and France first had to win the war -- and well into 1915 , they displayed scant ability to do so . In desperation , the British forged a secret agreement with Emir Hussein , the ruler of the Hejaz region of western Arabia , to raise an Arab revolt against the Ottoman Turks . In return , Hussein and his rebels were promised independence for virtually the entire Arab world . READ MORE : The terror group taking Iraq by storm No sooner had Britain made the pact with Hussein , however , than it surreptitiously entered into negotiations with France . Under the terms of the secret Sykes-Picot Agreement , the future Arab independent nation was to be relegated to the wastelands of the Arabian Peninsula -- oil had n't been discovered there yet -- while Britain and France would take possession of most everything else . Continuing in this vein , Britain also penned the Balfour Declaration , encouraging Jewish emigration into the Palestine region of Syria , an initiative that would ultimately prove to be the catalyst for the creation of Israel . This double-cross of the Arabs was not fully revealed until the postwar Paris Peace Conference , then put to paper in the 1920 San Remo Agreement . Despite the furious protestations of Arab nationalists , greater Syria was divided into four parts -- Palestine , Trans-Jordan , Lebanon and modern-day Syria -- with the British taking the first two , the French the latter . Even more volatile , as events would soon prove , were British machinations in Iraq . In their first negotiations with Emir Hussein , the British had asked for "  special administrative arrangements " in those southern regions of Mesopotamia where oil had been discovered . But by the war 's end , oil had also been discovered in the north and , with the promise of Arab independence long discarded , the British simply joined three of the Ottoman 's semi-autonomous regions together and called it a country . Through their blithe hubris , British and French imperialists had built themselves a volcano and then sat atop it . For the next three decades , they managed to weather the periodic eruptions of Arab rage by propping up pliant local leaders or rushing in troops to quell the inevitable revolts . But by the early 1950s , their sway in the region had collapsed along with their empires . Into the vacuum stepped a generation of ardently nationalist military dictatorships that would eventually stretch from Libya all the way to Iraq . But how did this transmogrify into the chaos and dissolution we see in the region today ? I think the answer lies in a subtler , more psychological , legacy of the "  order " that was imposed by the European powers a century ago . READ MORE : How Iraq crisis may redraw borders Ever since that grand betrayal , the Arab world has tended to define itself more by what it is opposed to -- colonialism , Zionism , Western political and cultural imperialism -- than what it aspires to , and even if Arab leaders have capitalized on this culture of grievance to channel popular discontent away from their own misrule , it is a mindset that has become internalized . In twenty-five years of covering conflict zones around the world , I 've found that guerrillas or dissidents most everywhere can articulate what they are fighting for ; in the Middle East , by contrast , it is almost always an articulation of what they are fighting against . One result , I believe , is that there 's little in the way of consensus going forward once the existing order of things -- artificially-imposed or otherwise -- has been swept aside . Instead , a vacuum is created , and the "  Arab street " fills it by turning to those allegiances that predated the object of their rage : their faith , their clans , their tribes . While the result is less devastating in a place with a strong national identity like Egypt -- there , the lack of consensus simply means the "  people 's revolution " can be gradually smothered -- in an "  artificial " nation like Iraq , a centrifugal force takes over that , once given full power , is almost impossible to reverse . We are now at that point in Syria . Since none of its warring factions can be militarily defeated -- and the various regional powers backing their respective proxies will see to that -- the slaughter there will continue until the creation of de facto mini-nations . In Iraq , Kurdistan is already independent in all but name , and has no reason to give it name lest its chief protector , Turkey , become alarmed . The only larger question is whether ISIS -- the Sunni terror group that has taken Iraq by storm in recent weeks -- will manage to consolidate its current hold in the center of the country and join it to the great swath of eastern Syria it controls . Perversely , there may soon come a time when both the Shiite-dominated regime in Baghdad and the Alawite-dominated one in Damascus both decide such a terror-state might be the best way to be rid of their Sunni enemies . Surely the biggest surprise thus far has been the relative calm in Jordan , a nation cut from whole cloth by the European powers after World War I. Despite concerns that it too will fall into the abyss , Jordan might well be saved by the need for all its warring neighbors to have a "  Switzerland " in the neighborhood . What might explode next ? Here , the old map of the Middle East actually offers some solace . We 're simply starting to run out of places that the European imperialists screwed up . The views expressed in this commentary are solely those of Scott Anderson .	Anderson : Conflicts in the Middle East are disintegrating region 's post-World War I borders British , French imperialists "  built volcano in Middle East and then sat atop it " World may be worried about "  Balkanization " of Iraq , "  but that 's already happened to Libya " Anderson : We 're running out of places that European imperialists screwed up
Washington  CNN  -- The number of Americans who say the economy is in good shape has dropped to the lowest level of the year , according to a new national poll . And a CNN/ORC International survey also indicates that economic pessimism is growing in the wake of the government shutdown , with nearly six in 10 forecasting poor economic conditions a year from now . The poll 's Tuesday morning release comes a few hours before the Labor Department announces the September unemployment report . The release of last month 's jobless figures was delayed because of the 16-day partial government shutdown . In the poll that was conducted this past weekend , 71 % of those questioned say that economic conditions are poor right now , with only 29 % saying that current conditions are good -- a drop of 4 percentage points since late September , just before the shutdown began . Opinion : 3 ways to avert the next budget crisis "  That number has not been particularly high in 2013 , but throughout the year it has always been over 30 % , making the current level of 29 % the worst number since December of last year , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . Only 40 % say that the economy will be in good shape a year from now . That 's down from 50 % in June and represents the lowest level of optimism since October 2011 . Some 59 % say the economy will be in poor shape next fall . The poll was conducted for CNN by ORC International October 18-20 , with 841 adults nationwide questioned by telephone . The survey 's overall sampling error is plus or minus 3.5 percentage points . Poll : 75 % say most Republicans in Congress do n't deserve re-election	Optimism about the economy hits a low for the year , according to a new CNN/ORC poll The partial government shutdown contributed to the national pessimism Nearly three out of four say that economic conditions are poor right now
CNN  -- A record-breaking winner of 18 grand slam singles titles , Martina Navratilova is to join the ranks of tennis ' super coaches . The 58-year-old will work with world No. 6 Agnieszka Radwanska next season in her first major coaching role . "  I did n't sleep very well last night thinking about getting back into match mode and the competitions , " said Navratilova , who won a record nine Wimbledon singles titles . "  I am really excited about this opportunity to join Agnieszka 's team -- I ca n't wait to get started . " Radwanska , who reached the Wimbledon final in 2012 , hopes appointing Navratilova will help end her quest for her first grand slam . "  I am absolutely delighted that Martina has agreed to help me and my team next season , " said the 25-year-old Pole . "  She is my idol in tennis and I am honored we will be working together . My goal is to win a grand slam , so to have someone with Martina 's accomplishments in my corner is going to be hugely advantageous and give me a big boost . "  We are originally from a similar part of the world so we share an understanding about tennis and life , which I 'm sure will translate into a successful relationship , " added Radwanksa , referring to the Czech-born Navratilova , who is a naturalized American . The sight of a super coach courtside has become de rigeur in the men 's game since Andy Murray sought the advice of eight-time grand slam winner Ivan Lendl in 2012 . That partnership paid off as the Briton went on to win his first majors at the U.S Open and Wimbledon before adding the 2012 Olympic gold medal on home soil in London . Since then , Roger Federer -- not shy of a grand slam or 17 himself -- has worked with Swedish ace Stefan Edberg . Reigning Wimbledon champion Novak Djokovic opted for flamboyant German Boris Becker while Murray is now supported by French female major winner Amelie Mauresmo after his split with Lendl . Navratilova is about to break new ground by becoming the first super-coach on the women 's tennis tour . The Czech-born American citizen will no doubt relish the chance to set new standards as that 's just what she 's being doing since winning her first grand slam at the French Open in 1975 . Blending serve-and-volley style with a power game , the left-handed star blazed into the record books . Navratilova holds an open era record 167 singles titles and 177 doubles titles as well as 59 grand slam crowns - in singles , doubles and mixed doubles . She won a final grand slam title -- the 2006 U.S. Open mixed doubles with partner Bob Bryan -- just one month shy of her 50th birthday before retiring from the game . Navratilova is also known as a TV personality , an activist for gay rights and she has even turned her hand to writing detective novels set in the world of competitive tennis . Now she must solve the case of the missing grand slam for Radwanska in 2015 .	Tennis ace Martina Navratilova to return to the game as a super coach The 58-time grand slam winner will coach Agnieszka Radwanska in 2015 The world No. 6 hopes Navratilova will help her win a first grand slam title "  I 'm really excited , " says Navratilova about her new role
CNN  -- A former Massachusetts chemist has indicated she will plead guilty to charges stemming from an investigation into how she allegedly mishandled sensitive evidence affecting thousands of state criminal cases dating to 2003 , according to a source with knowledge of the agreement . In an open door lobby conference last week , Annie Dookhan asked prosecutors and the judge overseeing her case what the ramifications would be if she were to change her plea from not guilty to guilty , according to the source . Prosecutors indicated they would seek a minimum of a five - to seven-year sentence if Dookhan were to plead guilty . Her lawyer , Nicholas Gordon , asked for a one-year maximum sentence , according to the source . "  After consideration of the submissions of the parties and the arguments of counsel before this judge on October 18 , 2013 , I have decided that , if the defendant were to plead guilty before me , I would not exceed a sentence of three to five years in state prison , with a probationary term to follow , " Suffolk Superior Court Justice Carol Ball said , according to court documents . Dookhan , 34 , is facing 27 counts , including obstruction of justice , mishandling of drug evidence and lying about holding a master 's degree in chemistry from the University of Massachusetts . The list of defendants whose cases could be affected by the alleged drug tampering by the former Massachusetts chemist has grown to more than 40,000 , according to Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick 's administration . Dookhan worked as a state chemist testing drug evidence submitted by law enforcement agencies from 2003 until March 2012 , when she resigned , according to the Massachusetts attorney general 's office . The attorney general 's office began a criminal investigation in July 2012 , after Massachusetts State Police were tipped off by Dookhan 's co-workers , who alleged her work might be unreliable . The investigation revealed that Dookhan allegedly had tampered with evidence by altering substances in vials that were being tested at the state lab , allegedly to cover up the practice of routinely "  dry labbing " samples . "  Dry labbing " is a term used for visually identifying samples instead of performing the required chemical test . Authorities arrested Dookhan at her home in Franklin , Massachusetts , in September 2012 . Dookhan has pleaded not guilty to all charges . In a statement from the Massachusetts attorney general 's office , spokesman Brad Puffer said : "  It is the defendant 's decision whether or not to plead guilty and the judge 's decision to determine the sentence . Our office has not agreed to any plea deal and we are prepared to go to trial and prove our case before a jury . The defendant has indicated to the court that she will likely change her plea to guilty . " A hearing in Dookhan 's case that was scheduled for Wednesday has been canceled . A new change of plea hearing has been scheduled for November 22 , when Dookhan is expected to plead guilty . Dookhan 's attorney , Nicholas Gordon , could not be reached for comment Monday . CNN 's Morgan Winsor contributed to this report .	Annie Dookhan , accused of mishandling drug evidence , asked about possible sentences Dookhan , 34 , has pleaded not guilty to 27 counts including obstruction of justice , lying Ex-chemist would likely get 3 to 5 years with guilty plea , a judge says after a hearing
New York  CNN  -- America 's job crisis is a result of decades of shopping on credit and underinvesting in research to fuel new industries , says analyst Fareed Zakaria . In a recent cover story in Time magazine and in a special on CNN this weekend . Zakaria traces the growing loss of faith in the American dream and the ways that technology and globalization have put millions of middle-class jobs at risk . The author and host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " spoke to CNN on Thursday . Here is an edited transcript : CNN : What can we do about the threat to American jobs ? Fareed Zakaria : The first thing we have to do is to stop doing what we 've been doing for almost 20 years , which is pretending we do n't have a problem . We 've been kicking the can down the road , we 've blamed other people , blamed other countries for these issues . And most important , we 've deluded ourselves that there is no crisis because we 've kept the economy going by overconsuming . From the 1950s , America had a very stable pattern of consumption . Consumer expenditures made up between 60 and 65 percent of GDP -LSB- Gross Domestic Product -RSB- -- in the 1950s , the 1960s , the 1970s , that was the pattern . Then in the early 1980s , that starts going up , and it goes up to 70 percent of GDP by 2001 and it stayed there ever since . Now this would n't be a problem if we actually had that money , but we have been consuming using borrowed money for the last 20 years . So the average American household now has 13 credit cards , 40 percent of which have an outstanding balance . Debt has gone from $ 700 billion in 1974 to $ 14 trillion now . This is completely unsustainable . A fundamental way to think about it is that we have to shift this economy from an over-reliance on consumption and move it more toward investment . CNN : How do we do that ? Zakaria : Let 's talk about what we need first . One of the things I 'm struck by in talking to corporate CEOs -- these are all real free-market types -- but they all agree that the key to getting growth and middle-class jobs back is that we make massive investments , investments in technology , investments in research and development , investments in infrastructure . That is in a sense , investing in the middle class , because that is investing in the industries of the future , the industries that will create middle-class jobs . We used to spend 3 percent of GDP on research and development . We do n't do that now even though Obama has raised it a lot . I would argue that we actually need to do a lot more than we did in the 1950s , because in the 1950s there were millions of jobs for semiskilled labor , manufacturing jobs , making steel , making cars . All those jobs are under enormous competitive pressure from both technology and globalization . And so we need jobs in the new industries , industries of the future , knowledge based industries , scientific industries . To get those jobs and to make sure that American companies dominate them will take huge investments . CNN : Should they be government investments ? Zakaria : That 's what 's produced the semiconductor industry , it was government investment . That 's what created the internet . Al Gore may not have created the internet , but DARPA certainly did . That 's the Defense Department venture capital group . And GPS , the technology that 's now fueling the next internet revolution , the mobile revolution , that was also a U.S. Defense Department project . Those are now producing hundreds of billions of dollars for the private sector , all started by government funding . Zakaria : The middle class is being hollowed out There 's another urgency . We 're falling behind . Just today in the news , on the front page of The New York Times , China has developed the fastest computer in the world . Why was that ? Was it because of unfair trade practices or an undervalued currency ? No . It was because the government of China has made massive investments in technology ... in many of these areas we 've lost a lot of ground . CNN : How can the United States pay for this ? Zakaria : I do n't believe in a free lunch . For 20 years we 've pretended that we can have our cake and eat it , too . We could have tax cuts and prescription drugs for the elderly and a war in Iraq and Afghanistan and nobody has to pay for it . The government did it just as individuals did it -- by borrowing . This is going to cost money and you 're going to have to raise revenue . The best revenue raising device is a consumption tax , sometimes called a value added tax , or a national sales tax . Every industrialized country in the world has it . We are the only ones who do n't . If we were to have a 5 to 7 percent consumption tax , it would be the lowest in the industrialized world . It would raise a lot of revenue . You could set it up so that the revenues from that tax would only go into investment , none of it is for current expenses . And if there is a consequence of this tax , which is that Americans consume a little less , that ai n't the worst thing in the world either . CNN : You wrote in your piece in Time about immigration and skilled labor . How is that a part of the equation ? Zakaria : Perhaps the most intelligent investment we can make is in human capital , particularly in talented people in science , math and computers . So what do we do ? Well we can try to revitalize science education in America , which we must do , but it 's going to be a long slog . We 've fallen quite far behind . But we have been this amazing magnet -- the brightest students in the world come to America because we have the best colleges and universities in the world , and we are also seen as a place in which people find it attractive to study and work . But then , after we train all these hundreds of thousands of students from all over the world , the cream of the crop , we throw them out of the country , we tell them do n't you dare work here , because that would mean you would invent here , and hire people here , create new companies here , file new patents here , pay taxes here . No , no , no , go back to your country . We 've trained them often at taxpayer expense . Someone getting a computer science degree at the University of California at Berkeley is being trained at the California government 's expense and is then thrown out of the country . We do n't reap any benefits from it . This is a great investment strategy for the future of China and India . But it 's a terrible investment strategy for the United States . CNN : What can be done ? Zakaria : -LSB- New York Mayor Michael -RSB- Bloomberg has suggested that everyone who gets a science or math PhD in this country should be given a green card along with their degree . And I think that 's a wonderful idea . We should frankly make it incredibly easy for these people to stay here . They are the people who overwhelmingly create jobs . ... Within a year or two they begin to pay back into the system at multiples of what they might have ever cost . And yet because of the usual political paralysis and dysfunction , it is right now unthinkable that we would ever enact a program like that . On the contrary , we 're trying to throw more people out . CNN : You do n't think there could be consensus on this in Washington right now ? Zakaria : The problem in Washington is that the minute one side suggests something , the other side demagogues it . So the incentive to come to the center is vanishing . The minute you try to come to the center , if you 're a Republican , Rush Limbaugh will denounce you , Glenn Beck will denounce you . There will be a primary opponent in your district who will be able to raise money . CNN : Will Tuesday 's election change that ? Zakaria : No . I fear it will actually exacerbate it . A lot of Republicans will get elected , will tell you they are mad as hell about the deficit , and the solution is to cut taxes . This is insanity , cutting taxes will create an even larger deficit . This is math , this is not politics . ... In the face of the problems we have , to have one more experiment in the idea that if we cut taxes , this will somehow goose the economy , we 've been there done that . -LSB- President George W. -RSB- Bush had this massive tax cut and it produced almost no growth . What it did produce was an $ 800 million hole in the budget . CNN : How does education fit into the picture ? Zakaria : The countries that have been able to maintain a manufacturing base , such as Germany , are really worth studying . The Germans have high taxes , they have lots of regulations , they have strong unions and yet they 've seen their imports increase year after year . They 've weathered the economic crisis very well , they 've had 15 months of falling unemployment numbers , and why is that ? Because they have really focused on scientific education , technical education , apprenticeship programs , retraining . They focus on high-end manufacturing , they train and retrain their workers . We do n't have any such systems in America . We need there to be more of a coordinated effort by government , business and educational institutions -- a triangle of training . We 've been too cavalier about letting skills of higher manufacturing erode among American workers . That work has not gone to India or China , that work has gone to Germany and Canada and Japan , other high wage , high income countries .	For decades , Americans have been overconsuming on credit , says Fareed Zakaria He says government has to fund major investments in research and development Zakaria says investment will have to be paid for through new revenues "  Restoring the American Dream " airs Saturday 9 p.m. ET/PT , Sunday 10 a.m. ET/PT
CNN  Three more cemeteries have been vandalized in France , at a time of heightened sensitivity over religion and terrorist threats . The Interior Ministry announced Wednesday that overnight , headstones were damaged in a small Christian cemetery in Saint-Beat in southern France and swastikas were scrawled in Jewish cemeteries in Challans , in the west , and Issoudun , in central France . Those three incidents are in addition to the defacing of tombstones in western France 's Tracy-sur-Mer and the desecration of about 250 graves late last week in a Jewish cemetery in Sarre-Union . Authorities took five teenagers -- one of whom turned himself in and none of whom have criminal records -- into custody in that incident and charged them with desecration of graves and with organized damage on property for the public benefit , Saverne prosecutor Philippe Vanier said Monday . One of the teens denied the attack was anti-Semitic , claiming they 'd thought the cemetery was abandoned and did n't notice the graves were Jewish until after the vandalism began , according to the prosecutor . Whatever the motive , the Sarre-Union vandalism spurred strong condemnations from French officials , with Prime Minister Manuel Valls calling it "  a vile , anti-Semitic act " and Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve vowing , "  The French Republic wo n't allow another act against our values . " The incidents come at a time when Jews in France have become targets , most glaringly with last month 's deadly hostage siege at a kosher supermarket in Paris . It 's not just France , though , as the recent shooting near a synagogue in Copenhagen , Denmark , illustrates . This all comes amid a push by groups like ISIS for its twisted version of Islam and against any nonbelievers , with Jews and Christians being singled out as targets . Muslims have also come under fire . After the Paris attack on the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo and kosher market siege , numerous mosques in France were attacked -- with shots fired in some cases and other instances in which a pig 's head was stuck on a prayer room door and messages of hate were sprayed on walls , according to French media reports . CNN 's Laura Akhoun and Margot Haddad contributed to this report .	Ministry : Headstones were damaged in a small Christian cemetery in Saint-Beat Swastikas were scrawled inside two Jewish cemeteries
CNN  -- A pair of earthquakes with magnitudes of at least 5.0 struck within 90 minutes of each other near Christchurch , New Zealand , on Monday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported , reviving vivid memories of a deadly quake that killed more than 180 people in February . "  Everyone is on edge here anyway , " said Rhys Taylor , who said he could hear sirens and see helicopters flying over Christchurch . "  Obviously , power 's out -- sort of all over the city at the moment -- and phone lines are down . " Police evacuated sections of the city 's central business district after reports of a possible gas leak , police said . Several bridges in the city were closed as a precaution . "  It was quite an exciting ride , " Christchurch Police Acting Inspector Murray Hurst told CNN after the first quake , adding that there was some damage caused by the quake and a few injuries that were not life-threatening . The first quake -- a magnitude 5.2 -- was centered 9 kilometers  5 miles  east-southeast of Christchurch at a depth of 11 kilometers  6.8 miles  , according to USGS . The quake took place at 1 p.m. Monday . A second quake -- a more powerful 6.0 tremor -- struck at 2:20 p.m. , roughly 13 kilometers  8 miles  north-northeast of the city at a depth of 9 kilometers  5.6 miles  . And at least one smaller quake followed . A magnitude 4.6 quake struck at 2:40 p.m. about 11 kilometers  6 miles  east of Christchurch and at a depth of 12.5 kilometers  7.8 miles  , according to the USGS . The quakes came nearly four months after a 6.3-magnitude temblor struck the same area , killing more than 180 people . CNN 's Jack Maddox and Anisha Bhandari contributed to this report .	Three quakes strike near Christchurch within two hours Two of the quakes have magnitudes of at least 5.0 Power is out and phone lines are down in Christchurch , a resident says A 6.3-magnitude temblor struck the same area in February , killing more than 180 people
CNN  -- It paid to be a "  Lost " fan Tuesday night . That is , it paid $ 150 . Four of the six numbers drawn in the estimated $ 380 million Mega Millions lottery matched the numbers immortalized by the Lost character Hugo "  Hurley " Reyes , who hit a $ 114 million jackpot off them -- only to be haunted by the same numbers in later episodes . Tuesday 's Mega Millions numbers were 4 , 8 , 15 , 25 , 47 and 42  42 was the Mega Ball number  . Hurley 's numbers were 4 , 8 , 15 , 16 , 23 and 42 . Unnerved watchers of the hit television show must have been left wondering whether the Dharma Initiative had a hand in the drawing . If you played Hurley 's numbers , you won $ 150 , according to a payout table on the Mega Millions website , though the same table noted that fixed prizes such as the $ 150 one "  may be paid on a pari-mutuel basis and  be  lower than " that amount . But at least two people fared better than Hurley after Tuesday night 's drawing . Two tickets matched all six numbers , according to a news release from Mega Millions . Owners of those tickets , which were sold in Idaho and Washington , will split the jackpot . David Workman , a spokesman for the Idaho Lottery , said he did not know where in his state the ticket was sold . Idaho began selling tickets on January 31 , 2010 . "  Idaho is a very lucky place , " he added . CNN 's Scott Thompson contributed to this report .	NEW : Spokesman : "  Idaho is a very lucky place " A "  Lost " character 's lottery numbers match four of the Mega Millions numbers The jackpot for Tuesday night 's drawing was estimated at $ 380 million Two tickets -- sold in Idaho and Washington -- matched all six numbers
CNN  -- Afghan President Hamid Karzai has been in talks with high-level Taliban members , but the effort has failed to yield "  practical reconciliation " or the "  resolution of many issues , " a senior U.S. defense official said Thursday . "  We do n't think the Taliban believe that they 're losing to the degree that they 'd come to terms in large numbers . Without question , they 're hurting . We have it on good information that they 're feeling the pressure . Just not enough , " the official told CNN . Karzai has been forging reconciliation efforts to seek peace with Taliban members and end the nine-year-old Afghan war . One idea his government has pushed is the Afghan Peace Council , which was formed to help negotiate with the Taliban . That group convened for the first time on Thursday , a meeting in which Karzai called for militants to seize the opportunity for peace . "  I call on them once again to use this opportunity and say ` yes ' to this endeavour . I want them to come and bring peace to this land , " Karzai told the group , made up of about 68 Afghan clerics and elders . The senior U.S. official said the peace council and its efforts may pay off down the road . The U.S. military supports Karzai 's efforts , and that any reconciliation must be Afghan-led , the official said . Nevertheless , the official put high expectations in perspective , saying outsiders ca n't expect a "  rock solid agreement " every time there are talks . "  It will be messy , " the official said . The official also noted that the Taliban and al Qaeda have to be thought of , and dealt with , differently . "  While al Qaeda just wants to kill people , the Taliban have definite governing ambitions . They want Afghanistan back -- but to accomplish that , they only need to do the minimum . They do n't need to control every inch of land , just be present enough to exert influence , " the official said . The al Qaeda terror network attacked the United States on September 11 , 2001 , when it was harbored by Afghanistan 's Taliban-led government . A month later , the United States invaded Afghanistan and toppled that government . Another effort is also under way to forge peace . This week , political figures from Pakistan and Afghanistan sat down in Kabul for talks in what one Afghan official called a "  new phase " in building bridges and making peace with the Taliban . The meeting is part of an effort called the Abu Dhabi process . A Taliban spokesman has told CNN that the group was not interested in peace talks . Zabiuhullah Mujahed , the spokesman , said the group had no representative in the alleged negotiations in Kabul . Peace negotiations would not happen until the Afghan government met the Taliban 's precondition to withdraw foreign forces from the country , the spokesman said . Journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Karzai tells the group it can help make peace in Afghanistan The peace council launches as Afghan leaders meet with Pakistani officials The Taliban says it is not part of the peace talks
CNN  -- Washington -- one of the world 's most secure cities -- is reacting cautiously following the attacks at Canada 's Parliament Hill . One soldier who was shot at Canada 's National War memorial , located across from the Parliament building , has died . The gunman was shot and killed on the scene inside Parliament Hill 's Center Block . President Barack Obama spoke to Canada 's Prime Minister Stephen Harper on the phone Tuesday afternoon . "  The President offered any assistance Canada needed in responding to these attacks . Prime Minister Harper thanked the President and the two leaders discussed the assault and agreed to continue coordination between our governments moving forward , " the White House said in a statement . Later this afternoon , the president told pool reporters that it is still unknown whether a "  broader network or plan " was behind the shooting . He added that these attacks serve as a reminder to "  remain vigilant " when dealing with unnecessary violence or terrorists . "  It 's very important , I think , for us to recognize that when it comes to dealing with terrorist activity , Canada and the United States has to be entirely in sync . We have in the past and I am confident we will continue to do so in the future , " the president said . Secretary of State John Kerry was also briefed on the shootings , Mary Harf , the State Department 's spokeswoman confirmed . At the U.S. Capitol , which was the site of a deadly shooting in 1998 , police are "  monitoring and tracking " developments in Canada . But as of now , they have n't modified their regular "  post 9-11 heightened state of alertness , " according to U.S. Capitol Police spokeswoman Kim Schneider . PHOTOS : Gunshots at Canada 's Parliament Congress is on recess until next month 's elections , though the Capitol remains busy with tourists , staff and other workers . Across the Potomac River , security near Arlington Cemetery has increased , specifically at the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier . The U.S. Embassy in Ottawa , located near the Ottawa River next to Parliament Hill , is on lockdown , according to a message posted on Twitter . A spokesman at the Canadian embassy in Washington told CNN that they have locked the front door to non-embassy staff as a "  precautionary measure . " In New York City , the NYPD added extra security to the Canadian consulate as a precaution . NORAD , meanwhile , is increasing its alert posture and the number of planes ready to respond to a problem , according to CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr . NORAD , which provides air defense over North America , is in continuous contact with Canadian law enforcement , CNN is told . "  We have taken appropriate measure to ensure that NORAD is postured to respond quickly if the ongoing situation in Ottawa should include any effect on aviation , " NORAD spokesman Captain Jeff Davis said . Washington was already reviewing its approach to security before the shooting in Ottawa . A man shocked the nation last month by allegedly jumping the fence outside the White House and making his way into the building before finally being stopped by security . Around the same time , reports emerged that a man with a gun rode the same elevator as Obama during a visit to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in Atlanta . Those incidents prompted the resignation of Secret Service Director Julia Pierson . In an interview with Roll Call published Wednesday morning before the Ottawa shootings , Terrance W. Gainer , the former Senate sergeant at arms , said the U.S. Capitol complex is too open . "  The only people that have left their campus open is the Capitol , " Gainer said . "  Now , I get people wanting to be open , but people have to somehow understand there are constant threats and if the only way to mitigate the threat is have an officer chase after the bad guy â $ " you 're going to end up having problems . " The Twitter account for the National Security Council also tweeted updates including that the president had spoken with Harper and condemned the attacks . CNN 's Barbara Starr , Jim Acosta , Kevin Liptak , Ted Barrett , Pam Brown , and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	One confirmed gunman has been shot and killed after they fired shots in Canada 's Parliament building and surrounding areas One Canadian Armed Forces soldier has died from his gunshot wounds President Obama and Secretary Kerry have been briefed on the shootings
CNN  -- An Oregon jury on Friday found the Boy Scouts of America liable for the sexual abuse of a 12-year-old boy more than 25 years ago , returning a verdict of $ 18.5 million in punitive damages . The plaintiff , Kerry Lewis , now 38 , allowed his name to be used publicly during the trial , according to his attorneys . He is among six men suing the Boy Scouts over allegations of sexual abuse . Attorney Kelly Clark has said that when his clients were boys during the 1980s , the organization knew that at least one of them had been abused by former assistant Scoutmaster Timur Dykes . The 53-year-old convicted sex offender was released from prison in 2005 and paroled until 2013 . He could not be reached on Friday . Clark also alleged that though the scout leader was removed , he was allowed to stay on as a volunteer and the abuse continued . In 1983 , Dykes told troop leaders he abused 17 scouts , according to plaintiff 's attorneys . During the six-week trial , Clark produced documents that he said were part of an archive of previously secret Boy Scout files that chronicled decades of abuse of boys . Earlier this month , jurors in Portland awarded Lewis $ 1.4 million after finding that the organization was negligent in allowing a Scout leader who was a sex offender to have contact with him . Under Oregon law , 60 percent of a punitive damages award goes to the state 's crime victims ' fund . The Boy Scouts of America did not immediately respond to CNN 's requests for comment on Friday . However , lawyers for the organization have said it had not known about the scout leader 's record . Once the Scouts did learn about it , the organization acted immediately and cooperated with police , the lawyers have said . The Boy Scouts have acknowledged the organization does have confidential files , but said they are made confidential in order to protect people who are ineligible to be scout leaders , but who may not have done anything illegal . A scouts spokesman has said that , in recent years , the organization has taken extensive measures to keep abusers out . In a written statement earlier this month , the Scouts said the organization intends to appeal the initial verdict . "  We are gravely disappointed with the verdict , " it said . "  We believe that the allegations made against our youth protection efforts are not valid . " It added , "  We are saddened by what happened to the plaintiff . The actions of the man who committed these crimes do not represent the values and ideals of the Boy Scouts of America . "  The safety of the young people currently in the Scouting program has never been in question during these legal proceedings . The case focused on a discussion about what society and the BSA knew about child abuse approximately three decades ago . "  This is a long-standing societal issue that every youth-serving organization must address . Based on the standard of care of that time , the BSA believes it acted responsibly and that the evidence presented during the trial does not justify the verdict . " While holding the Boy Scouts of America 60 percent negligent , the jury said the Cascade Pacific Council -- which oversees Scouting activities in the region -- was 15 percent negligent and the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day Saints 25 percent negligent . The church has sponsored a number of Boy Scout troops , including the one to which the plaintiff belonged . Steve English , a lawyer representing the church , has said the verdict has no impact on the church , since it settled the case out of court more than a year ago . "  The church absolutely condemns any kind of child abuse , " he said . "  Because of the way the law is set up in Oregon , we thought it made sense both to help the victim and also to get this behind the victim and us to settle this case . "	Kerry Lewis among six men suing the Boy Scouts over allegations of sexual abuse Lewis ' attorney said Boy Scouts knew that at least one of them had been abused by ex-scout leader Attorney : Secret Boy Scout files chronicled decades of abuse of boys
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Jurors wrapped up deliberations Friday and will continue next week in the racially charged murder trial of a white former police officer in Oakland , California , accused of killing an unarmed black man . Jurors deliberated for nearly three hours Friday afternoon without reaching a verdict in the case against Johannes Mehserle . Mehserle , a former Bay Area Rapid Transit police officer , is accused of shooting 22 - year-old Oscar Grant dead on a California train platform on January 1 , 2009 . The jurors will resume their deliberations Tuesday morning ; court is closed Monday due to the extended holiday weekend . Closing arguments concluded earlier in the day Friday . Mehserle could be found not guilty , guilty of murder , or guilty of a lesser offense like manslaughter . The shooting was captured on a bystander 's cell-phone video camera . The video was widely circulated on the internet and on news broadcasts , and it spurred several protests and riots in and around Oakland . The trial was moved from Alameda County to Los Angeles due to pre-trial publicity . Bay Area Rapid Transit police were called to Oakland 's Fruitvale station on January 1 after passengers complained about fights on a train . Officers pulled several men , including Grant , off the train when it arrived at Fruitvale . The video showed Mehserle pulling his gun and fatally shooting Grant in the back as another officer kneeled on the unarmed man . Mehserle has said at the trial that he intended to draw and fire his Taser rather than his gun , CNN affiliate KTVU eported . Mehserle resigned his position a few days after the incident and was later arrested in Nevada . He was released on a $ 3 million bond . Meanwhile , police in Oakland are bracing for riots as a verdict nears in the racially charged trial . An Oakland police department website has messages from the police chief and the mayor of Oakland warning people to stay calm . "  We anticipate that regardless of the verdict reached by the jury , demonstrations could occur in downtown Oakland , and potentially throughout the city , " one of the messages said . "  We will not tolerate destruction or violence . We live here , and we love Oakland . We understand that the community is grieving , and we are in this together . We will get through this together . " Grant 's family filed a $ 50 million wrongful death lawsuit against the officers involved in the incident . In January , the transit system agreed to pay $ 1.5 million to settle the suit . The money will provide financial support to Grant 's young daughter .	NEW : Jury deliberations to continue Tuesday Oakland police and mayor are warning people to be peaceful A former police officer is accused of shooting unarmed man
CNN  -- A photo that conservative blogger Andrew Breitbart claims shows the naked genitals of Rep. Anthony Weiner made its way to the Internet on Wednesday . Breitbart , appearing on the "  Opie and Anthony " show on the Sirius XM radio network , showed the picture on his cell phone during the interview , according to Breitbart and the show 's hosts . A television camera recorded the image of the cell phone with the picture on its screen , and that image was then sent out on Twitter by the show host known as Opie , whose real name is Gregg Hughes . According to Breitbart , he got the photo from a woman who communicated with Weiner online . The woman told Breitbart that Weiner sent her the photo . Dems privately urge Weiner to resign On Monday , Breitbart told reporters he had an "  X-rated " photo that had been sent to a woman by Weiner . Breitbart said then he was n't going to release it publicly for now . Democrats offer Weiner advice When asked by a reporter later Monday if he could deny Breitbart 's claim that an X-rated photo existed , Weiner said : "  No , I can not . " Both Breitbart and the "  Opie and Anthony " hosts said Wednesday that the public release of the photo occurred without Breitbart 's knowledge . In a video posted on YouTube explaining what happened , Hughes said a viewer using screen-capture technology sent co-host Anthony Cumia the televised image of Breitbart 's phone showing the photo . What was Weiner thinking ? Hughes said he then took a cellphone photo of Cumia 's cellphone showing the screen-captured image of Breitbart 's cellphone with the photo on its screen . iReport : Should Weiner resign ? "  At that point , it was race to see who could tweet the picture the fastest , and that 's exactly what we did , " Hughes said in the YouTube video . "  I 'm convinced that Andrew Breitbart did not want this picture to be released at this time , " Hughes continued . "  Unfortunately it was . What 're you going to do ? In his own statement , Breitbart said he regretted the photo had entered the public domain .	The photo is tweeted by a satellite radio host A conservative blogger claims it shows Rep. Weiner 's genitals Weiner has acknowledged an X-rated photo exists
CNN  -- One by one , retired tennis legends are returning to the tour as coaches and Novak Djokovic says that can only be a "  very good " thing for the game . Andy Murray got the ball rolling by hiring eight-time grand slam winner Ivan Lendl at the end of 2011 , with Djokovic turning to six-time major champion Boris Becker this month . And just this week , Roger Federer added six-time grand slam winner Stefan Edberg -- who was a playing rival of Lendl and Becker -- to his team in a bid to recapture old form . "  It is very good for the sport , " Djokovic told CNN in Abu Dhabi , where he won an exhibition tournament on Saturday by defeating David Ferrer . "  I 've seen people coming out with head to heads between Edberg , Lendl and Boris , which was funny to see . "  It 's going to attract more positive attention to our sport ... on court , off the court . These guys have won multiple grand slams and achieved a lot on and off the court . They can identify with us and us with them . "  They know what we are going through . I believe all of us who made arrangements with ex players  are  looking forward to the help on court during big moments . " Djokovic did n't discard longtime coach Marian Vajda in appointing Becker and he is confident he has the right people in place . "  Vajda  has been a friend and a life companion for so many years , " the world No. 2 added . "  And then Boris coming in as a legend of the sport and somebody who has achieved so much and has great experience that he can transfer to me ... the combination of the two I believe will be  successful  . " Straight sets for Nole With Becker courtside , Djokovic captured the Mubadala World Tennis Championship for a record third time by easing past Ferrer , 7-5 6-2 , and pocketed $ 250,000 . Djokovic has n't been beaten since the U.S. Open final in September and heads to the Australian Open in January as the three-time defending champion . Rafael Nadal , the man who topped the Serb in New York , overcame Jo-Wilfried Tsonga in the third-place match , 7-6 6-3 . The world No. 1 will now compete at next week 's Qatar Open in Doha and was looking forward to more training time . "  The period between seasons is not big , " the Spaniard was quoted as saying by The National . "  So during Abu Dhabi and Doha , I will continue practices and doing my warm-ups for the match more than what I would usually do . "  The period of practice in Mallorca was not enough so I need to keep preparing myself in these two events . I feel like I need to work on that extra thing to be 100 % ready in a few weeks . "	Novak Djokovic says retired legends who are now back on tour coaching is good for tennis Djokovic recently hired Boris Becker and Roger Federer teamed with Stefan Edberg Djokovic beats David Ferrer to win an exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi for the third time In a battle of beaten semifinalists , Rafael Nadal defeats Jo-Wilfried Tsonga
CNN  -- A survivor of a massacre in Mexico that left 72 dead is advising other would-be migrants to stay at home to avoid a fate like the one his companions met . The victims in the killings , which happened in northern Mexico , were migrants from Central and South America who were on their journey north . In an interview with Ecuadorean state television , the survivor , identified as Luis Freddy Lala , spoke about the harrowing ordeal . Although his name has been released , his face was blurred on camera . Lala said his journey began in Ecuador , and from there he traveled to Honduras and then to Guatemala . During that leg of the trip , "  everything was fine , " he said . From Guatemala he crossed into Mexico and made it with a large group of migrants to the northeastern Mexican state of Tamaulipas . Three cars surrounded the vehicle he was riding in , and a group of heavily armed men stepped out , forcing him into another car . The migrants were taken to a house , where they were tied up in groups of four , Lala said . Then , at one point , the hostages were all thrown on the ground , face-down . "  I heard them shooting at my friends , " he said . "  They shot me and they killed everyone else . " From the broadcast portions of the interview , it was not clear what the motive for the massacre might have been . As soon as the gunmen finished , they left the premises , Lala said . "  When they left I waited two minutes , got up and left the house , " he said . He walked all night and into the morning until he found a military checkpoint where he asked for help . Along the way , Lala said , he was denied help from two men he encountered . His advice to others wanting to go on the journey toward the United States is to not go because it is too dangerous to cross through Mexico . "  I 'm telling all Ecuadoreans not to travel anymore , because the Zetas are killing lots of people , " he said , referring to the cartel believed to be behind the killings . Mexican officials confirmed Wednesday that a second person survived the attack but authorities said they would not reveal the second survivor 's identity for safety reasons .	Ecuadorean Luis Freddy Lala was one of two survivors of a massacre in Mexico He advises other would-be immigrants not to make the journey The immigrants were captured by armed men They were shot and killed at a house
CNN  -- With violence approaching their doorstep , 10-year-old Beverly Dempsey and her father had eight hours to gather their belongings into one suitcase apiece and evacuate Egypt during last month 's uprising . Her mother , a U.S. State Department employee , had to stay behind while they were relocated to temporary housing in Falls Church , Virginia , with other displaced diplomatic families . Jim Dempsey tries to make life as normal as possible for his daughter , who is attending school for the first time in the United States , having lived abroad since she was 2 . But her heart remains in Egypt , the place she 's come to regard as home . "  I really like it here , but it would have made me feel better if we were in Egypt because that 's where I want to be right now , " she says . "  I want to go back really badly , but that does n't mean I do n't like it here . I just want to be able to say goodbye . " The Dempseys are among the many diplomatic families wait in limbo for word on when they can return to Egypt . Jim Dempsey , an economic development consultant , says he is grateful to the U.S. government for making the transition as smooth as possible in a community that has been welcoming and supportive . But it 's been more than a month since they left Egypt and he 's anxious to resume the life he left behind . "  We 've been living in Egypt for four years . It 's our home . This is place is fine , but everything is there . We have a set of friends , we have a way of living , and all of that is disrupted . We have to adjust and do well , wherever you go , but you want to be at home . " The two speak daily with Jim 's wife , a USAID employee on essential work in Cairo . She has told them things are still tense in the Egyptian capital -- there 's still the occasional gunfire ; roadblocks are still up ; people are hesitant to go far from their homes . But life is slowly returning to normal , with 70 percent of schools up and running , including Beverly 's school , Cairo American College , Dempsey says . Beverly 's room contains her most cherished mementos of the life she left behind : some stuffed animals , medals from her accomplishments as a swimmer , photos with her parents from their adventures in India and Ethiopia -- where they lived prior to Egypt . She also brought along a small statue of Ramses , the Egyptian pharaoh . "  I do n't have a lot of statues of things , and it was small but it also reminded me of the Great Pharaohs and how they lived through a lot of hard things , so I sort of related to them , " she says . She misses her friends , her teachers , and "  all these amazing sights that most people are n't able to see . " But most of all , she says , she misses her mother . "  It would have been easier for us all to adjust with my mom here because she sort of is the one who does a lot of things . She helps us shop , she helps us decorate ... and so cook . My dad 's not a very good cook . " Jim Dempsey says that , given the situation in Egypt , he hopes to return sometime in the next month . "  We 're kind of waiting , trying to figure out what to do in the meantime . My job is to work as a single parent and take my care of my daughter . " CNN 's Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	Jim Dempsey and daughter , Beverly , were forced to leave Egypt last month amid uprising His wife , a USAID employee , had to stay behind They 've been temporarily relocated to Virgina but now consider Egypt home "  I want to go back really badly , but that does n't mean I do n't like it here , " says Beverly , 10
CNN  -- A New York man who served nearly two decades in prison for killing his parents has settled his wrongful-imprisonment lawsuit against the state for more than $ 3 million . Martin Tankleff , 42 , served 17 years in state prison after being convicted in the September 1988 murder of his parents , Seymour and Arlene . An appellate court vacated his conviction in 2007 , with all charges against him dismissed the next year . The court ruled that he probably would not have been convicted if newly discovered evidence at the time had been presented at trial in 1990 . The $ 3,375,000 settlement resolves a claim brought by Tankleff in 2010 , Melissa Grace , a spokeswoman for New York Attorney General Eric Schneiderman , said Wednesday . In a statement released by Tankleff 's legal team , he expressed his satisfaction with the lawsuit . "  I 'd like to thank my family and friends who have stood by me for the past 25 years , " Tankleff said . Tankleff was 17 when his parents were found stabbed and bludgeoned to death in their Belle Terre home on the North Shore of suburban Long Island . When police arrived , Tankleff was questioned and told that his father had awakened from a coma and accused him of the crime . Suffolk County investigators , led by Detective K. James McCready , extracted a confession from Tankleff that was used to convict him . According to court documents , Tankleff "  repeatedly and consistently " told police that his father 's business partner , Jerard Steuerman , was responsible for the deaths . Steuerman owed Tankleff 's father a substantial amount of money and was the last of a half-dozen card players to leave a high-stakes card game at the Tankleffs ' home the night before the murder , according to documents filed when Tankleff was trying to get his conviction vacated . Steuerman maintained that he was not involved in the crime and dismissed the assertion as "  ridiculous . " "  If he did not do it , he deserves the three and a half million , " Steuerman said Wednesday . "  Let him use it in good health , and that 's all I have to say . " With the lawsuit against the state behind them , Tankleff and his legal team plan a lawsuit against Suffolk County and McCready , the former detective on his case . "  We have developed powerful new forensic evidence demonstrating Marty 's innocence and showing that his parents were murdered by assailants who acted with efficiency and brutality , " Barry Scheck , Tankleff 's attorney , said in a statement . Said Tankleff : "  I hope to expose the misconduct that caused my wrongful conviction so that it does not happen to anyone else . "	Martin Tankleff served 17 years for killing his parents He settled his wrongful-imprisonment lawsuit for $ 3.4 million Tanklett plans new suit against Suffolk County and ex-detective
CNN  -- One week ago , the chief of Pakistan 's Army Staff , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , told graduating cadets in the city of Abbottabad that the "  back of terrorism " in Pakistan had been broken , thanks to the sacrifices of Pakistan 's soldiers . Kayani was speaking at the "  passing out parade " at the prestigious Kakul military academy in Abbottabad , the West Point of Pakistan . At that very moment , the man who had dragged Pakistan into the "  War on Terror " a decade earlier was , it transpires , just a mile or two away , living in apparent comfort behind the high walls of a very private compound . Osama bin Laden , who had declared war on Pakistan , had apparently been living for months in a city that had made its name as a military garrison . Abbottabad , pronounced AHB-tah-bahd , is some 60 miles by winding mountainous roads north of Pakistan 's capital . Surrounded by green hills , it is renowned for its trees and parks . It 's a popular retirement place for officers in the Pakistani army , partly because of its military academy , but also because of its agreeable climate . During British rule , the Imperial Gazeteer of India described it as "  picturesquely situated , " 4,120 feet above sea level . Abbottabad sits on the Karakoram Highway , an engineering marvel that links Pakistan with China through the Himalayas . Before much of Pakistan became off-limits to most foreign tourists , it was also a popular spot for those on their way to and from the Swat valley and the foothills of the Himalayas . But despite its military traditions , its hockey fields and golf courses , Abbottabad and neighboring districts are also familiar territory to al Qaeda and other extremist groups . In January this year , Pakistani security forces stormed a modest house in the city and seized Umar Patek , an Indonesian linked to al Qaeda who had a $ 1 million bounty on his head under the FBI 's Rewards for Justice program . He had allegedly helped build the bombs used in the 2002 bombings in Bali that killed 200 people . Patek -- a key leader in the Indonesian terrorist group Jemaah Islamiya -- had rented a room in the house of a retired accountant in Abbottabad after arriving in Pakistan some months earlier on a forged visa . He is now being held  after treatment for gunshot wounds sustained during his arrest  pending a decision on his extradition . Patek 's arrest followed that of a Pakistani in Abbottabad called Tahir Shehzad , an alleged al Qaeda facilitator who had been under surveillance for some time , according to Pakistani media reports . Shehzad had allegedly gone to Lahore to meet two French militants who were planning to travel to North Waziristan with Patek . So Abbottabad emerges as something of a way station for al Qaeda and associated groups . Geographically , that makes sense . As the crow flies , the city is just over 100 miles from the border with Kunar province in Afghanistan , an area where al Qaeda has kept a foothold since 9/11 . Even with poor roads and mountainous terrain in between , the journey can be completed in a day . It is even closer to the restive tribal territories . In the past two years , the Pakistani army in this area has been preoccupied with reversing the gains of the Pakistani Taliban , rather than chasing down the remnants of al Qaeda or launching the offensive against militants in North Waziristan that Washington has long demanded . The area to the north of Abbottabad saw a surge in Taliban activity two years ago , as the Taliban sought to extend their influence from the tribal areas that border Afghanistan into what was North West Frontier Province , now called Khyber Pakhtunkhwa . The town of Buner , just 30 miles from Abbottabad and 60 miles from Islamabad , fell to the Taliban early in 2009 . They also established a training camp close to the town of Mansehr , a few miles from Abbottabad . The Pakistani military has since gradually reasserted control over the area , expelling the Taliban from the Swat Valley , but at a bloody cost . Clashes continue sporadically in the area , and an attack on the offices of the charity World Vision last year in Mansehr resulted in six of the non-governmental organization 's workers being shot dead . To the east of Abbottabad is Pakistani Kashmir , its forested hills hosting training camps for several groups committed to "  liberating " Indian Kashmir . So it is a city close to the front lines of several of South Asia 's insurgencies and terror campaigns . Like much of the region , Abbottabad has long been a theater of sectarian and religious rivalry . Back in the mid-19th century a British officer named Maj. James Abbott brought peace to an area that saw violent confrontations between its Sikh and Muslim populations . Abbott 's contribution was recognized when the town was named after him . He even wrote a poem about the place that would bear his name : "  I remember the day when I first came here And smelt the sweet Abbottabad air ... "	Abbottabad is home to Pakistan 's equivalent of West Point It is on a key road , and is something of a way station for terrorist groups Other wanted terrorist leaders have been found in the city
CNN  -- Inspectors found mildew on a ceiling and other problems last year at a peanut butter producing plant in Georgia that has been linked to a salmonella outbreak , according to reports released Monday by the state Department of Agriculture . A salmonella outbreak linked to a peanut butter plant has sickened nearly 500 people , the CDC says . But the owner of the Blakely , Georgia , plant -- Virginia-based Peanut Corp. of America -- described the problems as "  relatively minor and for the most part corrected on site . " PCA this month stopped production at the Blakely plant and launched a nationwide recall of peanut butter and peanut paste made there after July 1 , 2008 . The New York Times reported Monday that Georgia agriculture inspection reports from 2006 and 2007 depicted a series of sanitation lapses in the Blakely plant . Citing an inspection report from August 23 , 2007 , the Times noted at least three incidences in which "  food-contact surfaces " were "  not properly cleaned and sanitized . " In an apparent response to the Times article , PCA released a statement saying , "  When the observations were noted during inspections by the Georgia Department of Agriculture , corrective action was taken immediately where possible and subsequently when immediate action was not possible . " The statement , which PCA sent to CNN accompanied by a copy of a state inspection report from last October , said "  the most recent inspection observations by the state -LSB- the October inspection report -RSB- were relatively minor and for the most part corrected on site . " In the October 23 , 2008 report , an inspector said she found "  mildew and possibly some static dust on ceiling of butter storage room . " The report did not specify the amount of mildew . The report continued with the notation , "  Correct By : 11/05/2008 , " but the report did not indicate whether any action was taken or whether a follow-up inspection occurred . Moisture was blamed for an unrelated salmonella outbreak two years ago . That outbreak was traced to a different Georgia peanut processing plant . A June 2008 inspection of PCA 's Blakely plant found violations including dust buildup on a fan in the butter room , and "  possible metal flakes from metal scrubber which is used to clean outside of equipment , " according to an inspection report . The report did not indicate where the flakes were found . PCA has said that the peanut butter and peanut paste made at the Blakely plant were sold in bulk to manufacturers , and that the recall does not involve any peanut butter jars sold directly to consumers . However , more than 125 products that include peanut butter or peanut paste , including Trader Joe 's celery with peanut butter packs and nutrition bars from Clif Bar , NutriSystem and Luna , have been recalled in connection with the PCA 's recall . See a list of recalled products The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has counted nearly 500 cases of salmonella illnesses in 43 states from the most recent outbreak , and says the bacterial infection might have contributed to seven deaths . The American Peanut Council has a list of peanut products that are not affected by the recall .	Inspectors : Plant linked to salmonella outbreak had mildew , other problems last year New York Times : Earlier inspections found sanitation lapses at plant Outbreak has led to nearly 500 salmonella illnesses , CDC says Products made with Georgia plant 's peanut butter recalled this month
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. investigation into the controversial fatal shooting of a 15-year-old Mexican boy by a U.S. Border Patrol agent has been closed without prosecution because of "  insufficient evidence to pursue federal criminal charges , " the Justice Department announced Friday . The decision was immediately denounced by the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs . Mexico said it "  deeply regrets and strongly rejects the decision by the Department of Justice . " The Mexican Embassy said it was sending a note of protest to the U.S. government to underscore its concern . The incident on the border in June 2010 had prompted criticism by the parents of Sergio Hernandez-Guereca . The family and supporters filed suit against the U.S. government , but the complaint was thrown out by a U.S. judge in August . The court , however , allowed the family to pursue possible charges against the agent , Jesus Mesa Jr. . In its decision announced Friday , the Justice Department and the U.S. attorney for western Texas said their investigation showed that Hernandez and others threw rocks at close range at the agent , who was attempting to detain a suspect in a human-smuggling operation at the border . The Civil Rights Division said there was no evidence that the agent had "  deliberate and specific intent " to deprive Hernandez of his civil rights . Officials said they had reviewed both "  civilian and surveillance " video in their investigation but did not comment other than to say the evidence was not sufficient to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the agent violated federal homicide laws . At the time of the shooting , the Mexican government said it appeared to be an excessive response to the rock throwing . On Friday , Mexico said efforts against Mesa will continue in U.S. civil courts and in Mexican courts . Hernandez 's parents said he was a straight-A student , but U.S. authorities described him as a repeat juvenile offender who had a history of ties to human smuggling .	The decision was denounced by the Mexican Ministry of Foreign Affairs Family 's lawsuit against the U.S. government was thrown out last year DoJ says investigation did n't find evidence to pursue charges against agent
CNN  -- Even the most sordid situations can have a silver lining . The Michael Jackson-Conrad Murray relationship may serve as a cautionary tale for any health care provider who works with celebrities . Regardless of whether you agree with the verdict on Murray , who was found guilty of involuntary manslaughter Monday in Jackson 's death , there is little doubt that what served as "  health care " for Jackson would hardly meet quality standards , and some would characterize it as drug dealing . That all sorts of boundaries between patient and physician were crossed can hardly be disputed . What is it about caring for celebrities that causes professionals to lower their standards and often enable unhealthy behaviors ? There are several factors : -- Health care providers are no different from anyone else . We live in a celebrity culture where the well-known are held in high regard , regardless of the nature of their talents . While often the interest is prurient , the curiosity surrounding these individuals can cause otherwise normal acting professionals to act in an unprofessional manner . -- Celebrities are often narcissistic , demanding people who may make unreasonable demands on providers who may be intimidated or in awe of them . -- Incurring the favoritism of a celebrity can increase the profile of a health care provider , leading to more "  business " and more celebrity interactions from the friends and family of the celebrity . -- The world that celebrities live in scarcely resembles the world most of us inhabit . They have private jets , personal shoppers , instant gratification for every need and the adoration of the public . It is hard not to be seduced by this "  Alice in Wonderland " world . Many providers are thrilled to be included in the celebrity posse . -- Quite simply , celebrities can offer money to those who can meet their demands , however unreasonable . -- Which one of us would not want to be a fly on the wall witnessing the public adoration and posh lifestyle of the rich and famous ? Reality shows are hugely popular just for this reason  along with their train wreck appeal  . Becoming a contracted health care provider , such as Murray was for Jackson , allows the provider to accompany the celebrity on this magic carpet ride . Until the carpet crashes . -- It is hard to say "  No " to a celebrity who has never been denied . Most health professionals would swear they do not alter their standard of care for "  special " patients and insist they treat all patients the same , without regard to status . In the main , I would agree this is the case . However , I have noticed in many different health care settings that when a celebrity is involved , waiting times are shortened , scarce specialty appointments are miraculously found , staff is just a little more polite and solicitous , and the entire unwieldy health care process is a little more user friendly . The wheels get greased . There are practical reasons for a health care institution to go out of its way for a celebrity : It is good public relations . Celebrity endorsement of a doctor or hospital can help with image , fundraising and standing in the community . With the strict Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act guidelines protecting patient privacy , the public should never be aware of which doctor or institution is caring for a patient . However , the celebrity may choose to reveal this information out of gratitude . Celebrities can be wonderful partners in raising awareness for a disease or condition . Many choose to lend their drawing power to fundraising galas for disease research . There is , however , a clear line between facilitating a specialty visit for a celebrity and prescribing large amounts of unwarranted painkillers or sleeping medications . The boundary violations seen in Murray 's case are so egregious that it boggles the mind . Very few providers have succumbed to celebrity neediness to this extent . A good outcome from this tragic tale would be a reminder to all care providers not to be seduced by the promise of entrÃ © e into the world of the rich and famous . Maintaining the same standard of care and caring for all patients , regardless of stature in life , is something we all profess but may need to be reminded to uphold . Celebrities should not get less care or more care or different care or even , heaven forbid , the crazy , diabolical pimping that goes on in these selective circles . Being an enabler for a celebrity , whether it be "  overcare , " extortionist care  $ 100,000 a month ?  or drug dealing is wrong . Hopefully , this Jackson-Murray chapter is closed ; the cautionary tale has been written . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Victoria McEvoy .	Victoria McEvoy says Murray verdict a cautionary tale for docs who work with celebrities She asks : Why does dealing with celebrities make doctors lower standards ? She says doctors dazzled by glamor , money , access , like everyone else McEvoy : Being an enabler for a celeb is wrong ; hopefully case is reminder of dangers
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Navy has moved the guided-missile destroyer USS Cole and other ships to the eastern Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon , Pentagon officials said Thursday . A file image of the USS Cole , which the U.S. Navy moved to the Mediterranean Sea off Lebanon . The deployment comes amid a political standoff over Lebanon 's presidency , but the Navy would not say whether the events are linked . "  It 's a group of ships that will operate in the vicinity for a while and as the ships in our Navy do , the presence is important , " Adm. Mike Mullen , the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said Thursday . "  It is n't meant to send any stronger signal than that , " he said . "  But it does signal that we 're engaged and we are going to be in the vicinity , and that 's a very important part of the world . " The Cole was badly damaged by an al Qaeda bombing during a port call in Yemen in 2000 , killing 17 sailors . It returned to service in 2002 . The destroyer and two support ships are close to Lebanon but out of visual range of the coast , Pentagon officials said . Another six vessels , led by the amphibious assault ship USS Nassau , are close to Italy and steaming toward the other three , the officials said . Mullen would not say whether the deployment has anything to do with the upcoming Lebanese parliamentary vote on a new president , which was postponed for a 15th time earlier this week . But he said the vote was "  important , " and Washington was waiting for it to take place . And a Bush administration official told CNN the decision to move ships to the region was a message to neighboringSyria that "  the U.S. is concerned about the situation in Lebanon , and we want to see the situation resolved . " "  We are sending a clear message for the need for stability , " said the official , who was not authorized to speak for publication . The ships "  should be there a while , " the official added . Lebanon 's pro-Western majority in parliament and the pro-Syrian opposition have battled for power over the last three years . The country has been without a president since November , when pro-Syrian leader Emile Lahoud 's term expired and parliament was unable to agree on a replacement . Despite general agreement among the factions to award the post to army chief Gen. Michel Suleiman , disagreements over how to share power in a future Cabinet have kept the issue from coming up for a vote . Parliament speaker Nabih Berri 's office announced Tuesday that the next planned session has been pushed back to March 11 . Berri 's office said the Arab League needed more time to break the deadlock . Lebanon has been wracked by a sometimes-violent power struggle since the 2005 assassination of former Prime Minister Rafik Hariri , whose supporters blamed Damascus for his killing . The resulting outcry eventually drove Syrian forces out of Lebanon , where they had been stationed since the 1970s . E-mail to a friend CNN Correspondent Zain Verjee contributed to this report .	U.S. Navy makes move amid a political standoff over Lebanon 's presidency The presence is important , " says chairman of Joint Chiefs of Staff Lebanon 's pro-Western majority in parliament struggles with pro-Syrian opposition
CNN  -- Two bodies found this week in Oklahoma are those of a murder suspect and his slain wife 's missing 7-year-old daughter , authorities said Wednesday . The bodies have been identified as Lester William Hobbs , 46 , and Aja Daniell Johnson , authorities said at a Wednesday news conference . The cause and manner of death are still under investigation . Authorities had been searching for Hobbs and the girl since late January , when Aja 's mother , Tonya -- Hobbs ' estranged wife -- was found dead inside an RV in Geronimo , Oklahoma . On January 26 , two days after the body was found , Hobbs was charged with first-degree murder in the killing , and with kidnapping in Aja 's disappearance , according to the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation . Authorities launched a manhunt for Hobbs , saying that he took the girl in a white 1992 Toyota Paseo . On Monday , the two bodies and the car were discovered in a heavily wooded area of Norman , which is outside Oklahoma City , said Jessica Brown , spokeswoman for the Oklahoma Bureau of Investigation . The city is about 80 miles north of Geronimo . The car had been left in the woods for several weeks , possibly a month , Brown said . Cherokee Ballard , a spokeswoman for the Oklahoma state medical examiner 's office , said Wednesday that the office used fingerprints to identify Hobbs and dental records to identify Aja . Richard Goss , an agent with the Oklahoma State Bureau of Investigation , said authorities would be investigating whether anyone had harbored Hobbs . The girl 's biological father was awarded emergency custody of her in November , according to Oklahoma County District Court documents obtained by CNN affiliate KWTV of Oklahoma City . At a hearing , Tonya Hobbs -- identified as Tonya Dunkin in the documents -- and the girl 's father , John Johnson , agreed that she would have supervised visitation with the girl and that she would keep the child away from Hobbs , the documents said .	Bodies of Aja Daniell Johnson , 7 , and man suspected of killing her mother are identified Aja 's mother , Tonya Hobbs , was found dead in late January Her estranged husband was suspected in her killing and Aja 's disappearance Court had awarded emergency custody of Aja to her biological father in November
CNN  -- The one question we all desperately want answered may have gone to the grave with Aaron Alexis : Why ? Why did he park at the Washington Navy Yard on Monday , walk into Building 197 , perch himself on an overlook above the atrium and open fire ? The bullets that rained down killed 12 people and wounded eight others . Why ? But that 's not the only missing puzzle piece . Investigators are painstakingly trying to piece together the motive , the means and the method . "  No piece of information is too small , " says Valerie Parlave of the FBI . "  We are looking to learn everything we can about his recent movements , his contacts and associates . " For now , here 's what we know and what we do n't know . What is security like at the Navy Yard ? THE MOTIVE What we know : Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid may have said it best Tuesday when he told colleagues that "  there is no explanation for the violence . " So far , investigators have n't offered any clue as to what motivated Alexis to kill . Friends say he had been frustrated over pay and benefits issues from a previous contracting job , and federal law enforcement sources said he may have contacted Veterans Affairs hospitals for possible treatment of psychological issues . But so far , investigators have n't said if either of those issues contributed to the attack . What we do n't know : What he might have left behind in his Washington hotel room , either in writing or on any computers FBI agents may have found while searching the room . Terrorism has n't been ruled out but seems unlikely , according to Washington Mayor Vincent Gray . THE SHOOTER What we know : Throughout the day , authorities said they were looking for a second man . But by nightfall , they said they were "  confident " that Alexis was the lone gunman . "  We have exhausted all means to eliminate that possible last suspect , " said Metropolitan Police Chief Cathy Lanier . "  So we do now feel comfortable that we have the single and sole person responsible for the loss of life inside of the base . " On Tuesday , Parlave , the assistant director in charge of the FBI 's Washington field office , underscored that , telling reporters it 's believed that Alexis acted alone . What we do n't know : While authorities have stated they do n't think anyone else besides Alexis opened fire at the Navy Yard , that does n't mean others did n't help him or know about the plot . Alexis arrived in Washington on or around August 25 , staying in hotels in the capital ever since , said Parlave . Shawn Henry , a former executive assistant director of the FBI , said he believed authorities will be talking to people Alexis has known for years -- including those he went to school with and served in the Navy with -- as well as looking at things like bank and cell phone records . THE VICTIMS What we know : We now have all the names of 12 victims . They range in age from 46 to 73 . Another eight people are recovering from wounds inflicted in the shooting , including three at MedStar Washington Hospital Center . Washington Mayor Vincent Gray said many of the victims gunned down in the Navy Yard 's Building 197 were eating breakfast when Alexis shot at them from above . What we do n't know : We have yet to find out more about many of the victims , such as what they did at the Navy Yard , where they were at the time of the shooting , etc. . Victims from Navy Yard shooting identified THE END What we know : Washington Police Chief Cathy Lanier said Tuesday that Alexis had "  multiple contacts " with officers from several agencies during the shooting spree . The ordeal ended when Washington police Officer Scott Williams fatally shot Alexis , 34 , Mayor Vincent Gray told CNN . What we do n't know : Exactly how Alexis died , beyond the fact it happened after 30 minutes of gunfire , according to Gray . HIS HISTORY What we know : He left New York after apparently helping rescue efforts at the site of the World Trade Center after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , according according to a source with direct knowledge of the investigation . His father told Seattle police after a 2004 arrest that Alexis was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder related to that experience . He had served in the Navy , but officials moved to discharge him in 2010 over a pattern of misconduct that included insubordination , unauthorized absences and other infractions , according to a U.S. defense official . It was n't enough for a general discharge , so Navy officials decided to grant him an honorable discharge , the official said . As a contractor , he worked in information technology , had medium security clearance , high enough to work at multiple Navy offices over the summer . He had an ID badge to enter the Navy Yard . His employer says the shooter jumped through all the right hoops . "  Alexis had a security clearance that was updated in July , approved by military security service personnel , " said Thomas Hoshko , CEO at The Experts . "  There is nothing that came up in all the searches . " He appeared to become increasingly troubled in recent years , according to the source with direct knowledge of the investigation . He was hearing voices and having problems sleeping , the source said . He was growing increasingly troubled and in recent months had exhibited signs of mental problems , according to the source . Based on family accounts , it appears Alexis "  basically snapped , " the source said . On August 7 , police in Newport , Rhode Island , investigating a harassment complaint at a Marriott hotel encountered Alexis . He told them that an individual "  had sent three people to follow him and to talk , keep him awake and send vibrations into his body , " according to a police report . These individuals , Alexis police , had followed him to three hotels in the area -- including talking to him through walls and the floor and using "  some sort of machine " to send vibrations through the ceiling that prevented him from falling asleep . Police subsequently notified officials at a Navy base in Newport , the police report stated . Officials at Naval Station Newport referred CNN to the FBI on Tuesday when asked about the incident , and the FBI subsequently had no comment on the August police report . What we do n't know : How he was able to get a security clearance with such a spotty background . Former Navy SEAL Cade Courtley says a poor or incomplete background check is to blame . "  Most people , when they get into that , they are given an interim clearance , and that means that the background check has n't been done but it 's in the process of being done , " Courtley said . "  He may have started out with an interim clearance and a background check should have been done . " The former SEAL says just running Alexis ' fingerprints would have turned up his arrest record . In Seattle , he fired several shots into the tires of a car during an altercation over construction near where he lived in 2004 . There was also a weapons incident in Texas in 2010 . Who was accused Navy Yard gunman Aaron Alexis ? SECURITY AT THE YARD What we know : Alexis drove onto the grounds of Navy Yard on Monday morning with a shotgun , according to federal law enforcement sources with detailed knowledge of the investigation . He proceeded into Building 197 and opened fire . He had access to the Navy Yard because of his contracting work , and he used a valid pass to gain entry . City police were the first law enforcement personnel on site within eight minutes of when the first shots rang out , according to Gray , and they were joined soon by SWAT team members . Washington Police Chief Cathy Lanier said there 's "  no doubt in mind " that law enforcement officers response to the shooting "  saved numerous lives . " What we do n't know : Even to drive or walk onto the base , a person would be required to present credentials , said Navy Capt. Mark Vandroff . Building 197 has armed security at the door . How did he get the guns past them ? Did cost-cutting compromise Navy security ? Rep. Mike Turner , an Ohio Republican and a member of the Armed Forces Committee , thinks so . He wants a congressional briefing from the Pentagon inspector general on a Navy security audit that he says was released after Monday 's shooting . "  It is my understanding that the IG report indicates the Navy may have implemented an unproven system in order to cut costs , " Turner said . "  I also learned that potentially numerous felons may have been able to gain restricted access to several military installations across the country due to insufficient background checks , increasing the risk to our military personnel and civilian employees . " Audit reports Navy risked security to cut costs , says source HIS WEAPONS What we know : Federal law enforcement sources say authorities have recovered three weapons from the scene of the mass shooting , including one -- a shotgun -- that investigators believe he brought in to the compound . The other two weapons -- handguns -- the sources say , may have been taken from guards . What we do n't know : The sources , who have detailed knowledge of the investigation , cautioned that initial investigation information that an AR-15 rifle was used may have been incorrect . It is believed that Alexis had rented an AR-15 , but returned it before Monday morning 's shootings . On Sunday , Alexis purchased a Remington 870 shotgun and a small amount of ammunition at Sharpshooters Small Arms Range in northern Virginia , the store 's attorney , J. Michael Slocum , said . Alexis spent "  a couple hours " there , including at its practice range , the lawyer added . In according with federal law , Alexis name and other applicable information was provided to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System and he was approved to purchase the gun , according to Slocum . Alexis had the proper credentials to get into the Navy Yard , said Washington 's mayor . But Gray added that it was unclear how he got the shotgun past security . Parlave , from the FBI , said Tuesday that Alexis may have gotten hold of the handguns after he got into the military facility . GUN DEBATE What we know : The incident will certainly rev up the often explosive debate over gun control . But initial reports show Alexis obtained his primary weapon legally . What we do n't know : Will the shooting at Navy Yard change the political landscape ? High-profile shootings over the last several years have done little to move the needle in Washington . President Barack Obama pushed for universal background checks and other directives after the the Newtown , Connecticut , shootings , to cut down on the access Americans would have to firearms , but they never gained traction . At the state level , it 's been a similar story . The successful recall elections last week of two Colorado lawmakers who backed new gun restrictions sent a shiver through the gun control lobby .	NEW : It 's unclear how Alexis got a shotgun past security NEW : A Washington police officer ended the 30-minute spree by killing Alexis , mayor says Alexis had issues in the Navy and with police , but still had security clearance Authorities do n't know his motive , and friends say they 're surprised by attack
San Francisco  CNN  -- A federal appeals court ruled against California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage Tuesday , arguing the ban unconstitutionally singles out gays and lesbians for discrimination . In a split decision , a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the state 's Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage in violation of the 14th Amendment . "  Very soon , Proposition 8 will be gone forever , " said Kristin Perry , one of two women who challenged the ban in federal courts along with a male same-sex couple . "  Today marks the culmination of what has been a transformational year . " Toobin : What does ruling mean ? Supporters of Proposition 8 , which passed with 52 % of the vote in 2008 , said they were willing to take the issue all the way to the U.S. Supreme Court . And a stay halting same-sex marriages remains in place as the appeals continue . Lea este artÃculo en espaÃ ± ol/Read this article in Spanish The Alliance Defense Fund , a conservative Christian legal foundation that backed Proposition 8 , said it was not surprised that "  this Hollywood-orchestrated attack on marriage -- tried in San Francisco -- turned out this way . " But it said it was confident the Supreme Court would uphold "  the expressed will of the American people . " "  No court should undercut the democratic process by taking the power to preserve marriage out of the hands of the people , " it said . Nevertheless , supporters of same-sex marriages cheered the decision when it was announced in San Francisco on Tuesday morning . "  For me , it 's a beautiful day , " same-sex marriage activist Billy Bradford said . "  But it 's a great day for the Constitution . " Perry and her partner , Sandra Stier , are raising twin boys who will be ready to attend college next year . One of the boys , Spencer Perry , said he lived "  in a home with a lot of love , " but added , "  Proposition 8 has done a really , really good job of trying to tear that love apart . " "  We can see a light at the end of the tunnel , " Spencer Perry added . Tuesday 's ruling affirms a 2010 decision by a U.S. district judge in San Francisco . In the majority opinion , Circuit Judges Stephen Reinhardt and Michael Daly Hawkins noted that they were speaking only to Proposition 8 , and that other states would have to decide the issue of marriage themselves . "  For now , it suffices to conclude that the people of California may not , consistent with the federal Constitution , add to their state constitution a provision that has no more practical effect than to strip gays and lesbians of the right to use the official designation that the state and society give to committed relationships , thereby adversely affecting the status and dignity of the members of a disfavored class , " the opinion states . In a part-concurring , part-dissenting opinion , Circuit Judge N. Randy Smith said he was n't sure Proposition 8 "  lacks a rational relationship to legitimate state interests " in terms of raising children . Previous rulings show an argument for "  extreme judicial restraint " in such cases , he wrote . California 's Supreme Court ruled same-sex marriages were legal in California in 2008 , before Proposition 8 went before voters . Its passage put an end to the practice . The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , which came under fire for its strong support of the referendum , said through a spokesman that it "  regrets " the ruling . "  California voters have twice determined in a general election that marriage should be recognized as only between a man and a woman . We have always had that view , " Scott Trotter , a spokesman for Utah-based Mormon church , said in a written statement . But Trotter added that the church wants "  people on all sides of this issue to act in a spirit of mutual respect and civility toward those with a different opinion . " Opponents of same-sex marriage point out that they have won votes in every state where the issue has been on the ballot . But a CNN/ORC International Poll n September found that public opinion has shifted nationwide since 2009 , with 53 % now saying same-sex marriages should be recognized as valid and 46 % opposed . CNN legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin said Tuesday 's decision appears to be tailored narrowly to California . That might be an advantage when the Supreme Court considers any appeal , since the justices might decide against taking a case that has no impact beyond the state . "  This might well be the last word on the case , " Toobin said . California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom , who had allowed same-sex marriages when he was mayor of San Francisco in 2004 , called it "  a historic milestone towards equality for all Americans . " "  This is the biggest step that the American judicial system has taken to end the grievous discrimination against men and women in same-sex relationships and should be highly praised , " Newsom said in a written statement . Six states grant same-sex marriage licenses : New York , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont and New Hampshire . The District of Columbia also does . Five additional states recognize civil unions , providing state-level spousal rights to same-sex couples . They are Hawaii , Delaware , New Jersey , Illinois and Rhode Island . Tuesday 's decision also rejected arguments by supporters of the ban that now-retired federal judge Vaughn Walker should have stepped aside and let another judge hear the case . Walker found Proposition 8 unconstitutional in 2010 , and disclosed after his retirement that he is gay and in a long-term relationship , leading Proposition 8 advocates to argue he should not have heard the case . CNN 's Dan Simon , Bill Mears and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Very soon , Proposition 8 will be gone forever , " one of the plaintiffs says NEW : The Mormon church says it "  regrets " Tuesday 's ruling Proposition 8 supporters say they 'll appeal , and a stay remains in place The narrowly written decision may be "  the last word " on California , Toobin says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Science fiction author Ray Bradbury , whose imagination yielded classic books such as "  Fahrenheit 451 , " "  The Martian Chronicles " and "  Something Wicked This Way Comes , " has died at 91 , his publisher said Wednesday . Bradbury was a writer of perils , possibilities and wonder Bradbury "  died peacefully , last night , in Los Angeles , after a lengthy illness , " HarperCollins said in a written statement . Bradbury 's books and 600 short stories predicted a variety of things , including the emergence of ATMs and live broadcasts of fugitive car chases . Sci-fi legend Ray Bradbury on God , ` monsters and angels ' "  In a career spanning more than 70 years , Ray Bradbury has inspired generations of readers to dream , think and create , " the statement said . "  A prolific author of hundreds of short stories and close to 50 books , as well as numerous poems , essays , operas , plays , teleplays and screenplays , Bradbury was one of the most celebrated writers of our time . " Overheard on CNN.com : Ray Bradbury was ` very down to Earth , ' or maybe Mars Bradbury wrote the screenplay for John Huston 's classic film adaptation of "  Moby Dick . " He adapted 65 of his stories for television 's "  The Ray Bradbury Theater " and won an Emmy for his teleplay of "  The Halloween Tree . " Top five Bradbury films "  In my later years I have looked in the mirror each day and found a happy person staring back . " he wrote in a book of essays published in 2005 . "  Occasionally I wonder why I can be so happy . The answer is that every day of my life I 've worked only for myself and for the joy that comes from writing and creating . The image in my mirror is not optimistic , but the result of optimal behavior . " Favorite quotes from Bradbury 's ` Fahrenheit 451 ' Bradbury 's death brought immediate reaction from his literary and film peers , as well as the White House . "  For many Americans , the news of Ray Bradbury 's death immediately brought to mind images from his work , imprinted in our minds , often from a young age , " President Obama said . "  His gift for storytelling reshaped our culture and expanded our world . But Ray also understood that our imaginations could be used as a tool for better understanding , a vehicle for change , and an expression of our most cherished values . There is no doubt that Ray will continue to inspire many more generations with his writing , and our thoughts and prayers are with his family and friends . " "  He was my muse for the better part of my sci-fi career , " director Steven Spielberg said . "  He lives on through his legion of fans . In the world of science fiction and fantasy and imagination he is immortal . " My last conversation with Ray Bradbury "  Ray Bradbury wrote three great novels and 300 great stories , " author Stephen King said . "  One of the latter was called ' A Sound of Thunder . ' The sound I hear today is the thunder of a giant 's footsteps fading away . But the novels and stories remain , in all their resonance and strange beauty . " Bradbury received the 2000 National Book Foundation Medal for Distinguished Contribution to American Letters , the 2004 National Medal of Arts and a 2007 Pulitzer Prize Special Citation . Bradbury had lived in Los Angeles since his family moved there from his native Waukegan , Illinois , to look for work during the Great Depression . He is survived by his four daughters , Susan Nixon , Ramona Ostergren , Bettina Karapetian and Alexandra Bradbury , and eight grandchildren . His wife of 57 years , Marguerite , died in 2003 . Rainn Wilson , others tweet tributes to Bradbury The biography released by his publisher quoted a story in which Bradbury recounted meeting a carnival magician , Mr. Electrico , in 1932 . Electrico touched the 12-year-old Bradbury with his sword and commanded , "  Live forever ! " "  I decided that was the greatest idea I had ever heard , " Bradbury said . "  I started writing every day . I never stopped . " Sam Weller , Bradbury 's biographer and friend , said in a posting on his website Wednesday , "  I 'll never see you again . I 'll never see you again . I 'll never see you again . "  The problem with death , you once said to me , is that ` it is so damned permanent , ' " Weller 's statement said . Weller , in one of his books about Bradbury , quoted him as saying he would sometimes open one of his books late at night and cry out thanks to God . "  I sit there and cry because I have n't done any of this , " he told Weller . "  It 's a God-given thing , and I 'm so grateful , so , so grateful . The best description of my career as a writer is , ` At play in the fields of the Lord . ' " He discussed how many of his best friends were no longer around . "  My personal telephone book is a book of the dead now , " Bradbury told Weller in his book of interviews . "  I 'm so old . Almost all of my friends have died , and I do n't have the guts to take their names out of the book . " Did Ray Bradbury have an influence on your life ? Share with us on CNN iReport ! CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	"  I started writing every day . I never stopped , " Bradbury once said The writer "  died peacefully ... in Los Angeles , after a lengthy illness , " his publisher says Bradbury "  inspired generations of readers to dream , think and create , " HarperCollins says His stories predicted ATMs and live car chase broadcasts
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani Supreme Court on Thursday convicted Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani of contempt of court but gave him just a symbolic sentence that will not require him to serve time in prison . The court found Gilani guilty of the contempt charge after his repeated refusals to ask Swiss authorities to revive old corruption charges against the country 's president , Asif Ali Zardari . That makes him the first sitting Pakistani prime minister to be convicted of a crime . But the court sentenced him only for the duration of the hearing , which lasted several minutes . He could have faced as much as six months in jail . An opposition leader said Gilani should resign following the guilty verdict , but members of the prime minister 's cabinet insisted he would continue in his role and appeal the decision . The conviction means Gilani could be disqualified as prime minister , but that 's a process that could take up to four months . "  I think that after the conviction the prime minister should immediately step down from his post , " Nawaz Sharif , a prominent opposition leader , said on Geo TV . By remaining in power , Gilani risks harming the credibility of parliament , Sharif said . But members of Gilani 's government criticized the court 's decision as being politically motivated . "  The verdict is unconstitutional and immoral , " Nazar Muhammad Gondal , the federal minister for capital administration and development , said on Express News , a local channel . "  The prime minister has the confidence of the parliament , so he will continue as the prime minister , " he said . Imtiaz Safdar Warraich , the deputy interior minister , said the government planned to appeal against the verdict . Gilani was convicted for "  willful flouting , disregard and disobedience of this court 's direction , " said Justice Nasir ul-Mulk as he read out the decision . The judge said that "  the contempt committed by him is substantially detrimental to the administration of justice and tends to bring this court and the judiciary of this country into ridicule . " Gilani 's lawyers argued that the prime minister had not followed the court 's order to press for the reopening of the charges because Zardari enjoys immunity in Pakistan and abroad as a president in office . Most observers had expected that a conviction would come without a prison sentence . "  They donÂ ¹ t want to make a spectacle out of it , " the columnist and analyst Muhammad Malick said earlier this week . "  A prison sentence would create an unnecessary political drama . " "  Time in prison would create a wave of sympathy for the prime minister , and that 's something the judges do n't want to see , " said author and political analyst Imtiaz Gul . This is not the first time Gilani has fallen foul of Pakistan 's legal system . He served more than five years in prison between 2001 and 2006 on corruption charges brought by the previous military regime of Gen. Pervez Musharraf -- counts he said were also politically motivated . The corruption cases that the Supreme Court now wants reopened stem from money-laundering charges against Zardari and his late wife , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . A Swiss court convicted them in absentia in 2003 of laundering millions of dollars . After Musharraf granted a controversial amnesty in 2007 to Zardari , Bhutto , and thousands of other politicians and bureaucrats , Pakistan asked the Swiss authorities to drop the case . In 2009 , the Pakistani Supreme Court ruled the amnesty was unconstitutional and called on the government to take steps to have the cases reopened . The government did not do so , and the court lost patience . Since Gilani is the head of the government , the court justices view him as responsible . CNN 's Shaan Khan and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Opposition leader calls for the prime minister to resign Government ministers criticize the verdict as politically motivated The Supreme Court convicts Yousuf Raza Gilani of contempt But it gives him just a symbolic sentence with no jail time
CNN  -- He has the trademark brown uniform and the badge of a newly minted sheriff 's deputy . And he has his first order -- actually , his only order : get better . Wyatt Schmaltz is the new sheriff in town and he 's only 3 . On Wednesday , an Indiana sheriff and a state trooper visited Wyatt and bestowed him with the powers . It meant the world to Wyatt , who is being treated for stage 4 neuroblastoma at the Riley Hospital for Children in Indianapolis . The cancer attacks nerve tissue and is most common in young children . The boy has gone through months of treatment , he faces surgery for a tumor in his abdomen , and a stem cell transplant . But amid it all , he 's kept his joyful spirit . The Wednesday ceremony in his hospital room was meant to honor that . Huntington County Sheriff Terry Stoffel said Wyatt 's sheriff status is an official designation , not an honorary title . "  We have given Wyatt all the powers of a real sheriff deputy , which are to carry out the orders of the sheriff , " he said . "  Right now , his only orders are to get better . " Dr. Michele Saysana , a doctor at the hospital , said there were few dry eyes at the ceremony . "  Gestures like this really aid the healing process for our patients , " she said . And what were Wyatt 's first words after he was sworn in ? " "  What else do you have ? "	Wyatt is being treated for stage 4 cancer The ceremony was meant to honor his courage The sheriff 's deputy status is an official designation , not an honorary title
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Iran 's Islamic Revolutionary Guards Corps has taken command of Iranian naval operations in the Persian Gulf , the U.S. military has revealed . An Iranian sailor monitors a Revolutionary Guards missile test in the Persian Gulf in 2006 . That means U.S. naval forces are operating in the same waters as an organization the United States considers a major supporter of terrorist activity . Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , made the disclosure Wednesday at the Army War College in Carlisle , Pennsylvania , where he was answering questions from military students . Afterward , in a written statement , the U.S. Navy Fifth Fleet in Bahrain said , "  Based on activities observed in the Arabian Gulf over the past several months , it appears the Iranian navy has shifted its patrol areas to the Strait of Hormuz and Gulf of Oman -- leaving the IRGC navy to provide the primary Iranian naval presence in the Arabian Gulf . " The move is of concern to the U.S. Navy , which has long viewed the IRGC 's forces as more antagonistic than Iran 's regular navy . Mullen said Iran made a "  strategic decision " in recent months to "  essentially give the entire Gulf to the IRGC over the next four or five years . " "  That 's a big deal , because I think part of the leading-edge challenge with Iran is the IRGC specifically , " Mullen said . For the past several months , IRGC forces have occupied a sunken barge and crane near Iraqi oil terminals at the northern end of the Persian Gulf . The IRGC is using the site as an observation post for the area , which is patrolled regularly by U.S. and coalition naval forces . Mullen 's comments reflect the chairman 's concern about not just Iran 's nuclear program , but also its arms shipments to Iraq and Afghanistan and statements against Israel , a senior U.S. Navy official said . The United States has long said it believes the IRGC is behind those arms shipments , but it has stopped short of saying the central government of Iran is responsible for those actions . IRGC forces earlier this year seized a group of British sailors at the northern end of the Gulf and held them for several days . The British had been conducting a boarding of a merchant vessel , as part of an approved coalition operation in the Gulf . Since that incident , security measures for boarding parties have been stepped up , a senior U.S. Navy official said . New procedures during all boardings include flying an armed helicopter overhead and having an armed vessel close by . A U.S. Navy official in the region said that operations in proximity to Iran 's regular navy have been "  formal and correct , " but added that IRGC forces "  rarely respond " to U.S. Navy attempts at ship-to-ship communications with them . Several U.S. Navy officials said the move is militarily significant for the United States because of the IRGC 's terrorist affiliation . U.S. Navy ships would not want IRGC vessels sailing too close to them because of that concern , they said . One official said Iran 's regular naval forces evoke less concern because they "  represent a nation state . " The IRGC was formed in 1979 . Under Iran 's constitution , the corps ' task is to protect the revolution , which generally means that it makes sure that domestic forces do n't threaten the theocratic state , said analyst William Samii of the Center for Naval Analyses . The center is a government-funded think tank for the Department of the Navy in Alexandria , Virginia . In contrast , the conventional forces are tasked with protecting the country 's borders and guaranteeing its security . The naval move "  makes perfect sense , " Samii said in a telephone interview . In recent years , the Iranian military has recognized that , in a toe-to-toe fight with the U.S. military , "  they 'd get squashed , " Samii said . In response , it has been focusing more on alternative tactics , in which the Revolutionary Guards excel , such as setting mine fields and using large numbers of small boats either packed with explosives or manned by personnel carrying rocket-propelled grenade launchers . The thinking is that at least one would be able to get close enough to a large enemy military vessel to attack it , Samii said . "  Iran is trying to send a signal that it is ready for any military eventuality and that it is prepared to defend itself aggressively , " he said . But the move could backfire by driving Iran 's Gulf neighbors into the arms of the United States , which has guaranteed the security of Arab states in the Gulf for decades , Samii said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	Responsibility transferred to elite unit , Pentagon reveals U.S. considers IRGC more hostile than Iran 's regular navy U.S. believes IRGC is behind arms shipments to insurgents IRGC occupies sunken barge near Iraqi oil terminals
CNN  -- President Barack Obama is back in Washington after a three-day trip to Colorado and Texas that included fund-raising for his Democratic colleagues and meetings with governors and legislators and mayors and citizens . When asked why he did n't visit the border , the President responded  and please , fellow commentators , let 's get the quote and the context right  : " ... there 's nothing that is taking place down there that I am not intimately aware of and briefed on . This is n't theater . This is a problem . I 'm not interested in photo-ops ; I 'm interested in solving a problem . And ... the suggestions of those who work at the border , who visited the border , are incorporated in legislation -LSB- that I 've already sent to Congress -RSB- that we 're already prepared to sign the minute it hits my desk . " Context : There 's a time and place for photo-ops , and a time and a place to get things done . Hello , Congress ? This current immigration crisis is less about who these child refugees from the drug wars are , and more about who we are as a nation -- a nation of immigrants . As Americans , we are proud that we are a country that people run to , not from . Our national symbol is not a Border Patrol guard with a gun . It 's the Lady with the Lamp : "  Give me your tired , your poor , Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free , The wretched refuse of your teeming shore . Send these , the homeless , tempest-tost to me . " In 2008 , just before leaving office , President George W. Bush signed a law that Congress passed almost unanimously , requiring unaccompanied border-crossing minors from countries other than Canada and Mexico to have a fair hearing before an immigration judge . The American Civil Liberties Union and immigrant rights groups have filed a class-action lawsuit , trying to force the government to supply legal counsel for undocumented minors facing deportation . President Obama , rightly , is upholding the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act . His administration announced that it would prioritize the immigration cases of recent arrivals , particularly unaccompanied minors and families . The government will add and reassign immigration judges to focus on recently arrived children and families , whose cases would jump ahead of all the others in line . In addition , in a balanced approach , President Obama has asked for $ 3.7 billion to deal with the immediate crisis . Half the money will go to proper facilities for child refugees and more immigration judges . The other half will go to increased border security . Obama has a strong record on immigration enforcement , outdoing both Republican and Democratic predecessors . He has deported over 1 million immigrants , focusing on those with criminal records . As documented by many nonpartisan sources , by 2011 Obama had reduced illegal immigration crossings to net zero . He doubled the number of border guards from what they were in 2004 . Indeed , Obama 's Justice Department has been so aggressive in deportations , the City of Los Angeles refused to hold detainees past their release dates , as requested , citing constitutional protections . But Congress , rather than confront the immigration problem with a legislative solution or consider Obama 's request for emergency funds , has jumped headfirst into the photo-op rabbit hole . Sadly , unless Congress acts , we will likely send most of the children back -- back to the drug-fueled gang violence from which they fled . In his request for emergency funds , Obama recognizes the dangerous , abusive conditions these children face in their Central American countries . He has designated some of the money to Honduras , El Salvador and Guatemala , where most of the children come from , to crack down on gang violence and support tougher penalties on smugglers . Money will also go to build better holding facilities for children . Meanwhile , the Washington Post reports that human rights organizations filed a complaint for 100 refugee children , saying they were denied necessities , including diapers , were subjected to racial insults , and were confined in "  squalid " US detention centers . This "  do-nothing " Congress needs to do something . These are children we 're talking about . Congressional opposition to immigration reform or emergency funds does n't stem from any philosophical objections or differences of principle . It stems from a calculated , petty , selfish rejection of anything Obama proposes . Four years ago , the President remarked , "  If I said the sky was blue , they 'd say no . If I said fish live in the sea , they 'd say no . " It 's only gotten worse . It 's time Congress channel the spirits of the late Senate Republican Leader Howard Baker and the late President Lyndon B. Johnson , both of whom practiced the art of bipartisanship , and to recall the saying from Scripture , "  Come let us reason together . " It 's time Congress got spiritual , considering there 's "  near universal " religious support across our nation for Immigration Reform . Conservative Evangelicals , Protestant organizations across the spectrum , Catholics , and Jewish organizations have formed coalitions urging Congress to implement comprehensive Immigration Reform . They were shunned . Elie Wiesel once wrote , "  I swore never to be silent whenever and wherever human beings endure suffering and humiliation . " Why is Congress silent ? Where , my fellow citizens , are our acts of goodness and kindness ? For God 's sake , these are children we 're talking about . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Donna Brazile says to solve this border crisis , Congress and the administration must work together Thousands of children from Central America have flooded the U.S. border seeking refuge Brazile : This is more about who we are as a nation -- a nation of immigrants We are proud that we are a country that people run to , not from , she says
Former Navy SEAL Robert O'Neill said in an interview with The Washington Post that he was the one who fired the final shot to kill Osama bin Laden in 2011 . The 38-year-old Montanan also said that other SEAL team members were involved in the raid , including Matt Bissonnette , who detailed the group 's experiences in his memoir , "  No Easy Day . " O'Neill , who had been serving as a SEAL for 15 years at the time of the bin Laden raid , had participated in other missions before -- but he said he feared this mission would be his most difficult . "  I did n't think I would survive , " he told the Post . He said it was clear that Bin Laden had been killed and not merely injured from his shot when he fell to the floor with a split skull . Before he was shot , bin Laden "  had his hands on a woman 's shoulders pushing her ahead , " O'Neill recounts , likely to deflect the attack . CNN 's Barbara Starr confirmed from a U.S. official that O'Neill was on the raid . Two Special Operations sources confirmed to CNN 's National Security analyst Peter Bergen that O'Neill was one of the shooters in bin Laden 's room -- but others in the military community have wondered whether he can claim to kill bin Laden since there were at least two others in the room who fired weapons . Did Robert O'Neill really kill bin Laden ? The Navy SEAL had previously revealed details of the mission to Esquire magazine . But he was hesitant to attach his name to the account until his identity was linked to the story on a military blog earlier this week without his consent . O'Neill also said his secret was known by members of Congress and some news organizations . He also told the Post that he received a positive response from the families of 9/11 victims when he identified himself as bin Laden 's killer to them . "  The families told me it helped bring them some closure , " he said . SEAL commander to SEALs : Seal it O'Neill 's move to go public is a controversial one , as it violates an unspoken military rule : Do n't seek attention for your service . "  We do not abide willful or selfish disregard for our core values in return for public notoriety or financial gain , " said an Oct. 31 letter to the Naval Special Warfare ranks from commanding officer B.L. Losey and force master sergeant M.L. Margaraci . CNN has reached out to O'Neill but has not received a response .	Former Navy SEAL says he shot and killed Osama bin Laden "  I did n't think I would survive , " he said in an interview with The Washington Post
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A story that helped catapult the issue of poor work conditions for Chinese workers at Foxconn -- a primary maker of iPads and other devices for Apple Inc. -- back into the spotlight in January has unraveled . An episode of "  This American Life , " a wildly popular U.S. radio show distributed by Public Radio International that is regularly the most downloaded podcast on Apple 's iTunes store , broadcast an hour-long radio version of monologist Mike Daisey 's "  The Agony and the Ecstasy of Steve Jobs , " in which he details a 2010 trip he took to meet workers at Foxconn in Shenzhen , China . That episode -- which broke records as the most downloaded show of "  This American Life " -- has now been retracted for numerous fabrications , many of which were repeated by Daisey in subsequent interviews , including one with CNN International . The power of Daisey 's storytelling , coupled with a New York Times investigative series of stories in January , fanned the flames that launched a number of off-and-online protests , including a petition on Change.org that seeks to "  protect workers making iPhones in Chinese factories " that has nearly 250,000 signatures . CNNMoney : Apple and the Daisey affair But several of Daisey 's dramatic claims , some of which he repeated to CNN 's Zain Verjee , have been retracted after Daisey 's Chinese translator was found by a reporter from "  Marketplace , " distributed by American Public Media , and disputed his version of events , including : * Meeting workers with shaking hands that were poisoned by the chemical n-hexane . Apple itself acknowledged there were incidents with the chemical at two plants , but not at Foxconn . * Found workers who were as young as 12 years old . The translator told public radio they interviewed no underage workers , although some may have looked young . Apple 's 2010 audit found 10 suppliers who hired 91 underage employees out of hundreds of thousands of employees . * In one of the show 's most dramatic moments , Daisey said he interviewed a former worker now handicapped from repetitive stress injuries seeing an iPad for the first time , describing it as "  a kind of magic . " The translator said that never happened . Questions raised about work conditions at Foxconn are nothing new . The electronics supplier -- who also makes electronic goods for Sony , Microsoft , Nokia and other household brands -- came under intense scrutiny by CNN and other media outlets in 2010 after a series of suicides at its Chinese plants . Daisey told public radio that after seeing the news story slip away from public attention , he wanted to create a story that would help sustain interest in the work conditions for overseas makers of popular electronics goods . "  And everything I have done in making this monologue for the theater has been toward that end -- to make people care . I 'm not going to say that I did n't take a few shortcuts in my passion to be heard . But I stand behind the work , " Daisey said . "  My mistake , the mistake that I truly regret is that I had it on your show as journalism and it 's not journalism . It 's theater . I use the tools of theater and memoir to achieve its dramatic arc . " But purporting as truth the fabrications of his show in dozens of media interviews has raised a number of questions about the line between drama and journalism . "  The net result of Mike Daisey 's efforts to put self-promotion ahead of the facts has badly muddied the waters , and has probably done more harm to the people he sought to help , " wrote Arik Hesseldahl , senior editor for All Things D. "  Everybody who has touched Mike Daisey in the past three to four months has been tainted and they need to go back and re-examine their archives , " Hesseldahl told CNN 's Howard Kurtz . Kai Ryssdal , host of "  Marketplace , " which broke the story , said Daisey 's account mixed fact and fiction . "  Mike Daisey is a great , great story teller and when you have a guy who spins a web like that and gets you involved , it 's really difficult to take it apart and say , wait a minute , let 's think about this for a second ... what does n't work here ? " he told CNN . "  Also , there are parts of Mike Daisey 's story that are true -- it does happen that Apple has had underage workers  at its suppliers  ; it does happen that people have n-hexane poisoning and all that , " he said . "  But the bottomline is Mike Daisey tells a great story and people suspended their disbelief . "	A popular U.S. radio show has retracted an episode on Apple supplier Foxconn Several dramatic claims by Mike Daisey have been found to be fabricated Claims of talking with underaged and injured workers disputed by translator Show helped fan the flames that sparked numerous protests against Apple
CNN  -- No tricks here , just the treat : In honor of Halloween , J.K. Rowling is delving into the back story of one of "  Harry Potter 's " more twisted Hogwarts professors . On Rowling 's Pottermore website , the best-selling author has crafted a story about the life of Dolores Umbridge , whom fans will remember for her toad-like appearance , her hair bows and the gruesome way she chose to punish students . It turns out that Umbridge was inspired by a real person . There was a teacher of Rowling 's whom she "  disliked intensely on sight , " and it seems the feeling was mutual . To be clear , this teacher was n't "  the real Dolores Umbridge , " but her love of childlike accessories definitely inspired the character . "  What sticks in my mind is her pronounced taste for twee accessories , " Rowling says in an essay about the character . So although this teacher did n't "  look like a toad , was never sadistic or vicious to me or anyone else , and I never heard her express a single view in common with Umbridge ... it is true to say that I borrowed from her , then grossly exaggerated , a taste for the sickly sweet and girlish in dress . " As for Umbridge 's love of kittens , that was inspired by a former officemate of Rowling 's , whose adoration for small furry creatures was in contrast with "  a lack of real warmth or charity . " New ` Potter ' character finds spotlight "  So Dolores , who is one of the characters for whom I feel purest dislike , became an amalgam of traits taken from these , and a variety of sources , " Rowling explains . "  Her desire to control , to punish and to inflict pain , all in the name of law and order , are , I think , every bit as reprehensible as Lord Voldemort 's unvarnished espousal of evil . " If you have an account on Pottermore , you can read the story there , or you can check it out on Today.com . ` Harry Potter ' returns in a short story Up next from the world of "  Potter " are three movies that will follow the adventures of the author Newt Scamander years before his textbook "  Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them " would be studied at Hogwarts . The first installment , also titled "  Fantastic Beasts and Where To Find Them , " has Rowling writing the screenplay and David Yates on board to direct . That movie will arrive in 2016 , followed by two more installments in 2018 and 2020 .	J.K. Rowling has released the backstory of a "  Harry Potter " foe She also reveals the inspiration behind the character , named Dolores Umbridge Rowling is also preparing to release three new movies from "  Potter 's " world
CNN  -- Newman , Jerry Seinfeld 's diabolical nemesis and United States postal worker , was denied his dream transfer to Hawaii when the Post Office discovered he had n't been delivering a lot of the mail he was supposed to be . Unfortunately for Brent Morse , life is n't a Hollywood sitcom . The former Kentucky postal worker was sentenced to six months in federal prison for "  destroying , hiding and delaying the delivery of at least 44,900 pieces of mail , " according to David J. Hale , the U.S. attorney for the Western District of Kentucky . Morse , a mail carrier for five years , stored the nearly 45,000 pieces of undelivered mail at his deceased mother 's home and , just like Newman , at rented storage facilities near his home and mail route in western Kentucky . The majority of the mail was meant for around 250 homes in the community of Dawson Springs , and it was meant to be delivered between March 2011 and March 2013 , Hale said . Adel Valdes , a U.S. Postal Inspector in Louisville , said Morse 's motive was : "  He wanted to pick up his kids from school every day at a certain time . " Valdes said the owner of one of the storage centers noticed a large amount of mail and USPS equipment when Morse failed to properly shut his unit 's door , so he called authorities . Morse , 34 , was not charged with stealing the contents of the undelivered mail , according to Hale , but he was ordered to pay nearly $ 15,000 in restitution for losses incurred by two businesses that mail commercial circulars . The USPS has since delivered the recovered mail .	Worker Brent Morse guilty of "  destroying , hiding and delaying " mail Majority of the mail was meant for around 250 homes in Dawson Springs The USPS has since delivered the recovered mail
Tourists staying at a Los Angeles hotel bathed , brushed teeth and drank water from a tank in which a young woman 's body was likely decomposing for more than two weeks , police said . Elisa Lam 's corpse was found in the Cecil Hotel 's rooftop water tank by a maintenance worker who was trying to figure out why the water pressure was low Tuesday . Lam 's parents reported her missing in early February . The last sighting of her was in the hotel on January 31 , Los Angeles Police said . Detectives are now investigating the 21-year-old Canadian 's suspicious death , police Sgt. Rudy Lopez said . It was not clear whether the water presented any health risks to those who consumed it . Results on tests on the water done Wednesday by the Los Angeles Public Health Department were expected later in the day . The hotel management has not responded to CNN requests for comment . Video appears to show four cisterns on the hotel roof . People who stayed at the Cecil since Lam 's disappearance expressed shock about developments . "  The water did have a funny taste , " Sabrina Baugh told CNN on Wednesday . She and her husband used the water for eight days . "  We never thought anything of it , " the British woman said . "  We thought it was just the way it was here . " What she described was not normal . "  The shower was awful , " she said . "  When you turned the tap on , the water was coming black first for two seconds and then it was going back to normal . " The hotel remained open after the discovery , but guests checking in Tuesday were told not to drink it , according to Qui Nguyen , who decided to find a new hotel Wednesday . Nguyen said he learned about the body from a CNN reporter , not the hotel staff . Authorities search for missing police chief Fishing vessel , crew missing off Nova Scotia How women can travel safely	Elisa Lam disappeared from the hotel on January 31 The Canadian 's body was found in a Cecil Hotel water tank Tuesday Police are investigating the death
Guatemala City , Guatemala  CNN  -- Torrential rains and landslides in Guatemala have killed at least 37 people , and could claim as many as 100 lives , the country 's emergency services agency said Sunday . In addition , it reported 30 people were injured and 23 were missing after heavy weekend rains caused hillsides to collapse . President Alvaro Colom declared a national emergency Saturday . He told reporters that authorities closed parts of the Inter-American Highway after rains washed out entire sections of the road and caused at least two accidents over the weekend . The first , near kilometer marker 82 , claimed 12 lives when a bus was buried , according to Colom 's office . Landslides also fell at kilometer marker 171 , knocking a number of vehicles and a bus off the road . When nearby residents rushed to the scene to help , a second mudslide crashed down on the exact same spot , said the emergency agency . Throughout the country , authorities have recovered 37 bodies but more are expected , officials have said . Thousands of homes , in addition to infrastructure and fields of crops , also were damaged by the heavy rains . Nearly 42,000 people have been affected and more than 10,000 have been evacuated from the area , said emergency spokesman David De Leon Villeda . Nearly 7,000 people are housed in shelters . The torrential downpours come several months after more than 150 people died when Tropical Storm Agatha hit Guatemala in May . Destruction from that storm was widespread throughout the nation , with mudslides destroying homes and buildings and burying some victims . At least nine rivers had dramatically higher levels and 13 bridges collapsed , Guatemala 's emergency services agency said . The May downpours created a sinkhole the size of a street intersection in northern Guatemala City . Residents told CNN that a three-story building and a house fell into the hole . Journalist Miguel Escalona contributed to this report .	The death toll could reach 100 , national emergency agency says 30 people are injured and 23 missing , says emergency official President Alvaro Colom declares a national emergency The rains come several months after Tropical Storm Agatha lashed the nation
New York  CNN  -- A Manhattan grand jury is investigating the beating death of a man in New York 's Union Square as a possible hate crime , New York Police Department Deputy Commissioner John McCarthy told CNN Tuesday . Jeffrey Babbitt , 62 , was pronounced dead Monday , five days after being beaten by a man who allegedly said , "  I 'm gon na punch out the first white guy I see , " according to police commissioner Ray Kelly . Witnesses said the suspect , identified by police as Martin Redrick , 40 , struck Babbitt so hard that bystanders could hear the force of his head hitting the cement . Two other men were also assaulted in the September 4 attack as they tried to help Babbitt , police said . Redrick , who police say uses several aliases , including Lashawn Marten , has been charged with three counts of assault -- one of them a felony . He made an appearance in court Tuesday and was appointed a new lawyer . Attorney Michael Croce was not in court Tuesday and has n't yet met his client . He told CNN Redrick has not had a psychiatric evaluation and has not been asked to undergo such an examination . "  I 'm not aware of any reason why he should receive one , but I 've not ruled anything out , " Croce said . No additional charges were filed , but the grand jury is considering evidence being gathered by the NYPD 's hate crimes task force and may decide to upgrade the charge to a hate crime , which could include manslaughter . "  The murder or manslaughter charge is a charge that requires far more on the part of the prosecution to prove his intent to inflict that type of injury , " Redrick 's attorney said . "  They must show intent to cause serious injury ... . It needs to be explored more as to whether they have enough evidence to prove intent to kill based on one punch . " Redrick was paroled from state prison in 2001 after a 1998 attempted assault conviction for throwing a glass bottle that hit someone in the head , according New York 's Department of Corrections spokeswoman Linda Foglia . Redrick has been arrested and charged with aggravated harassment , assault , trespass and drug possession , a law enforcement source told CNN , but the outcomes of those cases were unclear . Robert Pizzimenti , a neighbor of Babbitt 's , described the man as "  a lovable guy . " "  He was the kind of guy who always was doing favors for people . If you needed a ride to an appointment , you could call Jeff and he 'd say , ` Yeah , I 'll take you , ' " Pizzimenti said . Neighbors say Babbitt also cared for his 94-year-old mother , Lucille , who refused to leave her son 's bedside in the hospital . "  I called her on the phone , I said , ` Lu , come home . ' She said ` I 'm not leaving my son , ' " Pizzimenti said . CNN 's Allie Malloy , Sho Wills and Erinn Cawthon contributed to this report .	Victim 's 94-year-old mother refused to leave his bedside Witnesses say the suspect wanted to hit "  the first white guy " he saw Martin Redrick is charged with three counts of assault , one of them a felony Babbitt was always doing favors for people , a neighbor says
CNN  -- By a substantial margin , the Senate on Friday passed an extension of a controversial overseas wiretapping program , the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act . The law has already been reauthorized by the House , and President Obama is expected to sign it . According to Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California , who is chairman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , the law , know by its acronynm FISA , has helped authorities prevent terrorist plots . "  In the past four years , there have been one hundred arrests to prevent something from happening in the United States , " Feinstein said . "  Some of these plots have been thwarted because of this program . I think it is a vital program . " But critics say the law gives intelligence agencies wide latitude in carrying out surveillance , under oversight by a special FISA court whose proceedings are not public . "  It 's something with enormous potential for abuse , " said Julian Sanchez , with the libertarian Cato Institute . "  The FISA Amendments Act authorizes what the Fourth Amendment was written to prevent , which is to say , general warrants -- blank checks for surveillance . " In 2005 , a national debate erupted when the Terrorist Surveillance Program authorized by President George W. Bush was revealed in the media . Under that program , begun shortly after the 9/11 attacks , intelligence agencies could spy on communications between U.S. residents and people overseas without a warrant , if it was believed one of the parties was linked to terrorism . The FISA law passed in 2008 required officials to obtain a warrant to spy on any American -- including , for the first time , Americans who are abroad . The law also established FISA as the exclusive means for authorizing electronic surveillance . Privacy advocates say if a foreigner overseas is being wiretapped , which does not require a warrant , an American communicating with that person could still have their communications with that foreigner monitored . But defenders say the law contains provisions to protect privacy and prevent abuse , including a prohibition on spying on Americans except with a warrant . The National Security Agency , the country 's primary surveillance agency , told CNN in a statement : "  One of the biggest misconceptions about NSA is that we are unlawfully listening in on , or reading e-mails of , U.S. citizens . This is simply not the case . NSA is unwavering in its respect for U.S. laws and Americans ' civil liberties . " Sen. Ron Wyden , D-Oregon , proposed an amendment requiring more disclosure . "  I think we ought to know , generally , how many Americans are being swept up under the legislation , " he said during Thursday 's debate on the Senate floor . But defenders of the law say , the effectiveness of espionage programs depends on a level of secrecy . "  It 's very hard to have covert and clandestine intelligence-gathering , if it 's not secret , " said Clifford May , an advocate of national security with the Foundation for Defense of Democracies . Without reauthorization , the law was scheduled to expire Monday , at the end of 2012 .	The law has helped authorities prevent terrorist plots , says a senator But "  It 's something with enormous potential for abuse , " says a member of Cato Institute The law , passed in 2008 , requires officials to obtain a warrant to spy on any American Opponents say Americans communicating with persons abroad still could be spied on
CNN  -- Any doubts that Real Madrid 's big-name stars will struggle to play together this season were seemingly blown away in a remarkable 8-2 thrashing of Deportivo la Coruna on Saturday . World player of the year Cristiano Ronaldo scored a hat-trick , last year 's marquee signing Gareth Bale netted twice and recently-arrived World Cup star James Rodriguez was also on the scoresheet in the Spanish top-flight match . Mexico striker Javier Hernandez , a loan signing from Manchester United , grabbed the final two goals after coming on as a late substitute . It was the first time the club has scored eight goals in an away La Liga match , and the winning margin matched the 7-1 success at Real Zaragoza in the 1987-88 season . "  We showed the quality we have . We have a phenomenon in Ronaldo and we have other players with great quality , " coach Carlo Ancelotti told reporters . "  They combined very well together and that was the best thing we can take from the game . " Ancelotti 's team made an impressive start to its European Champions League title defense in midweek , beating Basel 5-1 , but the club 's early domestic form has been patchy . This victory , after a win and two defeats , left Madrid three points behind big rival Barcelona , which travels to bottom club Levante on Sunday seeking to maintain a 100 % record . City rival Atletico Madrid , which won the Spanish title last season but lost to Real in the European final , dropped points in a 2-2 draw at home to Celta Vigo later Saturday . "  The season is very long and recovering points on the leaders just now is n't the problem , " Ancelotti added . "  We have to improve . Today we showed the quality everyone knows we have which is the capability to score in many different ways . "  We need to continue improving the balance and our consistency . After two defeats we have scored 13 goals and that is a good sign that we have responded well . " Ronaldo , who netted against Swiss side Basel on Tuesday , scored his 23rd hat-trick for Real since joining in a then world-record $ 130 million move from English club Manchester United . Rodriguez , who won the golden boot as top scorer at Brazil 2014 before joining Real for a reported $ 121 million from Monaco , then scored his second goal in a week as he curled in a superb left-foot effort . Ronaldo made it 3-0 before halftime but Deportivo pulled a goal back after the break with a penalty after Sergio Ramos was ruled to have handled the ball . Bale -- whose move from Tottenham last year eclipsed the Portugal captain 's transfer fee -- took center stage with two well-taken goals . Deportivo , which had conceded only four times in three previous games , went 6-1 down as Ronaldo sealed his treble from Rodriguez 's pass before Toche headed a consolation . Hernandez , who replaced Bale , fired in a left-foot volley from the edge of the area and then added another long-range effort -- this one deflecting into the net off a defender . Atletico conceded an early goal to Pablo Hernandez but led 2-1 at halftime through Miranda and defender Diego Godin before Nolito leveled with a 53rd-minute penalty . The draw left Diego Simeone 's team a point behind Barca in second , with Granada third on goal difference after winning 1-0 at Athletic Bilbao . Italy Three-time defending champion Juventus secured a third win from three this season , as Argentina striker Carlos Tevez scored the only goal at AC Milan on Saturday . The 71st-minute decider gave coach Massimiliano Allegri a notable victory over the club that sacked him in January . It left Milan in second after a first defeat this Serie A season , while Roma can join Juve on three wins from three by beating Cagliari on Sunday . Germany Bundesliga champion Bayern Munich was held 0-0 at second-bottom Hamburg on Saturday , leaving Pep Guardiola 's team fourth on goal difference after a second draw in four matches . Promoted Paderborn , which travels to Bayern 's Allianz Arena on Tuesday , is top after a 2-0 win over Hanover that was capped by a spectacular late volley by Moritz Stoppelkamp from just outside his own penalty area . The top four teams all have eight points after second-placed Mainz upset last season 's runner-up Borussia Dortmund 2-0 and Hoffenheim , in third , won by the same score at Stuttgart . France Marseille went top on goal difference after Saturday 's 3-0 win over Rennes , as France forward Andre-Pierre Gignac scored twice . It put Marseille above Bordeaux , which won 2-1 against bottom side Evian Thonon Gaillard on Friday . Sixth-placed defending champion Paris St. Germain hosts Lyon on Sunday , when Lille could go top by beating Montpellier .	Cristiano Ronaldo nets a hat-trick as Real Madrid scores eight goals Gareth Bale and substitute Javier Hernandez collect two each in 8-2 win Colombia star James Rodriguez also scores at Deportivo la Coruna Real has struggled in La Liga and could end weekend six points behind Barcelona
CNN  -- Singer Natalie Cole told CNN 's Larry King she is searching for a kidney after an illness caused both of her kidneys to fail . Singer Natalie Cole continues to tour , despite being on dialysis three times a week . Before she finished telling King Tuesday night about her battles with drugs , illnesses and her search for a kidney , dozens of e-mails flooded the CNN studio . They were all offers from people saying they would get tested to see whether their kidney could be donated . King handed a thick stack of paper to Cole . "  These are all e-mails from dozens -- dozens of people offering to be tested to see if they can match , who want to give you a kidney , " King said . Cole stared at the papers for a moment . "  There are some great human beings out there . That 's all I can say , " Cole said . Watch Natalie Cole 's interview with Larry King " "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors , " said Cole , the daughter of legendary crooner Nat King Cole . Cole said her kidney troubles date back to February 2008 when she was diagnosed with hepatitis C. Cole said she attributes the hepatitis C from her well-publicized struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin . Cole said she has been sober for some time now after two stints in a rehabilitation clinic . Cole said she underwent chemotherapy in an aggressive way to fight the virus . Within four months of getting chemotherapy , both of Cole 's kidneys failed . "  I could n't breathe . I -- I went into -- literally , my kidneys stopped functioning . They stopped , you know , processing the fluid that was starting to build up in my body . " Since then , Cole has been on dialysis three days a week and has been searching for a kidney , she told King in one of the first public interviews about the issue . Cole won six Grammy awards for her 1991 critically acclaimed album "  Unforgettable ... With Love , " a jazzy tribute to her father . She won a Grammy this year for her new album "  Still Unforgettable " and another Grammy for her work on another album . Cole said that she has still been able to tour this year even with her kidney ailment . "  I have been on dialysis in Istanbul , Milan , Indonesia , Manila , London . It 's -- it 's amazing , " Cole said .	During "  Live King Live , " dozens e-mail offering to see whether they are a match Singer to Larry King : "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors " Natalie Cole says she was diagnosed with hepatitis C in February 2008 She links the illness to her struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin
Washington  CNN  -- The Boston Marathon bombing was an all-too-familiar tragedy for Israeli medic Eli Beer . In his line of work , he 's seen hundreds of similar attacks . "  I wish I could have been there to help , " says Beer , adding he happened to be in the area finishing up coursework at Harvard and had taken a walk down Boylston Street just the day before the incident . Beer is founder of United Hatzalah , an all-volunteer rescue service in Israel , where emergencies are a way of life . Friday in Washington , he powered onstage -- sirens blaring -- aboard one of his signature "  ambu-cycles "  an emergency-adapted motorcycle  , stunning his audience at the Kennedy Center . A featured speaker at TEDMED -- the annual conference that brings together medical professionals , scientists , researchers , educators , artists and athletes -- Beer 's talk carried the provocative title : "  How can we save 40,000 lives in under three minutes ? " He answered the question this way , "  The average response time of a traditional ambulance is 12 to 15 minutes -- we reduce it to less than three minutes . Our response is the fastest in the world . We call our approach a lifesaving flash mob . On motorcycles , traffic does n't stop us . Nothing does . " When seconds count "  Last year , United Hatzalah  Hebrew for ` rescue '  treated 207,000 people -- more than 42,000 of them in life-threatening conditions , " says Beer . "  We got there in under three minutes and made a huge difference . " He leads a team of 2,000 skilled volunteers -- EMTs who range professionally from "  expensive lawyers to people who sell fish or shoes , " he says . Boston Marathon bombing heroes : Running to help They make record time in a fleet of small cars , ambu-cycles , ambu-tractors and ambu-boats -- all equipped with heart defibrillators , breathing tubes , burn wraps and maternity kits . Usually , they get there first , treating and stabilizing patients until ambulances arrive for transport . Each volunteer handles an average of 60 calls a month . The service operates 24 hours a day , seven days a week , 365 days a year . Beer 's innovative work stems from his own dreadful experience as a child . He was 6 years old when a terrorist bomb blew apart a Jerusalem bus passing right in front of him . Shocked , fearful and helpless , he fled the fiery scene where six people died and scores were injured . But he would not forget . "  That day began a simple dream -- the dream of being able to save people from dying waiting for an ambulance , " reflects Beer . As a teen , he bought two police scanners , then dropped out of high school to become a paramedic . In 1989 , he built the operation from the ground up , bucking bureaucracy , legal tangles and resistance from unions and existing emergency services . "  This started with chutzpah . I was going to find a way around it . I did n't wait for authorization and stickers , " says Beer . "  We go , we do n't charge and we do n't require patients to have insurance . We do n't ask questions about ethnicity or religion -- it 's not about saving Jews or Muslims , it 's about saving people . " United Hatzalah responders use a specially designed , state-of-the-art GPS system called NowForce . "  We are all connected with an app on our smartphones , " says Beer . As calls come in , traffic-control navigators alert the first five responders closest to the scene . There are times volunteers tear out of their homes in the middle of the night and arrive onsite still wearing pajamas . "  At first , huge monopolies saw us as hurting their business . What 's evolved is that they 've actually reduced prices because of us . Their service got better because of us , " says Beer . "  Now , we work closely with more than 100 ambulance companies in Israel . They know we are there for them . We do n't replace ambulances -- we fill a gap . We send our people out to the scene . Whenever the ambulances arrive , that 's fine . If there 's a patient we can save , we will be there to save them . " There is no shortage of volunteers . In fact , there is a waiting list to sign up for the organization 's 300-hour training course . First responder 's emotional story "  Our volunteers are Jews and non-Jews , Muslims and Christians -- we help one another by saving lives , " says Beer . He believes the reward of giving back is greater than any other form of payment . "  Judaism teaches when you save someone 's life , you 're actually saving the world , because you just saved the whole world for this one person and the generation to come . People want the satisfaction of being part of this -- and they sacrifice a lot to do that , " he says . Now 39 and the father of five , Beer recalls the first time he saved a life . At age 16 , he treated a seriously injured man who had been struck by a car . The next day , he got a thank-you call from the man 's son . "  Best call I ever got in my life , " says Beer . Growing globally His life-saving ingenuity is gaining recognition . United Hatzalah has operations in Brazil and Panama -- and plans to set up next year in India . "  This is something that is easy to adopt . Anywhere I can go and share , I want to be there , " he says . Beer notes that the Hasidic Jewish community in New York has used the same technique  traveling on emergency bikes or cycles  for decades , successfully exporting the idea to other countries as well . The bombing this week in Boston reinforces what Beer learned the day he saw that first bus bombing as a boy -- every precious second counts . "  We are fighting for each second to get there . Seconds make the difference between life and death , " Beer says . "  A lifesaving flash mob sounds to me like the world 's next , greatest medical innovation , " TEDMED curator Jay Walker said after Beer 's talk . The next goal for United Hatzalah , which operates entirely on donations , is to cut response time in half . "  How can we save 40,000 lives in just 90 seconds ? We all want to be heroes , " says Beer . "  We just need a few good ideas and a lot of chutzpah . "	Eli Beer founded an all-volunteer rescue service in Israel The organization has reduced emergency response time to 3 minutes At age 6 , Beer saw a bus bombing in Jerusalem "  It 's not about saving Jews or Muslims , it 's about saving people , " he says
CNN  Wednesday 's attack on journalists at French satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo has shone a spotlight on the dangers faced by satirists around the world . Here , we revisit other artists and journalists previously featured on the network who have faced violence , imprisonment or exile because of their satire . Ali Ferzat , Syria "  Break his arms so that he does n't ever draw again . " In this 2013 piece by CNN columnist John Sutter , Syrian political cartoonist Ali Ferzat describes a 2011 near-death beating that he received from people he believes were henchmen of the Syrian regime . Ferzat says they targeted his hands to stop him drawing cartoons critical of Syria 's leader , Bashar al-Assad . Read more : Cartoons that scare Syria 's leader Ali Reza Eshraghi and others , Iran Newspaper editor Eshraghi was imprisoned and his newspaper Hayat No was shut down when in 2003 he republished a 1937 cartoon of U.S. President Franklin Roosevelt , that Iran 's Special Court for the Clergy ruled was insulting to the memory of the Ayatollah Khomeini . In this 2013 piece , Eshragi and others explain why they believe satire gives Iranian journalists a unique outlet to share ideas that are too dangerous to express in words . Read more : Iran 's cartoonists find new lines of expression Kudzanai Chiurai , Zimbabwe "  It 's more important now than ever . " Artist Chiurai stirred up controversy during the build-up to Zimbabwe 's violent and disputed 2008 elections with a series of controversial depictions of president Robert Mugabe . Chiurai 's posters , which showed Mugabe in flames with horns on his head , raised the ire of Zimbabwe 's ruling elite and got Chiurai threatened with arrest : He has been living in self-imposed exile ever since . Read more : The artist who stood up to Mugabe The dangers of being a cartoonist in the Middle East "  The one thing a tyrant ca n't stand is to be laughed at . " Robert Russell , the executive director of the Cartoonists Rights Network International , spoke to CNN in a 2013 interview in this piece exploring satire in the Middle East . "  If everyone is laughing at you , what defense do you have ? " Read more : The dangers of being a cartoonist in the Arab world Remon Wang , China "  Panda is a national treasure , and ` national treasure ' and ` state security ' sound the same in Mandarin . " Wang 's "  Pandaman " cartoon , which featured a cuddly panda transformed into a menacing security agent , was wildly popular online . His work is hugely popular with Chinese netizens , but as a result he says he 's faced censorship , visits from state security agents and his account on social networking platform Sina Weibo has been deactivated over 180 times . Read more : "  Pandaman " creator finds political cartoon a risky business in China More from CNN 's archive : Kenyan satirist Gado on drawing political fire Video : Satirist Ikenna Azuike of "  What 's Up Africa " Jordanian brothers ' political cartoons break taboos	CNN revisits work of satirists who have faced violence , imprisonment or exile Kudzanai Chiurai is living in self-imposed exile for his own safety , Remong Wang faced state censorship
CNN  -- Actress Natasha Richardson died of injuries caused by blunt impact to the head , the New York City Medical Examiner 's Office confirmed Thursday . Natasha Richardson fell on a beginners ' ski slope in Canada . The death was ruled an accident , the office said . Paramedics dispatched to help Richardson minutes after she fell on a Canadian ski slope Monday were turned away and did not have a chance to check her injury , the ambulance service director told a Toronto , Canada , newspaper . Richardson -- a film star , Tony-winning stage actress and member of the famed Redgrave acting family -- died two days later in a New York hospital from a head injury suffered at a Quebec resort about 80 miles northwest of Montreal . Yves Coderre , operations director for Ambulances Radisson , told Toronto 's The Globe and Mail newspaper on Wednesday that his company sent an ambulance to the slopes at Mont Tremblant Ski Resort after a call from the ski patrol . "  They never saw the patient , " Coderre said . "  So they turned around . " Watch how brain injuries can be hidden " Coderre did not say who sent the ambulance away . Efforts by CNN to reach Coderre have been unsuccessful . A resort spokeswoman said a statement was being prepared in response to the latest report . An earlier statement from the resort said a paramedic from its ski patrol "  arrived on the scene within minutes " after Richardson , 45 , fell during a lesson on a beginners ' trail . The ski patrol paramedic "  did not find any visible sign of injury , " it said . "  As standard protocol , the ski patrol insisted Ms. Richardson be transported to the base of the hill in a rescue toboggan , " it said . "  Once at the base of the hill , Ms. Richardson was advised by staff to consider seeking additional medical attention which was declined . " The resort 's statement said Richardson , accompanied by her instructor , returned to her hotel but about an hour after the fall was "  not feeling good , " the statement said . Another ambulance was later called to the hotel , where paramedics found her conscious , but she "  was n't in good shape , " Coderre said . Richardson was taken to a local hospital before being transferred to Hopital du Sacre-Coeur in Montreal . From there she was transferred to Lenox Hill Hospital in New York . She and her husband , actor Liam Neeson , have two children , Michael and Daniel . Her family issued a short statement Wednesday night acknowledging her death . "  Liam Neeson , his sons , and the entire family are shocked and devastated by the tragic death of their beloved Natasha . They are profoundly grateful for the support , love and prayers of everyone , and ask for privacy during this very difficult time . " Richardson is a member of acting royalty . Her grandfather , Sir Michael Redgrave , was a famed British actor . Her mother , Vanessa Redgrave , is an Oscar-winning actress , and her father , late director Tony Richardson , helmed such films as "  Look Back in Anger , " "  The Entertainer " and the Oscar-winning "  Tom Jones . " Watch a review of her career " Richardson 's uncle Corin Redgrave , aunt Lynn Redgrave and sister Joely Richardson are also noted performers . Natasha Richardson won a Tony for her performance as Sally Bowles in the 1998 revival of "  Cabaret " and earned raves for her Blanche DuBois in a 2005 production of "  A Streetcar Named Desire . " She was scheduled to perform in a revival of Stephen Sondheim 's "  A Little Night Music " this year , after a January benefit performance of the show . Broadway dimmed its lights Thursday evening in tribute to Richardson .	NEW : Medical examiner rules Natasha Richardson 's death an accident Ambulance crew was turned away , company official tells newspaper Richardson died two days after falling on ski slope Richardson initially showed no sign of injury , resort statement says
CNN  -- There was no space on the Inca Trail . "  Estás seguro ? " I pleaded with dormant Spanish , or "  Are you sure ? " in English . I was sitting face to face with the ninth Peruvian salesman that day to offer the same answer . He was positive . No space on the Inca Trail , entering Machu Picchu via the Sun Gate , but his alternative trek was the real deal , he said . Machu Picchu was rediscovered in 1911 by Yale University professor Hiram Bingham . I said , "  Gracias , " grabbed my bag and went trudging out the door and back into the rain . At this point , I could not remember the smile I wore just hours before as I boarded my New Year 's Eve flight and watched Atlanta grow smaller below me -- four days trekking in the Andes , a new adventure ! That smile had vanished , the woman who grinned it , gone . In its place , a miserable downtrodden troll with fiercely angled brows , standing in the middle of the Plaza de Armas in Cusco , Peru -- with no Inca Trail booked . As a wind-follower , I always try to make travel arrangements as I go . I lay out rough plans , cities and dates , and see what adventures may come . The Inca Trail , however , does not afford such luxury . Over the years , the Inca Trail has become more a sales feature for adventure companies than a tranquil or mystical journey . The frat party of historic treks , it often comes fully equipped with booze , crowds and disgusting bathrooms . Similarly , the Inca Trail also has a maximum capacity before doors to the public close . Years of feet trampling Inca steps led the government to institute a 500 person per day limit in 2002 on the historic trail -- including trekkers , guides and porters -- to prevent over-saturation of the trail and to maintain the sanctity of the sites . As I entered company after company , each promising slight variations of alternate treks for drastically different prices , I nearly hung up my poncho and headed home . That is , until I finally swallowed my wind-follower pride , opened a guidebook and tracked down some of the recommended operators . This proved a worthwhile endeavor , as Cusco is a maze of adventure agencies among a few trek operators . Agencies sell customers to operators , collecting profits and , oftentimes , unsatisfied travelers . Once I learned I could n't have the journey , I grew even more set on keeping the destination . Determined to stay Machu Picchu-bound and only able to squeeze in a short trek by this point , I opted for an alternate-Inca hybrid trek . The two-day Inca joins the traditional Inca Trail a short distance from the Sun Gate , the path the Incas took into Machu Picchu . Though it carries the Inca name - - and the 500-person regulation -- it arrives at the Sun Gate in the evening , sacrificing the most sought after sunrise view . It also does not include camping or any of that delicious , trek-cooked food . My two-person group ate bag lunches , spent the one night in Aguas Calientes , the base city to Machu Picchu , and looked on enviously at Inca Trail trekkers sharing beer , some grilled alpaca and a game of cards at the final rest stop where the trails unite . If I had looked beyond my Inca-only vision , I would have discovered that the Inca Trail is just the tip of the Peru trekking iceberg -- literally iceberg if you go during low season . Several alternate treks land right in Aguas Calientes that can be booked mere days in advance . Though these treks do not enter Machu Picchu through the Sun Gate , many locals and travelers prefer alternate routes through quiet villages and isolated peaks , as they offer an often less expensive , more serene , untouched vision of Peru . See a map of the area around Machu Picchu " Salkantay is the most frequented Inca Trail alternative . This trek is usually recommended for people who ca n't get on the Inca Trail , but still want a similar experience . Traditionally five days/four nights , it leads trekkers up Salkantay Mountain  one of the highest peaks in the Andes of Peru at over 20,000 feet  and passes by some Quechuan communities and lesser-known Inca ruins , traversing everything from snow-capped mountains to hot springs . However , as it has become increasingly known as the alternate trek to the Inca Trail , the serene views of the trek often compete with crowded trails and camping sites . While Salkantay offers a glimpse at Quechuan communities , the Lares trek offers a full panorama of the Quechuan lifestyle . Against a picturesque landscape , this four-day/three-night trek is famous for the textile villages it enters along the way . It ascends 13,000 feet , crosses two peaks , hot springs and lakes , and it offers a spectrum of regional animals to view , including llamas , vicuñas , alpacas and chinchillas . However , since the trek gained popularity five years ago , "  It has become a little more touristy . It has lost a little bit of its initial essence and purity , " said Silvia Rico , general manager of Enigma Adventure Tour Operator . For those seeking even more of an adventure , Choquequirao is the ideal trek . This nine-day/eight-night trek passes the two largest Inca sites in the Cusco region : Machu Picchu and Choquequirao . The latter is a huge archaeological complex that is only about 30 percent excavated and thus has endured minimal tourist foot traffic . Surrounded by the Salkantay mountain , the trek dives into the Apurimac River canyon and passes waterfalls , villages , Inca ruins and frequently condors . It does have one major drawback : before continuing on to Machu Picchu , trekkers must backtrack the two days ' journey it takes to arrive at Choquequirao , resulting in some repeated views . For solitude and serenity searchers , the Vilcabamba trek is ideal . "  Total isolation . There 's nothing like doing a trek when there 's no other people , " says Michelle Graham of Llama Path Tours , as she describes why Vilcabamba is her favorite of the alternate treks . This trek enters the last refuge of the Incas , Vilcabamba , and like Salkantay , offers spectacular diverse views ranging from tropical jungles to snowy peaks . Unlike Salkantay , however , this trek combines Inca history with little interference from tourist passersby . Families , older people , and travelers who simply do n't have the time can arrive in Aguas Calientes by train and continue up to Machu Picchu either by bus or by ascending the five-mile trail . Some companies offer jungle tours , in which cycling is combined with trekking . However , as with all treks , be aware of agencies that set up tourist traps with dilapidated bikes that turn into broken bikes and extra charges on the bill . Regardless of the trek you choose , the dry season -- from April through October -- is the ideal time to make the journey . Many tour companies do n't operate these treks during rainy summer months . December through February are the worst  Excellent choice on my part  . Though I never intended to fly to Peru for a two-day trek , once I wiped away the fog on my optimism lenses , I realized that many of the alternate treks to Machu Picchu are just as worthy of fame as the legendary Inca Trail . So I packed my backpack , laced my boots and wrapped myself in layers of water-resistant clothing . I trekked into the landscape where history meets present day . When I arrived at the hidden Inca city in all its breathtaking beauty , everything else was just icing on the llama .	There 's a 500 person per day limit on the historic Inca Trail Several more serene alternate treks can be booked mere days in advance For those seeking more of an adventure , Choquequirao is the ideal trek
Yangon , Myanmar  CNN  -- Buddhist monks and others armed with swords and machetes Friday stalked the streets of a city in central Myanmar , where sectarian violence that has left about 20 people dead has begun to spread to other areas , according to local officials . Members of the Buddhist and Muslim communities in Meiktila township have clashed this week after a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers Wednesday ignited simmering communal tensions . Rioters have set fire to houses , schools and mosques , prompting thousands of residents to flee their homes amid unrest that had echoes of sectarian troubles that killed scores of people in western Myanmar last year . Late Friday night , President Thein Sein announced on state television that four townships in the affected region are under a state of emergency . The United Nations and the United States have expressed concern about the violence in the lakeside city about 100 kilometers  60 miles  south of Mandalay . Win Htein , an opposition member of parliament for Meiktila , said the number of dead in the city has risen to about 20 by his estimate -- most of them Muslims -- after charred bodies were found in the streets . "  I have not seen this scale of violence before in my life , " he said . "  I am very sad . The community used to live in peace . " Myanmar is emerging from decades of military repression and has taken a number of significant steps toward democracy in recent years under President Thein Sein . But it has been plagued by bouts of ethnic violence that some analysts say are a byproduct of the changing political climate . Burning mosques A group of about 100 Buddhists , including some monks , went around Meiktila on Thursday night torching mosques , said Police Lt. Col. Aung Min , and while most of them have returned home , some are still wandering the streets , carrying weapons . Although Aung Min declined to provide an official death toll , he said the violence had spread to a nearby town , Win Twin , where a mosque was burned down overnight . He said about 1,000 Muslims had taken temporary shelter in a soccer stadium in Meiktila , where about 30 % of the 100,000 residents are estimated to be Muslims . Win Htein said he believed that more than 5,000 Buddhists had fled to monasteries around the city to escape the violence . Many members of both communities had lost their homes , he said . Journalists in the city who tried to take photos of the clashes said they were threatened by Buddhists , some of them monks , who were holding sticks and knives . Violence in Rakhine In the western state of Rakhine , tensions between the majority Buddhist community and the Rohingya , a stateless ethnic Muslim group , boiled over into clashes that killed scores of people and left tens of thousands of others living in makeshift camps last year . Most of the victims were Rohingya . "  The ongoing intercommunal strife in Rakhine State is of grave concern , " the International Crisis Group said in a November report . "  And there is the potential for similar violence elsewhere , as nationalism and ethno-nationalism rise and old prejudices resurface . " A failure by authorities to address deepening divisions between the communities could result in a resumption of violence in the future , the report said , "  which would be to the detriment of both communities , and of the country as a whole . " Vijay Nambiar , special adviser to the U.N. secretary-general on Myanmar , on Thursday expressed "  deep sorrow at the tragic loss of lives and destruction " in Meiktila this week . He called for "  firm action " from Myanmar authorities , combined with "  the continued fostering of communal harmony and preservation of peace and tranquility among the people . " Win Htein , the local lawmaker , said that he believed there were now about 1,000 police officers in the area . He said he had spoken to Aung San Suu Kyi , the Nobel laureate and leader of the opposition National League for Democracy , who had said local authorities should use police to control the situation according to the law . The U.S. ambassador to Myanmar , Derek Mitchell , said Thursday that he was "  deeply concerned " about the reports of violence . Journalist Phyo Wai Lin reported from Yangon , CNN 's Kocha Olarn reported from Bangkok , Thailand , and CNN 's Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong .	Four townships in central Myanmar under a state of emergency , the president says The rioting has driven thousands of people from their homes , officials say Clashes started with a dispute between a Muslim shop owner and Buddhist sellers Last year , ethnic violence in western Myanmar left scores of people dead
CNN  -- It could be a sign , a vague one . A NASA rover has found the building blocks of life on Mars . They might be the product of past or present life on the Red Planet -- or they might not be . Either way , the samples of organic matter in the atmosphere and in rock show that Mars may at least have once had conditions favorable to hosting life , NASA said in a statement . They also show that the planet is still chemically active . The Curiosity rover 's tapping into organics in rock is the first find ever of life 's building blocks on Mars ' surface . Gas blast The rover has run into pockets of gas on Mars : methane , often used to fire up gas stoves back on Earth . Organic matter is made up of carbon bonded with other elements , often hydrogen and oxygen . Living things are made up of it , but life is not necessary for it to exist . Methane is the smallest organic compound , consisting of one carbon and four hydrogen atoms . On our planet , methane is a fossil fuel , but it can also rise out of rotting sewage or fly through the air in flatulence . In other words , it usually comes from something living , or something that was once alive . No life found That could be the case on Mars , too , NASA said in a statement this week . But the space agency carefully points out that methane can also come from inanimate sources as well . "  There are many possible sources , biological or non-biological , such as interaction of water and rock , " said Sushil Atreya , a scientist on the Curiosity team . At this point , NASA does n't know if microbes are behind the gas or just minerals . Researchers used Curiosity 's instruments a dozen times to get a breath of methane , and four of those times , it peaked at a level 10 times higher than usual . They believe it may have been puffed up from the ground like little burps . Organic rock Curiosity also found organic matter while drilling into stone . "  This first confirmation of organic carbon in a rock on Mars holds much promise , " said scientist Roger Summons , who works on the rover team . These building blocks of life could have formed on Mars , or meteorites could have brought them there . Scientists are n't sure yet . Also , they ca n't be completely sure what molecules they are , because a coincidental chemical reaction that occurs in the detection device skews some of the samples . So far , they 've also found no sign of microbes in the rock powder , neither present nor past . The history of water on Mars has also been a popular research topic . The analysis of hydrogen atoms Curiosity found in rock have led NASA scientists to conclude that much of Mars ' former oceans disappeared very early -- before the rocks were formed .	The Curiosity rover found high levels of methane gas and other organic matter in rock It could have been produced by microbes , but there is no concrete evidence of that Other chemical reactions can also produce organic compounds But existence of organic compounds on Mars are sign it may have supported life before
Washington  CNN  -- I was in the building at Fort Hood , Texas , in June where 43 people were shot this week . I was sent to Fort Hood along with CNN Pentagon correspondent Barbara Starr and videographer Phil Littleton . During our visit , we were in and out of several buildings . One of them is now a crime scene , a killing ground in the heart of one of America 's largest military installations . Col. Ben Danner was our public affairs escort . When I called him Thursday , Danner told me the shooting happened at the Soldier Readiness Center that we had visited during our trip . The purpose of our visit was to learn how Fort Hood was helping soldiers cope with stress and mental health problems . It was a high priority for the commanders there . I grabbed the tape and disks with the video from our trip and cued up the video of the center . It was just as I remembered -- a low , brick building . There was one main entrance . A sergeant/nurse was directing traffic as people constantly moved in and out . Once inside , the space was about the size of a basketball court . And there were lines , lines of soldiers everywhere . The lines to our right were about half a dozen soldiers deep . Those folks were standing . To the left , about 60 or so soldiers were waiting in another line . They got to sit in metal folding chairs . But as the line moved , they moved from chair to chair . I do n't think any of them got to sit in the same chair more than 30 seconds . The place looked like the Department of Motor Vehicles at lunchtime on the last Friday of the month . Only everybody was in Army camouflage fatigues . Beyond those lines were cubicles , each one with a least one line leading into it . All these soldiers were getting paperwork stamped or signed . Or they were undergoing routine medical examinations . One area was just for vaccinations . Everyone got poked with a needle at least once . Everything was done out in the open , with only cubicle walls to keep soldiers in one line from seeing what soldiers in the other line were going through . I was able to wander around and watch , while Barbara talked to the top officers and Phil took video of all the goings on . I remember the only place where someone could get privacy was way in the back , a few small offices with walls and a door that could be closed . I was told that 's where soldiers would be taken if a routine mental health exam indicated a more thorough one might be needed . What I do n't remember was a back door . There may have been one . I probably missed it . But the only door I remember is the one where the sergeant/nurse was directing traffic . And I 've been thinking about her as the details of the shootings emerged . The sergeant/nurse was a no-nonsense woman . She 'd greet everyone just as they walked in  first making sure they removed their hats  . If they had the right paperwork , she sent them to the first of what would be many lines . If they did n't have the right paperwork , she 'd turn them around and send them out to get it . And when the soldiers had gone through all the lines , there was to be no loitering by that door . She 'd send them on their way . I do n't remember her exact rank . But I know she was a nurse ; I asked her because she reminded me of my sister who is a nurse and also skilled at "  running the show . " After we were done in June , I went to her and told her that while there were plenty of captains , majors and colonels around , I could tell this was her facility . I was grateful she let us take pictures inside there that day . She gave me a quick smile and went right back to work . As I write this , I worry about that sergeant/nurse . Since I do n't remember her name , I may never know if she was there when the horror erupted . If she was working , I 'm sure she would have stopped the gunman , asking him why he was there . If he was holding two guns , he may not have been able to remove his cap . She may not have had enough time to say something . I hope she did not become his first victim . Maybe she 's safe and sound , at home with her loved ones . But 43 others are not safe and sound . And all over the country , people with friends and family Army are worried about their loved ones . Was he or she in that building , stuck in line when the shooting began ?	CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy had assignment at Fort Hood in June Visit focused on efforts to help soldiers cope with stress , mental health problems Shaughnessy likens the Soldier Readiness Center to a busy DMV Watch a CNN investigation on the shootings at Saturday 8 p.m. ET on CNN TV
CNN  -- Naturalist Beth Pratt has been exploring and celebrating wildlife since she was a child , whether discovering the great whales of Cape Cod with her parents or creating a special luxury habitat for her backyard frogs . As a young girl she gazed with longing at photos of grizzly bears and wolves , and vowed to see the charismatic mega-fauna of the West . She realized her dream in her 20-year career in environmental leadership has included work at Yosemite and Yellowstone national parks . She 's the director of the National Wildlife Federation 's California office , living just outside Yosemite . Pratt has wandered extensively throughout Yosemite 's backcountry , hiked the John Muir Trail , swam the mile-long Tenaya Lake in Yosemite and run the Cape Cod Marathon with her father and "  survived "  her word  the Tioga Pass Run : a 12.4-mile trek entirely uphill gaining 3,000 feet in elevation to arrive at the entrance of Yosemite . To mark Earth Day 2013 , CNN.com asked Pratt to share some of her favorite spots to find nature . Here are some of her recommendations and what makes each wild place special , in her own words : Gaylor Lakes Trail , Yosemite National Park , California Yosemite National Park is my favorite place on Earth , and the area near Tioga Pass is my favorite place in Yosemite . My annual rite of spring is hiking the Gaylor Lakes trail . Depending on the snowpack levels , in some years I 've trekked through deep snow , while in other years the trail has been bone dry . Gaylor Lakes offers an array of wonders -- five shimmering blue , subalpine lakes , views of Yosemite 's high peaks , colorful spring wildflowers like lupine and monkey flower , and ruins of the Great Sierra silver mine . There are also possible encounters with some of my favorite critters : the unbearably cute pika and the annual spring love songs of the Yosemite toad and Pacific chorus frogs . This trail starts right at the Tioga Pass entrance station  almost 10,000 feet in elevation  and is great for all levels of hikers as you can stop at the first view  about three-quarters of a mile  and call it a day or do the whole five-mile loop . The first three-quarters of a mile is all uphill , but you are rewarded with stunning views of Yosemite 's high country at the top , including the Cathedral Range , Kuna Crest and Mount Dana as well as middle Gaylor Lake . Do n't stop there , as the rest of the hike allows you to wander through a sublime , expansive basin and is much less strenuous . Mount Washburn , Yellowstone National Park , Wyoming When I worked in Yellowstone and people asked me what to do if they only had a day in the park , I would recommend the Mount Washburn hike . Yellowstone is in Idaho , Montana and Wyoming , but Mount Washburn is in Wyoming . It 's easily the best trail in Yellowstone in terms of bang for your wildlife , wildflower and scenery buck . In just the drive alone to Mount Washburn in springtime , no matter what your approach , nature will reward you with some unprecedented wildlife sightings , as it 's the seasonal baby boom in Yellowstone , which includes the adorable orange bison calves , and gangly elk youngsters , along with grizzly and black bears cubs . Spring is the best time for wildlife viewing in Yellowstone , and my record is eight grizzly bears , one wolf and one moose  and countless bison , bighorn , pronghorn and elk  in one day . Dunraven Pass is usually awash with yellow flowers in springtime as well . On the hike , you 'll be strolling through wildflower gardens , which usually peak in July and August . And you 'll likely encounter the herds of bighorn sheep that frequent the rocky terrain . It 's rare to see rams here , but the cuteness of the playful antics of the young lambs more than compensates . The hike to the summit is six miles round trip and with access usually in June , just depending on the snowpack . Great Smoky Mountains National Park , North Carolina and Tennessee On a visit to the Great Smoky Mountains a few years ago , I searched of course for frogs  the park has 13 species of frogs and toad  , but saw a bright red salamander crawling on a rock during a hike , and when I asked my guide about its species , I learned an amazing fact -- the Great Smoky Mountains are known as the "  Salamander Capital of the World . " The area houses five families of salamanders and 30 species . They are nicknamed "  spring lizards " in the Appalachians , although they are technically not lizards . The Hellbender salamander , the largest in the Great Smoky Mountains , can reach 29 inches in length . Some places to see salamanders in springtime , near any wet area in the park , include Grotto Falls at the Trillium Gap Trailhead ; Ramsey Cascades  the tallest waterfall in the park  ; Cove Hardwood self-guiding nature trail , which starts from Chimney 's Picnic Area ; and Little River Watershed for the Hellbender salamanders . The Ash Hooper Branch Wildflower Trail is one of the best hikes for wildflowers and also pretty good for salamanders . Lands End Coastal Trail , San Francisco I recently discovered the beginning of this incredible trail with magnificent views of California 's rocky coast when I went to Sutro Baths at Lands End in search of Sutro Sam , the first river otter in San Francisco in more than 50 years . While I snapped photos of him swimming playfully in the bathhouse ruins , someone yelled , "  Dolphins . " I turned around and saw bottlenose dolphins and their calves swimming in the Pacific . For wildlife , more than 200 species of resident and migratory birds have been sighted here . Fall is the big bird migration , but springtime is no slouch either  April and May  . For me , what makes this hike special  now that Sutro Sam has ventured off in search of a mate  is the possibility of marine mammal sightings . Aside from the bottlenose dolphins I saw , you might also observe gray whales and harbor porpoises . Harbor porpoises have recently returned to the San Francisco Bay after 65 years , and it 's always great to see them frolicking . I recommend doing the easy 3.5-mile trip that starts at Sutro Baths near the Cliff House Restaurant . If it 's clear , you 'll get a view of the Marin Headlands and the Golden Gate Bridge , walk among willows , cypress and Monterey Pines , and see some native wildflowers . Beartooth Highway , Montana and Wyoming The late CBS News travel correspondent Charles Kuralt called U.S. 212 , or Beartooth Highway , "  the most beautiful road in America . " For me , it 's true . My jaw dropped open in awe the entire drive ; this was a continual scenic vista on steroids . I recommend you drive this magnificent 67-mile highway by all means , but get out of the car as well . There are many beautiful lakes to see a short walk from the road . The Island Lake trailhead , one mile east of the Top of the World Store at the end of a short road to Island Lake Campground , provides as much or as little a hike as you like . Be sure to look  and listen  for pika along the route . Besides frog , pika are a favorite critter of mine . These intrepid creatures live at high altitudes and do not hibernate in the winter . Instead they gather vegetation in haystacks to dry for winter forage . And they are also unbearably cute . Listen for their distinctive high-pitched chirping as you walk through rocky terrain . And the springtime wildflowers are stunning . I cherish the delicate sky pilot because the flowers seem to me like precious gems worn by the mountains . But the endless meadows filled with a purple-blue ocean of lupine , or the sunset orange-red of the Indian paintbrush  Wyoming 's state flower  will leave you speechless . The road usually opens , depending on snow conditions , mid-April to mid-June . Platte River , Nebraska In college , I drove across country every summer , visiting national parks and other wild areas . One year I visited friends in Kearney , Nebraska , the Sandhill Crane Migration capital of the world . As we strolled along the Platte River , I was disappointed to learn I would just miss the fall stop over . The Sandhill Crane migration is a truly remarkable event . More than 80 % of all of the world 's sandhill cranes  about 500,000  make a pit stop in spring here before heading north to their summer breeding grounds . In addition , more than 10 million ducks and geese travel here as well . That 's a lot of birds . The spring migration runs from February to April . If you want to avoid the crowds and get out of the cars , birding friends recommend the North Platte Area such as at Buffalo Bill State Historic Park . In the Kearney area , Audubon 's Rowe Sanctuary offers tours for a fee . Cape Cod National Seashore , Massachusetts Cape Cod is my childhood wilderness , where I came to love both nature and the outdoors because of my parents ' affection for the place . We vacationed there annually throughout my youth , and eventually moved to the edge of Cape Cod , Plymouth , when I was in high school . I remember my dad taking me to see beached whales as a kid -- and live ones on whale watching trips -- and swimming in the waters of Cape Cod National Seashore . My favorite discovery on the beaches of Cape Cod was the horseshoe crabs . These relics from the dinosaur age transfixed me , and I would collect what I thought back then were dead horseshoe crabs -- I now know it 's their molted shells -- and bring them home to study . Finding a live one in the water was always a delight . Watching the horseshoe crabs spawn by the full moon , which they do generally from April to June , has always been a highlight for me . In my talks about California wildlife , I always end with a photo of a horseshoe crab , even though we lack the animal on the Pacific Coast . For me these ancient creatures engendered my love of wildlife , and they remind me of the wonder of running around the beaches of Cape Cod as a kid , excitedly searching for these prehistoric creatures in the soft sand .	An annual rite of spring is hiking the Gaylor Lakes trail at Yosemite National Park Mount Washburn is the best trail in Yellowstone in terms of bang for wildlife buck , naturalist says Children can search the beaches of Cape Cod for prehistoric horseshoe crabs
CNN  -- After a year of tumultuous weather and global change , it should not be surprising that 2012 proved to be a transformative period for public opinion on energy . Changing attitudes on the most hotly debated topics matter a great deal because they set the course for future policy decisions . Taking a closer look at trends over the past 12 months hints at what to expect in several key areas of the U.S. energy landscape in 2013 . Natural gas boom -- and controversy Hydraulic fracturing , also known as "  fracking , " has been around for more than half a century , but recently expanded rapidly because of advances in horizontal drilling deep underground . Despite this proliferation of new wells , 59 % of Americans say they are unfamiliar with the term , down from 63 % in March , according to the latest findings from the University of Texas at Austin 's Energy Poll . Although the majority still does not seem to know much about fracking , a deluge of media attention to this controversial extraction technology has likely raised its profile significantly since last year . However , increased awareness is not synonymous with public approval . Among those familiar with hydraulic fracturing , support decreased from 48 % to 41 % over six months . Similarly , a December poll by Bloomberg reported that 66 % of Americans would like greater government oversight of the process , up from 56 % in September . When Matt Damon 's new film "  Promised Land " debuts in January , expect public recognition and heated debate over hydraulic fracturing to rise further . Climate change gets real When Gov. Mitt Romney quipped , "  President Obama promised to begin to slow the rise of the oceans " at the 2012 Republican National Convention , his audience burst into laughter . During the debates that followed , neither party 's nominee mentioned climate change once as a policy priority . Weeks later , Superstorm Sandy ravaged the Northeastern United States , flooding many parts of New York City , New Jersey and other regions along the Atlantic Coast . Both candidates immediately canceled campaign events in the wake of the storm and Mayor Michael Bloomberg endorsed President Obama , citing his commitment to tackling climate change . After a summer of record-breaking drought followed by this single powerful hurricane in a major metropolitan area , attitudes shifted . In March , 65 % of Americans surveyed said they thought that climate change was occurring . By September , after the summer drought , that number reached 73 % , with the greatest gains among Republicans and independent voters . Earlier this month , The Associated Press-GfK poll followed up , reporting that after Sandy , 78 % of Americans now say global temperatures are rising . Because weather can influence opinions on climate change , it 's possible that a wet and stormy winter -- ironically , also exacerbated by climate change -- could push attitudes in the other direction . Regardless , in 2013 expect to hear less argument about whether the Earth is warming and a more serious policy discussion by elected officials across levels of government about how we might mitigate the effects of rising seas , changing ocean acidity , agricultural uncertainty and extreme weather events . Renewables gain ground Renewable energy technologies have been available for decades , but 2012 may have been the tipping point for their wider adoption . There has been a significant increase in the percentage of Americans who say they are likely to buy hybrid or electric vehicles or use "  smart " electric meters within the next five years . Most notably , between September 2011 and September 2012 , the percentage of Americans who say they are likely to install solar panels at home increased from 21 % to 28 % . These trends may reflect changing attitudes on climate , media attention to energy during the election cycle , rising gas prices or cheaper , widely advertised new alternatives . Most likely , it 's a combination of all these . What 's clear is that we are now on the cusp of a renewables revolution with greater options and cost-saving technologies than ever . They are finally becoming more affordable , reliable and practical , with solar power at the helm . Still , it 's important to note that as we ring in 2013 , China , not the United States , has taken the lead on renewables . The big picture Polls tell the story of how attitudes are shifting , but short of having a crystal ball , there is no way to unequivocally predict what major world events will influence our nation 's energy future . For example , another nuclear disaster or offshore oil spill could play an enormous role in shaping the next generation of energy priorities . What can we count on in 2013 ? In the past year , the percentage of Americans saying they consider themselves knowledgeable on how energy is produced , delivered and used has increased from 24 % to 33 % . More are likely to seek added information about reducing their own energy use and a higher percentage rate energy issues as important to them . Amid economic uncertainty , volatile prices and global unrest , Americans are paying closer attention to the energy decisions that affect us all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sheril Kirshenbaum .	Public attitudes shifted on key energy issues in 2012 Sheril Kirshenbaum says controversy has grown over natural gas fracking boom She says climate change , renewable energy are likely to be on agenda for 2013 Kirshenbaum : A turbulent year has increased public interest in energy issues
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Some 43 years after a Beatles concert was -- according to popular belief -- banned by Israel , Paul McCartney has announced he 'll perform there in September . Paul McCartney says he 's looking forward to playing a concert in Israel next month . The show , which will be held September 25 in Tel Aviv , had been rumored for months . Promoters are saying it will be one of the biggest concerts ever held in Israel , and they hope it will encourage other top stars to come to Israel . A web site offering tickets for the concert put prices at 1,500 shekels and 490 shekels or between $ 426.86 and $ 139.44 U.S. dollars . Israelis "  will finally get the chance to experience a night of music and history they have been waiting decades for , " a news release on McCartney 's Web site announced Wednesday . Two plane loads of equipment will be arriving with around 100 McCartney production people . The concert will cost around $ 10 million to produce and the organizers said they are hoping to make a profit . In the mid-1960s , when the Fab Four from Liverpool , England , ruled the music charts , a concert in Israel was proposed . It never happened . The long-told story maintained that Beatlemania was deemed too potentially injurious to Israel 's youth . A more recent theory , however , blamed the ban on a tiff between competing concert promoters . Whatever the reason , Israelis never got to experience The Beatles live . Earlier this year , Israel 's ambassador to Britain , Ron Prosor , visited Liverpool and apologized to The Beatles for the "  misunderstanding . " In a letter Prosor wrote : "  There is no doubt that it was a great missed opportunity to prevent people like you , who shaped the minds of the generation , to come to Israel and perform . " McCartney and Ringo Starr are the only surviving Beatles . John Lennon was slain by a deranged gunman in 1980 ; George Harrison died of cancer in 2001 . McCartney is billing the Tel Aviv show his "  Friendship First " concert . "  I 've heard so many great things about Tel Aviv and Israel , but hearing is one thing and experiencing it for yourself is another , " McCartney said in the news release . "  We are planning to have a great time and a great evening . We ca n't wait to get out there and rock . "	Former Beatle Paul McCartney to play in Tel Aviv , Israel , in September Beatles concert was banned by Israel in mid-1960s Stories differ as to why Fab Four were banned by Israel
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China will cut production of rare earths -- minerals vital for technology makers worldwide -- by 20 % , a move that threatens to inflame trade tensions between Beijing and Washington . Rare earths are 17 minerals with magnetic and conductive properties that are used in most of today 's electronic devices , including flat-screen televisions , smart phones , hybrid cars and weapons . Nearly all of the world 's supply of rare earths comes from China . China changed production rules , which will close down one-third of the nation 's 23 mines and about half of 99 smelting companies , Jia Yinsong , director of the ministry 's rare earths office , told China Daily Wednesday . U.S. military 's rare earth concerns China implemented the rules to improve environmental conditions and help consolidate the industry , officials said . The new regulations boost the minimum annual output at mines to 20,000 metric tons and 2,000 tons per year for smelting operation -- a move which will weed out smaller operations . The U.S. , Japan and the European Union have complained to the World Trade Organization that China 's rare earths export restrictions violate trade rules . WTO case against China over rare earths announced by Obama The minerals include cerium , neodymium , dysprosium , tungsten and molybdenum . Tungsten , for example , is used in electronics , automotive , aerospace and medical technologies . China produces 91 % of the world 's tungsten . Molybdenum is a metallic element used for filaments in light bulbs . China produces 36 % of the world 's molybdenum . Rare earths are not actually "  rare , " and can be found in other countries - including the U.S. - but are difficult to mine safely . About a third of the world 's rare earth deposits are in China but the country controls more than 90 % of production , in part due to its lower labor costs and less stringent environmental regulations . What are rare earth minerals ? CNN 's Irene Chapple contributed to this report	State media : China will cut production of rare earths by 20 % China produces more than 90 % of the minerals , which are vital for technology makers Officials : Cuts necessary for environmental reasons , industry consolidation U.S. , Japan and EU have filed complaints with WTO against China on rare earths trade
CNN  -- As Rafael grew into a hurricane , residents and officials on the tiny island of Bermuda were expecting the storm to pass by Tuesday . The island 's top emergency official said residents and tourists should see strong winds and rough seas as the storm approaches but expressed confidence that Rafael 's impact would be minimal . "  We are expecting the worst of the storm to pass to our east , and it will therefore be business as usual tomorrow , " Wayne Perinchief , chairman of Bermuda 's Emergency Measures Organization , said Monday . Forecasters said the island might see 2 to 4 inches of rain from the storm . The storm , with 85 mph winds , was centered about 545 miles  about 880 kilometers  south of Bermuda on Monday night , according to the National Hurricane Center in Miami . It was moving north at 10 mph , forecasters said . "  It 's far enough away for our culture to not feel a threat yet . ... We 're so used to this , season after season . Most people have their plywood in their garages at home , already pre-cut and labeled , " said resident John Manderson . "  So often , we get storms that come so close . " The 46-year-old telecommunications consultant said the harbor waters near his office in Hamilton , Bermuda , were calm Monday . Yet forecasters predicted the storm will become a hurricane later in the day . Authorities in Bermuda have issued a tropical storm warning , meaning tropical storm conditions are possible there within 36 hours . That warning does n't faze residents , Manderson said , but a change in the forecast might . "  If people feel like we 're going to have a direct hit or a Category 1 only 100 miles or less away , you 'll see people running around like crazy just to finish preparations , " he said . He updated CNN on Monday night , saying residents were still going on as normal but he expected to see residents take action in the morning . While the National Hurricane Center expects Rafael will stay well to the east of the Bahamas through Monday night , it is warning of life-threatening surf conditions and rip currents on the eastward-facing beaches of the Bahamas over the next few days . Farther south , the northern Leeward Islands , which were drenched by the storm over the weekend , can expect 1 to 3 additional inches of rain , bringing the total rainfall from Rafael in some pockets to as much as 12 inches , forecasters said . "  These rains could cause life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , especially in areas of mountainous terrain , " the hurricane center said . Read more : Tropical Storm Leslie expected to pass east of Bermuda CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Nigel Walwyn and Greg Seaby contributed to this report .	NEW : Rafael becomes a Category 1 hurricane Officials advise residents to prepare , but say the storm should pass east of the island Forecasters say they expect the tropical storm to become a hurricane Monday night
CNN  -- Pippa Mann is hoping to make history after becoming the first female British driver to enter the prestigious Indianapolis 500 race . The Londoner is among 42 entries for the 100th anniversary of the U.S. motorsport event next month , and joins three other women vying for one of 33 available grid slots . 2010 IndyCar Rookie of the Year Simona De Silvestro of Switzerland , Brazilian Ana Beatriz and American Danica Patrick will also be among competitors going through a series of qualifying tests the week before the May 29 race . The 27-year-old Mann will make her debut in the 500-mile IZOD IndyCar Series , it was announced on Tuesday , driving the number 36 car for the Conquest Racing team at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . Mann , who made her first test in an IndyCar in March , will be joined by Colombian driver Sebastian Saavedra to complete Conquest Racing 's line-up for the event . "  I 'm really excited to be entering the Indy 500 , " Mann told CNN . "  Obviously it 's always good to be the first to do something . If I can encourage other British women to compete at this level , then that 's an added bonus . "  There are a lot of entries for the race this year , so it 's a somewhat interesting time to be a rookie , but my qualifying record on super speedways is good and I 'm definitely up for the challenge . " Conquest Racing team owner Eric Bachelart said Mann is a "  natural " on oval track racing , and proved her competency when she tested for Conquest in Texas earlier this year . Mann was the 2010 Freedom 100 pole-sitter , and the first and only woman to win a pole position at the Indianapolis Motor Speedway . The U.S. resident joins the IZOD IndyCar Series following a successful Firestone Indy Lights campaign with Sam Schmidt Motorsports in 2010 , where Mann earned three pole positions , finishing fifth in the drivers ' championship .	Pippa Mann hoping to become the first British woman to race in Indianapolis 500 The Londoner will attempt to qualify for Conquest Racing team next month Mann is one of four women and 42 overall entries in Indy 500 's centennial edition She believes her qualifying record on super speedways will help earn one of 33 places
CNN  -- Police in New Jersey arrested a teenager in connection with a public-address-system announcement telling "  all blacks " to leave a Wal-Mart store , a police spokesman said . The 16-year-old boy is from Atlantic County , New Jersey , said deputy police chief John Dalesandro of the Washington Township Police Department . The suspect was arrested Friday in Atlantic County on bias intimidation and harassment charges , police said in a statement Saturday . He is in custody of his parents , police said . Gloucester County prosecutors say that shortly before 5 p.m. on March 14 , an unidentified male accessed the public address system at the Turnersville , New Jersey , Wal-Mart Supercenter Store . "  All blacks need to leave the store , " the voice announced . Store management contacted the Washington Township Police Department , which opened an investigation in conjunction with the county prosecutor 's office , Dalesandro said . Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Lorenzo Lopez said the company is "  just as appalled by this as anyone . " He emphasized that Wal-Mart , the world 's largest public corporation , is working with law enforcement officials . "  Whoever did this is wrong and acted in an inappropriate manner , " Lopez said . "  Clearly this is unacceptable . " Law enforcement officials said that Wal-Mart is now acting to limit the public address feature to a smaller number of in-store telephones . Lopez has confirmed that the New Jersey store is updating its intercom systems and that the company is looking at Sunday 's episode to see if there are any lessons for the retailer 's other 4,000-plus American stores .	Boy , 16 , arrested on bias intimidation and harassment charges Voice on Wal-Mart PA : "  All blacks need to leave the store " Wal-Mart acting to limit public address feature New Jersey store updating intercom systems
CNN  -- The judge who will take over the case of a Florida man accused of shooting an unarmed teenager has high ratings from defense lawyers but is n't known as a "  soft touch , " one Florida attorney said Wednesday . Seminole County Circuit Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. will start by presiding over a bond hearing for George Zimmerman on Friday . Lester was assigned the intensely scrutinized case Wednesday afternoon after the recusal of Judge Jessica Recksiedler , who had been asked to step aside by Zimmerman 's lawyer . Bond hearing set for Friday ; Recksiedler steps aside "  He 's a great judge , " Orlando lawyer Diana Tennis told CNN sister network HLN . "  He 's been on the bench a really long time . He 's very no-nonsense . He 's a real fast talker , very efficient , gets the cases in and out . " Tennis said Lester is "  not known as a soft touch " but has a reputation for listening to both sides of a case . "  I would definitely not call him a huge friend to the defense particularly , but he 's very fair if you go in and do the right thing , " she said . Mike Snure , whose Winter Park law firm handles criminal and juvenile trials and appeals , said Lester 's appointment is "  good fortune for both sides . " "  He 's known to be friendly with all the people who appear before him , on both sides , " Snure said . "  He 's a lawyer 's judge . " Snure , who said he has tried about 50 to 100 cases before Lester , said he has a professional relationship with the judge . They see each other only in the courtroom . "  Nobody thinks he 's unfair , " the attorney said . "  When both sides think the guy 's fair , he 's probably fair . " Referring to the defense and prosecution , Snure said , "  I do n't think anyone went to bed tonight thinking , ` Boy , we got a break . ' " Lester has been a judge since 1996 and has previously handled juvenile , probate and mental health cases . A 2011 poll by the Central Florida Association of Criminal Defense Lawyers rated him the top judge in Seminole County for legal knowledge and diligence . He had the second-highest overall score among Seminole County circuit judges in that survey , which also ranked the jurists for impartiality , freedom from bias and demeanor . Lester has practiced law since 1980 , after getting his legal education at the University of Florida . He and his wife have been married 29 years and have two children , and he teaches wrestling on the side , Seminole County court spokeswoman Michelle Kennedy said . He 'll be in a national spotlight when he takes on the case of Zimmerman , who is charged with second-degree murder in the killing of Trayvon Martin . The 17-year-old was shot to death February 26 while walking through the Sanford , Florida , community where Zimmerman , 28 , served as a neighborhood watch volunteer . Case divides city of Sanford Martin was unarmed , but Zimmerman told police the teen was beating him . Sanford police decided not to immediately bring charges against Zimmerman , sparking protests and a furious debate about race , guns and a Florida law that allows residents to use deadly force in public without first retreating from a confrontation . Martin was African-American ; Zimmerman is Hispanic . Zimmerman 's lawyer , Mark O'Mara , had asked Recksiedler to step aside because her husband is a law partner of Mark NeJame , an Orlando lawyer and CNN legal analyst . Recksiedler concluded that the arguments individually were "  legally insufficient " to force her recusal , but the "  totality of the circumstances " made her decide to hand the case to another judge . NeJame said Wednesday that Lester was a law school classmate he has known "  for 35 years , probably . " "  He 's just smart , measured , gets it , sees both sides of it , " he told CNN 's "  Erin Burnett OutFront . " He said Lester "  does n't miss a trick , " and "  his brain is as good as anybody I know . " "  He 's not going to let anything get by him , " NeJame said . "  He 's going to give both sides an absolute fair hearing whenever required , and give an absolute fair trial throughout this matter . " CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  When both sides think the guy 's fair , he 's probably fair , " one attorney says Kenneth Lester Jr. has been on the bench since 1996 Judge Jessica Recksiedler recused herself from the case earlier Wednesday
Washington  CNN  -- Congress went beyond the edge of the fiscal cliff to get a deal done in back-to-back , late-night sessions to avert a financial crisis , or at least to put it off for a couple months . Here are winners and losers in the deal : Winners Vice President Joe Biden : This might not have been the "  Big f *** ing deal " that he proclaimed the passage of Obamacare to be , but it was a pretty big deal . Biden used his years of experience cutting deals in the Senate to work out a compromise with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell . He used the same playbook in the first extension of the Bush-era tax cuts in 2010 and the debt ceiling fight in 2011 , walking through the proposal with progressives in the Senate and then the House to bring them in line . Then he went and got a sandwich . Biden has n't ruled out a run for the White House when Obama 's second term is up and his role in this deal makes a President Biden believable . Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell : He found the "  dance partner " he was looking for in Biden and skillfully worked behind the scenes with the vice president to broker a deal that got overwhelming Republican support in the Senate . It 's too early to tell whether McConnell will pay the price with hard-line conservatives at home in Kentucky who have already shown that they can oust Senate incumbents who anger them by working with Democrats . No real Republican opponent has emerged in his re-election race in 2014 but they mobilized two years ago to elect Rand Paul to the Senate over McConnell 's hand-picked candidate . Inside the deal President Barack Obama : White House insiders say he learned lessons in his first term and would be a tougher negotiator in his second . He did n't get the big deal that he set out for and some progressives think that he gave too much away , but getting Republican votes to raise taxes on the wealthy is significant . And he did pick Biden to be his vice president . The wealthy : Despite higher taxes , it could have been a lot worse . The unemployed : Another year of benefits for those actively looking for work . Five things to know about the fiscal cliff Losers The employed : The two-year payroll tax holiday is over , so take-home pay will go down -- around $ 2,000 less a year for the average wage earner as the rate went from 4.2 % to 6.2 % . But ending the tax holiday will add about $ 120 billion to federal coffers . House Speaker John Boehner : He had to pull his "  Plan B " back from the floor when it became clear that he did n't have the Republican votes for passage and then had to sit back and watch McConnell make a deal with Biden . On Tuesday , he was reduced to dodging microphones and listening to conservative members vent about the deal that was forced on them . While weakened , Boehner 's standing appears safe , though . Really , who would want this job ? House Republicans : Could their reputation get any worse ? First , they publicly threaten the deal passed by the Senate to up the anxiety for the nation on New Year 's Day . And then they cave when the votes to add spending cuts to that proposal never materialized . Finally , they tell Superstorm Sandy victims waiting for more help from Washington to wait longer -- pushing back a vote on an aid package . A grand bargain : Have you seen anything that makes you think these guys get a long-term deal done to address the real crisis on the debt ceiling a few more weeks down the road ? The can : That poor sucker gets a couple more dents and a few more scuffs as it gets kicked down the road again . iReport : What 's your message for Washington ?	Biden and McConnell lauded for their ability to work together on deal Obama sticks to his guns on deal -- for the most part Boehner takes some licks in fiscal cliff drama Congressional Republicans criticized for threatening deal
CNN  -- My friend Christine was into yoga long before it went mainstream , and she was good at it . She attended yoga camps , went on a yearly trek to India and even ritually cleansed her sinuses with warm saltwater -- literally sucked it up through her nose . She claimed it possessed a healing value and kept her from getting a cold . That was the '70s . She tried to convince me back then that yoga would be good for me , that it would loosen up my muscles and increase my body 's longevity . I wanted nothing to do with it . "  Are you kidding ? " I said . "  I ca n't stand still for two minutes , and you want me to do yoga ? " Yoga : Tap into the many health benefits I loved running and playing sports like soccer and volleyball , things that kept me moving all the time . The idea of stretching did n't really appeal to me . Neither , for that matter , did sucking saltwater into my nose . Twenty-five years went by , and lo and behold , I found that my body was getting more and more prone to injury , just like Christine predicted . The breaking point came six years ago , when I injured my hamstring at the beginning of Grandma 's Marathon in Minnesota and ended up walking 21 miles to finish the race in six hours and 14 minutes . Not exactly the kind of record I had been hoping to set . I figured if I wanted to keep being able to run , I had better learn how to stand still . Fortunately , I learned that there are different flavors of yoga . I tried Iyengar Yoga at first , and I can definitely see the appeal -- it 's a slower , more meditative practice , good for feeling centered and grounded . But Iyengar also uses a lot of props , and I did n't like that kind of interruption . It made it harder for me to get into a rhythm . Then one day I was working out at my gym when I noticed a class doing a very different kind of yoga -- power yoga , or Ashtanga . No props , no time wasted , and the people were in constant motion . Granted , it was a more "  sedentary " motion , if you will -- a series of poses like Downward Facing Dog and Warrior and Triangle -- but they switched from one to the other so fast it felt like a real workout . In fact , the only thing I did n't like about Ashtanga was that the pace really wore me out . Turns out that the 30-something yoga students were in better shape than the Marathon Man . Why you really should get ` Fit By 40 ' Over time , I 've improved -- and not just physically . Sure , my muscles feel looser than they have in years , and I 'm avoiding injuries as I grow older . My teacher , Janice , even tells me that my poses are improving . There 's more than that , though . Call it a cliche , but yoga really does feed your soul as much as it does your body . I 've learned that as much as I love being active and on the go , it really is necessary to take time out of each day to slow down , to forget about your computer , your smartphone and all those e-mails , to take some time away from your kids and your job and your responsibilities . To stop moving and focus simply on staying put . Now , does that mean I 'll start inhaling saltwater sometime soon ? My sinuses are doing just fine without it , thanks . But yoga has become a valuable part of my life , and it can do good things for you , too . This article was originally published in The Oakland Press .	"  Marathon Man " John Farah says yoga initially did n't appeal to him Now Farah does yoga regularly to prevent injury and loosen his muscles As cliche as it sounds , yoga also feeds the soul , Farah says
The National Labor Relations Board in Chicago has ruled that football players at Northwestern University are employees and can unionize , the board said Wednesday . In a statement , Northwestern acknowledged the ruling and says it plans to appeal . Read the board 's ruling  PDF The players ' petition was a way to get a seat at the bargaining table in college sports and could change the landscape of the NCAA model . Northwestern University fought the petition by saying its players are students , not employees . But the board 's decision indicates that there was enough evidence presented that the athletes are employees of the university -- getting paid in the form of scholarships , working between 20 and 50 hours per week and generating millions of dollars for their institutions . The athletes have said they 're seeking better medical coverage , concussion testing , four-year scholarships and the possibility of being paid . But while former Northwestern quarterback CJ Bacher said he agrees with the reform issues set forth by the College Athletes Players Association and other groups , he does n't think unionizing is the way to achieve those goals . "  While we agree with CAPA 's stated objectives , the decision made by the NLRB today is disconcerting to those of us that care deeply about the future success & stability of Northwestern athletics , " Bacher said . Richard Epstein , labor law professor at New York University , said the ruling has "  vast implications for the structure of the sport , if upheld . " But he noted an appeal would likely take years to resolve . The regional NLRB office said any requests for review of its decision must be filed with the board 's headquarters in Washington , D.C. by April 9 . The NCAA promptly said that while it was n't party to the proceeding , it was "  disappointed " with the board 's ruling and disagreed "  with the notion that student-athletes are employees . " "  We frequently hear from student-athletes , across all sports , that they participate to enhance their overall college experience and for the love of their sport , not to be paid , " said the statement from NCAA chief legal officer Donald Remy . "  While improvements need to be made , we do not need to completely throw away a system that has helped literally millions of students over the past decade alone attend college . "  We want student-athletes -- 99 percent of whom will never make it to the professional leagues -- focused on what matters most -- finding success in the classroom , on the field and in life . " Last week , Northwestern University 's president emeritus said that if the football players were successful forming a union , he could see the prestigious private institution giving up Division I football . "  If we got into collective bargaining situations , I would not take for granted that the Northwesterns of the world would continue to play Division I sports , " Henry Bienen said at the annual conference for the Knight Commission on Intercollegiate Athletics . He further said that if the players won their fight , private institutions with high academic standards -- he specifically cited Duke and Stanford -- could abandon the current model in order to preserve academic integrity . He compared it to the pullback of the Ivy League schools decades ago , when the Ivy League conference decided to opt out of postseason play and to end athletic scholarships , preserving the emphasis on academics for the players . "  In the 1950s , the ` Ivies ' had some of the highest-ranked football teams in the country . The Princeton teams were ranked in the top 5 or 10 at that time . They continue periodically to have ranked basketball teams , but they 've given up a certain kind of model of sports , " he said , adding that "  under certain conditions " the same could happen at other private elite universities that "  continue to play big time sports . " Jerry Price , senior associate athletic director at Princeton , said that change for the Ivy League allowed those schools to maintain academic integrity in the sports where , at other schools , academics can often be compromised in the name of the game . "  It was sort of a breaking point moment , " Price said , saying the Ivy League schools made the decision not to move forward like the bigger conferences -- to "  draw the line with the commercialization of what football was becoming . " "  And the results have been that Ivy football is not what it was in the first half of the 20th century , " Price said . "  Certainly not like Big Ten football , SEC football . Its crowds are generally less than 10,000 people . They play only 10 games a year . ... Certainly not what is going on at BCS level . " Bienen , who was president of Northwestern from 1995 to 2009 , made his comments during a panel discussion that included a presentation from Ramogi Huma , the president of the National College Players Association  NCPA  and the man who helped organize another former Northwestern quarterback , Kain Colter , to lead a unionization attempt . Huma talked , as he has for months , about the issues his organization sees as great flaws in the current NCAA model . The NCPA believes that athletes in the revenue-generating sports of college football and men 's basketball are taken advantage of by universities , conferences and the NCAA , making billions from games , while the players sometimes struggle with basic needs like medical care , concussion testing and guaranteed scholarships . Huma told CNN his organization has , for years , tried other strategies but failed . "  Everyone is entitled to opinions , but after a decade of advocacy , I 've tried every other way , " he said . "  We 've begged , pleaded , pressured , changed laws . There is no other way to bring forward comprehensive reform , and just like other billion-dollar industries , the answer is a union . " Huma said he wo n't comment on whether other teams at other schools are now planning to follow in the steps of the Northwestern football players , but he did note that the NLRB judge ruled in CAPA 's favor on every point they made . "  This sets a precedent , " Huma said . "  This ruling is going to apply to all private schools in  Division 1  . That 's a significant number of schools , a significant domino to fall where hundreds of thousands of players will have rights under labor law and that 's the first step in creating an environment where players are protected . " In March , the NCPA took its fight before the NLRB in Chicago and presented a case during a five-day hearing . Both sides recently submitted court briefs . Northwestern 's appeal could go as far as the U.S. Supreme Court , and it could take years before there is a definitive decision . During his daylong testimony last week , Colter talked about year-round time requirements , at times 50 hours a week devoted to football . Colter said he had to give up his major related to pre-med studies because he could n't fit the classes into his schedule . The university countered that by bringing in students who were able to stay in rigorous classes , but Colter 's sentiment was echoed by the NCAA itself in a 2012 survey that asked athletes what they would change about their college experience . About 15 % of men 's football , baseball and basketball players said they would have had different majors had they not been athletes . Twelve percent of Division I football players said athletics prevented them from majoring in what they wanted . The average time spent on athletics in-season hovered around 40 hours per week for all three sports , according to the survey . That flies in the face of the NCAA 20-hour rule , which states that , no matter the sport , coaches ca n't take up more than 20 hours of their players ' time .	NCAA "  disappointed " in ruling , warns against dismantling student-athlete system National Labor Relations Board rules in favor of Northwestern football players unionizing School 's president emeritus has that if the players won , Northwestern may forgo football Ex-quarterback told board he had to give up pre-med major because of football
"  Con dinero y sin dinero , hago siempre lo que quiero ... " Hubertus von Hohenlohe , the Mexican athlete and a descendant of German royalty hums the chorus of the popular Mexican song El Rey  The King  while he proudly shows off his Mariachi suit photos , which he will wear on the Sochi slopes at the Winter Olympics . . "  For me it was never a doubt , I knew that I wanted to ski and to compete for Mexico ; I was convinced from the beginning that this is my country , " Von Hohenlohe told CNNMéxico . Although he has more European royalty than Mexican blood running through his veins , Von Hohenlohe is considered "  an ambassador in style , " for being the only athlete that will represent Mexico in the Winter Games . "  It 's a lot of pride and a great responsibility , " said the veteran skier . "  We  in Mexico  are 100 million people and the only chance we have  of winning a medal  is up to me , but we do n't have to look at it like that , you have to see it as I 'm an ambassador of this country , an ambassador with style and a human force that goes beyond the result , " Being born in Mexico was a matter of luck for Von Hohenlohe , who is the son of the Prince and Princess of Wurttemberg , a century old kingdom that ruled Germany -- when there was still a monarchy in that country . His father , the late Prince Alfonso von Hohenlohe-Langenburg and mother , Princess Ira of Fürstenberg were in Mexico in a business related trip at the time of their son 's birth . In 1981 Von Hohenlohe founded the Mexican Federation of Winter Sports and since 1984 he has competed in the Olympics under Mexico 's flag , participating in Calgary 1988 , Albertville 1992 and Lillehammer 1994 . In Vancouver 2010 , after a long absence , Von Hohenlohe returned to the Olympics in the disciplines of slalom and giant slalom , when he became the oldest athlete to participate in the Winter Games as a 51-year-old . This year , the priority for the "  Mexican prince " of nearly 55 years , is not achieving results but to create among his countrymen a passion for winter sports . "  It 's not about monitoring my time , but to be there ; to ignite young people 's dreams that want to do the same , to represent Mexico in winter or summer , " says Von Hohenlohe , who qualified for the games after sneaking into the International Ski Federation  FIS  slalom category ranking . For his new Olympic adventure -- he insists it 's the last one -- Von Hohenlohe will combine his two passions : the sport and music by wearing a special Mariachi suit . A form of folk music from Mexico , Mariachi songs -- often played on festive occasions by groups of guitar , violin and trumpet performers wearing traditional clothes or wide-brimmed hats -- are sung throughout the country , and have become a key part of regional identity Blog : Will the Winter Olympics be safe ? The athlete , who also happens to be a singer , says he will wear his flamboyant uniform to reaffirm his Mexican pride . "  I am someone that when I go on stage I think about less important things that , at the end , provide some flavor , that promote a country , that sell an image , sell a story and since I ski , I will not generate much interest and many news for Mexico ; it is important for Mexico to be there and for people to value  the country 's presence  , " he says . Mexico , a country with little or no tradition in winter sports has slowly increased its presence in these kinds of competitions and in 2012 Joshua Montiel Santander competed in the skeleton category in the Innsbruck Winter Youth Olympic Games . Von Hohenlohe believes that the only way to encourage Mexican athletes to compete in such disciplines is to look beyond borders . "  Many Mexicans live in Canada or the United States . We have to find them ; train them . They need to have a certain dexterity ; skiing has to be in their blood ; it has to be something natural for them , " he said . Although the seasoned athlete recognizes that the monetary costs to practice some winter sports can be prohibitive , Von Hohenlohe also believes that it is possible to become involved in the sport if you are "  creative " and have a support system . Whle the build up to Sochi has had its fair share of negative headlines , Von Hohenlohe expressed his regret that the sporting event is being used as a political platform . "  The games are going to be an influence and Russia will realize they have to change , They have created a mega galactic event , everybody will come and celebrate the sport , they deserve it . " Although Sochi 2014 will be his last event , Von Hohenlohe will keep on supporting the young athletes who dream on qualifying for the Winter Olympics The Mexican Olympic Committee reported on its website that the Head of Mission for Mexico Carlos Pruneda and Von Hohenlohe are in discussions to work on a scouting project that aims to build a strong team for the next Winter Games . As well as sport though Von Hohenlhe plans to eedicate his time to music and photography . "  I 'm already doing a lot in art , in music , photography , TV documentaries and I have to focus on these to achieve what I 've reached with skiing , " said Von Hohenlohe , who has participated in television series and produced Hubertusjagd , a TV documentary that according to IMDB was released in Austria on May 2011 . In the late 80 's , Hohenlohe took a break of his sporting career to venture in the music business . The Mexican prince has recorded a couple of albums , with most of his songs are in German . But first he is planning to visit the Garibaldi Square , located at the center of Mexico City , to write Mariachi songs on his ski helmet . Interactive : Explore Sochi 's Games venues Interactive : From Sochi to the Super Bowl ...	Hubertus von Hohenlohe will ski for Mexico at the Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics Of Germany royal descent , he was born while his parents were in Mexico on business In 1981 Von Hohenlohe founded the Mexican Federation of Winter Sports The 55-year-old will be competing in his sixth Winter Olympics
CNN  -- In a sporting world where the big boys invariably grab all the glory , there is one competition where the romantic notion of the underdog toppling the giant sometimes becomes reality . Not often , but regularly enough to keep seemingly hopeless dreams alive . The English FA Cup is soccer 's oldest knockout competition , and while it is often won by the greatest teams in the Premier League it is also the source of some of the greatest upset results . "  When you are a football club you dream of playing at Wembley , and today we saw the underdogs play with incredible bravery , incredible belief and they defied the odds again . That 's the FA Cup , " said Roberto Martinez after his Wigan Athletic team made their dream come true with a shock win against Manchester City on Saturday . It was a result that ranked with Wimbledon 's 1988 victory over Liverpool and Southampton 's 1976 upset of Manchester United . When Wigan lined up against City at Wembley , England 's national stadium , there could not have been two more contrasting teams . City -- funded by the oil money of its Abu Dhabi oil owners , winner of the Premier League last season and the FA Cup the one before that -- up against a Wigan side in its first final , having been a top-flight club for less than a decade . Wigan 's team cost Â # 11 million  $ 17 million  in transfer fees -- City 's squad had 11 players who had individually cost more than that . Even before Sheikh Mansour bin Zayed Al Nahyan completed a reported $ 300 million takeover in 2008 , City was already an established football name , even if its fortunes had faded since the 1960s and '70s . Neighboring Wigan , on the other hand , was a non-league club until 1978 and only started moving up the divisions when entrepreneur Dave Whelan bought it in 1995 . Whelan was a former footballer who played in the FA Cup final for Blackburn in 1960 , but badly broke his leg as his team lost , and never featured with a top team after that . He subsequently made his money with a chain of grocery stores and then got into the sportswear business . Now 76 , he is an institution in the north-west town , having owned its rugby league team while also funding the football club 's stadium -- which was first named after his business and is now known by his initials . A sometimes controversial figure -- a backer of the Conservative party , he was the only leading football figure to call for a minute 's silence to honor the late former Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher -- he has presided over a club that has battled to stay in the Premier League for the past few seasons . "  What an incredible story , " Martinez said after an injury-time header from substitute Ben Watson earned a shock 1-0 victory over City , who had Pablo Zabaleta sent off for a second yellow card in the 85th minute . "  The chairman broke his leg in 1960 and today , finally , it 's finished business for him . " Whelan was given special dispensation to lead out the team , as Wigan played its second major final -- having lost in the 2006 League Cup in Cardiff . But now , although Martinez 's team is guaranteed European football next season , Wigan 's chances of staying in the top division hang by a thread with just two matches to play . The Latics , as they are known , occupy the third and final relegation place and will have little time to celebrate the club 's greatest day as Tuesday brings a trip to Champions League contenders Arsenal . "  We are going to get an incredible fight , incredible desire , to get the six points we 've got left , " Martinez said . "  But today is about today , today is about the FA Cup , today is about the victory and the trophy that we 've won for Wigan Athletic . What an incredible story . " Martinez has been widely linked with a move to Everton following the imminent departure of David Moyes to replace Alex Ferguson at Manchester United , and was last year one of the candidates to take over at Liverpool before Brendan Rodgers got the job . He is highly rated by Whelan , who has stood by the 39-year-old despite a seemingly constant Houdini act in keeping the club in the EPL , but it remains to be seen whether City 's owners will show the same patience with their manager Roberto Mancini . The Italian cut a forlorn figure at Wembley after the defeat left his side without a trophy this season , having been second best in the league as Manchester United won back the title . Ferguson 's surprise announcement this week that he is retiring after more than 26 years in charge took much of the focus off the FA Cup final , but the buildup to the match came with widespread rumors that Mancini will be replaced by former Real Madrid coach Manuel Pellegrini , who guided Malaga to the Champions League quarterfinals this season . Pellegrini revealed on Saturday that he and several players would be leaving the Spanish club at the end of this season due to its money problems , which have resulted in a ban from future European competition under UEFA 's financial fair play rules . "  Everyone would prefer to stay but unfortunately , the circumstances we are in do n't allow that , " the Chilean said . Mancini helped City end a long wait for a trophy when he won the FA Cup in his first season in charge , but Saturday 's defeat could be the end of the road for the 48-year-old after a difficult season in which he sold problematic striker Mario Balotelli -- who he had signed in 2010 from his former club Inter Milan -- and failed to make it past the group stage in the Champions League . "  This speculation is rubbish . If I said it 's rubbish , it 's rubbish ... speculation and rubbish , " he angrily told UK match broadcaster ITV . Mancini said he was "  very sorry " for the 40,000 City fans who traveled to London for the match , which was played in pouring rain . "  They scored in the last minute so for us it was difficult . But we did n't play very well -- I do n't know why , " he told ESPN . "  It was a difficult season because our target was to win the Premier League , and we did n't win it . But this can happen , it 's impossible to win always . "  And after we had this chance to win another cup ... this moment is difficult . " Earlier Saturday , Frank Lampard became Chelsea 's all-time leading scorer with both goals in a 2-1 victory over Aston Villa that all but ensured the London side will play in the Champions League next season . The 34-year-old England midfielder has yet to be offered a new contract by the club , but he gave owner Roman Abramovich food for thought as he passed Bobby Tambling 's longstanding mark of 202 . The win put third-placed Chelsea five points clear of Arsenal and six ahead of Tottenham , who both have a game in hand . Villa took the lead through Christian Benteke 's 19th league goal this season but the Belgian was sent off after the halftime break . Chelsea had lost Ramires for a second booking before the break , but Lampard fired in a left-foot shot on the hour and finished from close range with nine minutes to play to take his tally to 15 this season in the EPL and 17 overall . However , defender John Terry and midfielder Eden Hazard were taken off with injuries and are battling to be fit for Wednesday 's Europa League final against Benfica . Meanwhile , Manchester United midfielder Paul Scholes announced on Saturday that he will be retiring for the second time . The 38-year-old quit in 2011 but was persuaded to return by Ferguson the following year . He has not played since January , but Ferguson confirmed that the former England international will make his 498th EPL appearance on Sunday at home to Swansea . "  He will collect an unbelievable but well-deserved 11th Premier League medal , " Ferguson said ahead of his own final home match at Old Trafford .	Underdog Wigan beats big-spending Manchester City 1-0 in Saturday 's FA Cup final Substitute Ben Watson heads the only goal in the first minute of time added on City reduced to 10 men when Pablo Zabaleta is sent off in the 85th minute Frank Lampard becomes Chelsea 's all-time leading scorer in win over Aston Villa
CNN  -- The news that America now has more cell phone subscribers than people does n't surprise documentary filmmaker Tiffany Shlain . "  There 's 5 billion cell phones on the planet , but only 2 billion people online , " said the director , whose new film "  Connected " explores our increasing dependence on the electronic devices we carry . Shlain seems to have a love-hate relationship with technology . In the film 's trailer she recounts a story of being at dinner with a friend and pretending to go the bathroom so she could check her e-mail on her smartphone . "  Everything is happening so fast . There does n't seem to be a lot of time to really talk about what it is doing to us , " said Shlain , who is also a founder of the Webby Awards . "  What does it mean to be connected in the 21st century ? What 's the good ? What 's the bad ? What 's the hope ? " Thanks to smartphones , people are n't just connecting through calls anymore . Increasingly , they 're messaging on their phones through texts , e-mail , Facebook or Twitter -- streams of incoming information that are now accessible to us anytime and anywhere we have a signal . According to a trade industry report by the Cellular Telecommunications Industry Association , the United States has 327 million cell phone subscribers , more than its 315 million people . Shlain believes her film presents technology as a next step in shaping society . "  These phones extend our desire for emotional connection . So these are all expanding human capacity because it 's us evolving . We continue to want to have more ways to exchange ideas and connect , " she said . But Shlain also thinks there is a darker side to our always-on , always-connected society . "  People have gotten incredibly rude . When you are with a good friend you should not have your cell phone right here like a ticking bomb . I think there should be no texting in funerals . When you walk in to greet your husband or partner , you should not be talking on a cell phone . " In the film , Shlain ponders what the lasting impact of this information explosion will be . "  I wonder if people are going to look back on this period and say , ' I can not believe people used their cell phones so much in every situation and there were no boundaries , " she said . In her own life , Shlain has taken action to limit her digital diet . One day a week , she and her family have a technology shutdown . "  All of the screens go off for 24 hours and it 's the most delicious , long , wonderful day . I read , I write in my journal , I hang out with my kids and my husband and the day feels like four days in one . Then we all ca n't wait to go back online . It kind of helps you re-appreciate technology in a new way . " "  Connected " is in limited release in the United States . To learn more , check out the film 's website .	Filmmaker Tiffany Shlain has a new documentary , "  Connected , " about our digital lifestyle Shlain : There 's a good and bad side to technology , and both help shape society She and her family shut off all technology one day a week For first time , number of U.S. cell phone subscribers has surpassed population
Shellie Zimmerman , the wife of George Zimmerman -- who was acquitted of second-degree murder in Trayvon Martin 's death -- pleaded guilty Wednesday to a misdemeanor charge of perjury . She will be placed on probation for one year , is required to perform 100 hours of community service , and must pay court costs . She also must file a letter of apology within 30 days to Judge Kenneth Lester , who presided over her husband 's case at the time the perjury was committed . Prosecutors said Shellie Zimmerman lied when she told Lester during an April 2012 bond hearing for her husband that the family was indigent . In fact , they argue , George Zimmerman actually had about $ 135,000 at the time . Recorded jailhouse phone calls between the couple caught the two speaking in code about their finances . By pleading guilty to a lesser charge of perjury not in an official proceeding , she avoided the original third-degree felony offense -- perjury during an official proceeding -- that could have meant time in prison . George Zimmerman was acquitted by a six-person jury in July on second-degree murder and manslaughter charges in the killing of Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida . Zimmerman to ask for $ 200,000 from Florida for court costs Shellie Zimmerman 's guilty plea comes one day after her husband 's attorney revealed plans to file a reimbursement request to the state of Florida for expenses incurred during his trial . Under Florida law , an acquitted defendant can not be held liable for court costs or any charges while detained in custody , as long as a clerk or judge consents to the refund . The costs may include money spent for expert witnesses , travel expenses and fees for transcripts -- but do not include any attorney 's fees .	Shellie Zimmerman will be on probation for one year She must also file a letter of apology to presiding judge She was accused of lying during a bond hearing for her husband in 2012
CNN  -- More than 40 people have been killed in clashes between soldiers and a rebel militia in Southern Sudan , an official there said Monday , disputing rebel claims they have killed many more government troops . Rebel leader George Athor has been saying his forces have killed more than 100 people , most of them soldiers , since a fresh round of fighting started last week . But Philip Aguer , a spokesman for Southern Sudan 's military , said Athor 's claims are exaggerated . Athor took up arms in 2010 when he was not elected governor of Southern Sudan 's Jonglei state . His forces have been attacking villages and clashing with the Sudan People 's Liberation Army , the military wing of the movement that governs Southern Sudan . People in the region voted overwhelmingly for independence from the north in a recent referendum , setting the stage for Southern Sudan to become a new country . Athor 's forces attacked the towns of Fanjak and Bor a month ago , Aguer said at the time . Twenty SPLA soldiers , 39 civilians and 30 of the attackers were killed in the attack on Fanjak , he said . Four SPLA soldiers and 12 attackers died in the Bor attack , he added . The clashes took place February 9 and 10 , he said . Athor has accused the Southern Sudan government of election fraud , but signed a truce in January , days before the referendum . As the nation readies for official independence on July 9 , violence caused by renegade militias has been a concern . A mutiny among the Joint Integrated Units  JIUs  led by soldiers loyal to militia leader Gabriel Tang resulted in up to 50 deaths in February . Sixty-five civilians were also injured . The JIUs are a coordinated military force consisting of the northern Sudanese Armed Forces  SAF  and the southern SPLA . Tang 's forces had been merged into the units along with SAF . Journalist Ismail Kamal Kushkush in Khartoum , Sudan , contributed to this report .	Rebels claim they have killed more than 100 people , mostly soldiers , since last week A Sudan People 's Liberation Army spokesman calls the number exaggerated Forces loyal to George Athor have been fighting since last year Southern Sudan voted for independence earlier this year
CNN  -- It sounds like something made up just in time for Halloween . Several reports from France of attacks by people dressed as clowns -- and armed with anything from knives to baseball bats -- have been making headlines in Europe . Taken with the recent sightings reported by some communities in Florida , New Mexico and Indiana , among others , it is easy to wonder what is going on . What is it about clowns ? Why these strange sightings now ? But to those of us who have been following what is proving to be an unusually lively period of clown reports -- whether they be actual crimes or simply hoaxes -- neither the reports themselves , nor the peculiar interest in these incidents , is all that surprising . For a start , while these developments are notable , the recent outbreak of such activity is actually not without precedent . In the mid-1980s , for example , a number of episodes were recorded on both sides of the Atlantic , first in Scotland and then in various towns across New England , as people reported clowns in ice cream vans attempting to lure children . We also know that clowns inhabit fertile ground in terms of phobias -- after all , they can invoke anything from a fear of masks , to stranger danger , to our anxieties regarding public humiliation .  And that 's not to mention the question of why a grown person would dress this way , in a kind of asexual fetishism  . Meanwhile , the Clowns of America International , the professional organization representing U.S. clowns , has reported a significant decline in the number of students attending clown school in recent years . So it is possible , then , that these two elements -- the decline in "  licensed " clown performers and the rise in the number of "  sinister " sightings -- are more closely related than they seem . After all , all forms of monstrosity are essentially commentaries on the nature of humanity 's social relations  the Twilight books and movies , for example , offer a straightforward examination of adolescent sexuality explored through the lens of a vampire/human/werewolf menage . Indeed , in many ways , the crisis in the clown community mirrors the anxieties that are felt across many sectors of society -- class friction , social estrangement and an economy many still feel uncertain over . Keep in mind that clowns have always been marginal members of society . In the Middle Ages , the fool was a scapegoat and outcast , an egregious misfit with license to speak truth to power . In the 20th century , the two greatest clowns were essentially homeless indigents : "  Weary Willie , " the unshaven and ragged hobo clown of Emmett Kelly , emerged straight from the American Dust Bowl , while Charlie Chaplin was known simply as "  the Tramp . " In all these instances , clowns enjoy a relationship to society that is tenuous at best . In this sense , it is no great leap to say that dressing up as a scary clown is an expression of anti-social alienation , especially when coupled with another phenomenon that we might term "  industrial nostalgia . " The stereotypical scary clown almost always takes its inspiration from clowns associated with the golden age of the American big top circus . These white face clowns with their colorful hair and costumes are known as "  Joeys " in honor of the great comedian , Joseph Grimaldi , and evoke a specific time in American history , a time of optimism and potential . But this golden age has passed , and our ideas of clowns are now set against a backdrop of recession , social atomization and a distrust of traditional institutions . When seen from the vantage point of the present , the Joeys of the big top seem hopelessly naive , the leering remnants of an industrial past whose promises are unfulfilled . It also seems no coincidence that the narratives that employ scary clowns so often associate them with failed businesses -- empty music halls echoing with the ghosts of past laughter or abandoned theme parks repurposed as lairs . The idea of the scary clown , then , taps into the frustrations and fears of a time in which so many are feeling themselves pushed into the margins . So , should you think you see a clown peering through your curtains this Halloween , take comfort in the fact that it 's nothing personal . The image of that grinning , shock-haired psychopath you are imagining is in your wardrobe will probably start to fade when the economy turns around . Photo blog : WWI : The Golden Age of postcards	Reports of clown attacks in France have made headlines Clowns have often been seen as on society 's margins , says Andrew Stott Golden age of clowns has passed , he says
CNN  -- A pint-sized version of the Tyrannosaurus rex , with similarly powerful legs , razor-sharp teeth and tiny arms , roamed China some 125 million years ago , said scientists who remain startled by the discovery . An adult Raptorex was about 9 feet tall and weighed about 150 pounds , scientists say . The predator , nicknamed Raptorex , lived about 60 million years before the T. rex and was slightly larger than the human male , scientists said . The findings , to be released Friday in the journal Science , are based on fossilized remains discovered in lake beds in northeastern China . They show a dinosaur with many of the specialized physical features of Tyrannosaurus rex at a fraction of its size . "  The most interesting and important thing about this new fossil is that It is completely unexpected , " said Stephen Brusatte , co-author of the article , in a conference call with reporters . "  It 's becoming harder and harder to find fossils like this that totally throw us for a curve , " added Brusatte , a paleontologist with the American Museum of Natural History . Scientists who have studied the fossilized animal , which was 5 to 6 years old when it died , believe it was an ancestor of the fearsome T. Rex . "  Raptorex really is a pivotal moment in the history of the group where most of the biological meaningful features about Tyrannosaurs came into being , " said lead author Paul Sereno , a paleontologist at the University of Chicago . "  And the surprising fact is that they came into being in such a small animal , " he added . Based on estimates of other similar-sized theropods , or "  beast-footed " dinosaurs , Sereno and his colleagues estimate an adult Raptorex was about 9 feet tall and weighed about 143 pounds . By contrast , the Tyrannosaurus rex , which topped the prehistoric food chain until dinosaurs went extinct about 65 million years ago , was believed to weigh at least five tons . Scientists hypothesize that Raptorex ran its prey down , using its enlarged skull , powerful jaws and sharp teeth to dispatch animals much larger than itself . Like the T. rex , the Raptorex also had tiny forelimbs , they said . "  We can say that these features did not evolve as a consequence of large body size but rather evolved as an efficient set of predatory weapons in an animal that was 1/100th the size of Tyrannosaurus rex and that lived 60 million years before Tyrannosaurus rex , " Brusatte said . After the remains were discovered , they were smuggled out of China and into the United States , where they were eventually purchased by a Massachusetts collector , Henry Kriegstein , who donated them to science . Sereno was later asked to identify the fossil . "  I hope that this is a pathway that other important specimens that do find their way out of the ground in the dark of night do not get lost to science , " Sereno said . The Raptorex fossil will eventually be returned to China , where it will be put on display near the excavation site , scientists said .	Scientists discover a fossil they believe was a tiny version of the T. rex The predator , nicknamed Raptorex , lived about 60 million years before the T. rex Scientists : An adult Raptorex was about 9 feet tall and weighed about 150 pounds Fossilized remains were discovered in northeastern China
CNN  -- Thousands of migrant children , including newborn babies , are being locked up in squalid and cramped detention facilities each year in Thailand , enduring serious physical and emotional harm , according to a new report . The 67-page report from Human Rights Watch  HRW  entitled "  Two Years with No Moon ' : Immigration Detention of Children in Thailand , " describes how Thailand is unnecessarily violating children 's rights and risking their welfare because of their immigration status or that of their parents . "  Migrant children detained in Thailand are suffering needlessly in filthy , overcrowded cells without adequate nutrition , education , or exercise space , " said Alice Farmer , children 's rights researcher at HRW and author of the report . "  Detention lockup is no place for migrant children . The sad thing is it 's been known for years that these poor detention conditions fall far short of international standards but the Thai government has done little or nothing to address them . " Held indefinitely The report , which was based on interviews with 41 children and 64 adults who were all detained or arrested by immigration officials , said those affected -- often from neighboring countries such as Myanmar , Cambodia and Laos -- can be held indefinitely with little or no legal support , in violation of international law . One migrant mentioned in the report described how he and his family were kept at a detention center in Bangkok for six months . "  My -LSB- five-year-old -RSB- nephew asked , ` How long will I stay ? ' He asked , ` Will I live the rest of my life here ? ' I did n't know what to say . " The rights group also said several children described being confined in cells so crowded they had to sleep sitting up . Others reported sleeping on tile or wooden floors , without mattresses or blankets , and surrounded by strange adults . "  The worst part was that you were trapped and stuck , " Cindy Y. , a migrant child held from the age of 9 to 12 , told HRW . "  I would look outside and see people walking around the neighborhood , and I would hope that would be me . " According to Thai law , any migrant with an irregular immigration status , even a child , can be arrested and detained . Military crackdown In recent months , tens of thousands of migrant workers , particularly from Cambodia , have fled Thailand amid rumors of a crackdown on undocumented workers by the country 's new military rulers . Thailand has a very low unemployment rate of 0.9 % , according to the National Statistical Official of Thailand . Many of the foreigners work low-paying jobs that Thais are unwilling to do , but they are often vulnerable to police harassment and exploitation , advocates say . But the Thai military has claimed it does n't have a policy of arrest as has been widely reported , rather it says it has encouraged undocumented workers to "  seek employment through proper channels . " The International Organization for Migration  IOM  estimates there are 370,000 to 380,000 migrant children in Thailand , with the largest number coming from Myanmar where they have fled sectarian persecution against ethnic groups such as the Rohingya Muslims in western Rakhine state . According to HRW , the problem of overcrowded detention facilities is worsening , as the country sees more refugees and asylum seekers coming from further afield , such as war-torn Syria , or Christians fleeing persecution in Pakistan . Meanwhile , an event being held to discuss the human rights situation in Thailand in the wake of this year 's military coup has been canceled following pressure from the authorities . Police officers arrived at the Foreign Correspondent 's Club of Thailand  FCCT  in Bangkok on Tuesday afternoon to deliver their order , according to Pawinee Chumsri of Thai Lawyers for Human Rights . She said police told her the event would violate an order from the National Council for Peace and Order  NCPO  banning political gatherings . "  We regard this action as a human rights violation to families and people who are entitled to receive justice , " she said . The Thai authorities have yet to comment on the allegations by Human Rights Watch .	Human Rights Watch reports says Thailand is unnecessarily violating children 's rights Many being locked up with families by immigration authorities Detention centers often overcrowded and not set up to house children safely International Organization for Migration says there are 370,000-380 ,000 migrant children in Thailand
WIRED  -- A computer virus has infected the cockpits of America 's Predator and Reaper drones , logging pilots ' every keystroke as they remotely fly missions over Afghanistan and other warzones . The virus , first detected nearly two weeks ago by the military 's Host-Based Security System , has not prevented pilots at Creech Air Force Base in Nevada from flying their missions overseas . Nor have there been any confirmed incidents of classified information being lost or sent to an outside source . But the virus has resisted multiple efforts to remove it from Creech 's computers , network security specialists say . And the infection underscores the ongoing security risks in what has become the U.S. military 's most important weapons system . "  We keep wiping it off , and it keeps coming back , " says a source familiar with the network infection , one of three that told Danger Room about the virus . "  We think it 's benign . But we just do n't know . " Military network security specialists are n't sure whether the virus and its so-called "  keylogger " payload were introduced intentionally or by accident ; it may be a common piece of malware that just happened to make its way into these sensitive networks . The specialists do n't know exactly how far the virus has spread . But they 're sure that the infection has hit both classified and unclassified machines at Creech . That raises the possibility , at least , that secret data may have been captured by the keylogger , and then transmitted over the public internet to someone outside the military chain of command . Drones have become America 's tool of choice in both its conventional and shadow wars , allowing U.S. forces to attack targets and spy on its foes without risking American lives . Since President Obama assumed office , a fleet of approximately 30 CIA-directed drones have hit targets in Pakistan more than 230 times ; all told , these drones have killed more than 2,000 suspected militants and civilians , according to the Washington Post . More than 150 additional Predator and Reaper drones , under U.S. Air Force control , watch over the fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq . American military drones struck 92 times in Libya between mid-April and late August . And late last month , an American drone killed top terrorist Anwar al-Awlaki -- part of an escalating unmanned air assault in the Horn of Africa and southern Arabian peninsula . But despite their widespread use , the drone systems are known to have security flaws . Many Reapers and Predators do n't encrypt the video they transmit to American troops on the ground . In the summer of 2009 , U.S. forces discovered "  days and days and hours and hours " of the drone footage on the laptops of Iraqi insurgents . A $ 26 piece of software allowed the militants to capture the video . The lion 's share of U.S. drone missions are flown by Air Force pilots stationed at Creech , a tiny outpost in the barren Nevada desert , 20 miles north of a state prison and adjacent to a one-story casino . In a nondescript building , down a largely unmarked hallway , is a series of rooms , each with a rack of servers and a "  ground control station , " or GCS . There , a drone pilot and a sensor operator sit in their flight suits in front of a series of screens . In the pilot 's hand is the joystick , guiding the drone as it soars above Afghanistan , Iraq , or some other battlefield . Some of the GCSs are classified secret , and used for conventional warzone surveillance duty . The GCSs handling more exotic operations are top secret . None of the remote cockpits are supposed to be connected to the public internet . Which means they are supposed to be largely immune to viruses and other network security threats . But time and time again , the so-called "  air gaps " between classified and public networks have been bridged , largely through the use of discs and removable drives . In late 2008 , for example , the drives helped introduce the agent.btz worm to hundreds of thousands of Defense Department computers . The Pentagon is still disinfecting machines , three years later . Use of the drives is now severely restricted throughout the military . But the base at Creech was one of the exceptions , until the virus hit . Predator and Reaper crews use removable hard drives to load map updates and transport mission videos from one computer to another . The virus is believed to have spread through these removable drives . Drone units at other Air Force bases worldwide have now been ordered to stop their use . In the meantime , technicians at Creech are trying to get the virus off the GCS machines . It has not been easy . At first , they followed removal instructions posted on the website of the Kaspersky security firm . "  But the virus kept coming back , " a source familiar with the infection says . Eventually , the technicians had to use a software tool called BCWipe to completely erase the GCS ' internal hard drives . "  That meant rebuilding them from scratch " -- a time-consuming effort . The Air Force declined to comment directly on the virus . "  We generally do not discuss specific vulnerabilities , threats , or responses to our computer networks , since that helps people looking to exploit or attack our systems to refine their approach , " says Lt. Col. Tadd Sholtis , a spokesman for Air Combat Command , which oversees the drones and all other Air Force tactical aircraft . "  We invest a lot in protecting and monitoring our systems to counter threats and ensure security , which includes a comprehensive response to viruses , worms , and other malware we discover . " However , insiders say that senior officers at Creech are being briefed daily on the virus . "  It 's getting a lot of attention , " the source says . "  But no one 's panicking . Yet . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	The virus has resisted multiple efforts to remove it from Creech 's computers It may be a common piece of malware They 're sure that the infection has hit both classified and unclassified machines
CNN  -- English football seems to be experiencing something of a time warp . Liverpool and Arsenal jostling for top spot , Manchester United languishing in mid-table . For 55 minutes of United 's match at bottom club Sunderland on Saturday , it appeared that the English Premier League champion 's worst start to a season in 24 years would continue . Before kickoff , Liverpool had welcomed back 1990 's title-winning manager Kenny Dalglish to a non-executive board role by beating Crystal Palace 3-1 to regain first place -- at least until Arsenal 's trip to West Brom on Sunday . Sunderland , still without a permanent manager to replace the sacked Paolo Di Canio , then took a shock fifth-minute lead as Craig Gardner capitalized on some inept United defending , with Nemanja Vidic inexplicably giving him the ball inside the penalty area . For new United manager David Moyes , it raised the prospect of a third successive league defeat -- which last happened to the Red Devils 12 years ago . But much like his predecessor Alex Ferguson 's success in introducing young talent such as David Beckham in the 1990s , Moyes was rescued by an 18-year-old making his first EPL start . Adnan Januzaj , yet another Belgian starlet to make his mark in England 's top flight , first leveled with a cool sidefoot effort 10 minutes after halftime as he burst into the box to collect Patrice Evra 's low cross . The midfielder , born in Brussels to Kosovar-Albanian parents and who has thus far refused all Belgium international call-ups , then volleyed a sublime left-footed winner just after the hour mark . For Moyes , who gave United striker Wayne Rooney his debut when a 16-year-old at Everton , Januzaj has every chance of joining the club 's long line of top stars . "  I remember giving Wayne his debut and Adnan is certainly that quality . He 's a top , top player , " the Scot said after the match . "  I would have played him two or three weeks ago but it did n't work . We just never quite got the opportunity for different reasons , and I thought today was the right time and it was hard to stop him . "  He 's going to be a special talent and he showed he 's got goals and ability . We will keep his feet on the ground . " The result left United in ninth place , six points behind the club 's bitter rival Liverpool . For the Anfield Reds , this is the team 's best start to a season since the advent of the EPL in 1992 , with five wins from seven games . Dalglish 's second stint as manager -- his first was the last time Liverpool won the title -- ended with the sack 17 months ago in the wake of mixed results and Luis Suarez 's eight-match ban for racially abusing Evra . Brendan Rodgers struggled in his first season as the club legend 's replacement , not helped by Suarez 's 10-match ban for biting Chelsea 's Branislav Ivanovic . That suspension spilled over into this season , but the Uruguayan 's subsequent return has not hindered Liverpool 's impressive start to the campaign -- indeed he has come back with a bang , adding another goal to last weekend 's double against Sunderland . His partnership with Daniel Sturridge continues to blossom , with the young England forward making it 2-0 against Palace with his sixth in the league and eighth overall . "  The two boys up front are as good as any in the league , so you know you 're always going to be in with a chance with them two , " Rodgers said . Veteran Steve Gerrard celebrated his 639th appearance for Liverpool -- putting him seventh on the club 's all-time list -- with his 99th EPL goal , netting from the penalty spot before halftime . Palace boss Ian Holloway was aggrieved by that decision , with Dean Moxey 's tug on Raheem Sterling appearing to be on the edge of the area , but had the small consolation of seeing his second-bottom side edge the second half thanks to a late header by record signing Dwight Gayle . Manchester City bounced back from the midweek Champions League lesson against Bayern Munich by moving up to third place with victory by the same 3-1 scoreline against Everton . On-loan Belgium striker Romelu Lukaku gave the home fans a sense of dÃ © jÃ vu as he put Everton ahead , with England goalkeeper Joe Hart again in question -- as he had twice been against European champion Bayern . But Spain striker Alvaro Negredo leveled and Sergio Aguero made it 2-1 on halftime , before the Argentine 's 69th-minute penalty hit the post and cruelly bounced into the net off the head of goalkeeper Tim Howard . Aston Villa beat City last weekend , but this time could only draw 0-0 at promoted Hull in a result that left both sides comfortably mid-table . Fulham moved out of the bottom three with a 1-0 win at Stoke thanks to a second-half goal from former Villa striker Darren Bent , who came on to replace the injured Dimitar Berbatov . Newcastle joined Villa and Manchester United on 10 points after winning 2-1 at promoted Cardiff , with both goals from on-loan French striker Loic Remy .	Adnan Januzaj helps Manchester United come from behind at Sunderland Teenager scores both goals in first EPL start , which ends in a 2-1 victory Champion United six points behind leader Liverpool , which also wins Manchester City rebounds from two defeats with 3-1 victory over Everton
Sydney , Australia  CNN  -- It 's an awkward reality of royal reporting that we 're also in the fashion business . To be perfectly frank I 've no expertise nor credibility in this area but I do what I can by forwarding on any details I get from the palace . I also lean heavily on those who know what they 're talking about . I 'm certainly not dismissive . The "  Kate effect " is a widely accepted phenomenon in the fashion business . The Duchess of Cambridge is n't known for high fashion ; in fact she often wears high-street outfits that might even be -- gasp ! -- out of season . But , when they 're available , they 'll sell out within hours of her wearing them , guaranteed . On tours like this one in Australia , there are new outfits appearing every day . When they 're in the vaguely affordable bracket -- such as the $ 325 Diane Von Furstenberg wrap dress worn last week -- then it 's spending spree time for her fans . Fashion detectives Central to this phenomenon is an intrepid troupe of digital fashion scouts who identify and source Kate 's outfits within minutes of them appearing in public . Chief scout would be Susan Kelley , best known by her Twitter handle : @WhatKateWore . Kelley was also the first to spot a potential challenger to Kate 's royal fashion crown . Cue "  The George Effect . " "  Having one 's child wearing the identical sweater a real-life Prince is wearing ? That has a lot of cachet . Especially when it 's something you can find at your local Baby Gap store , " says Kelley . During George 's main public engagement at Government House in Wellington , he was dressed in a pair of "  sailboat smocked dungarees " by the British designer Rachel Riley . They were an instant sell-out in the smaller sizes . Susan Kelley says : "  There is also the allure that comes with scarcity . If there is such a thing as the anti-Kardashian baby then Prince George is it . He is not paraded out and about , his parents are not making deals to sell rights to photographs of him , he is very much protected behind the proverbial Palace walls . Nor is he seen wearing something new every time he is in public . "  The Duchess has done the same thing with his wardrobe she does with her own : repeating and recycling outfits . While the Prince has worn some more upscale items , designer duds for the sandbox set if you will , he has also worn those pieces more than once . His little cardigan with the soldiers on the front ? Seen at least twice on the tour . His blue dungarees with the sailboat ? Worn twice . I do n't believe the Duchess has any intention of turning him into a clotheshorse . " Practical fashion ? Kate certainly has a more relaxed sartorial approach than her regal predecessors . "  This has n't been a vintage tour as far as royal fashion goes , " says Rebecca English , royal correspondent for the UK 's Daily Mail newspaper . "  But then , given the more casual nature of the trip , it has n't leant itself to it either . " So far in Australia , the talk has been more about Kate 's shoes than her outfits , says English : "  Particularly the fact that the Duchess has been wedded to her favorite wedge heels in even the most inappropriate situations . "  She wore five inch Russell and Bromley ` Corkswoon ' wedges to walk around a mountain ledge with a stomach-churning 300-foot sheer drop in the Blue Mountains , and on the world famous surf beach at Manly she doggedly kept on her four inch Stuart Weizmann ` Minx ' heels as she walked across the sand - even though her most senior aide had kicked hers off . " Who knew the subtle sacrifices a duchess makes in the name of fashion ? Or , indeed , that I would be reporting on it ? Princess Diana 's favorite fairytale dress could be yours ... for a price Sexy , skintight , sophisticated : How China 's iconic dress has survived a century Impossible fashion : Mind-bending , 3-D printed masterpieces	The "  Kate effect " sees everything that the Duchess of Cambridge wears sell out The website What Kate Wore identifies her outfits within minutes of her appearances She is known for championing high-street labels , and wearing garments more than once Now Prince George seems to have the same fashion pull
CNN  -- You would click on the link , and there you 'd find the Tea Party Patriots ' mailer , calling for liberty and asking for money , decrying "  big-government Republicans " and "  leftist Obama Democrats " alike . But the real target of this particular pitch was none other than Karl Rove himself , the "  architect " of George W. Bush 's two White House wins , accused in the ad of trying to "  crush the Tea Party movement . " And he was depicted as a Nazi . Photoshopped into the uniformed visage of vicious SS commandant Heinrich Himmler , no less -- the architect of the Holocaust . It 's hard to imagine a more offensive piece of political e-mail . Not surprisingly , within hours , the e-mail was retracted and apologies offered all around . It was a terrible case of mistaken identity , an inexplicable bit of human error , the Tea Party Patriots said through a high-priced PR agent when called by Politico 's Ken Vogel , who broke the story . The Virginia-based political fundraising firm , Active Engagement , promptly fell on its sword , which is the decent thing to do when you 've been paid $ 1.5 million and screw up this definitively . The tea party 's impulse to attack Rove personally -- so deeply felt that putting an SS uniform on him seemed like a good idea to somebody in the chain of command -- is a sign of just how bitter this GOP civil war is becoming . Rove 's alleged sin is the formation of a group dedicated to nominating electable congressional candidates for the GOP . It seems that some folks in "  the establishment " do n't like losing Senate races every year because the partisan primary system keeps kicking up extreme candidates who are beloved by the hyperpartisan base but ca n't win in a general election . Cases in point : Senate candidates Sharron Angle , Ken Buck and Christine  "  I am not a witch "  O'Donnell in 2010 ; the no-abortion-even-in-cases-of-rape duo Richard Mourdock and Todd Aiken in 2012 . If those five tea party favorites had n't imploded in spectacular fashion , Republicans could be in control of the Senate right now . So Rove & Co. are backing more centrist Republican candidates who they think have a chance . Borger : Obama ca n't kick his legacy down the road The midterms are 18 months away , but the fault lines are already forming . Two states -- Georgia and Iowa -- appear primed to put forward the next Angle and Aiken in the form of two right-wing congressmen : Paul Broun and Steve King . It turns out that Broun has a bit of a Nazi-calling problem himself . Days after Barack Obama 's first election in 2008 , Broun was first out of the gate on this ugly front , comparing the president-elect to Hitler . In his apology , Broun tortuously explained that "  I 'm just trying to bring attention to the fact that we may -- may not , I hope not -- but we may have a problem with that type of philosophy of radical socialism or Marxism . " In recent years , Broun has become best known for proclaiming evolution and the big-bang theory "  lies from the pit of hell " and asserting his belief that the Earth is 9,000 years old . Despite these and many other slips into the fringe , Broun was uncontested in his most recent election and serves on the House Science Committee . If he is the GOP nominee , Democrats could have a chance at winning the Georgia Senate seat for the first time since Max Cleland . Likewise , Iowa congressman Steve King is the proud father of a steady stream of hyperpartisan howlers , beginning in the 2008 election , when he predicted that if Obama were elected , "  The radical Islamists , the al Qaeda ... would be dancing in the streets in greater numbers than they did on September 11 , because they would declare victory in this war on terror . " When the McCain campaign sensibly disavowed his statements , King pushed back and said terrorists would view Obama as their "  savior " and "  That 's why you will see them supporting him , encouraging him . " Tell that to Osama bin Laden . In recent years , King has been the lone "  no " vote on a congressional resolution apologizing for the use of slaves in building the U.S. Capitol , supported deporting "  anchor babies " and , yes , defended Akin 's campaign comments by saying he had n't heard of any young woman getting pregnant from rape or incest . You see pretty quickly where this campaign is likely to go in a swing state that voted for Obama twice . LZ Granderson : Rubio missed the year of the woman Nonetheless , Broun has thrown his hat in the ring , and polls show King a favorite among rank-and-file conservatives in Iowa . Hence Rove 's group , getting ready to do some reverse RINO-hunting of its own with a spinoff of the Crossroads super PAC . It 's called "  The Conservative Victory Project . " I appreciate how tea party groups might howl when the outside money is directed against them , but a taste of your own medicine is sometimes morally clarifying . In a larger sense , this family feud is fascinating for several reasons . It represents a realization by Rove -- the father of the "  red state vs. blue state , " "  play to the base " strategy -- that there is such a thing as too extreme . Some of the forces that the Republican establishment encouraged when its self-righteous hate was directed against Obama have found that venom can be directed at them . In this same vein , House Speaker John Boehner has found that 50 or so tea party radicals are his biggest problem in governing ; they are quick to undercut him and eager to gamble with the full faith and credit of the United State . Golem always turns on its creator . In the end , the Republican Party does need to reform . It needs to rebuild the big tent and reach out beyond its base . It needs to stop coddling the angry and unhinged in its ranks . And it needs to become more philosophically consistent when it comes to advancing individual freedom as well as fiscal responsibility . Count me with Karl Rove and Co. -- in at least this one case . The Tea Party Patriots ' misfired e-mail was an ugly tell , a reminder that angry conservative populist passions can transform into a mob mentality . Extremes are always ultimately their own side 's worst enemy . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : A tea party e-mail depicting Karl Rove as Nazi is telling of GOP 's "  civil war " He says Rove 's new group aims to put up more centrist candidates who can win But he says two state GOPs already moving toward extreme candidates for Senate Avlon : Feud shows that using extremists ' ire for elections can backfire when out of control
Long Beach , California  CNN  -- "  The great question that has never been answered and which I have not yet been able to answer , despite my 30 years of research into the feminine soul , is , ` What does a woman want ? ' " This was Sigmund Freud 's response in 1925 to a female protégé , Marie Bonaparte , who sought his guidance . Bonaparte , then in her early 40s , suffered in her own words , from "  frigidity . " His question is alive today : Last week , a Food and Drug Administration panel reviewed the efficacy and safety of a new drug to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder -- lack of sexual desire .  The panel did not recommend approval .  I 'll come back to this in a minute . Why does Freud 's question persist ? Well , one reason may have to do with who is asking the question , when , and why . In the early decades of the 20th century , for example , a Manhattan , New York-based gynecologist named Robert L. Dickinson was preoccupied with what made women unhappy in their marriages . So many had complained to him that they did n't enjoy sex . This prompted the doctor , an early advocate of birth control devices and a passionate promoter of women 's sexual pleasure , to conduct research -- loosely defined -- on some of his thousands of female patients . He studied their bodies and sketched their contours , looking for clues to their sensitivities and habits . Female genitals were texts for the doctor to read . But so were the tales of erotic misery -- or just plain indifference -- that his patients would tell him . The doctor compiled his years of clinical observation in two weighty tomes , "  A Thousand Marriages "  1931  and "  The Single Woman "  1934  . Dickinson had a hunch that the growing presence of lesbians in New York and other cities was a symptom of a larger problem with heterosexuality . Women were turning to each other for sexual relations because men were bad lovers . Egads ! Maybe the answer to the nagging question could be answered only by women . Dickinson thereafter proposed to write a book he never published -- one that would be addressed to men , husbands in particular , to teach them how to give pleasure to women . Waves of research on female sexual response followed throughout the 20th century , a time when Western society attempted to regulate pleasure by studying it in metric forms and through tortuous interviews and searching questionnaires . "  What 's wrong with me ? " became a commonplace . And through this complex process , lacking desire has become , in many ways , regarded as just as dangerous as having too much desire -- maybe even more so , actually . Here we must turn to money and to the current news of the FDA panel 's hearings last week to decide whether to approve the new pharmaceutical pill flibanserin . The drug joins a plethora of pleasure-enhancing drugs and devices that in one way or another are premised upon variations of Freud 's nagging question . Developed by the German drug company Boehringer-Ingelheim , the "  little pink pill "  "  little blue " Viagra 's sister ?  is meant to treat hypoactive sexual desire disorder . How ? By increasing levels of dopamine and norepinephrine  libido boosters  and decreasing seratonin  libido downers  in the brains of its sufferers . If the drug were approved , The New York Times reported , annual sales might reach $ 2 billion in the United States alone . Boehringer-Ingelheim had run a marketing campaign that consisted mainly of convincing women of a certain age and wealth strata that they lack sufficient sexual desire and that they deserve a remedy . In a market-driven society , convincing people that they lack something they need is what advertising is all about . "  Do I lack sexual desire ? " If you answer yes to this question -- and Boehringer-Ingelheim reports that 1,323 premenopausal women they studied did -- you become a member of the target market for flibanserin . The company 's success or failure in the marketplace rests in large part on women realizing they do n't have enough mojo . The company limited its subject sample to women living in the U.S. and Canada who were otherwise healthy , well-educated and mostly married -- "  normal " but for their deficiency of desire . Studied in a double-blind trial over 24 months , women taking the pill reported that "  sexually satisfying events " increased to about 4.5 a month , while those taking a placebo reported about 3.7 such events . Incidentally , according to the framework of the study , these events need not include orgasm . Q : What does a woman want ? A : Flibanserin . Things just got so much easier ! Or did they ? For starters , "  hypoactive sexual desire disorder " rests upon such vague criteria that the American Medical Association plans to remove it from the next edition of its authoritative diagnostic manual and replace it with "  desire-arousal disorder . " And , even if we grant its existence , studies that estimate at least 10 percent of American women suffer from HSDD were paid for by drug companies , The New York Times says . Boehringer-Ingelheim offers online medical education courses for health practitioners to get them involved in diagnosing HSDD . Doctors taking the courses are quizzed on how to diagnose the condition of various kinds of women . In one exercise , the test-taker is asked to figure out what is wrong with a 42-year-old working woman who cares for three children and an ailing mother , and lacks sexual desire . Her husband is a very minor character in the test 's scenario . Dr. Dickinson may be spinning in his grave now . Psychologist Lenore Tiefer , who testified before the FDA panel Friday , put it well when she remarked that if the drug had been approved , it would have given women the false impression that they can take a pill to get "  the sex life they read about , the one they think everyone else is having . " One is tempted to ask whether the alleged upward trend in cases of HSDD in women can be correlated to the "  little blue pill 's " market debut in 1998 . With all the talk of erectile dysfunction in men , maybe what women want now , sexually speaking , is a little less pressure to perform through pharmaceutically prolonged sexual encounters and a little more emotional support for their efforts , in and out of the bedroom . So what 's next now that the FDA panel said no to flibanserin ? An online course for male partners to teach them how to make love to women diagnosed with HSDD ? That would be a start , but my guess is that what women want , particularly those who have come of age in an era of abstinence-only education , is knowledge about their bodies  for themselves and their partners  and respect for how their bodies work . Such knowledge may help them/us question whether a daily dose of yet another "  brain drug " will give us what we have come to suspect we need . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jennifer Terry .	Jennifer Terry : Freud asked what women wanted ; "  female Viagra " raises question again Early 20th century doctor studied women , concluded men needed sex training , she says Drug company can profit from women worried they have sex problem , she says Terry : Women want better understanding of their bodies -- for themselves , partners
CNN  -- If you want to stir up a fiery debate -- or maybe even a fist fight -- start talking about air travel and children . Inevitably , someone will declare that airlines should offer "  kid-free flights . " While that has yet to happen , Malaysia Airlines might have come up with the next best thing . A kid-free economy upper deck aboard its first A380 service , nonstop between Kuala Lumpur and London , which takes off July 1 . Families traveling with under-12s -- including babes-in-arms -- will be automatically allocated seats in the main all-economy lower deck , says a Malaysia Airlines spokesperson . But before we all jump to brand the decision makers at the flag carrier as a bunch of child-hating monsters , the airline is quick to point out that the 350 economy seats on the main deck of its new A380s will be enhanced and designated as a family and child-friendly inflight zone . And if there 's overwhelming demand for seats in economy class from families with children and infants , resulting in full load in the main deck , "  we will still accommodate such demand in the 70-seat upper deck economy class zone of our A380 . " CNNGo : Private jets a new status symbol in China This is n't the first time Malaysia Airlines has instituted a controversial policy relating to kids in the sky . Last year , the airline decided to ban infants from first class on its 747-400 routes . The decision won cheers from some -- and words you 'd never say in front of your kids from others . Given their penchant for boldly going where no airline has dared before , here 's hoping Malaysia Airlines ' next move will be to designate a special zone for drunks and passengers who forgot to take a shower before their flight . CNNGo : Meet the world 's luckiest traveler Sky nannies and ` Kargo Kids ' While Malaysia Airlines is the first to ban or segregate the little ones on flights , other airlines do recognize that traveling with young kids on long-haul flights is n't easy . Several airlines , such as Gulf Air and Emirates , offer passengers free in-flight nanny services that range from helping with meals to entertaining the kids while mom watches a movie . In the United States , a new website hooks up fliers with nannies looking to make a few extra bucks . Called Nanny in the Clouds , passengers can sign up for free and search for potential babysitters scheduled to take the same flight . CNNGo : Could budget airlines topple Asia 's legacy carriers ? Canadian low-cost airline WestJet , meanwhile , does n't offer nanny services but it did attract a lot of attention earlier this month with a hilarious April Fool 's Day joke . On April 1 , the airline launched a video advertising a new service dubbed "  Kargo Kids " in which parents check their kids in with their luggage . The parents enjoy the flight , the kids are sent down to their own special club in the cargo hold . Not a bad idea , really . Should other airlines follow Malaysia Airlines ' lead and designate inflight kid-free zones ? Tell us what you think in the comments below . © 2011 Cable News Network Turner Broadcasting System , Inc. . All Rights Reserved	Malaysia Airlines designates a child-friendly lower-level zone Upper level in economy class on A380 route will be child-free Last year , the airline banned infants from first class on its 747-400 routes
Mental Floss  -- Here are 15 things everyone should know about Fred Rogers : Every one of Mr. Roger 's cardigan sweaters was hand-knitted by Fred Rogers ' mother . 1 . Even Koko the Gorilla loved him . Most people have heard of Koko , the Stanford-educated gorilla who could speak about 1000 words in American Sign Language , and understand about 2000 in English . What most people do n't know , however , is that Koko was an avid Mister Rogers ' Neighborhood fan . As Esquire reported , when Fred Rogers took a trip out to meet Koko for his show , not only did she immediately wrap her arms around him and embrace him , she did what she 'd always seen him do onscreen : she proceeded to take his shoes off ! 2 . He made thieves think twice . According to a TV Guide piece on him , Fred Rogers drove a plain old Impala for years . One day , however , the car was stolen from the street near the TV station . When Rogers filed a police report , the story was picked up by every newspaper , radio and media outlet around town . Amazingly , within 48 hours the car was left in the exact spot where it was taken from , with an apology on the dashboard . It read , "  If we 'd known it was yours , we never would have taken it . " Mental Floss : Memorable commencement speakers 3 . He watched his figure to the pound . In covering Rogers ' daily routine  waking up at 5 a.m. ; praying for a few hours for all of his friends and family ; studying ; writing , making calls and reaching out to every fan who took the time to write him ; going for a morning swim ; getting on a scale ; then really starting his day  , writer Tom Junod explained that Mr. Rogers weighed in at exactly 143 pounds every day for the last 30 years of his life . He did n't smoke , did n't drink , did n't eat the flesh of any animals , and was extremely disciplined in his daily routine . And while I 'm not sure if any of that was because he 'd mostly grown up a chubby , single child , Junod points out that Rogers found beauty in the number 143 . According to the piece , Rogers came "  to see that number as a gift ... because , as he says , "  the number 143 means ' I love you . ' It takes one letter to say ` I ' and four letters to say ` love ' and three letters to say ` you . ' One hundred and forty-three . " 4 . He saved both public television and the VCR . Strange but true . When the government wanted to cut public television funds in 1969 , the relatively unknown Mister Rogers went to Washington . Almost straight out of a Frank Capra film , his 5-6 minute testimony on how TV had the potential to give kids hope and create more productive citizens was so simple but passionate that even the most gruff politicians were charmed . While the budget should have been cut , the funding instead jumped from $ 9 to $ 22 million . Rogers also spoke to Congress , and swayed senators into voting to allow VCR 's to record television shows from the home . It was a cantankerous debate at the time , but his argument was that recording a program like his allowed working parents to sit down with their children and watch shows as a family . Mental Floss : Forgotten kids shows sure to give you nightmares 5 . He might have been the most tolerant American ever . Mister Rogers seems to have been almost exactly the same off-screen as he was onscreen . As an ordained Presbyterian minister , and a man of tremendous faith , Mister Rogers preached tolerance first . Whenever he was asked to castigate non-Christians or gays for their differing beliefs , he would instead face them and say , with sincerity , "  God loves you just the way you are . " Often this provoked ire from fundamentalists . 6 . He was genuinely curious about others . Mister Rogers was known as one of the toughest interviews because he 'd often befriend reporters , asking them tons of questions , taking pictures of them , compiling an album for them at the end of their time together , and calling them after to check in on them and hear about their families . He was n't concerned with himself , and genuinely loved hearing the life stories of others . And it was n't just with reporters . Once , on a fancy trip up to a PBS exec 's house , he heard the limo driver was going to wait outside for 2 hours , so he insisted the driver come in and join them  which flustered the host  . On the way back , Rogers sat up front , and when he learned that they were passing the driver 's home on the way , he asked if they could stop in to meet his family . According to the driver , it was one of the best nights of his life the house supposedly lit up when Rogers arrived , and he played jazz piano and bantered with them late into the night . Further , like with the reporters , Rogers sent him notes and kept in touch with the driver for the rest of his life . 7 . He was color-blind . Literally . He could n't see the color blue . Of course , he was also figuratively color-blind , as you probably guessed . As were his parents , who took in a black foster child when Rogers was growing up . Mental Floss : Praise for the blind genius who invented cruise control 8 . He could make a subway car full of strangers sing . Once while rushing to a New York meeting , there were no cabs available , so Rogers and one of his colleagues hopped on the subway . Esquire reported that the car was filled with people , and they assumed they would n't be noticed . But when the crowd spotted Rogers , they all simultaneously burst into song , chanting "  It 's a beautiful day in the neighborhood . " The result made Rogers smile wide . 9 . He got into TV because he hated TV . The first time he turned one on , he saw people angrily throwing pies in each other 's faces . He immediately vowed to use the medium for better than that . Over the years he covered topics as varied as why kids should n't be scared of a haircut , or the bathroom drain  because you wo n't fit !  , to divorce and war . 10 . He was an Ivy League dropout . Rogers moved from Dartmouth to Rollins College to pursue his studies in music . 11 . He composed all the songs on the show , and over 200 tunes . 12 . He was a perfectionist , and disliked ad libbing . He felt he owed it to children to make sure every word on his show was thought out . 13 . Michael Keaton got his start on the show as an assistant . He helped puppeteer and operate the trolley . 14 . Several characters on the show are named for his family . Queen Sara is named after Rogers ' wife , and the postman Mr. McFeely is named for his maternal grandfather who always talked to him like an adult , and reminded young Fred that he made every day special just by being himself . Sound familiar ? It was the same way Mister Rogers closed every show . 15 . The sweaters . Every one of the cardigans he wore on the show had been hand-knit by his mother . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Fred Rogers ' stolen car was returned in 48 hours with an apology note Rogers weighed exactly 143 pounds every day for the last 30 years of his life The star saved both public television and VCR by testifying before Congress Actor Michael Keaton worked on show , helping operate the trolley
San Francisco  CNN  -- iSad . That was the reaction of many as millions took to the web with the news of the death of 56-year-old Steve Jobs . Facebook and Twitter messages were filled with links and anecdotes about the impact technology -- and more specifically , Apple -- had on users ' lives . Apple invited people to email their thoughts , memories and condolences after announcing Jobs ' death Wednesday , saying the company lost a "  visionary and creative genius and the world has lost an amazing human being . " CNN 's iReport is also collecting reactions . Jobs ' death jolted a generation that has never known a world without a cellular phone , and it elicited reactions from those who watched Apple grow from a Silicon Valley garage startup in 1976 to today 's leading tech company . "  RIP , Steve Jobs , " read many Facebook messages . Still others invoked the visionary 's signature stage pitch , "  And one more thing ... Thank you . " Many tweeted simply : iSad or iHeaven . "  Oh my God , dad . Steve Jobs has died . He 's my generation 's Walt Disney , " 20-year-old Lauren Harrington of Atlanta told her father upon learning Wednesday night that Jobs had died . Celebrities , corporate executives and politicians , including President Barack Obama , paid tribute to Jobs . "  Our parents had JFK , we had Steve Jobs . Edison gave us electricity , Jobs gave us the Jetsons in real life , " tweeted director and actor Kevin Smith . "  We lost an icon today . Mourn him . " Actor Ashton Kutcher tweeted : "  Sending love & light to everyone @Apple & the entire Jobs family . Today we lost a Giant who will be missed even by those who did n't know him . I never thought I could be so busted up about the loss of someone I never met . " Obama hailed Jobs as one of America 's greatest innovators , a man "  brave enough to think differently , bold enough to believe he could change the world , and talented enough to do it . " "  The world has lost a visionary . And there may be no greater tribute to Steve 's success than the fact that much of the world learned of his passing on a device he invented , " Obama said in a statement released Wednesday . Obama , an avowed BlackBerry fan , revealed this week to ABC 's George Stephanopoulos that Jobs personally gave him an advanced copy of the iPad 2 . House Majority Leader Rep. Eric Cantor  R-Virginia  tweeted : "  There is not a day that goes by , and often not an hour , that a Steve Jobs ' invention does not better my family 's life . Thank you Steve . " The flood of messages slowed Twitter to a crawl at times or produced error messages saying the site was over capacity . On the social networking sites , many quoted from Jobs ' heartfelt commencement address at Stanford University in 2005 , where he first detailed his battle with pancreatic cancer . Actor Hill Harper , paraphrasing the speech , tweeted : "  Do what you believe is great work . And the only way to do great work is to love what you do ! ... Do n't settle . " Apple flew the flags at its Cupertino , California , office at half-staff , and an impromptu memorial sprang up at the venue as people arrived with flowers , letters and mementos , CNN affiliates reported . Several employees tweeted messages containing only the Apple logo . The many websites devoted to Apple rumors and products placed large banners in memory of the company 's co-founder . The alternative-culture blog Boing Boing revamped its design in honor of Jobs to resemble retro Macintosh software . Wired painted its front page black , with a shadowed picture of Steve Jobs in the center . Google 's co-founders posted statements about Jobs ' importance to them personally and to the industry , and underneath the search box on Google.com , the company added : "  Steve Jobs , 1955 - 2011 . " Research in Motion , from its BlackBerry Twitter account , called Jobs "  a great visionary and respected competitor . " Microsoft 's Bill Gates , who once worked with Jobs and later competed against him in the mobile world , said on his Twitter account : "  For those of us lucky enough to get to work with Steve , it 's been an insanely great honor . I will miss Steve immensely , " â $ " Bill Gates . And two men , whose social networking sites gained in popularity thanks in part to Jobs ' mobile-computing revolution , paid their respects to Apple 's mogul . In a message , Facebook founder , Mark Zuckerberg said : "  Steve , thank you for a being a mentor and a friend . Thanks for showing that what you build can change the world . I will miss you . " Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey wrote simply : "  Thank you . " CNN 's Mark Milian , Douglas Hyde , Ed Payne , Chelsea J. Carter and Kevin Bohn contributed to this report .	Facebook and Twitter users post "  RIP , Steve Jobs " Apple is inviting people to email their memories and condolences Flags are flying at half-staff at Apple 's headquarters in Cupertino , California The many websites devoted to Apple rumors and products place large banners in memory of the company 's co-founder
CNN  -- Are we alone in the universe ? Findings by NASA 's Kepler space telescope are making that seem less likely . NASA scientists have announced Kepler has spotted five planets about the size of Earth , orbiting stars in our galaxy . These planets are orbiting in what is known as the habitable zone , which puts them at a distance from their suns where liquid water could exist . Liquid water is a key ingredient for life to form . "  In a generation we have gone from extraterrestrial planets being a mainstay of science fiction , to the present , where Kepler has helped turn science fiction into today 's reality , " said NASA Administrator Charles Bolden . The Kepler science team also announced the telescope found six planets , all larger than Earth , orbiting a single sun-like star . That star is some 2,000 light years from Earth . To date , the telescope has detected more than 1,200 planet candidates . The fact that so many planets have been found in the Milky Way galaxy "  suggests there are countless planets orbiting sun-like stars in our galaxy , " said William Borucki , Kepler 's principal investigator . Kepler does not actually see the planets themselves . The telescope sees tiny decreases in light from the stars as planets transit across their suns . The five Earth-sized planets are orbiting stars cooler and smaller than our sun , and further analysis is still necessary to officially confirm they are planets .	NASA 's Kepler space telescope has spotted Earth-sized planets in our galaxy There are five plants in distances from their suns where liquid water could exist Liquid water is a key ingredient for life to form
The war on terror . Same-sex marriage . Voting rights . Financial scandals . Fast and Furious . Attorney General Eric Holder 's six-year tenure as the nation 's chief law enforcement officer has been marked by an activist agenda and political confrontations on a range of legal , policy , and criminal matters . "  I 've always liked this job . I 've had some days that have been better than others , " Holder told CNN 's Justice Correspondent Evan Perez last November . He hinted then that his remaining time in office would give him "  the ability to focus on issues now that really matter to me . " Some of those things were sentencing reform for drug offenders and community policing outreach in the wake of the recent shooting of unarmed Missouri teenager Michael Brown . For the 63-year-old Bronx native , it was his way to carve out a modern civil rights legacy that had the blessing of his good friend and confidante , President Barack Obama . Holder will announce resignation Ordered civil rights probe for Ferguson Holder 's response to the August shooting of Brown , an African-American , in the St. Louis suburb of Ferguson may be the lasting memory many Americans will have of this attorney general . He ordered a broad federal civil rights probe of that city 's mostly white police department , and this week spoke in personal tones about the level of mistrust many racial minorities have toward police . "  Will we yet again turn a blind eye to the hard truths that Ferguson exposed ? " he said Tuesday . "  Or will we finally accept this mandate for open and honest dialogue ? " The nation 's first African-American attorney general has offered both unqualified support for local law enforcement while suggesting a "  remake " of how it deals with many citizens of color . "  There has been no greater ally in the fight for justice , civil rights , equal rights and voting rights than Attorney General Holder , " Myrlie Evers-Williams , widow of civil rights icon Medgar Evers , told CNN after news broke of Holder 's decision to step down . Obama and Holder hone their messages on race-tinged issues Critics : ` Good riddance ' But critics of the Holder Justice Department have their own bitter memories of his tenure , especially on Fast and Furious , the gun trafficking controversy that led to him becoming the first sitting Cabinet member to be held in contempt of Congress . The Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives launched Operation Fast and Furious out of Arizona to track weapon purchases by Mexican drug cartels . However , it lost track of more than 1,000 firearms that the agency had allowed straw buyers to carry across the border , and two of those lost weapons turned up at the scene of the 2010 killing of U.S. Border Patrol agent Brian Terry . Republican lawmakers had long demanded documents on the operation that Holder refused to turn over , launching a major fight over executive privilege . "  Good riddance Eric Holder , " tweeted Rep. Jeff Duncan , R-South Carolina , after the Thursday announcement . "  Your disregard for the Constitution of the United States will not be missed . " Who might replace Eric Holder ? Long-lasting legacy Holder 's legacy will be felt for years . In the coming months , the Supreme Court is poised to decide the constitutionality of same-sex marriage , an issue that was largely driven on a national scale by the attorney general . He has repeatedly cited the Obama administration decision in 2011 to quit defending the Defense of Marriage Act , which eventually led to the June 2013 Supreme Court ruling striking down parts of the law requiring the federal government to deny recognition of legal same-sex marriages . That strategy has led to state bans being toppled in rapid succession in the past year . Gay rights groups say Holder 's leadership to make it easier for gays and lesbians to legally wed across the United States is seen by many activists as the civil rights issue of the new millennium . "  I believe we must be suspicious of legal classifications based solely on sexual orientation , " Holder said this spring . "  And we must endeavor -- in all of our efforts -- to uphold and advance the values that once led our forebears to declare unequivocally that all are created equal and entitled to equal opportunity . " Voting restriction laws Holder also recently made a public push to fight what he calls "  restrictive state laws " over the ability of voters -- especially minorities -- to cast ballots . The Justice Department has sued Texas over its voter identification regulations , and a federal appeals court is hearing oral arguments Thursday over North Carolina 's law limiting same-day registration and early voting . Such an approach made Holder arguably one of the most controversial attorney generals in recent memory . "  With Eric Holder 's departure , the nation can begin to heal . His was the most divisive tenure of any attorney general I can recall , tearing the country apart on racial and partisan lines , " said Ilya Shapiro , a senior fellow at the libertarian Cato Institute . "  By not just pushing but breaking through the envelope of plausible legal argument , Attorney General Holder has done his all to expand federal  especially executive  power and contract individual liberty beyond any constitutional recognition . Eric Holder will not be missed by those who support the rule of law . " Changes in sentencing guidelines Perhaps the issue closest to the attorney general 's heart was working to change sentencing guidelines to give prosecutors more flexibility in certain non-violent criminal cases . He and his aides have been pushing for rehabilitation instead of warehousing of prisoners , and getting rid of the disparity in the way the justice system deals with defendants charged in cocaine and crack cocaine crimes . He is joined in that effort by Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , and other conservatives who have similar views on expanded individual rights . But Holder 's moves to use administrative memos to make effective changes before Congress passes new laws have also generated criticism . Former Attorney General Michael Mukasey told CNN 's Jake Tapper recently that he generally agreed with "  the goal of getting rid of mandatory minimums ... But the way to do that is to pass a law , not to say you 're going to disregard the law . " Iowa Sen. Charles Grassley , the ranking Republican on the Judiciary Committee and a frequent Holder critic , has similarly criticized the Obama administration for taking action without waiting for Congress . Holder endorses shorter sentences for drug offenders Efforts on national security On the national security front , Holder has been unsuccessful in his desire to close the Guantanamo military prison , where mostly Muslim terror suspects and other "  enemy combatants " are being held , over the strong objections of many nations and international human rights groups . His department cites the successful prosecution of dozens of terror suspects in the civilian criminal justice system . Holder this month also announced a program to try to thwart recruitment by extremist groups such as ISIS , attempting to involve social and mental health workers as well as religious leaders and police to spot radicalization early . It was an effort to blend community outreach programs with stepped-up government surveillance , especially toward young Americans who would be willing to go overseas and join terror groups , including in Syria . Despite those efforts , authorities say more than 100 Americans have traveled in recent years to join groups involved in the Syrian civil war . More than a dozen are believed to have joined ISIS , which calls itself the Islamic State . "  I think it 's just a matter of time before they start looking outward and start looking at the West and at the United States in particular , " Holder warned this summer , referring to ISIS recruitment efforts . Balancing security and freedom Many legal and security experts see a mixed record for the administration 's efforts to balance security and freedom in a post-9 / 11 era . There has been criticism over the failure to prevent the leak of sensitive national security information by former NSA contractor Edward Snowden , who disclosed a secret , sweeping government program to gather millions of Americans ' phone "  metadata " records without their permission or knowledge . When discussing his civil rights efforts , Holder often mentions his sister-in-law , who in 1963 made history as one of the two black students who integrated the University of Alabama under federal armed guard . A portrait of a Justice Department prosecutor who stood watch on the university steps that day hangs in Holder 's personal office in a fifth-floor corner of the Justice Department headquarters -- named for Robert F. Kennedy , another one of his heroes . In a May speech , Holder talked about his role as both a defender of justice and a guardian of safety and security -- and how he approached that often-competing challenge . "  In recent years , thousands of Americans , the pride of our nation , have given their lives -- and deal even today with the scars of war -- so that hopeful , striving people who live continents away could proudly hold up their purple fingers after voting in a truly democratic process , " he said . "  America is now 50 years from Freedom Summer . And we must not countenance , within our own borders , practices that would make it difficult or impossible to exercise the right for which so many have given so much . "	Eric Holder served as attorney general for six years Critics are happy to see him go , say he disregarded Constitution Supporters say he advanced civil rights
DAVOS , Switzerland  CNN  -- Pakistan 's Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has called on the United States to halt its drone attacks against al Qaeda and Taliban fighters on Pakistani soil and warned that the missile strikes were fueling militarism in the country 's troubled tribal border region . Pakistani Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani sat down Wednesday with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in Davos . At least 17 people were killed in two drone strikes near the Afghan border on Friday , according to the Pakistani government , in the first attacks authorized since U.S. President Barack Obama took office last week . Defense Secretary Robert Gates , who has remained in the post despite the change of government , said Tuesday that Pakistan was aware of U.S. strikes against militants within its territory -- but Gilani strenuously denied that any agreement existed between Islamabad and Washington . "  I want to put on record that we do not have any agreement between the government of the United States and the government of Pakistan , " Gilani told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in an interview at the World Economic Forum . "  If there are any drone attacks these would be counter-productive ... Therefore we ask that if they have credible and actionable information , they share it with our intelligence agencies and we will take action ourselves . " Watch Christiane Amanpour 's interview with Gilani " Gilani said that ongoing Pakistani army operations against the militants were backed by the region 's local population , but warned that missile attacks jeopardized tribal support for the government and urged President Obama to "  respect the sovereignty of Pakistan . " "  We are successfully isolating the militants from the local tribes , " said Gilani . "  But when there is one drone attack then you get them united . There is a lot of anti-American sentiment growing in those areas . " Dismissing western skepticism of his government 's commitment to fighting Islamic militancy on its soil , Gilani said the conflict was fueled by fighters from Chechnya , Uzbekistan and the Middle East spilling over the border from Afghanistan , rather than indigenous militancy . He also said NATO 's continuing struggle to establish law and order in Afghanistan proved that neighboring regions that had been dragged into the conflict could not be pacified so easily , and rejected suggestions that U.S. military aid should be performance-related as "  counter-productive . " "  We have the ability and we have even the will but we do n't have the capacity , " he told CNN . "  The world is focusing on Afghanistan ; they have the most sophisticated weapons in the world -- and our poor people they are fighting without any arms or ammunition . NATO is having a very , very tough time in Afghanistan . We are also fighting a very tough fight . " Gilani 's remarks followed an earlier statement from Islamabad in which his government said there was "  no understanding " between Pakistan and the U.S. over the ongoing missile campaign and called for "  closer cooperation at the operational level " between U.S. and Pakistani forces . "  As far as al Qaeda is concerned , Pakistan has done more than any other country . We look forward to working closely with the new U.S. administration on all issues , including in the fight against terrorism , " a spokesman said .	Pakistani Prime Minister Gilani : No agreement with U.S. over drone attacks Missile strikes fuel militancy by uniting militants , local tribes , Gilani says Gilani dismisses western skepticism over Pakistani commitment to fighting militancy Gilani urges U.S. President Obama to respect Pakistan 's sovereignty
CNN  -- "  Gee whiz ! Look at that horizon . It 's curved a little bit and the clouds are way down there . I wonder what the picture 's going to look like ? " recalls famed astronaut Buzz Aldrin . He 's perhaps best known for becoming the second person to walk on the moon , as part of the 1969 Apollo moon landing , but Aldrin unknowingly made history when in 1966 , he snapped the "  first space selfie . " Taken while on the 10th and final Gemini mission -- Gemini 12 -- Aldrin revealed the story behind the selfie to CNN . WATCH : Buzz Aldrin 's space selfie "  I did n't realize I was pioneering the selfies , " he says with his usual wide-eyed enthusiasm . "  We were docked to the other spacecraft , Agena . There was an experimenter from Northwestern University and he wanted pictures taken of ultraviolet stars . So we could only take pictures at night . " He adds : "  During the day pass , I 'm looking down at the Astrodome , some of the lakes around Houston , so what am I going to do during the daytime ? Look at the camera and hit the button . " And that was that . Aldrin had just snapped what he claims is the "  first selfie in space . " Today it 's the norm and NASA has gotten incredibly good at sharing the best shots with the world on social media . But it 's not just astronauts . Scientists and engineers are getting in on the action , too , by having the robots and orbiters out and about the galaxy take happy snaps of their alien surroundings . Scroll through the gallery above to see more . Meanwhile , almost 50 years on , Aldrin reflects on his other "  first " and concedes he took the pioneering pic out of boredom . "  What for ? I do n't know . I wondered what I looked like . Another claim to fame for Buzz , " he says leaning forward with a cheeky grin on his face . SEE : The cosmos in pictures	Buzz Aldrin posted what he calls "  the world 's first space selfie , " taken in 1966 It was captured while he was shooting pics of ultraviolet stars while on the Gemini 12 mission "  I did n't realize I was pioneering the selfies , " Aldrin told CNN Today it 's a fairly popular past-time for astronauts to send selfies home from space
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Pentagon said Monday that Chinese ships harassed a U.S. surveillance ship Sunday in the South China Sea in the latest of several instances of "  increasingly aggressive conduct " in the past week . The Navy says this photo shows two Chinese trawlers forcing the Impeccable to make an emergency "  all stop . " During the incident , five Chinese vessels "  shadowed and aggressively maneuvered in dangerously close proximity to USNS Impeccable , in an apparent coordinated effort to harass the U.S. ocean surveillance ship while it was conducting routine operations in international waters , " the Pentagon said in a written statement . The crew members aboard the vessels , two of which were within 50 feet , waved Chinese flags and told the U.S. ship to leave the area , the statement said . "  Because the vessels ' intentions were not known , Impeccable sprayed its fire hoses at one of the vessels in order to protect itself , " the statement said . "  The Chinese crewmembers disrobed to their underwear and continued closing to within 25 feet . " After the Impeccable alerted the Chinese ships "  in a friendly manner " that it was seeking a safe path to depart the area , two of the Chinese ships stopped "  directly ahead of USNS Impeccable , forcing Impeccable to conduct an emergency ` all stop ' in order to avoid collision , " the statement said . "  They dropped pieces of wood in the water directly in front of Impeccable 's path . " A Pentagon spokesman called the incident "  one of the most aggressive actions we 've seen in some time . We will certainly let Chinese officials know of our displeasure at this reckless and dangerous maneuver . " He said the Chinese crew members used poles to try to snag the Impeccable 's acoustic equipment in the water . Watch CNN 's Chris Lawrence report on the incident " The U.S. Embassy in Beijing lodged a protest over the weekend with the Chinese government , a State Department spokesman said Monday . The Impeccable 's crew is composed primarily of civilians and the ship itself is not armed , the spokesman said . No one at the Chinese Foreign Ministry in Beijing answered CNN 's telephone calls seeking comment , and there were no stories about the incident in Chinese media . The 281.5-foot Impeccable is one of six surveillance ships that perform military survey operations , according to the Navy . It is an oceanographic ship that gathers underwater acoustic data , using sonar . It has a maximum speed of 13 knots -- or about 15 mph -- but it travels 3 knots , or 3.5 mph , when towing its array of monitoring equipment . It carries a crew of 20 mariners , five technicians and as many as 20 Navy personnel . The Chinese ships involved were a Navy intelligence collection ship , a Bureau of Maritime Fisheries Patrol Vessel , a State Oceanographic Administration patrol vessel and two small Chinese-flagged trawlers , the statement said . The Pentagon cited three previous instances of what it described as harassment , the first of which occurred Wednesday , when a Chinese Bureau of Fisheries Patrol vessel used a spotlight to illuminate the the ocean surveillance ship USNS Victorious . In that incident , which occurred about 125 miles from China 's coast in the Yellow Sea , the Chinese ship "  crossed Victorious ' bow at a range of about 1,400 yards " in darkness without notice or warning . The following day , a Chinese Y-12 maritime surveillance aircraft conducted 12 fly-bys of Victorious at an altitude of about 400 feet and a range of 500 yards . The next day , a Chinese frigate approached Impeccable "  and proceeded to cross its bow at a range of approximately 100 yards , " which was followed less than two hours later by a Chinese Y-12 aircraft conducting 11 fly-bys of Impeccable at an altitude of 600 feet and a range of 100 to 300 feet , the statement said . "  The frigate then crossed Impeccable 's bow yet again , this time at a range of approximately 400-500 yards without rendering courtesy or notice of her intentions . " And on Saturday , a Chinese intelligence collection ship challenged Impeccable over bridge-to-bridge radio , "  calling her operations illegal and directing Impeccable to leave the area or ` suffer the consequences , ' " the statement said . In 2007 , the Pentagon filed a formal protest with Beijing over its refusal to allow a U.S. aircraft carrier to make a Thanksgiving port call in Hong Kong so its crew could spend the American holiday with relatives and over its refusal to grant refuge to two U.S. minesweeping ships that were caught in a storm . And in 2001 , an EP-3 surveillance plane collided with a Chinese fighter jet and made an emergency landing on China 's Hainan Island , where the Chinese held the plane 's 24 American crew members for 11 days before releasing them . CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report from Beijing , China .	State Department says U.S. Embassy in Beijing has lodged protest U.S. surveillance ship was in international waters , Pentagon says Pentagon says vessels came "  dangerously close , " so U.S. ship sprayed fire hoses Statement : Chinese crew stripped to underwear , tried to snag acoustic equipment
April 2 , 2015 An unstable Middle Eastern country has become a potential battlefield for a proxy war . Today on CNN Student News , hear an explainer on why Yemen is the focus of global concern . We also report on the origins of April Fools ' Day , we detail how a 1,000-year-old recipe could cure a modern-day superbug , and we feature a Character Study on a woman who 's steering kids to a better life . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah condemned the crackdown on anti-government protesters in Syria on Sunday , saying there is "  no justification for the bloodshed . " In a written statement released via Saudi state television Sunday night , Abdullah said the kingdom had recalled its ambassador from Damascus for consultations . "  What is happening there is not accepted by the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , " the king said . "  There is no justification for the bloodshed in Syria , and what is happening has nothing to do with religion or ethics . The Syrian leadership could activate comprehensive reforms quickly . " Demonstrations against the government of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad began in March , and protesters have defied increasingly harsh efforts to put down the movement . Government troops and police launched a fresh crackdown last week , prompting condemnation from a variety of countries and organizations , including the Arab League , the United Nations and the Roman Catholic Church . Abdullah 's statement puts the leader of one of the leading powers in the region behind calls for an end to the violence . In his remarks Sunday night , he said Syria 's future "  lies between two choices -- either wisdom or chaos . " Syria is a longtime ally of Iran , Saudi Arabia 's leading rival in the Persian Gulf region . Ties between Riyadh and Damascus also were strained by a January political crisis in Syria 's former client state of Lebanon , during which Saudi Arabia gave up on efforts at mediation . And while Abdullah has condemned the Syrian crackdown , Saudi Arabia sent troops to Bahrain in March to help its neighboring Gulf monarchy suppress anti-government protesters there . Bahrain 's Sunni Muslim rulers accused Shiite-led Iran of fueling demonstrations among the island kingdom 's Shiite majority , an accusation the protesters denied .	The Syrian crackdown is "  not accepted " by Riyadh , King Abdullah says Saudi Arabia has recalled its ambassador and called for reform in Syria
CNN  -- Europeans are revolting -- against their leaders and established political parties , against an austerity plan ` made in Germany ' , and against a future that promises declining living standards and shriveling public services . Within the past few days , Greeks have fled to opposite ends of the spectrum , with significant numbers voting for far-left and far-right parties that were but specks on the political landscape two years ago . The French turfed out the president who wanted to make them more competitive and less indebted -- and voted for a candidate pledged to reversing the recent rise in the retirement age . Two million voters deliberately spoiled their ballot papers after the leader of the far-right National Front said that 's what she would do . In local elections in Britain both parties in the ruling coalition were rebuffed . The left and protest groups did well in Italy 's local elections Monday , with former Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi 's party taking a beating . Comedian Beppe Grillo , who wants Italy to default on its debt , took 21 % of the vote in the city of Parma . And in Germany Sunday , Chancellor Angela Merkel was snubbed in a state election -- voters apparently weary of Germany 's hard-earned "  fiscal rectitude " being tarnished by those spendthrift Mediterranean types . Even if Europe is financially out of intensive care -- after a series of summits that basically endorsed Germany 's blueprint for the future and sought to stabilize the banking system -- the economic and employment outlook remains grim . In response to popular discontent , the rhetoric is changing : less stress on austerity , more on engineering growth . Hence Merkel 's olive branch to France 's new Socialist President , Francois Hollande : "  We are talking about two sides of the same coin -- progress is only achievable via solid finances plus growth . " But one Merkel ally -- Volker Kauder of the Christian Democrats -- was less tactful . "  There will not be new public programs to boost activity , such as the  opposition  German Social Democrats and Francois Hollande are calling for , " he told a German newspaper . Hollande has vowed not to endorse the European Union 's treaty on fiscal discipline without new growth initiatives . If he means it , the markets wo n't like it . Chances are , according to Ian Bremmer of Eurasia Group , that it was fodder for the campaign trail . "  His EU growth agenda means little in actual policy substance , " Bremmer wrote Monday . "  A shift in policy rhetoric , which German Chancellor Angela Merkel has already been tacking toward , should prove sufficient to keep relations on track . " So , discard a crisis in Franco-German relations , and look for a vague compromise instead -- plus a guerrilla war on whether the European Central Bank should be in the stimulus business . Whatever government is formed in Greece , and it will likely be a makeshift coalition , it wo n't push Europe into diluting the medicine . The options for whoever takes office in Athens are stark : stay the internationally-prescribed course and receive further support ; or go cold turkey and exit the eurozone . The Greek electorate , after seeing their incomes fall  on average  by nearly one-third in three years , are in a foul and volatile mood . And next month , whoever is in power in Athens has to find another $ 15 billion in spending cuts to keep international creditors happy . This might politely be described as uncharted waters . The old parties of center-left and center-right are short of a parliamentary majority even if they agree to combine , while Golden Dawn , replete with its neo-Nazi symbolism and threatening a war on immigrants , suddenly has 21 deputies . The headline in the Greek newspaper Ta Nea Monday , with no hint of hyperbole : "  The Nightmare of Un-governability . " Essentially , the European politicians so reviled by the voters have little room to maneuver . Neither Germany nor the financial markets will entertain increased borrowing or backsliding on targets to cut deficits . German proposals for labor reforms to make Europe more competitive are a long-term enterprise . So is chipping away at public debt that has swollen over the past decade and more . In Greece and across much of Europe , younger voters are suffering the highest rates of unemployment and are flocking to the political margins . In the 17 countries of the eurozone more than one-tenth of the labor force is idle , according to the latest statistics from Eurostat . Fifty one percent of Spaniards under 25 are out of work while Italian unemployment hit a 12-year high in March . Spain 's new Conservative government has intensified spending cuts and is putting pressure on the spendthrift regional governments to get their budgets balanced . In January , the central government had to step in to ensure the city of Valencia could repay a $ 160 million debt to Deutsche Bank , while Spanish banks have suffered a sharp rise in bad loans , and property prices continue to crumble . Italy 's situation is similarly parlous . Its technocratic government is trying to identify spending cuts to avert a rise in the top rate of sales tax  known as VAT  to 23 % . The government expects the economy to contract 1.2 % this year -- hardly the sort of performance that will get people back to work . Writing in the Financial Times last October , former British Prime Minister John Major described a European scenario that seemed like the economic equivalent of Edward Munch 's "  The Scream . " The southern states "  must devalue their living standards and promote reforms to enhance efficiency . This will take years . Meanwhile , wages must fall , unemployment will rise and social unrest will increase . The severity of this medicine may not be bearable in a liberal democracy . " And when Major was prime minister , he was never one to exaggerate .	Political leaders who supported austerity , cuts suffer election defeats across Europe Anti-austerity votes seen in France , Greece , UK , Italy and even Germany Far-right , far-left and protest groups do well But whoever is in power austerity seems to remain the key economic policy
EW.com  -- Three Thursday night dramas were greeted with larger audiences for their final episodes of the season , but one NBC comedy tied its all-time low . ABC 's "  Grey 's Anatomy " delivered 11.1 million viewers and a 3.9 rating , up 11 percent from last week and marking its best rating in three months . Check out EW.com 's interview with "  Grey 's " showrunner Shonda Rhimes about last night 's two shocking exits here . Bigger news : Rhimes ' "  Scandal "  7.5 million , 2.4  was up too , and not just a little . The political soap was up 26 percent , which is expected to mark a series high for the show  even after its rating is adjusted later today to account for some "  Grey 's " overrun  . "  Scandal " started its brief midseason run modestly but , as we 've noted before , seemed like it had the potential to grow . CBS ' "  The Mentalist "  13 million , 2.5  was also up a tick for its latest Red John-focused finale  our interview with creator Bruno Heller about the finale here  . Lead-in "  Person of Interest "  13.3 million , 2.5  , however , was down a notch for its finale . All four dramas return this fall , though "  The Mentalist " will shift to Sunday nights . Now , about that triple-header "  Community " finale . Why is NBC moving this comedy to Friday nights ? Ratings like this . "  Community "  2.5 million , 1.3  , given a shot in the 9 p.m. hour , tied its series low across two episodes , as well as its 8 p.m. episode  3 million , 1.3  . At 8:30 p.m. , "  30 Rock "  2.9 million , 1.3  did n't fare any better . At 10 p.m. , "  Awake "  2.1 million , 0.7  was down 22 percent from last week . Fox 's "  American Idol "  15.8 million , 4.2  was up 8 percent . "  Touch "  6.3 million , 1.8  , however , did n't take advantage of its boosted lead in , and fell 5 percent  Fridays !  . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Grey 's Anatomy " delivered 11.1 million viewers and a 3.9 rating "  Scandal "  7.5 million , 2.4  was up too , and not just a little "  The Mentalist "  13 million , 2.5  was also up a tick for its latest Red John-focused finale
The urban jungle of greater Los Angeles is wrangling with a mystery caught on video : Just what kind of beast is lurking in the pre-dawn darkness ? So far , authorities have ruled out a mountain lion . But could it be an African lion , just 25 miles outside downtown Los Angeles , in the suburb of Norwalk ? Or , as some wiseacres assert on Norwalk 's Facebook page , could it be the mythic chupacabra , the dreaded "  goat sucker " fabled in Latin America ? Norwalk city officials are taking the matter seriously -- that a mysterious animal has been on the loose since it was last seen on July 29 just before 4 a.m. , according to a time stamp on the video . Officials are calling it "  a large wild cat , " the city 's website says . A residential surveillance video shows what appears to be an aged lion with a long , curving tail . It saunters behind a parked vehicle and then appears in an illuminated area , clearly showing an overall image of the animal . A resident mistakenly reported it as a "  mountain lion , " city officials said . "  Animal was not aggressive -- moves slowly as if aged , " city officials said on their Facebook page . The California "  Department of Fish and Wildlife confirmed that the large cat-like animal captured on surveillance video is NOT a mountain lion , " city officials added . "  Department officials still can not definitively identify the type of animal . They will continue to investigate . " Beneath that notice was one comment that described an uneasy city : "  Do n't know what 's scarier , that it was a mountain lion , or that ` Department officials still can not definitively identify the type of animal . ' " Police and sheriff 's deputies have stepped up their patrols in Norwalk , located among a knot of smaller cities southeast of downtown Los Angeles . Authorities are providing information to residents on what to do if they see the animal . The neighborhood where the big animal was sighted is at least 20 miles from typical foothill habitat for mountain lions and is near the junction of Interstate Highways 5 and 605 , CNN affiliate KTLA said . One lion expert told The Los Angeles Times that the animal appeared to be an African lion , but another expert told the newspaper that he thought it was a leopard . The video appears to distort the size of the animal , which could be no more than 2 feet high , the height of a sign that it passes , state game warden Don Nelson told the newspaper . "  It appears , in my opinion , to look like a dog , maybe an older pit bull mix , " Nelson said in an interview with KTLA . But he said "  anything is possible . " In the meantime , area residents continue to speculate . "  Proportions are n't correct for an African lion or cheetah , but it 's definitely a big cat , " one woman posted on Norwalk 's Facebook page . "  By the large size of the head and thickness of the body , I 'd say this animal is a young adult jaguar . They 've been trying to re-establish themselves in the Southwest for some time . " Another rare ` sea monster ' lands in California : a 15-foot saber-toothed whale Huge swarm of anchovies in California waters	A surveillance video captures a mysterious animal before dawn Police in Norwalk , California , have stepped up their patrols Officials have ruled out a mountain lion Could it be an African lion or a leopard , as some experts tell a newspaper ?
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Bush administration told the CIA in 2002 that its interrogators working abroad would not violate U.S. prohibitions against torture unless they "  have the specific intent to inflict severe pain or suffering , " according to a previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday . Former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft testifies before Congress July 17 about waterboarding . The interrogator 's "  good faith " and "  honest belief " that the interrogation will not cause such suffering protects the interrogator , the memo adds . "  Because specific intent is an element of the offense , the absence of specific intent negates the charge of torture , " Jay Bybee , then the assistant attorney general , wrote in the memo . The 18-page memo is heavily redacted , with 10 of its 18 pages completely blacked out and only a few paragraphs legible on the others . Another memo released Thursday advises that "  the waterboard , " or simulated drowning , does "  not violate the Torture Statute . " It also cites a number of warnings against torture , including statements by President Bush and a then-new Supreme Court ruling "  which raises possible concerns about future U.S. judicial review of the -LSB- interrogation -RSB- Program . " A third memo instructs interrogators to keep records of sessions in which "  enhanced interrogation techniques " are used . The memo is signed by then-CIA director George Tenet and dated January 28 , 2003 . The memos were made public by the American Civil Liberties Union , which obtained the three CIA-related documents under Freedom of Information Act requests . "  These documents supply further evidence , if any were needed , that the Justice Department authorized the CIA to torture prisoners in its custody , " said Jameel Jaffer , director of the ACLU National Security Project . The Bush administration has consistently denied that the United States tortures detainees . Reports say the CIA waterboarded three "  high-value detainees , " including Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , although former Justice Department official Daniel Levin suggested in congressional testimony in June that there had been more than three instances of the practice , which critics call torture . The third document released Thursday was blacked out except for a line saying "  Unless otherwise approved by Headquarters , CIA officers  redacted  may use only Permissible Interrogation Techniques . Permissible Interrogation Techniques consist of both  a  Standard Techniques and  b  Enhanced Techniques , " plus the instruction for interrogators to keep records of sessions in which enhanced interrogation techniques are used .	Previously secret Justice Department memo released Thursday 18-page memo heavily redacted ; 10 of 18 pages blacked out Only a few paragraphs legible on the other pages DOJ authorized the CIA to torture prisoners , says ACLU official
CNN  -- A former government contract employee was indicted on charges of stealing restricted nuclear energy-related materials and putting the United States at risk , the Department of Justice announced Thursday . Sources say the classified materials were taken from the East Tennessee Technology Park . Roy Lynn Oakley , 67 , of Roane County , Tennessee , appeared in federal court in Knoxville on Thursday . Oakley was briefly detained for questioning in the case in January , when authorities first learned of the alleged plot to divulge the materials , government sources told CNN . He voluntarily surrendered Thursday at an FBI field office in Knoxville , the sources said . Oakley is a former employee of Bechtel Jacobs , the Department of Energy 's prime environmental management contractor at the East Tennessee Technology Park , prosecutors said . The indictment states that Oakley , "  having possession of , access to and having been entrusted with sections of ` barriers ' and associated hardware used for uranium enrichment through the process of gaseous diffusion ... having reason to believe that such data would be utilized to injure the United States and secure an advantage to a foreign nation , did communicate , transmit and disclose such data to another person . " The transfer took place January 26 , the indictment alleges . Oakley is also charged with converting the material and "  restricted data " to his own use . He began doing so on about October 17 , 2006 , and continued through January , prosecutors said . Prosecutors said the materials involved have been examined by scientists and posed no threat to people who may have come into contact with them . Oakley 's attorney , Herb Moncier , said outside court Thursday that Oakley 's job was to break rods "  into little pieces " and throw them away . Moncier said Oakley had a security clearance , but Moncier did not believe it was a high-level clearance . The government alleges that in January , Oakley attempted to sell the "  pieces of scrap " to someone he thought was a French agent -- but in reality was an undercover FBI agent , Moncier said . He said he questions whether those broken pieces would be considered an "  appliance " under the law . "  Mr. Oakley has cooperated fully for the last six months , " said Moncier , who added that he had traveled to Washington for work on the case . Each count carries a possible sentence upon conviction of up to 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . "  While none of the stolen equipment was ever transmitted to a foreign government or terrorist organization , the facts of this case demonstrate the importance of safeguarding our nuclear technology and pursuing aggressive prosecution against those who attempt to breach the safeguards and put that technology in the wrong hands , " Kenneth Wainstein , assistant attorney general for national security , said in the Justice Department statement . One government source said the materials involved are not the "  crown jewels , " but they should not have been taken from the facility . A "  barrier " is used to filter uranium during the enrichment process , according to nuclear energy officials , but a significant number of barriers are needed to do that job . Sources told CNN that federal authorities have been following Oakley and investigating the case for at least six months , after he allegedly tried to sell the classified material . Oakley , described as a low-level employee , apparently did not make contact with any foreign government and is not a foreign agent of any kind , an official familiar with the case said . A government official with with knowledge of the case said that when authorities learned of Oakley 's alleged intentions six months ago , the FBI and Department of Energy launched a joint investigation . The FBI then developed a sting operation , government officials familiar with the case said , and authorities intervened before there could be any involvement of a foreign country . East Tennessee Technology Park is an area of the DOE 's Oak Ridge reservation "  where we are currently decontaminating and decommissioning buildings that were last used in 1985 , " Gerald Boyd , manager of the DOE 's Oak Ridge site office , said Thursday . "  When they were in use , now over 20 years ago , some of the buildings at ETTP housed facilities used for the enrichment of uranium . " Boyd said the technology park and the reservation "  are protected by multiple layers of security systems and detection programs , both visible and unseen , meant to identify rogue employees attempting to abuse their access and position . " In this case , a review of security procedures showed that the system worked and "  successfully identified the individual in question , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Terry Frieden and Kelli Arena contributed to this report .	NEW : Indictment : Man tried to pass nuclear filters to foreign agent NEW : Roy Lynn Oakley appears in court in Tennessee after surrendering NEW : Facility 's role is to break down decommissioned equipment NEW : Lawyer : Oakley 's job was to break machine parts into pieces , pitch them
CNN  -- Two days after a Philadelphia woman 's abduction was captured on video , police say they have a lead across the state line : Someone used her bank card Tuesday morning in Maryland . A male used Carlesha Freeland-Gaither 's ATM card at 6:01 a.m. a bank in Aberdeen , Maryland , about a 75-mile drive southwest from the Philadelphia street where she was forced into a car on Sunday night , Philadelphia police Chief Inspector Dennis Wilson told reporters . Wilson did n't say how the card was used or whether cash was withdrawn . But he said surveillance video showed a male "  similar " to the man who police say dragged and abducted the 22-year-old woman Sunday night . News of that lead came shortly before Freeland-Gaither 's family publicly pleaded with whoever took her . "  Please return her . We just want Carlesha returned to us safely , " her grandmother Ana Mulero said at a news conference with Wilson in Philadelphia . "  Just return her to us . We 're her family . She has a family here . We need her . " Police did n't immediately release the bank video . But authorities earlier released a video that they say shows Freeland-Gaither being accosted by an unknown man in Philadelphia 's Germantown-Penn Knox area around 9:40 p.m. on Sunday . That video , released Monday , shows a man approaching a woman near an intersection and then grabbing her and dragging her down a street , toward the camera . The released footage does n't include audio , but a witness reported that Freeland-Gaither yelled for help , police said . The video shows Freeland-Gaither tussling on the ground with her abductor and being forced into a four-door vehicle , which police say may be a gray Ford Taurus . Her glasses and cell phone were dropped onto the road during the struggle . Just before the vehicle pulled away , Freeland-Gaither broke out one of the passenger side windows , police said . Police described the abductor as an unknown black man of medium-heavy build , 25 to 30 years old . The video shows him wearing a dark jacket with a hood , a dark hat and dark pants . Freeland-Gaither 's family told CNN affiliate WPVI that she worked as a nurse and was just blocks from her home when she was abducted . Investigators are n't sure whether she knew her abductor , though there 's no indication on the Philadelphia surveillance video that she did , Wilson said . Police have n't publicly talked about a possible motive . Authorities initially said the abductor 's car had a Pennsylvania license plate , but Wilson said Tuesday that investigators are looking into whether a Maryland plate was on the car 's front . The plate is n't readily legible in the video , and police said no witness gave them a plate number . Mulero said her granddaughter lived with her for four years in Maryland before Freeland-Gaither returned to Philadelphia to be with other relatives and pursue a career . Officials are offering rewards of $ 42,000 for information leading to the case 's resolution , including $ 25,000 from the FBI , which is assisting in the investigation , Wilson said . CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Police : Card used in Aberdeen , Maryland , less than two days after abduction in Philadelphia Bank video shows male who looks "  similar " to man who abducted woman A 22-year-old woman was seen being forced into a car in Philadelphia on Sunday night Officials are offering rewards totaling $ 42,000
Several boats carrying as many as 150 people are believed to have capsized near the western coast of Myanmar as local residents scrambled to avoid a storm that 's approaching the area , a U.N. agency said Tuesday . The boats ferrying Rohingya , a long-suffering Muslim minority , are reported to have run into trouble on Monday night as they traveled from Pauktaw township in Myanmar 's Rakhine state , said Kirsten Mildren , a spokeswoman for the United Nations Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs  OCHA  in Bangkok . One of the boats was towing the others , and between them they were believed to be carrying 100 to 150 people , she said , noting that the exact number of boats and people involved is uncertain as conflicting reports from Rakhine continue to emerge . Some people are reported to have survived and made it to dry land , according to Mildren . Hindered by heavy rain and choppy waters , rescuers have found some bodies floating near the scene of the disaster , she said . The boats were part of an effort to relocate people in Rakhine away from low-lying areas , according to the OCHA , ahead the potential arrival of Cyclone Mahasen , a storm that may hit parts of Myanmar and Bangladesh later this week . Despite reforms , Myanmar 's ethnic violence continues A community at risk The advocacy group Human Rights Watch has expressed concerns about the safety of tens of thousands Rohingya and other Muslims who were driven from their homes and into camps during sectarian attacks by Buddhists in Rakhine last year . Human Rights Watch estimated that half of the roughly 140,000 displaced Muslims are now "  living in flood-prone paddy fields and coastal areas that may be hit by storm surges associated with Cyclone Mahasen . " "  If the government fails to evacuate those at risk , any disaster that results will not be natural , but man-made , " Brad Adams , the group 's Asia director , said in a statement Tuesday . The OCHA said Myanmar authorities had begun late Monday to carry out a plan to move 138,000 displaced people to higher ground ahead of the storm . The boats that capsized were part of that operation , Mildren said . They were traveling from Pauktaw , where thousands of Rohingya live in camps , to other Muslim communities in the area that were to provide shelter to the passengers , she said . Pauktaw sits on a network of waterways near the coast of Rakhine , on the Bay of Bengal . "  Most of the Rohingya there in the camps are in bad conditions to begin with , " Mildren said . "  Their shelters are not in any way cyclone-proof and these low lying areas where they are sheltering will flood . " Cyclone Mahasen is currently expected to make landfall Thursday near Chittagong , in southeastern Bangladesh . The Bangladesh border with Rakhine is a little over 100 kilometers south of Chittagong . Recent violence Relocating the displaced Rohingya to safer areas in Rakhine comes with particular difficulties related to their troubled history . "  Some of the IDPs are reportedly afraid of the security personnel in charge of the relocations in some of the sites , " the OCHA said in a report on the situation Monday , using the abbreviated term for internally displaced people . The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority -- thought to number between 800,000 and one million -- who suffered during decades of military rule in Myanmar . Though many Rohingya have only known life in Myanmar , they are viewed by Rakhine 's estimated three million Buddhists as intruders from neighboring Bangladesh . Myanmar does not consider them citizens or one of the 135 recognized ethnic groups living in the country . In a report last month , Human Rights Watch accused Myanmar security forces of involvement in a Buddhist campaign of ethnic cleansing against the Rohingya in Rakhine last year . The group alleged that crimes against humanity were committed by in the attacks on the Rohingya in which scores of people were killed . The report said that while local Arakanese Buddhists were also killed and displaced in the unrest , the Rohingya suffered by far the worst of the violence . The Myanmar government dismissed the report as "  one-sided . " With the storm approaching this week , Human Rights Watch is again drawing attention to the precarious situation of the Rohingya and other Muslims in Rakhine . "  Vulnerable Muslim populations are at risk not only from the cyclone , but from violence at the hands of ethnic Arakanese communities and the very local security forces who were responsible for their displacement in the first place , " Adams said .	Some survivors have reportedly been found , the U.N. OCHA says The boats were ferrying Rohingya to safer areas as a storm nears , the U.N. says The Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority who suffered in ethnic violence last year A human rights group warns that the Rohingya are particularly at risk from the cyclone
CNN  -- The Pentagon took issue Friday with the Afghan government 's claim that there was a lack of evidence against 65 prisoners released this week over staunch U.S. objections . "  All of these individuals are people who should not be walking the streets , " said Rear Adm. John Kirby , a Pentagon spokesman . "  And we had strong evidence on all of them , evidence that has been ignored , and that 's unsatisfactory to us . " He added that the prisoners posed threats not just to U.S. forces , but also civilians , as many of the prisoners were accused of killing innocent Afghans as well . The U.S. military in Afghanistan has said some of the men are linked to attacks that killed or wounded 32 American or coalition service members and 23 Afghan security personnel or civilians . "  They 're still very dangerous individuals who should have remained locked up , " Kirby said . "  There 's not going to be an active targeting campaign ... to go after them . That said , if they choose to return to the fight , they become legitimate enemies and legitimate targets . " Mohammad Ishaq Aloko , the Afghan attorney general , said Thursday that the decision to release the prisoners was made "  according to our law , " and Abdul Shukor Dadras , head of the Afghan Review Board , said the attorney general ordered the releases from the Parwan Detention Center -- formerly known as Bagram prison -- after a careful review of 88 cases . In a statement posted on its website , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul called the move "  deeply regrettable , " saying the Afghan government "  bears responsibility for the results of its decision . " Kirby suggested the move by the Afghan government endangers the military mission there and is "  unhelpful to the relationship that , that we want to have with Afghanistan . " He said that Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel feels that this decision , along with other recent decisions made by Kabul "  make it that much harder for many of those on the Hill in Congress to further support the Afghan missions . " A 23-page document obtained by CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr from a U.S. military official who asked not to be identified said about 19 of the released men were associated with direct attacks that killed or wounded 60 U.S. or coalition force members . There was no immediate explanation for the discrepancy . According to the document , 25 of the men were linked to the production or placement of IEDs ; 33 tested positive for explosive residue when processed after capture ; and 26 were associated with attacks that killed or wounded 57 Afghan citizens and Afghan National Security Forces . Prior to the prisoners ' release , U.S. authorities had repeatedly aired their displeasure over the plans . "  We have made clear our judgment that these individuals should be prosecuted under Afghan law . We requested that the cases be carefully reviewed , " the U.S. military said ahead of the release . "  But the evidence against them was never seriously considered , including by the attorney general , given the short time since the decision was made to transfer these cases to the Afghan legal system . " NATO Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said he was "  gravely concerned " by the decision , "  which appears to have been made based on political calculations and without regard for due process before the Afghan courts . " In a statement , he called it "  a major step backwards for the rule of law in Afghanistan . " The U.S. military noted that the group included an alleged Taliban explosives expert , a suspected Haqqani network commander and a specialist accused of building and placing improvised explosive devices . Afghan President Hamid Karzai defended the releases and slammed the United States for criticizing them . "  Afghanistan is a sovereign country , " he said . "  If the Afghan authorities decide to release a prisoner , it is of no concern to the U.S. and should be of no concern to the U.S. And I hope that the United States would stop harassing Afghanistan 's procedures and judicial authority and I hope that the United States will now begin to respect Afghan sovereignty . " CNN 's Tom Watkins , Jethro Mullen , Catherine E. Shoichet , Qadir Sediqi , Elizabeth Joseph and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	Admiral : If prisoners return to the fight , "  they become legitimate enemies " U.S. Embassy in Kabul says the prisoner release is "  deeply regrettable " U.S. military says some of those freed are linked to attacks on U.S. troops Afghanistan says it does n't have enough evidence to keep them behind bars
London  CNN  -- Two Australian radio DJs made a prank call to the hospital where Prince William 's pregnant wife , Catherine , is staying with acute morning sickness , claiming to be Queen Elizabeth II and her son , Prince Charles . The DJs , from Sydney 's 2Day FM station , succeeded in getting through to Kate 's private nurse at King Edward VII Hospital and had a brief conversation that included some details of her condition , according to audio of the call posted online . The hospital issued a statement Wednesday confirming that the hoax call had been transferred to a ward in the early hours of Tuesday morning and a short conversation was held with one of the nursing staff . The hospital "  deeply regrets " the incident , it said . John Lofthouse , chief executive at the hospital , is quoted as saying : "  This was a foolish prank call that we all deplore . We take patient confidentiality extremely seriously and we are now reviewing our telephone protocols . " Prince William 's office at Clarence House has not commented on the incident . The radio show posted an apology for the call on its official Twitter feed Wednesday , and issued a statement . "  2Day FM sincerely apologises for any inconvenience caused by the enquiry to Kate 's hospital , the radio segment was done with light-hearted intentions , we wish Kate and her family all the best and we 're glad to hear she 's doing well , " it said . The two DJs , Mel Greig and Michael Christian , are quoted as saying : "  We were very surprised that our call was put through , we thought we 'd be hung up on as soon as they heard our terrible accents . " An earlier tweet by 2Day FM had described it as a "  hilarious prank . " Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , is still receiving treatment after she was admitted to the hospital Monday with hyperemesis gravidarum , a condition which involves nausea and vomiting more severe than the typical morning sickness many women suffer during early pregnancy Audio of the call posted online reveals that the nurse , sounding nervous , divulged general details of Kate 's condition and care . Catherine and William baby news sparks media frenzy She also tells DJs , who host the Summer 30 show on 2Day FM , what time William left the previous evening and suggests they visit after 9 a.m. that day . The incident is bound to raise concerns over security and privacy provisions at the hospital . Greig , who impersonated the queen , exclaims after the call ends : "  She was giving us real information ! " The conversation was conducted in poorly done English accents and with frequent references to "  Charles " walking the queen 's corgis , her much-loved dogs , but it did not appear to raise alarm bells with hospital staff . The DJs commented on how easy it was to make the prank call . The queen was previously the object of a prank call in 1995 , when Canadian DJ Pierre Brassard got through to Buckingham Palace pretending to be then-Canadian Prime Minister Jean Chretien . According to UK media reports at the time , they spoke for about quarter of an hour and discussed an upcoming referendum on independence for Quebec . The palace said Monday that Catherine , 30 , is likely to remain in the hospital for several days . Pregnancy and privacy : Royal Catherine 's dilemma The duchess is not yet 12 weeks pregnant , Clarence House told CNN , so the palace is not announcing a due date for the child . William and Catherine 's child will be next in line to the British throne after William , regardless of whether it is a boy or a girl . Planned changes to the law of succession that end the tradition of a boy jumping over an elder sister are already de facto in effect , the British Cabinet Office said . Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said Tuesday that all 16 countries that recognize the British monarch as their head of state have formally agreed to the change and British lawmakers will change the rules as soon as possible . Clegg also said that the change in succession will allow someone in line to the throne to marry a Catholic -- but not to be a Catholic . The Church of England is the nation 's official church . It split from the Roman Catholic Church in the 16th century . CNN 's Max Foster , David Wilkinson , Damien Ward , Jack Maddox and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : Australian DJs say they were surprised their call with "  terrible accents " was put through The radio station apologizes , says the call was "  done with light-hearted intentions " The hospital says it "  deeply regrets " the prank call getting through to the ward A nurse at King Edward VII Hospital gives DJs details of Catherine 's condition
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- The Florida Department of Law Enforcement closed a sex-related criminal probe of former U.S. Rep. Mark Foley on Friday without filing charges , authorities said . "  There is insufficient evidence to pursue criminal charges , " said Gerald Bailey , commissioner of the Florida Department of Law Enforcement . Authorities were investigating whether the Florida Republican , who resigned in September 2006 , might have used congressional computers to engage or solicit minors in any illegal activities . Officials said they were hindered by refusal from Foley and the House of Representatives to allow inspection of the computers . "  FDLE conducted as thorough and comprehensive investigation as possible considering Congress and Mr. Foley denied us access to critical data , " Bailey said in a written statement . "  Should additional information arise which is pertinent to this case , we will ensure it is appropriately investigated . " Foley is "  relieved " that no probable cause was found to charge him with a crime , his lawyer , David Roth , told reporters Friday evening . But in a statement Roth read on behalf of the former congressman , Foley added , "  I however recognize that while my behavior was not illegal , it does not by any means make it proper or approriate . To the contrary , I am deeply ashamed of my conduct , which was wrong and without question inappropriate . " Foley said he takes full responsibility for his actions and apologized , particularly to the recipients of the e-mails or instant messages . "  I continue to pray for forgiveness from those I have disappointed " and emotionally harmed , Foley said in the statement . Foley entered treatment for alcoholism on October 1 , 2006 , he said in his statement , and has been clean and sober since the day he resigned from Congress . Roth has denied that his client engaged in sexual activity with minors . "  He is absolutely , positively not a pedophile , " attorney David Roth said previously . "  He is apologetic for the communications he made while under the influence of alcohol , which he acknowledges are totally inappropriate . " Those communications included scores of e-mails and instant messages that were given to investigators by former House pages . The exchanges -- in which Foley used the screen name MAF 54 -- were published in a House ethics committee report in December 2006 . Roth told reporters Friday that Foley has no intention of re-entering politics and is focusing on his recovery . The Florida Department of Law Enforcement put the price tag for the nearly two-year investigation at about $ 37,800 . Foley entered a treatment facility for alcoholism shortly after resigning , saying he is gay and was molested by a priest when he was between the ages of 13 and 15 . A Catholic priest living in Italy admitted in a TV interview that he molested Foley when he was a teenager . "  Once maybe , I touched him or so , but I did n't -- it was n't -- because it 's not something you call , I mean rape or penetration or anything like that , you know . We were just fondling , " said the priest , Anthony Mercieca . The ethics committee 's probe concluded that House GOP leaders were negligent in not protecting male teenage pages from possible improper advances by Foley . But the panel said there were no violations of the House Code of Official Conduct and decided no one would be reprimanded . A Justice Department report issued a month later said the FBI should have notified the House or other officials when members first learned of the inappropriate e-mails . The FBI acted within its "  range of discretion " when it initially decided not to open a criminal investigation in the case , the Justice Department said . But the internal watchdog 's investigation concluded that simply filing away the complaint from a public interest group was an inadequate response . The FDLE 's investigative summary notes that the U.S. House 's clerk of courts took possession of two computer hard drives from Foley 's two district offices in Florida and the computer from his Washington office , along with backup material . The department said it did not seek a search warrant for the drives because it failed to turn up probable cause of a crime with a Florida connection . The department report said that Foley 's attorneys voluntarily worked with the Justice Department to review computer data , but the FDLE failed to work out a similar review with Foley 's attorneys . The department said it was given no indication from the FBI or the Justice Department that there was any non-congressional data in the material that would violate Florida law . CNN 's Kevin Bohn and Terry Frieden contributed to this report .	Former lawmaker accused of sending suggestive messages to House pages Florida agency wo n't file charges against ex-Rep . Mark Foley , official says Foley , Congress blocked access to "  critical data , " agency says Foley did not engage in sexual activity with minors , his attorney says
CNN  -- Boston University mourned three study-abroad students killed in New Zealand while visiting locations where "  The Lord of the Rings " movies were filmed . A van in which the students were traveling swerved off a road and rolled over about 7:30 a.m. Saturday near the resort town of Taupo in the center of North Island , the school said . The university , quoting a U.S. vice consul in Auckland , identified the victims as Daniela Lekhno from Manalapan , New Jersey ; Roch Jauberty , who lived in Paris ; and Austin Brashears of Huntington Beach , California . Five other students were injured in the crash , including one in critical condition after being flown by helicopter to get medical treatment . Two of those were later released from a hospital . Twenty-six Boston University students organized the trip and were riding in three vans , the school said . They were headed for Tongariro Crossing , a World Heritage site known for its mountains and volcano . "  This is a horrible tragedy , " Boston University President Robert A. Brown said in a statement . "  Our prayers go out to the students and their families . "  We will do all we can to provide comfort and assistance to those who have been injured and to the families and friends of the victims . The university is mobilizing all of our resources to help our students and families deal with this tragedy . " The U.S. Consulate in Auckland did not immediately respond to a message left early Sunday . Consular officers were in touch with families of the victims and assisting , the U.S. Embassy said . A candelight vigil was scheduled for Saturday evening on the Boston University campus .	A van crashes on North Island in New Zealand Students were on a weekend trip to see where "  The Lord of the Rings " movies were filmed Three were killed and five injured in the crash , the university says
CNN  -- California , in an honest attempt to clarify communication about sexual consent in colleges and universities , has created just another way we can misunderstand each other . Let me be clear : I support efforts to make rape or date rape or sexual opportunism when someone is drunk less likely . Who would n't ? The law requires state colleges and universities to require "  affirmative consent " from everyone engaged in sexual activity . Consent "  must be ongoing throughout . " The law specifies that silence and lack of protest makes consent impossible , and drunkenness is not an excuse . But this step-by-step consent plan is just not the way hot and heavy sex generally proceeds on college campuses . And it falls apart when you consider that a lot of sex on campus happens when people are drunk . That 's the real problem . Except for truly malignant or misguided offenders -- "  she asked for it " kind of guys -- most sexual calamities happen when students are drinking . In a study by American Sociological Association President Paula England , students reported a mean of six drinks for men and four drinks for women on their last " ` hook up . " That 's just the tip of the iceberg , and that 's what we should be addressing : the over-drinking and under socialization about what makes sex worthwhile and why unconscious sex is not in anyone 's best interests . But instead of dealing with the real problem , legislators are going to have a standard of conduct that most dating couples or people who meet at a party will not follow . This wo n't be a problem -- until someone believes he or she did not give a specific permission . If it sounds like an easy thing to do , remember how you were in your late teens and 20s and you might recall that being articulate during sex is not so easy . Legislating sex on campus Will people really ask permission as they make the transition from oral sex to intercourse if their partner seems to be enthusiastically joining in ? Unlikely . And if both partners are drunk , is one more culpable than the other ? I applaud the idea that both partners should be conscious , but do you think young men who throw a fraternity party think nobody will drink too much ? And do the young women who go to these parties expect to stay sober ? If we want to make rules about something , we should try to make rules about these parties . That might work . And we should try to educate young people about how easy it is to ruin their lives when they are drunk . But who are we going to punish if it 's a one-on-one encounter , both parties are drunk -- or not -- and each has different ideas of what was said ? As the professor of many university students and the mother of a girl and a boy who thankfully made it out of their 20s with no sexual and emotional scars , I worried about both my students and my kids in these years : I feared my daughter might get in a tough situation with a sexually aggressive date or that my son might be wrongfully accused by someone he did n't want to date any longer , or by a partner who changed her mind about what happened after a big night of partying . My fears were not baseless : I heard many examples of these kinds of situations . Still , in our effort to protect the sexual victimization of women , we create a standard that is probably impossible to produce all the time . I am not convinced that young women can not be given the tools to say no , and men can not learn how to accept that answer . I think most young men want to be wanted and proceed when they think they are . Yes , there are rapists who think they are wanted and that it 's just incidental that they have a knife in their hand when she consents . But these are the criminal and pathological minds that not only wo n't follow this regime , they wo n't even think it applies to them . Other measures of avoidance and protection are necessary to save women from sociopaths . It 's laughable to think this kind of predator would even notice , much less follow , these rules . So who are they for ? The guys who might misunderstand what a woman wants and find themselves mystified when charges are brought against them ? Will these rules protect them ? Probably not , because I think those guys will believe that their partner 's behavior says it all . What would you do if you kissed someone passionately and he or she responded in kind ? Would you ask permission before you began to use your tongue ? I 'm not saying no one can do this . I think many smart and caring men and women do ask permission along the way and are careful and sensitive observers of what their partner wants and says . I 'm all for encouraging that kind of protection of oneself and one 's partner . But I think most of this would be clear and careful if it were n't happening in an alcoholic fog , and that 's where I 'd put my money and educational efforts .	California requires colleges to require participants ' "  affirmative consent " during sex Pepper Schwartz : Consent must continue , step by step , but that 's not how sex happens Schwartz : Being drunk or high is the real cause of sexual calamities in college She says if you want to stop misunderstandings and assault , you must address overdrinking
CNN  -- This week , veteran Cleveland marketer Kelly Blazek learned the hard way that you should watch your words -- especially when you put them in writing -- after a nasty digital lecture she delivered to a young job seeker went viral . In her sarcasm-laden message to recent graduate Diana Mekota , who 'd asked to connect with Blazek via LinkedIn , Blazek wrote : "  Your invitation to connect is inappropriate , beneficial only to you , and tacky . Wow , I can not wait to let every 26-year-old jobseeker mine my top-tier marketing connections to help them land a job . ... You 're welcome for your humility lesson for the year . " It was hardly a lesson learned . Mekota countered by posting Blazek 's response online asking people on Facebook , Reddit , and Imgur to "  please call this lady out . " She then forwarded Blazek 's message to a local radio station and appeared on air to discuss . Blazek 's words were , of course , undeniably , and likely unnecessarily , harsh , especially considering Blazek has made her name as an advocate for Cleveland jobseekers , creating and updating a popular local jobs bank with some 7,300 subscribers . Last year , in fact , she was named the city 's "  Communicator of the Year . " It 's a time when many women struggle to find mentors . In a 2011 survey of more than 1,000 working women , one out of five said they 've never had a mentor at work . And the "  queen bee syndrome " is alive and well . Blazek might have aimed to correct what she considered Mekota 's breach of protocol with kindness rather than condescension and cruelty . Instead , she seemed to take glee in putting Mekota in her place . "  I love the sense of entitlement in your generation , " she wrote . "  And I therefore enjoy denying your invite . " She ended the note with "  Do n't ever write me again . " Certainly , it 's hard not to wonder why Blazek -- a professional in a field where image matters , a lot , and an avid social marketer besides -- did n't anticipate the possibility that Mekota might share the note with others , although it turns out this was not the first time Blazek had delivered such an admonishment . But she 's hardly the only one at fault here . By herself choosing not to ignore Blazek 's words , and instead shame her for them in a most public manner , Mekota acted with malice , and caused the older woman significant damage . Blazek has since been the subject of national outrage ; many have suggested that her career is dead . In the wake of the exchange , she issued a public apology and has deleted most of the contents of her blog and shut down her social media accounts , including the Job Bank twitter that served to help thousands of people find work . No question , Blazek lashed out first , with unprofessional behavior that can only be described as bullying . An undoubtedly kinder , and wiser , alternative , of course , might have been to simply ignore Mekota 's request . But Mekota responding in kind makes her no less a bully . Perhaps it 's not surprising : Bullying is wont to breed more bullying . And social media provides the opportunity to make anything public with ease and efficacy -- a ready and willing vehicle for public shaming . But just because you can does n't mean you should . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Peggy Drexler .	Job seeker posts sarcastic , mean reply from marketer and it goes viral Peggy Drexler : Marketer was wrong but young jobseeker was wrong to post it Drexler : Young women need mentors , and marketer failed to help her Drexler : Posting on social media to humiliate someone is a form of bullying
