Washington  CNN  -- The grounding of Boeing Dreamliners entered its second week with the company and investigators working non-stop in the United States and Japan to try to pinpoint fire risk in the 787 electrical system . U.S. aviation authorities are evaluating data but still do not have a handle yet on the cause of a battery fire on one Dreamliner and the reason behind a related incident on another plane that prompted regulators worldwide to idle the $ 200 million wide body until further notice . With battery and related components under microscopic examination and a new round of testing at manufacturing facilities underway this week , U.S. government officials at the center of the issue expressed eagerness to get to the bottom of the matter . But they also said it was crucial to let experts do a thorough job and the plane be re-certified as safe before lifting the order barring further flight . "  We do n't know what is causing these incidents yet , " Federal Aviation Administration chief Michael Huerta told reporters at an industry event in Washington on Wednesday . "  We need to let them finish their work , " Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said at the same event . "  These are expert people . They 'll get to the bottom of it and then we 'll let all of you know what they find out , " LaHood said . Experts : Quick fix for Dreamliner looks less likely Boeing said in a statement that its technical experts are working "  around the clock " and are focused on "  resolving the issue " and returning the 787 to service . "  We are working this issue tirelessly in cooperation with our customers and the appropriate regulatory and investigative authorities . The company is eager to see both investigative groups continue their efforts and determine the cause of these events , and support their thorough resolution , " said company spokesman Marc Birtel . A battery-related fire in the underbelly of an empty Japan Airlines 787 on the tarmac in Boston on January 7 triggered an FAA review of the aircraft . But regulators said the plane was still safe to fly . The FAA then grounded the fleet on January 16 after an emergency landing by an All Nippon Airways flight in Japan that was prompted by a battery alarm and a report of a burning smell . Analysis of a flight recorder from that plane showed that a lithium-ion battery experienced a sudden drop in voltage and was not overcharged , the Japan Transport Safety Board said Wednesday . Opinion : How Boeing can bounce back from Dreamliner problems The agency is still investigating the cause of the battery 's sharp fall in voltage , Norihito Goto , its chairman , said at a news conference . GS Yuasa , the battery 's maker , is now disassembling the device to examine it in detail . The Japanese findings come after the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board said over the weekend that the battery in the Boston fire had not been overcharged , eliminating a relatively simple potential cause but adding new complexity to the investigation . Additional details released by the safety board said all eight cells of the lithium-ion battery involved in the Boston 787 fire showed varying degrees of thermal damage . Investigators scanned and dismantled six of them to expose electrodes for microscopic examination . Those batteries are used to power electrical systems , especially when the plane 's engines are idle . Dreamliner woes explained The U.S. safety board also oversaw a series of new tests on battery systems and related components with manufacturers on Tuesday in Arizona . In Washington on Wednesday , U.S. officials were asked about the timing of the very unusual order to ground a fleet of planes . "  On the day we said the planes were safe , they were . On the day we announced that there was another incident and we were grounding the plane , we felt this was the time to ground the planes , " LaHood said . Huerta explained that the second incident occurred during a flight . "  And that for us was an important consideration where we needed to identify what was causing these power - and battery-related incidents , " he said . The FAA order applied directly to the six Dreamliners operated by United Airlines , the only ones flown by U.S. carriers . But its directive was picked up aviation authorities globally and requires that the planes be deemed safe before they fly again . Although there are only 50 wide body Dreamliners in service , there are several hundred on order . The world 's largest aircraft manufacturer has made a big bet on the most technologically advanced airliner . The 787 is highly touted because of its mostly lightweight carbon fiber construction , which airlines expect will help them save billions in fuel costs on long-haul routes . Its cockpit design and cabin appointments are state of the art . The high level of attention and widespread concern about its problems and image now are partly due to the Dreamliner 's difficult development . The 787 program at Boeing was plagued by cost overruns and production delays . The first one flew commercially last year Why Dreamliner batteries worry experts CNN 's Junko Ogura in Tokyo contributed to this report .	NEW : Japanese authorities say battery experienced a sudden drop in voltage U.S. aviation officials evaluating data as part of investigation of 787 problems Dreamliners were grounded last week after fire in Boston , another incident in Japan Fifty Dreamliners in service globally , but Boeing has orders for several hundred
Mount Kisco , New York  CNN  -- Three nurses saw it this way -- it was a gut reaction that led to a kick in the guts . The suburban New York maternity ward nurses testified Tuesday they were simply trying to protect Douglas Kennedy 's infant , whose head was bobbing as his father tried to take him outside the hospital , allegedly without permission . That 's when Kennedy kicked one of them and twisted the arm of another , they testified . It was the second day of Kennedy 's criminal trial on misdemeanor charges of harassment and child endangerment resulting from what happened in January at Northern Westchester Hospital in Mount Kisco , about 40 miles north of New York City . One of the nurses , Cari Luciano , said that as Kennedy tried to get past the nurses and into the stairwell , his infant 's head was being jostled , unsupported , in his arms . She testified that she instinctively reached out to steady it when Kennedy kicked her squarely in the pelvis . Kennedy lawyer says nurses should be disciplined Nurse Marian Williams said she saw Kennedy kick Luciano with "  such force " that it knocked her off her feet . The third nurse , Anna Lane , testified Kennedy twisted her arm off the stairwell door as he tried to leave . "  The baby was bouncing around in Mr. Kennedy 's arms , " she testified , explaining why the three nurses tried to intervene . Prosecutors say the nurses were simply following hospital protocol set up in newborns ' interests when they tried to keep infant Bo from being taken out of the hospital . Not only did Kennedy not back down , prosecutors say , but he fought back . Kennedy removed the baby 's electronic security bracelet and laid it on the counter before he headed for the elevators , prosecutors say . The nurses were trying to enforce hospital rules when they stopped him from using the elevators , and that 's when he headed for the stairs , they say . Once he kicked the nurse , Kennedy only got as far as the next landing when hospital security stopped him , Lane testified Monday . Defense lawyer Celia Gordon suggested Monday that Kennedy was calm during the situation , and that things only deteriorated because of Lane . It was Kennedy 's instinct , not Lane 's , to protect his baby from being ripped from his arms , she said in her opening statement . Kennedy 's attorney has previously said the nurses initially agreed to let Kennedy take the baby outside . But their attorney , Elliot Taub , has said neither Lane nor Luciano recognized Kennedy as the child 's father . Williams , who witnessed the alleged assault , said she could n't understand why Kennedy would want to take his newborn outside for "  fresh air " at 7 or 7:30 in the evening . "  I did n't understand why he tried to do it , " she testified . There is a host of procedures before a baby can be discharged , Lane said . A supervisor needs to approve it , forms need to be signed and family members , including the infant 's mother , need to agree . None of the procedures was followed , she said . Lane testified she asked Kennedy to identify his baby , Bo , by his hospital bracelet , and to go back to his mother so she could match the names . She said she asked him to put Bo in a bassinet and go back to the room . He refused both times , she said . Infant alarm systems are standard in many hospitals as a way to protect the babies ' safety . Newborns wear electronic bracelets that cause alarms to sound and doors to be locked if the baby is taken out of the ward , and newborns are often released only to the mother , whose bracelet must match the baby 's . The defense noted Lane and Luciano hired a personal injury lawyer before any charges were brought , suggesting it was intended to put pressure on the police and district attorney to charge Kennedy . That would be leverage for a future civil suit , according to the defense . The defense also questioned why , if recounting her story was so emotionally difficult , Luciano laid it out on NBC 's "  Today Show " soon afterward . "  I felt that my reputation was being defamed , like I had done something wrong or horrible , " Luciano explained Tuesday . She said she wanted "  more clarification to know I did the right thing . I did my job . I did what was best for the baby . " Douglas Kennedy is the youngest son of the late Robert F. Kennedy , who was the younger brother of slain President John F. Kennedy and had served as U.S. attorney general and U.S. senator . He was assassinated in 1968 while campaigning for the Democratic presidential nomination . The trial is set to continue Wednesday . Day one of trial : Abusive or protective ?	Douglas Kennedy is on trial for allegedly assaulting nurses It happened when he took his newborn from the maternity ward One nurse says he kicked her and another says he twisted her arm The defense says Kennedy was just trying to protect his son
New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoed a bill Friday that would have banned crates that severely limit the mobility of pregnant pigs , a move that will win favor with Iowa farmers and spark more speculation about Christie 's presidential aspirations but cause outrage among animal rights activists who pushed for the ban . Critics consider the small metal crates a form of animal cruelty -- the pigs are n't able to turn around in the limited space -- but advocates say they prevent sows from accidentally lying down or stepping on piglets . Despite its strong bipartisan support in the state legislature , the Republican governor vetoed a version of the bill in 2013 . When a nearly identical version passed again in the Democratic-led legislature , Christie faced mounting pressure this fall from activists and celebrities , including Bill Maher , Danny DeVito , Martha Stewart and Edie Falco . Jon Stewart gave the issue wider attention when he featured it in a segment on Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show " this month . And Matthew Scully , a former speechwriter and adviser to President George W. Bush , wrote a lengthy essay for National Review Online , spelling out a case for banning the crates . In a statement , Christie said the bill is a "  solution in search of a problem " and a "  political movement masquerading as substantive policy . " Arguing that it 's not a practice in New Jersey , Christie said it should be left to the state 's Board of Agriculture , which currently does n't outlaw the crates . Read the full veto statement  PDF The move , announced by his office the day after Thanksgiving , places 2016 squarely in the spotlight . With more than 20 million pigs , Iowa is the nation 's largest pork producer , and the state 's governor , Terry Branstad , told The Associated Press that he urged Christie to veto the bill when a similar version came to the New Jersey governor 's desk last year . Branstad also said he and Christie talked about the latest measure during an Iowa event last month . With Iowa holding the nation 's first presidential nomination caucuses , Christie 's veto will almost surely spark further speculation that he is intent on moving forward with a presidential campaign . According to the Humane Society of the United States , nine other states are moving away from the practice , while companies like McDonald 's , Wendy 's , Safeway and Burger King are discontinuing the crates from their supply chains . "  This veto shows cynical political calculation from the governor and an obvious capitulation to special interests , rather than leadership or humanity , " said Wayne Pacelle , president of the Humane Society . New Jersey state Sen. Ray Lesniak , who authored the legislation , said Christie is "  putting his personal political ambitions ahead of the humane treatment of animals . " "  It has the support of the people of New Jersey as well as Republican and Democratic lawmakers in the Legislature , but the governor chose to follow the dictates of special interests in Iowa , " he said in a statement .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie vetoes a ban against pig gestation crates Pigs ca n't turn around in the limited space ; critics consider them cruel The measure was passed with bipartisan support Christie faced pressure by Iowa Gov. Terry Branstad and Iowa farmers to veto the bill
CNN  -- Authorities launched a massive sweep of the Alemao favela complex in northern Rio de Janeiro , Brazil , Sunday morning . Military police told reporters they were entering the virtually impenetrable labyrinth of slums , searching for drug gang leaders and illegal drugs . CNN affiliate TV Record showed images of armored vehicles entering the slum Sunday morning , followed closely by police trucks and helicopters equipped with military rifles . Police told TV Record that they had arrested at least nine people , confiscated heavy weapons and seized four tons of marijuana . On Saturday , police spokesman Mario Sergio Duarte declared an ultimatum against drug gangs in the complex , stating that a military attack was imminent . "  We will not retreat in our decision to bring peace to Rio , " Duarte said . "  We are in our final stages of reaching the traffickers in the Alemao complex . " Police had offered drug gang leaders the chance to surrender , but they refused , Brazilian military police Col. Lima Castro said in an interview with CNN affiliate Band News Sunday . Castro said police were asking any residents who live in the slum to stay home and take cover to avoid being hit by any stray bullets during the takeover . A police officer was hit in the arm by a bullet as authorities entered , police told TV Record . The Red Cross sent 50 volunteers to help with the injured and there are four vehicles throughout the complex capable of helping with basic nursing and first-aid needs , the agency told Band News . Police said that some criminals were threatening taxi drivers to get them out of the slums , and some neighboring favelas said that the drug traffickers simply migrated to their neighborhoods , both television stations reported . There were also reports of suspects trying to escape through sewer lines running underneath the slum . Some 2,600 police and soldiers occupied the favela Sunday , and Castro said that there is no target time to leave . Army Gen. Adriano Pereira Jr. said they will hold their positions as needed . "  We are serving a request by the department of defense with authorization by President Lula . We will stay for as long as its necessary , " he said . At least 35 people have died , 174 arrested and 123 detained since violence broke out last Sunday as a response by drug gangs to an increased police presence in the crime-ridden slums , known as favelas , police said , according to the official Agencia Brasil . More than 96 vehicles have been burned . Brazil 's Defense Minister Nelson Jobim has said that in addition to the 800 federal troops , other reinforcements in support of local police were being directed to Rio amid fears that the crisis could spill over to neighboring states .	NEW : 2,600 police and soldiers occupy Alemao favela complex , police say Police say they are searching for gang leaders and illegal drugs "  We will not retreat in our decision to bring peace to Rio , " a police spokesman says The complex is located in the northern part of the city
Istanbul , Turkey  CNN  -- A bomb appearing to target police officers exploded Thursday in an Istanbul neighborhood near the ruling Justice and Development Party headquarters in the city , authorities said . The blast left 15 officers and one civilian injured , Istanbul 's police chief , Huseyin Capkin , said . It occurred in the Sutluce neighborhood in Beyoglu district . "  It seems the explosion was done by remote control , as a police van with 21 policemen in it was passing by , " Capkin told reporters on the scene . "  Their conditions are all good , " Capkin said . "  There is no one in a life-threatening condition . " Istanbul Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu said the bomb was mounted on a motorcycle that was left by the side of the road . He said plastic explosive was used . "  We do not have clear information about the perpetrators , " he said , promising an investigation and vowing that such attacks could not harm Istanbul 's security . The headquarters of Independent Industrialists ' and Businessmen 's Association , MUSIAD , is near the scene of the blast . A spokesman for the association , Sadi Dinleyici , told CNN Turk television that the explosion shook their building and they were initially afraid it was hit by a bomb . Turkey has experienced bomb attacks in the past conducted by various groups , including Kurdish separatist organizations , extreme leftists and al Qaeda-related radical Islamists .	NEW : 16 injured people are in "  good " condition , police say A plastic explosive mounted on a motorcycle explodes as a police van passes , officials say Gov. Huseyin Avni Mutlu says authorities do n't know who is responsible
CNN  -- The Philippine House of Representatives and Senate were meeting Monday to debate the imposition of martial law in the country 's south by President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo in the aftermath of last month 's massacre of 57 civilians . As required by law , the president issued a report Sunday explaining her reasons for making the proclamation for the province of Maguindanao . "  Lawless elements have taken up arms and committed public uprising against the duly constituted government and against the people of Maguindanao , " Arroyo said in a 20-page letter to the leaders of the House and Senate . Martial law went into effect Friday night , allowing arrests without a warrant . Army spokesman Lt. Col. Romeo Brawner Jr. said it was necessary to impose peace following what has been called a politically motivated massacre . He added that Congress would have to approve any extension beyond 60 days . The House and Senate might jointly convene on Tuesday to discuss the president 's report , House Speaker Prospero Nograles said Sunday , according to the Philippine News Agency . The debate began as elite forces of the Philippine National Police clashed in the town of Datu Unsay with suspected followers of the politically powerful Ampatuan family , which has been implicated in the massacre , the Philippine News Agency reported Monday . Reports said the armed men offered stiff resistance on Sunday against government security forces in a 10-minute firefight , withdrawing after government reinforcements arrived . No casualties were reported on either side . Charges of rebellion will be leveled against many of those arrested since martial law was implemented , Philippine Justice Secretary Agnes Devanadera said Saturday , CNN affiliate ABS-CBN reported . At least six members of the Ampatuan family have been arrested , including Datu Unsay Mayor Andal Ampatuan Jr. , according to ABS-CBN . Ampatuan , whose father is governor of Maguindanao , has been accused of directing the killings and has been charged with 25 counts of murder . One of the massacre victims implicated members of the Ampatuan family before she died , the affiliate reported . Over the weekend , authorities raided at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to the family . They confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindinao command , told CNN . The military was looking at arresting at least 100 people tied to the massacre , ABS-CBN reported . The Philippine military is investigating its own forces in connection with the case as well , Brawner said . Asked why martial law was imposed 12 days after the killings , Cabangbang said authorities "  were trying to build a case , a tight case " against suspects . "  But it is taking long to build a case , so I think the government gave us a free hand in arresting those who are suspects , and allowed us to search , even without warrant . So we really need this declaration of state of martial law . " Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the country . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	Arroyo outlines reasons for martial law declaration in 20-page letter Report : House , Senate might jointly convene Tuesday , House Speaker says At least six members of Ampatuan family arrested , ABS-CBN reports Authorities raid at least one warehouse and ranch belonging to family
Wired  -- Google is barring anyone deemed worthy of a pair of its $ 1,500 Google Glass computer eyewear from selling or even loaning out the highly coveted gadget . The company 's terms of service on the limited-edition wearable computer specifically states , "  you may not resell , loan , transfer , or give your device to any other person . If you resell , loan , transfer , or give your device to any other person without Google 's authorization , Google reserves the right to deactivate the device , and neither you nor the unauthorized person using the device will be entitled to any refund , product support , or product warranty . " Welcome to the New World , one in which companies are retaining control of their products even after consumers purchase them . It was bound to happen . Strange as it may sound , you do n't actually own much of the software you buy today . You essentially rent it under strict end-user agreements that have withstood judicial scrutiny . Google appears to be among the first to apply such draconian rules to consumer electronics . "  If it takes off like iPhones did , this is going to be part of people 's everyday activity , and now we are starting down this path that is going to be completely controlled , " said Corynne McSherry , the Electronic Frontier Foundation 's intellectual property coordinator . "  It 's not clear to me what they are doing is unlawful . It 's a contract issue . " The company knows if the eyewear was transferred because each device is registered under the buyer 's Google account . For the moment , not just anybody can buy the eyewear . Google has created the Silicon Valley equivalent of a velvet rope under its so-called Google Glass Explorers program . If Google liked what you posted on social media under the hashtag #ifihadglassand , Google grants you the opportunity to fork out $ 1,500 for the Explorer edition of the headset . Google declined comment . Google also is n't saying when it would lift its velvet rope and whether the same Draconian terms of service would apply when it does lift the velvet rope . Google 's tight rein over the gadget came to light today when one of the first would-be owners of the device abruptly halted an eBay auction because he feared reprisals from Google . "  After getting a message on Twitter from Google saying I had been selected as part of the program a couple weeks ago , it just came to mind if they are giving out to a limited number of people , I could put it out there on eBay and sell it for a lot more than $ 1,500 , " said Ed , a Philadelphia man who halted his auction Wednesday .  Wired agreed not to publish his last name as a condition of him telling his story . Because the only correspondence Ed has had with Google is the initial tweet about his acceptance into the program , he had no idea he was n't allowed to sell his Google Glass , which he had been authorized to purchase for $ 1,500 in the coming weeks . Instead , he found out via the Glass Explorers Google + group . He also discovered that some were upset that he had the audacity to sell his Google Glass headset . "  People were acting like I had did something sacrilegious , " he said . Once Ed learned of the terms of service , he ended the auction â $ " which began at $ 5,000 and ballooned to more than $ 90,000 . No one from Google or eBay had contacted him about the auction , he said . He still wants his Google Glass Explorer headset and hopes that Google does n't hold it against him for trying to sell the device . "  I 'm willing to fork up the $ 1,500 for it , " he said . The tech world , including Google , won an approval-of-sorts to control its stream of commerce in 2010 , when the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals said licensing language controls resales . The case concerned a dispute about whether a California man could resell Autodesk software on eBay . Autodesk prevailed in a lawsuit , and the San Francisco-based appeals court pointed out that the shrink-wrap agreement between its customers forbade the resale of it . The Software & Information Industry Association , whose members include Google , Adobe , McAfee , Oracle and dozens of others , urged the court to rule as it did . The Motion Picture Association of America also sided with Autodesk . Federal regulators cited that decision last year  . pdf  when it blocked mobile-phone owners from lawfully unlocking their phones to run on a compatible carrier of choice , saying the ruling was "  controlling precedent . " That 's because people do n't own the software on their phones that controls access to carrier networks , regulators said . For Ed , it 's all a lost opportunity to cash in on being one of the first selected to buy Google Glass . It would have been "  exciting , " he said , "  to get $ 100,000 for something that only costs $ 1,500 . " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Google is barring users of its $ 1,500 Glass connected eyewear from reselling or loaning them out A limited number of developers received beta versions of the Glass headsets this week One developer put his Glass headset for sale on eBay , where bidding reached $ 90,000 Google says it reserves the right to deactivate the connected device
CNN  -- Standing outside a courthouse Sunday that the Libyan opposition is using for a base of operations in the town of Misrata , a witness described a sense of jubilation against a backdrop of blood stains and rocket fragments . "  I 'm standing in the middle of a ... battlefield , " the witness told CNN by phone from Misrata after a fierce fight between rebels and Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces . People were holding their hands up , singing , chanting and cheering , he said . "  Everyone is hugging everyone . " CNN is not identifying witnesses and sources for safety reasons . Videos posted on YouTube and thought to be out of Misrata showed damage to buildings and several shots of people celebrating around the opposition flag -- once being raised on a pole , and another time being waved by a man atop a charred vehicle that had a dead body inside . A doctor at Central Misrata Hospital said 42 people were killed in the fighting -- 17 from the opposition and 25 from the pro-Gadhafi forces . Among the dead was a 3-year-old child , killed from direct fire , the doctor said . At least 85 people were wounded , the doctor said . The fighting continued on the city 's outskirts Sunday evening . The witness described the opposition 's victory in central Misrata even as people some 200 kilometers  125 miles  west , at a pro-Gadhafi demonstration in Tripoli , insisted the government had taken back the coastal central Libyan city . After reports of the opposition successfully holding onto Misrata , east of Tripoli , Libyan state TV showed a graphic stating that "  strict orders have been issued to the armed forces not to enter cities taken by terrorist gangs . " On Sunday morning , pro-Gadhafi militias converged on Misrata from three different points , trying to retake control of the city , the witness said . He saw four tanks , though other witnesses told him there were a total of six . Using heavy artillery , the ground forces and tanks headed for the courthouse operations base . Tanks fired rockets at the building , and black smoke could be seen rising from it , he said . The opposition could n't match the government 's weaponry , but rebels took to the streets using what weapons they had , such as machine guns . And some simply picked up whatever they could find , with some resorting to sticks , he said . Speaking to CNN during the battle , he said , "  People are willing to die for the cause , " describing them as "  fearless " and "  amazing . " Later , after the forces had been repelled from the city center , the witness said , "  I ca n't believe it . "  The will and the determination and dedication that people are showing here on the ground , it just makes you speechless , " he said . Describing the scene , he said , "  We 're talking about a rocket on the ground . We 're talking about blood everywhere . " CNN could not confirm witness reports for many areas in Libya , including Misrata . Valerie Amos , the United Nations ' Under Secretary-General for Humanitarian Affairs , said Sunday that there was "  urgent " need for humanitarian aid in Misrata because "  people are dying and need help immediately . " The world body has gotten reports that Libyan Red Crescent ambulances dispatched from Tripoli have been trying to get into Misrata to transport out dead and injured people . "  I call on the authorities to provide access without delay to allow aid workers to help save lives , " Amos said in a statement .	NEW : Videos online show damage to buildings and waving of the opposition 's flag A doctor at a hospital in the city says 42 people were killed , 85 wounded Witness in Misrata : "  Everyone is hugging everyone " despite "  blood everywhere " Pro-Gadhafi demonstrators in Tripoli claimed the government had taken the city
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe has warned that veterans he commanded in his country 's liberation war will take up arms again to prevent the opposition party from taking power . Zimbabwe 's President Robert Mugabe says war veterans do not want the opposition in power . Mugabe -- Zimbabwe 's only leader since that struggle ended in 1980 -- faces a June 27 runoff with Morgan Tsvangirai of the opposition Movement for Democratic Change  MDC  . Mugabe told supporters that Tsvangirai would turn the country back over to white control if he won the runoff . The veterans he led in a successful effort against a government dominated by the white minority were not prepared to recognize a Tsvangirai victory , Mugabe said . "  They said they got this country through the barrel of gun , so they can not let it go by a ballot , " Mugabe said Thursday at a campaign rally in Murehwa . Tsvangirai was arrested twice Thursday . He was released Friday , but police impounded his two campaign buses . In the general election on March 29 , the opposition won a plurality in parliament . Weeks after the election , the Zimbabwe Electoral Commission announced that Tsvangirai won a plurality against Mugabe but that he failed to get the needed majority , making a runoff necessary . Human Rights Watch issued a report this week declaring the presidential election to be dead on arrival because of violence and intimidation by Mugabe 's followers -- including war veterans - against opposition supporters . Mugabe , at a rally in Chikomba District -- about 120 miles  200 km  south of Harare -- seemed to support that conclusion . Learn more about Zimbabwe " "  These areas , where the party lost on March 29 , need to be cleansed and I am confident this would be done on June 27 when we go to the polls . " Mugabe said the MDC was a party "  for whites and not blacks . " He also said the party was created and funded by the British . "  You saw the whites after the March elections running around thinking that they would repossess the farms , " Mugabe said . "  They thought they had won . " He said the opposition would not be allowed to "  give it back to whites . " "  Guard your country jealously , " Mugabe told supporters . Meanwhile , Zimbabwean authorities put more pressure on opposition figures Thursday , seizing a top leader and accusing him of treason . Police and the MDC confirmed Tendai Biti 's arrest and the charges he will face . Biti , secretary general of the MDC , was arrested when he arrived in Harare , Zimbabwe , from South Africa . Zimbabwe 's national police spokesperson Wayne Bvudzijena told CNN that Biti would be charged with treason and the communication of false information . The treason charge relates to a document published by the MDC before the March 29 vote which , the state alleges , contains subversive statements authored by Biti .	President Robert Mugabe says war veterans will fight to prevent change Opposition party 's No. 2 facing treason charge after return to country MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai was detained twice Thursday
CNN  -- An airstrike targeted a key Palestinian militant involved in numerous rocket attacks on Israel , the latter 's military said Sunday . Abdallah Kharti is a key operative for the Popular Resistance Committees , according to the Israel defense forces . The group opposes peace talks with Israel . The Israeli air force conducted the airstrike on Gaza on Sunday , the military said . Conflicting reports emerged on Kharti 's condition . The Israeli military said Kharti was killed , but the Popular Resistance Committees group said one of its members survived an attack in Gaza . It did not identify that person . Thirty-three rockets have been launched from Gaza into Israel this year , according to the Israeli military . CNN 's Talal Abu-Rahma contributed to this report .	The Israeli military conducted the airstrike on Gaza on Sunday 33 rockets have been launched from Gaza into Israel so far this year , it says
CNN  -- In the horse race coverage of political campaigns , we sometimes forget that elections are just exciting preambles to the main event -- governing . Now 's the time when the parties return to Washington and try to implement the people 's wishes as expressed in the election . And unlike 2008 and 2010 , neither party is likely to misinterpret the results as an ideological mandate . This is a good thing . But it 's also a mistake to read the election results as simply an endorsement of the status quo . Despite the fact that Americans returned President Barack Obama to office while keeping Democrats in control of the Senate and Republicans in charge of the House , this was no seal of approval on the political division we 've seen in Washington for four years . Instead , it was a decided endorsement for balanced bipartisan plans . Obama won the election with a 16-point margin among moderate voters . Republican Senate candidates who represented the ideological extremes of their party -- Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin , specifically -- were soundly rejected even in states that voted for Mitt Romney by double digits . Polarizing voices such as Rep. Allen West were also retired from Congress . The hate and hyper-partisanship that has disfigured our civic debates in recent years was decisively defeated in this election . An Election Night poll by the center-right Main Street Advocacy Fund found that 62 % of voters said that Washington needs leaders with "  willingness to compromise to get things done . " This specifically extends to the looming "  fiscal cliff " and "  grand bargain " negotiations to deal with the deficit and debt . Sixty-nine percent of Republicans and 68 % of Democrats chose balancing the budget over preventing tax increases as the bigger priority for the next Congress . The broad outlines of a balanced bipartisan plan are well-known -- cut spending , change entitlements and raise revenue . That 's the ground defined by the Bowles-Simpson commission , the Gang of Six and the Obama-Boehner grand bargain . In all cases , the problem came to selling such a plan to right-wing Republicans , who refused to consider any revenue increases , as well as left-wing Democrats who do n't want to see long-term changes to entitlements . That 's why congressional members of the Bowles-Simpson commission such as Paul Ryan on the right and Jan Schakowsky on the left refused to support its recommendations , even while conservative and liberal senators such as Republican Tom Coburn and Democrat Dick Durbin did . But according to the Main Street survey , 54 % of Republicans , 50 % of Democrats and 49 % of swing voters support the Bowles-Simpson plan -- while just 10 % of Republicans and 12 % of Democrats oppose it . And despite the strenuous opposition by adherents to Grover Norquist 's no-tax pledge , 35 % of Republicans say they would be more likely to vote for a member of Congress who broke the anti-tax pledge to find a long-term solution to the deficit and debt mess -- while 31 % said it would make them less likely . All this should give members of Congress the courage to reach across the aisle , both in the upcoming lame-duck session and the next . House Speaker John Boehner has indicated an openness to raising revenues from comprehensive tax reform that could actually lower rates but close loopholes . Boehner is a deal maker who might feel unshackled from the tea party wing of his party if the president leads in a bipartisan manner . He set exactly the right tone after the election by saying , "  Let 's find the common ground that has eluded us . " The opportunity and obligation of Obama 's second term will be to depolarize the nation and the Congress . That will require leading on issues such as entitlements as part of a balanced plan to deal with the deficit and the debt . It seems possible that with the right bipartisan style and substance , the president can also achieve comprehensive immigration reform and some aspects of his jobs bill , such as a public-private infrastructure bank . Republicans now realize that they can not antagonize the Hispanic community and win elections . President George W. Bush tried to pass immigration reform co-sponsored by John McCain and Ted Kennedy in the Senate but was defeated by an outcry from the right in 2007 . Obama could achieve that elusive goal by picking up that legislation again . The good news is that Sens. Chuck Schumer and Lindsey Graham have said they are resuming their bipartisan talks on the matter . Also , the president 's jobs bill , composed almost entirely of policies that had bipartisan support in the past , was dead on arrival in the last Congress for reasons little more profound than election-year hyper-partisanship . But with the economy slowly improving and the election over , there is little reason to prolong the painful charade . Ideas such as a public-private infrastructure bank could boost employment while increasing the structural strength of our nation , a clear win-win while the Northeast rebuilds from Superstorm Sandy . Best of all , it can be done with comparatively little cost to taxpayers by simply leveraging government investment with private funds , benefiting private employers rather than creating new bureaucracy . There will be stubborn hyper-partisans who refuse to work in good faith with the other party , pretending that their unwillingness to compromise is political courage . They are the problem in our politics , angry conformists who put partisanship ahead of patriotism and problem-solving . We have urgent problems to confront in our country . We have the capacity to solve them , and we know the broad path forward . What 's been missing is the political courage to stand up to the extremes in our own parties and reach across the aisle . That is specifically what voters want to see in our next Congress -- a spirit of constructive compromise and principled problem-solving that defines the common ground on any given issue and then builds on it . This is the time to redeem the promise Obama passionately articulated on Election Night : "  We are not as divided as our politics suggests . We 're not as cynical as the pundits believe . We are greater than the sum of our individual ambitions and we remain more than a collection of red states and blue states . We are , and forever will be , the United States of America . " The opinions in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Election neither an ideological mandate for either party nor support for status quo Avlon : Voters rejected hyper-partisanship and cast ballots for collaboration between parties Leaders have lacked the courage to stand up to extremes in their parties , he says Avlon : Congress ' task is to find common ground on issues such as jobs , budget , immigration
Washington  CNN  -- For at least three undecided voters , both candidates left an impression during Wednesday 's debate . Mitt Romney , they said , came to play . Barack Obama , they said , let them down . Until late on October 3 , Micheal Fazio , 41 , of Las Vegas , leaned toward the president . But Obama 's "  disinterested " performance in the debate in Denver left him concerned . Fazio said Obama was n't on point . "  As the president of the United States , I hate to say it , no rest for the weary , " said Fazio , who voted for Obama in 2008 . "  If he 's not sharp in the debate ... what 's he going to be like behind closed doors ? " Chuck Taylor , 66 , a North Carolina retiree , said Romney impressed him . "  I was impressed , as many people were with Mr. Romney 's debating skills , " Taylor said . "  I thought the president for whatever reason was not on his game . " But polls show Fazio and Taylor are n't alone in their assessment of the candidates ' performances . Unemployment rate below 8 % a boon for Obama , but Romney says not enough According to a CNN/ORC International survey taken just after the debate , 67 % of registered voters who watched the debate said that the Romney won the contest . One in four said Obama won the 90-minute event . "  No presidential candidate has topped 60 % in that question since it was first asked in 1984 , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland . With the candidates neck-and-neck in national polls ahead of the debate , any edge is valuable , especially with undecided voters who make up somewhere between 3 % and 8 % of the electorate . "  They 're important because with voters on both sides seemingly unwilling to switch teams , " David Di Martino , a Democratic strategist and partner at Blue Engine Media , said , "  these last undecided voters -- let 's call them the "  6 % " , will put either candidate over the top whenever they decide to break one way or the other . " A battleground poll of likely North Carolina voters taken ahead of the debate shows Obama leading Romney by two points with six percent undecided in the state . A similar poll in battleground state , Nevada shows Obama leading Romney by two points with three percent of likely voters undecided . Polling for undecided voters post-debate is not available . But will the candidates ' performances make a difference in the election ? Fazio says it kept his vote up for grabs . "  I 've been undecided for the longest time , " Fazio said . "  For the past month to six weeks I 've been leaning toward Obama . " Fazio said he was looking for Obama to nail down his vote during the debate . Obama , Fazio said , did n't deliver . In the final days of campaign , it 's all about the slivers of voters Another undecided voter , Jason Mencher , 26 , a Hofstra University law student , voted for Obama in 2008 . The New York resident said ahead of the debate that he was completely neutral , but the candidates ' face off pushed him toward Romney . "  I 'm not happy with what Obama did in the past four years , " Mencher said . "  I think Romney is a viable alternative , but I do n't know what he would do specifically . " But he said nothing in the debate would have changed his mind "  besides some extreme event like a major meltdown " by either candidate . In the history of televised presidential debates , only two have shifted the tide of an election -- 1960 and 2000 , according to a Gallup Politics analysis . Those elections , Gallup explains , were close -- like the election this year . Wednesday 's debate impacted voters but it is n't likely to alter the tide . The debate "  kept both of them squarely tied , so it did n't sway the campaign either way , " said Christine Riordan , dean of the Daniels College of Business at the University of Denver , site of the debate . Instead , voters say they are looking toward the next three debates -- two presidential and one vice presidential -- to make a decision and to clear up their concerns . Fazio says that he is worried Romney will revert to the policies of George W. Bush . "  It scares me to stick the Republicans back in there . " Fazio said . He also added that at this point in the election , he 's watching out for mistakes -- because consistency matters . "  I hate saying this ... but I am waiting for a gaffe from one of them to say , ` Oh my goodness , this is the straw that broke the camel 's back . ' " Taylor is looking for someone who can corral Congress . "  I think that the president , while it 's an important position , is not the problem here . It 's the Congress that 's the problem , " Taylor said . "  And you 've got to have a leader who is going to be able to abandon their extreme ideas and come together on a compromise on those positions , for instance , the national debt . " That was fast : Romney debate remarks in new Obama ad Mencher wants fewer anecdotal stories , negative political sparring , and more logic and facts . "  The person who is going to lead the free world is making low blows on stage ? " Mencher asked . "  That would lose my vote . " And what comes up in the next round of debates could be significant . "  The second and the third debate become more critical in the minds of the undecided voters , " Riordan said . Those debates could bring up some of the more "  volatile " issues that were n't talked about Wednesday night , she said . "  There were n't any social issues introduced , " which affect important voting blocs of women and Hispanics in swing states like Colorado , Riordan said . Undecided voters who tend to vote wait until the last minute to cast their ballots , said Jan Leighley , professor of government at American University . "  If you do n't have to buy a new cell phone for another month , you probably wo n't buy it today , " Leighley said . But for Fazio , because of the debate , he says he could n't vote today . "  If you had me pencil in a vote today , I could n't tell you who I was going to vote for . " Castellanos : The ultimate undecided voter is in the White House	Candidates ' debate performance shakes up undecided voters ' perceptions Voters : Obama looked "  disinterested " and "  disorganized " Voters : Romney looked more prepared Undecided : "  If you had me pencil in a vote today , I could n't tell you who I was going to vote for . "
CNN  -- Want a real home-cooked meal in a foreign country ? Got a burning desire to track icebergs in Canada ? Need to know how to build a proper sandcastle ? The best new travel sites offer these and other unique experiences . Triptuner.com TripTuner tries to find your ideal destination by matching travel to your tastes and preferences . A panel of scales lets you choose the degree of experience you want : relaxing or active , bikini or parka , adult or kid-friendly , beach or mountain , urban or remote , high-end or thrifty , and everything in between . High preference for "  active " and "  mountain " gets you to Mount Kilimanjaro , Torres del Paine in Chile or Innsbruck , Austria . Maxing out "  relaxing " and "  bikini " matches you with Mykonos , Greece , and the Seychelles . You can limit recommendations to a region closer to you , for your wallet 's sake . The site 's soundboard tuner is fun to play with , but goes no further than booking hotel rooms . Triptuner.com Mealsharing.com What better way to experience local cuisine than to eat with locals in their homes ? Meal Sharing brokers invitations to home cooked meals around the world . It 's not only easy on the wallet , it 's a great way to meet fellow travelers and locals , rather than relying on restaurants or room service for every meal . Mealsharing.com Campinmygarden.com Love the idea of camping , but ca n't give up a clean toilet ? Travelers can set up tents in the backyards of houses around the world from $ 5 per person a night . The site 's "  glamping " options include swimming pools , barbecues , Wi-Fi and babysitting services . "  Bamping "  basic camping  options provide little more than a corner of turf with bathroom facilities . Campinmygarden.com Anyfriendofours.com This home rental site takes "  exclusive " seriously . Applicants  both hosts and renters  must be second homeowners and approved by a membership board . It helps to be recommended by an existing member . Members have access to well-maintained homes in reliable locations . Owners rest easy knowing their homes wo n't be trashed by rowdies . Members can rent apartments in Florida for $ 75 a night or private villas in Mykonos for $ 1,600 a night . Anyfriendofours.com Alltherooms.com The days of having Expedia , Kayak , Hotwire and Groupon opened on multiple tabs may be over . All The Rooms is a search engine that trawls hotel sites , as well as alternative-stay sites such as Hostelworld , Airbnb and housetrip , combining research on hotels , hostels , bed and breakfasts , houses and apartments onto one page . Alltherooms.com Canaryhop.com U.S. comedian Andy Samberg found himself wondering what to do while on a trip in France and shortly after co-founded CanaryHop . With more than 800 activities offered by "  canaries "  local guides  for "  hoppers "  travelers  , the site aims to keep travelers from twiddling their thumbs on vacation . Popular trips include a Harry Potter overnight tour and a terracotta warriors tour . Travelers can book quirky activities , like learning to build sandcastles , make bows and arrows or become gladiators . Canaryhop.com Icebergfinder.com The Titanic tragedy inspired the formation of the International Ice Patrol , an aerial surveillance of icebergs . Visitors to Canada 's east coast can use Iceberg Finder 's interactive map to track -- or avoid -- the glacial giants . Iceberg sightings are usually between April and June . Icebergfinder.com Intervac-homeexchange . com Accommodations can take up a large chunk of a travel budget , money better spent on shopping , eating , drinking or upgrading your souvenir purchases . For an annual fee of â ‚ ¬ 70  $ 95  , travelers get access to unlimited home exchanges . Swappers can choose stays by location , such as "  in the city , " "  by the sea " or "  in the mountains . " Intervac-homeexchange . com Jetlagrooster.com Even the nicest hotel room can become stale when you 're suffering jet lag . Launched last year by Jay Olson of Canada 's Simon Fraser University , Jet Lag Rooster helps travelers shift body clocks by adjusting their exposure to light . The site uses trip details and usual sleep patterns to calculate a battle plan against jet lag . Jetlagrooster.com Roomertravel.com Canceled travel plans waste money . Paying for the hotel room you ca n't use adds to the misery . Roomer helps you sell off un-used hotel reservations . You can set your own prices to earn back some of the room rate or cancellation fee . Deal seekers can often pick up unwanted rooms at a fraction of the listed price . Roomertravel.com Seatguru.com For many of us , being cramped on a plane is as close as this world gets to Hell . A little extra leg room and space by a window can make a flight almost tolerable . SeatGuru points out preferred spots on all models of planes , as well as seats of misery , like those too close to the bathroom , those with limited leg room and recline , those often bumped by aisle walkers and even those that have an uneven alignment of TV and window . There are also seat tips for first - and business-class fliers . Seatguru.com Wwoof.com Volunteers are given food and accommodation in exchange for helping out with day-to-day chores for four to six hours on a farm or vineyard . Some hosts have multiple volunteers you can connect with . This is a cheap idea for wine lovers who might pay thousands of dollars for a high-end vineyard stay . Depending on the WWOOF  Worldwide Opportunities on Organic Farms  organization , membership fees vary . Wwoof.net	Intervac members get access to unlimited home swaps Iceberg Alley in Canada can be navigated with a tracking map at Iceberg Finder Meal Sharing connects world travelers and locals who want company for dinner Jet Lag Rooster computes personalized plans for combating jet lag
In 1925 , H. L. Mencken wrote an impassioned plea : "  Prohibition has not only failed in its promises but actually created additional serious and disturbing social problems throughout society . There is not less drunkenness in the Republic but more . There is not less crime , but more . ... The cost of government is not smaller , but vastly greater . Respect for law has not increased , but diminished . " This week marks the 79th anniversary of the repeal of Prohibition in December 1933 , but Mencken 's plea could easily apply to today 's global policy on drugs . We could learn a thing or two by looking at what Prohibition brought to the United States : an increase in consumption of hard liquor , organized crime taking over legal production and distribution and widespread anger with the federal government . News : Pot smokers enter legal limbo in Washington , Colorado Here we are , four decades after Richard Nixon declared the war on drugs in 1971 and $ 1 trillion spent since then . What do we have to show for it ? The U.S. has the largest prison population in the world , with about 2.3 million behind bars . More than half a million of those people are incarcerated for a drug law violation . What a waste of young lives . In business , if one of our companies is failing , we take steps to identify and solve the problem . What we do n't do is continue failing strategies that cost huge sums of money and exacerbate the problem . Rather than continuing on the disastrous path of the war on drugs , we need to look at what works and what does n't in terms of real evidence and data . Opinion : The end of the war on marijuana The facts are overwhelming . If the global drug trade were a country , it would have one of the top 20 economies in the world . In 2005 , the United Nations estimated the global illegal drug trade is worth more than $ 320 billion . It also estimates there are 230 million illegal drug users in the world , yet 90 % of them are not classified as problematic . In the United States , if illegal drugs were taxed at rates comparable to those on alcohol and tobacco , they would yield $ 46.7 billion in tax revenue . A Cato study says legalizing drugs would save the U.S. about $ 41 billion a year in enforcing the drug laws . Have U.S. drug laws reduced drug use ? No . The U.S. is the No. 1 nation in the world in illegal drug use . As with Prohibition , banning alcohol did n't stop people drinking -- it just stopped people obeying the law . News : Marijuana advocates hope to rise from ` prohibition ' About 40,000 people were in U.S. jails and prisons for drug crimes in 1980 , compared with more than 500,000 today . Excessively long prison sentences and locking up people for small drug offenses contribute greatly to this ballooning of the prison population . It also represents racial discrimination and targeting disguised as drug policy . People of color are no more likely to use or sell illegal drugs than white people -- yet from 1980 to 2007 , blacks were arrested for drug law violations at rates 2.8 to 5.5 times higher than white arrest rates . Prohibition failed when the American people spoke up and demanded its repeal . Today , the American people are showing their dissatisfaction with the war on drugs by voting for change , often in the face of federal law . Colorado and Washington recently became the first U.S. states to legalize recreational use of marijuana . Eighteen states and the District of Columbia allow the medical use of marijuana , and 74 % of Americans support alternatives to locking people up for marijuana possession . How would our society , our communities and daily lives improve if we took the money we use running a police and prison state and put it into education and health ? Treating drugs as a health issue could save billions , improve public health and help us better control violence and crime in our communities . Hundreds of thousands of people have died from overdoses and drug-related diseases , including HIV and hepatitis C , because they did n't have access to cost-effective , life-saving solutions . A Pew study says it costs the U.S. an average of $ 30,000 a year to incarcerate an inmate , but the nation spends only an average $ 11,665 per public school student . The future of our nations and our children should be our priority . We should be helping people addicted to drugs break their habits rather than putting users in prison . When it comes to drugs , we should focus on the goals we agree on : protecting our kids , protecting public safety and preventing and treating drug abuse and addiction . To help unlock barriers to drug reform , last June , I joined the Global Commission on Drug Policy , which is bringing global leadership to drug reform to make fact-based research public and draw attention to successful alternative approaches . Opinion : Mr. President , fix our broken drug policy As part of this work , a new documentary , "  Breaking the Taboo , " narrated by Oscar award-winning actor Morgan Freeman and produced by my son Sam Branson 's indie Sundog Pictures , followed the commission 's attempts to break the political taboo over the war on drugs . The film exposes the biggest failure of global policy in the past 40 years and features revealing contributions from global leaders , including former Presidents Bill Clinton and Jimmy Carter . It is time we broke the taboo and opened up the debate about the war on drugs . We need alternatives that focus on education , health , taxation and regulation . If you ignore a serious problem , refuse to debate it and hope it will go away all by itself , you are very naive . The war on drugs has failed . It 's time to confront the issue head on . Follow @CNNOpinion on Twitter	Richard Branson : Prohibition caused damage in the same way the war on drugs has done Branson says if one of his companies is failing , he does n't continue with failed strategies U.S. has the most prisoners in the world , he says , 500,000 of them for drug violations Branson : We need alternatives to jail that focus on education , health , taxation , regulation
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- The second son of former Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi appeared via a video link Sunday at his trial at a court in Tripoli , where he and dozens of former senior regime officials face charges for crimes they are accused of committing during the 2011 revolution . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , once his father 's heir apparent , has been held in the western mountain city of Zintan by the militiamen who captured him in 2011 . The group has refused to hand him over to the central government , citing security concerns and lawlessness in the capital . The trial was held under tight security with roads leading to Tripoli 's al-Hadba prison blocked off by security forces and gunmen positioned on the building 's rooftop . The judge read the charges against the defendants , which included the killing of protesters -- a crime punishable by a death sentence -- and other alleged crimes to try and suppress the 2011 uprising . Among the 23 defendants present at the hearing were Abdullah al-Senussi , the elder Gadhafi 's brother-in-law and former spy chief , former Prime Minister al-Baghdadi al-Mahmoudi and the regime 's head of foreign intelligence , Buzeid Durda . Eight other defendants held in the city of Misrata also appeared via video link at the trial . After more than two years in prison , Senussi , who was extradited from Mauritania , appeared frail and had lost weight . Gadhafi seemed relaxed and frequently smiled during the two-hour proceeding . In response to the judge 's question on whether he had a lawyer , Gadhafi responded twice , saying , "  I have God " . He later said he did not have a lawyer , and the court ordered one to be appointed for him . The International Criminal Court in the Hague indicted Gadhafi and Senussi on war crimes , but Libya refused to hand them over , arguing they had to face justice in their own country . Although the international court granted Libya the right to try Senussi last year , his ICC-appointed lawyer was appealing the ruling . Some defendants complained about not having enough access to their lawyers , and Senussi asked the court to allow foreign lawyers to represent him because Libyan lawyers , he said , were not able to do so . Rights groups have raised concerns about Libya 's ability to provide the defendants with a fair trial . "  The case of 30 + former Gadhafi officials has been problematic from a procedural point of view from the onset as some defendants , including Saif al-Islam Gadhafi and Abdullah Senussi , both held in isolation in different locations , still do not have access to a lawyer and were not able to review court documents , " said Hanan Salah , a Libya researcher for Human Rights Watch . "  In cases involving the death penalty , it is more important than ever to adhere to fair trial standards . " There have also been concerns about the use of the video link in this trial . "  Every defendant should have the right to communicate and consult without delay and in full confidentiality with their lawyers before and during a trial . The current arrangements in which some defendants are physically separated from the court and their lawyers cast doubt over respect for these rights and some defendants risk being mere spectators in their own trial , " said Salah , who was observing Sunday 's proceedings in Tripoli . The judge adjourned the trial to May 11 .	Saif al-Islam Gadhafi was the heir apparent before father , Moammar , was ousted Gadhafi , other former officials face charges , including killing protesters , in 2011 uprising Human Right Watch questions Libya 's ability to conduct a fair trial
Editor 's note : William Jelani Cobb is associate professor of history at Spelman College and author of the forthcoming "  Change Has Come : Barack Obama and the Meaning of Progress . " He blogs at http://americanexception.com/ William Jelani Cobb says Barack Obama 's White House has been remarkably silent on same-sex marriage . CNN  -- Last week Gov. John Lynch signed a bill making New Hampshire the sixth state to legalize same-sex marriage . It was a paradoxical moment . The new law is a reminder that same-sex marriage is the civil rights issue of our era and just how far the movement for marriage equality has come . It also highlighted the unexpected and remarkable silence from the White House on this issue . During the campaign , Barack Obama assured gays and lesbians that he supported repealing "  do n't ask , do n't tell " as well as adoption and anti-discrimination rights for the gay community . Those kinds of promises carry a particular weight when made by a man whose very capacity to run for elected office is the yield of another civil rights struggle . That lineage and the high expectations that come with it gave Obama an amazing degree of latitude , allowing him , for instance , to remain relatively unscathed even when he placed the Rev. Rick Warren on the Inauguration Day program . But to date he has taken no significant action on this front and , more critically , his administration is actually being outpaced by state legislatures around the country . Granted Obama has been in office for just 4 1/2 months , but given the developments in Iowa , California and New Hampshire , they have been among the most significant months in the struggle for marriage equality . The administration likely wishes to avoid the culture war debacle of Bill Clinton 's early presidency . But gay rights are a national issue in a way they were n't in 1993 . Thus the clouds of disappointment we already see gathering . We long ago overdosed on comparisons of Obama and previous presidents , but it 's hard to miss the way his administration had begun to echo that of John F. Kennedy . And not in a good way . During the 1960 campaign , Kennedy ran as a forward-looking Democrat who understood the necessity of civil rights . He promised an executive order banning housing discrimination . Gestures like his phone call to a pregnant Coretta Scott King while her husband languished in an Albany jail and Robert Kennedy 's judicial arm-twisting to secure his release endeared the young candidate to millions of African-Americans . But once in office , Kennedy made civil rights a low priority . By 1962 , Martin Luther King was openly critical of Kennedy and bitterly observed that the movement activists had become "  pawns in a white man 's game . " It is worth recalling that the 1963 March on Washington was organized not only to ensure passage of a civil rights bill , but also to ensure that Kennedy would not cave to Southern Democrats on the issue . In retrospect , Kennedy 's reputation as a supporter of civil rights was greatly exaggerated . On one occasion , Atlanta Mayor William Hartsfield invoked Kennedy 's name -- without his knowledge or approval -- as the reason local politicians were "  forced " to release Martin Luther King from prison . The plan was to direct the anger of Southern whites at Kennedy rather than the local officeholders who wanted King out of jail , but one side-effect was to raise Kennedy 's standing among black voters . In reality , though , as both candidate and president , Kennedy was consistently behind the curve of history . It is far too early to make such assessments of President Obama , but there is a disturbing parallel . He has carefully outlined support for civil unions and his opposition to a Constitutional amendment banning same-sex marriage . But as a former law professor , Obama certainly knows -- and the language of the recent California ruling makes frighteningly clear -- the logic of civil unions is essentially the logic of "  separate but equal . "  Try reading the California decision and the Plessy v. Ferguson opinion consecutively .  iReport.com : Share your thoughts on same-sex marriage On the surface , civil unions are a politically safe middle ground , an attempt to highlight the artificial divide between secular unions and the religious rite of marriage . But the fact is that marriage is a civil institution just as much as it is a religious one , and therefore religious objections to same-sex marriage should n't be an obstacle . We allow atheists to marry and we do not refer to a wedding performed by a secular judge or justice of the peace as a "  civil union . " The president would do well to define this moment by taking immediate action to repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell " or ensure adoption rights for homosexual , bisexual and transgender families . Kennedy believed that promoting civil rights would jeopardize other aspects of his domestic agenda during a national crisis . Barack Obama has a broader set of crises to resolve than any president in modern history , but that is not a rationale for inaction on this issue . Ultimately , the gay rights movement will have to learn something that the civil rights movement learned again and again during the 20th century -- it is often necessary to force the hand of even your allies to achieve your goals . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of William Jelani Cobb .	William Jelani Cobb : White House has been largely silent on same-sex marriage He says the issue is the civil rights struggle of our time Cobb : State legislatures have taken the lead by allowing same-sex marriage He says Obama 's wariness resembles John Kennedy 's reluctance on civil rights
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- A third beluga whale belonging to the world 's largest aquarium has died , the Georgia Aquarium announced late Monday . The exact cause of Nico 's sudden death on Saturday is inconclusive from the initial necropsy or animal autopsy . The Georgia Aquarium hopes to find out more information in the months ahead from a more detailed necropsy . "  As we work with and care for the many animals at the Georgia Aquarium , we become attached emotionally , " said Dr. Gregory D. Bossart , chief veterinary officer at the aquarium . "  The loss is not unlike that of faithful dog or special horse that has been a part your life for years . " Nico died at Sea World in San Antonio , where he and two other beluga whales had been moved temporarily while the Georgia Aquarium is undergoing renovation . Nico was scheduled to return home to Atlanta next month with companions Maris and Natasha . Nico arrived in Atlanta with Gaspar , two whales obtained from a park in Mexico . Both animals suffered "  significant health issues " from their times in a foreign park and were essentially "  living on borrowed time , " said Bossart , who had been caring for the two whales as far as nine years ago , while they were still in Mexico . "  We rescued Nico knowing that he had health issues due to his prior home , but we were confident that we could provide a better quality of life for his final years , " Bossart said . Gaspar was suffering from a bone disease contracted before arriving at the downtown Atlanta aquarium and was euthanized in January 2007 . Another beluga whale , Marina , died 11 months later from complications of old age . Beluga whales or white whales , whose name is derived from a Russian word meaning white , typically live in Arctic and sub-Arctic regions including Canada , Russia , Greenland and the U.S. state of Alaska . They can live up to 35 years . The belugas are not the only high-profile deaths at the Georgia Aquarium , which opened in late 2005 . A pair of whale sharks have also died at the eight-million-gallon facility , the only one outside Asia to display the giant fish . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	After autopsy , the cause of Nico 's sudden death Saturday is inconclusive Nico died at Sea World in San Antonio , where he was kept temporarily The Georgia Aquarium is undergoing renovations , which is why Nico was moved
CNN  -- Israeli warplanes took to the air overnight Thursday , striking back after rockets were fired into territory from Gaza , Israeli and Palestinian officials said . Hamas security sources said that two Palestinian rockets were fired into Israel on Thursday night . The Israel Defense Forces said in a news release that one such rocket caused damage to an abandoned building . In response , an Israeli military aircraft targeted what the IDF described as a "  terror activity site " in the central Gaza Strip overnight . "  A direct hit was confirmed , " the statement added . Around 1 a.m. Friday , an Israeli missile hit a Hamas military base located east of the al-Maghazi refugee camp , said Hamas security sources . They added that Israeli warplanes remained in the skies at least 40 minutes later . There were no related injuries , local medical sources said . CNN 's Kamal Ghattas contributed to the report .	Two rockets are fired from Gaza into Israel , Hamas security sources say One strikes an abandoned building , the Israel Defense Forces reports Israeli warplanes target a "  terror activity site " in response There are no related injuries , local medical sources say
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- "  A force " has been mobilized by the Libyan government to "  seize " a North Korean-flagged ship that 's been docked for days in a rebel-held port , despite a threat by Libya 's leader that it might be bombed . Two Libyan ministers told reporters Sunday that the "  force " consists of "  qualified " naval officers and "  revolutionaries , " or former rebels now being paid by the government . It has authorization "  to stop , seize or even strike  the oil tanker  with force if it does not comply with the orders issued for it , " said Culture Minister Habibi al-Amin . "  The aim is to receive this tanker , according to the law , without causing any casualties or damage , " said Justice Minister Salah al-Marghani , calling on those involved to surrender . "  We hope this happens . " The vessel , dubbed Morning Glory , docked late Friday night in the oil port of As-Sidra . Prime Minister Ali Zeidan said Saturday that the ship 's captain subsequently was warned by phone to comply with government orders or face the consequences . The captain responded that local militia onboard did not allow them to depart . Zeidan threatened to bomb the oil tanker if it did n't comply with Libya 's request . On Sunday , al-Amin echoed the prime minister 's concerns that a bombing could cause a large oil spill and said the "  force " focused on the issue "  realizes the sensitivity of the situation and the risks . " "  They are dealing with  this  in kind of a surgical method , " said the cultural minister , noting that one option may be to lead the tanker to an area where more Libyan government forces can safely seize it . The U.S. State Department weighed in Sunday , with spokeswoman Jen Psaki expressing concern about Morning Glory "  loading a cargo of illicitly obtained oil . " "  This action is counter to law and amounts to theft from the Libyan people , " Psaki said . The situation speaks to the unsettled situation in the North African nation , which the government is struggling to control more than two years after the ouster of longtime Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . In this case , the issue centers around the oil-rich eastern part of the country and one man in particular , Ibrahim Jadran . The militia leader was entrusted by the government to safeguard crucial oil ports . But last July , Jadran and his men seized them , blocking oil exports , and demanded more autonomy and shared revenues for his eastern region . Meet the man holding Libya 's oil hostage "  We used to be part of that government until the corruption became so visible , and the government started to sell oil without measuring units , and after we became certain that such a government is not credible and unable to rebuild the state , " Jadran , 32 , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour in January . "  That 's why we declared independence of our province and we started to seek our fair rights . " There is a lot at stake , given the Libyan government 's precarious state and the wealth of natural resources in the country . Libya is thought to have Africa 's largest proven oil reserves . The country produced 1.6 million barrels per day after the revolution only to have that output slow to a relative trickle of fewer than 200,000 barrels per day by the end of last year . The government has said the disrupted oil production , from the seizures of ports as well as protests and strikes at other oil facilities , is costing the country $ 130 million a day . The oil at the center of the current As-Sidra situation belongs to Libya 's National Oil Corporation and its partners , which Psaki from the State Department notes includes U.S. companies . "  Any oil sales without authorization from these parties places purchasers at risk of exposure to civil liability , penalties and other possible sanctions , " Psaki said . The threat of force against the North Korean-flagged vessel is n't the first time Libya 's government has threatened force against ships that enter the eastern oil ports . On several occasions , authorities have issued ultimatums to such ships , only to have those deadlines come and go with no action . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh reported from Libya and CNN 's Greg Botelho reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	NEW : A U.S. official says the illicit loading oil "  amounts to theft from the Libyan people " Ministers : "  Force " is tasked with dealing with a North Korean-flagged ship at rebel-held port Naval officers , "  revolutionaries " have OK to "  stop , seize or even strike " ship , minister says Libya has n't been able to profit from its immense oil resources due to instability
CNN  Russian President Vladimir Putin has insisted that the Minsk II ceasefire agreement from February 12 is the road to "  a final settlement " of the conflict in Ukraine -- and although the truce is shaky , Ukraine and the West have a strong interest in seeing it hold . The West is not going to enter into a proxy war with Russia -- and Ukraine 's best hope is to wind down the war and to use the breathing space for much-needed reform . Minsk II confirms the military gains Russia has made in Ukraine and gives Moscow plenty of leverage over Kiev . But compared to war , it is the lesser evil . In fact , the agreement could be turned to Ukraine 's advantage , providing the country with the breathing space it urgently needs to enact political and economic changes . A stronger Ukrainian state -- more functional , less corrupt , and better able to deliver to its citizens -- would be much more capable to resist Russian aggression . It is Ukraine 's weakness that has allowed Russia to invade the country in the east . A weak sense of national solidarity and togetherness there , as well as insufficient supervision of the border , allowed unofficial and official Russian troops to enter into the Donbass region . And a badly-trained , badly-equipped and badly-organized army was n't able to push back . As long as the conflict in the east continues , Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko 's new government will only reluctantly pursue reform . In times of war , national unity is needed to mobilize potential support -- this is not the time to fight the abuse of power in the country by mighty oligarchs , as their support is urgently needed for the war effort . But if Minsk II holds , Ukraine can refocus its energy on tackling its biggest internal challenge , which has been neglected for more than two decades : to build proper state institutions . A new Ukraine could emerge democratic , liberal , and much better governed , a country that would become attractive not only to its own citizens -- millions have emigrated in the last few years -- but also to Western investors . The momentum is there . Poroshenko 's government has made some small but promising steps in the right direction . And the Maidan generation , a much more politicized civil society , continues to exert pressure on leaders . Unlike its predecessors , the government knows that it needs to deliver . If not , sovereignty again might fall back to the citizens in a new Maidan that could push the current leadership away . The terms of Minsk II are however favorable to Russia . It represents the current correlation of forces . Russia is much stronger militarily than Ukraine , even under the self-imposed condition of keeping Russian engagement on the level of deniability . And the West is not ready to seriously tip the military balance in Ukraine 's favor . Not surprisingly , Minsk II is not aimed at directly restoring Ukraine 's territorial integrity . While the first Minsk agreement , reached in September , stipulated that international observers would monitor the Russian-Ukrainian border , Minsk II makes the return of the border to Ukraine conditional on constitutional reform -- a new constitution to which representatives of the rebel-held territory must agree . In practice , this means that Ukraine has to negotiate its new constitution with the Kremlin . The choice for Ukraine is -- according to the current truce -- to accept either that the rebel-held territory is going to be built up as a heavily-armed Russian proxy state , or to accept a new constitution that will give Russia substantial influence over the future course of the country . Either Russia can switch on and switch off the war at will , or Ukraine accepts giving up the substance of its sovereignty . Either way , Russia will have achieved its goal of bringing Ukraine back into its sphere of influence . Ukraine and its Western supporters must develop a counter-strategy . Russia is weaker than it may seem . Its economy is heavily damaged by plunging oil prices and Western sanctions . The costs of the conflict have been high . Over the last year , the Kremlin had to learn some hard lessons : that the West is relatively united against Russia 's attack on Ukraine , enough to impose tough sanctions ; that Ukrainians in the east do n't welcome Russians as liberators , and that many are ready to fight for their independence ; and that the appetite for war with Ukraine is pretty low in Russia . Putin 's regime is not suicidal . Winding down the war and rebuilding ties with the West is therefore a political and economic necessity , at least over the mid-term . Ultimately , the contract between Putin and Russian voters remains focused on economic well-being , on sharing at least part of the income from natural resources . This contract can only temporarily be switched to aggressive patriotism -- over the longer term , the regime needs to deliver some degree of prosperity . The challenge for Ukraine and its Western supporters is to turn Minsk II into an opportunity . The government must demonstrate its fierce dedication to reform and start a serious fight against corruption . If the war loses prominence at some point , there will be no excuse for inaction . The task is huge , but the Maidan movement and the tensions Russia have created a new sense of citizenship for some in Ukraine -- one that the government must seize upon . The trick will be to remain under the threshold of what Russia may see as a provocation that could trigger fresh rounds of warfare . But if Ukraine can quickly move forward with its reform agenda , and if Russia becomes weaker as the economic crisis hits the country hard , the advantage may soon be on the Ukrainian side . The stronger Ukraine becomes -- politically , economically and also militarily -- the more difficult it will be for Russia to control the interpretation of Minsk II . And if that succeeds , and Ukraine one day becomes a shining example of freedom and prosperity -- like Poland -- people in Donbas may one day push for reunification , just as East Germans pushed for reunification in 1989 . The zone of liberal-democratic stability will move further east , ultimately challenging the autocratic petro-state that Putin has built in Russia . Whether this can work or not depends primarily on Ukraine : on the readiness of civil society to stay engaged and push for reform , the readiness of the bureaucracy to embrace a new order , and the readiness of oligarchs to give up their social and political power in order to maintain positions of economic leadership . It also depends on the West : Firstly , the EU and U.S. must make it as costly as possible for Russia to switch on war as a means to prevent Ukraine 's reform . Unfortunately , the temptation for Russia to use this tool will remain , as military power is its only remaining strength . Moscow must be told in clear terms that the West is going to react to a full return to the battlefield with harsh measures . The West must also make up for two decades of disinterest in and neglect of Ukraine and start with serious engagement with Kiev to help it to build a decent state , to give Ukrainians a perspective . A "  Compact for Ukraine , " announced by Angela Merkel , Barack Obama and other Western leaders in Kiev in April that puts all kind of support into a package would be a good start . The West does n't want to fight Russia in Ukraine militarily . But in response to the military invasion in the east , the West must now swarm the country with help and support . It is in the interest of Ukraine , and in the interest of a European order that has brought the continent the freest , most peaceful and most prosperous epoch of its history .	Ukraine and the West have a strong interest in seeing the Minsk II ceasefire agreement hold Ukraine 's best hope is to use the breathing space for much-needed reform
British lawmakers tore into the chief executive of the security contractor that will be unable to deliver enough guards for the Olympic Games , forcing Nick Buckles to agree Tuesday that the fiasco is "  a humiliating shambles . " Buckles , the chief executive of G4S , said the company should not have agreed to provide 10,400 guards for the Olympics , six days after the security giant admitted it could not do so . "  We regret signing the contract , " Buckles said under pressure from lawmakers . The company 's failure forced the government to call in 3,500 military personnel to help , and will also require extra police to be deployed . Olympic-level security G4S has a # 284 million  $ 444 million  government contract to provide security staff for the Olympic Games , but only 4,000 guards are trained and ready . Buckles said there was a company "  expectation " that 7,000 will be ready by the time the Games begin on July 27 , although he called the exact number "  a moving target . " Lawmakers appeared incredulous at the chief executive 's assertion that G4S should still claim a # 57 million  $ 89 million  management fee as part of the contract . "  Why ? " demanded Keith Vaz , the chairman of Parliament 's Home Affairs Committee . "  You have n't managed . " G4S may lose $ 77m over guard shortfall Hammered by Vaz for saying he was "  disappointed " about the failure , Buckles first said he was "  deeply disappointed " and then that he was "  sorry . " Labour lawmaker David Winnick then laid into Buckles , insisting several times that the snafu was "  a humiliating shambles . " Buckles finally said he could not disagree . He repeatedly tried to evade a question from lawmaker James Clappison about whether he was confident about the number of guards who would show up on the first day of the Games . Guarding the games Vaz intervened again , demanding : "  You ca n't give Mr. Clappison the assurance he seeks ? " "  I can not , " Buckles said . The company will reimburse police forces that have to provide officers to cover for G4S shortfalls , and will "  consider " paying bonuses to military and police who are called in to help , he said . Buckles said he was surprised when he got his first indication on July 3 that his company would be unable to fulfill its contract . The information came "  completely out of the blue , " he said . He knew for certain on July 11 the company could not fulfill its contract , he told the committee , which is looking into security for the Games . The company accepts "  100 % responsibility " for its failure , and is "  extremely grateful to the military and police for helping us out , " Buckles said . Athletes fret on lost bus as Olympic arrivals begins Closing the session , Vaz said lawmakers considered the company 's performance "  unacceptable , incompetent and amateurish " and implicitly suggested Buckles should resign after the Games . The G4S recruits are supposed to perform tasks including venue perimeter security , such as manning X-ray machines , searching people , searching vehicles and operating closed-circuit television systems , G4S said Sunday . The Home Office said Monday that the contractor was suffering from a software problem , which meant it could not guarantee who would turn up where and whether guards had the right training . G4S has not responded to CNN questions about the accusation . Share your Olympics sights and sounds Britain 's Department for Transport said Tuesday that the U.S. Department of Homeland Security was sending a small number of Transportation Security Administration officials to Britain for the Games . The TSA staff "  will be based at designated UK airports to act as an onsite liaison for the TSA , " the British government department said in a statement . "  The TSA staff will not be conducting security screening operations or security inspections , " the statement said . The Home Office said Monday that the extra immigration staff it had deployed at borders was properly trained , rejecting media reports to the contrary . Immigration desks have extra staffers , Heathrow said Monday , amid fears of long lines to get into the country . Retired border officials and retired police officers are among those being brought in to supplement immigration staff , the Home Office said . Athlete arrivals are expected to peak July 24 , with more than 1,200 competitors due on that day . See how Heathrow is preparing for the London Olympics Heathrow airport expected a record number of passengers on Monday as athletes began to flood into the city for the Olympic Games . G4S said Saturday that it stands to lose up to $ 77 million after failing to recruit enough staff .	The U.S. is sending some Homeland Security staff to Britain during the Games G4S should still claim an $ 89 million management fee , Nick Buckles says Lawmakers call G4S performance "  unacceptable , incompetent and amateurish " The government is calling in 3,500 military personnel to cover shortfalls
CNN  Sony 's PlayStation and Microsoft 's Xbox Live gaming networks experienced widespread problems on Christmas Day as a hacker group claimed responsibility for what it said was an attack . Hundreds of users took to Twitter to report problems with the systems , which lasted much of the day . "  With the #Xbox hacking shutdown going on I 'm watching my 15 year old nephew meltdown : ` I 've got nothing else to do !!!! ' " Jim Crilley Jr. wrote on the social messaging site . The problem persisted for hours , but Thursday night Xbox Live briefly posted a message on its support website saying : "  Were you having a hard time signing in to Xbox Live ? If so , we 're glad to say we 've reached a solution ! You can once again sign in without any issues . Thanks for hanging in there while we worked . We appreciate it ! " But many PlayStation users were still having difficulty logging on to their network . Gamers were able to play games offline , but could n't communicate with other players or make use of network functions . The hacker group Lizard Squad said earlier it was "  smacking " the two systems , apparently one of several attacks in December . The group took responsibility for keeping each network down earlier this month on separate occasions . On Thursday , the group asked for retweets in exchange for ending the problem , which could be a distributed denial of service attack . That 's when hackers flood networks with illegitimate traffic , overwhelming the ability of the servers . The problem might be exacerbated by video gamers who received new systems for Christmas and were adding to the potential traffic on one of the busiest gaming days of the year . The network downtime started just hours after Microsoft 's Xbox video store started to stream the Seth Rogen comedy "  The Interview . " The movie was made by Sony Pictures , a sibling of Sony 's PlayStation division . Sony was the victim of a massive cyberattack in late November that was widely believed to be motivated , at least in part , by North Korea 's anger over "  The Interview , " which depicts the assassination of Kim Jong Un . But there was no indication that Thursday 's problems were in any way connected to the movie 's digital release . Other participating distributors of the movie , such as YouTube , were unaffected . And PlayStation is not participating in the release . A Sony Pictures spokesman deferred to PlayStation for comment about the outage . CNN 's Brian Stelter contributed to this report .	Some Xbox users finally able to log on to network Incident and a hack of Sony Pictures do n't appear to be related Lizard Squad hacker group has claimed responsibility for prior attacks One Twitter user bemoans issue , stuck with cranky teenager
Chen Guangbiao wants rich people in China to give more to charity and he 'll do anything to get their attention . That includes stacking piles of cash to form a wall for a photo op or dancing on the rooftops of brand new cars that he bought for a donation . Chen 's latest stunt involved buying lunch for underprivileged people in New York City and giving each person a cash gift . The free lunch took place on June 25 at Loeb Boathouse in Central Park . "  I have visited the U.S. every month since last November , I see many homeless people , poor people on the streets , searching for food in the garbage bins , " Chen said when asked why he was going all the way to the U.S. to carry out his philanthropy . Calling from his Shanghai office earlier this week , Chen spoke in an even , calm tone , without a hint of the goofball persona that he displays during his media events . Chen publicized the mass lunch with full-page ads in the New York Times and Wall Street Journal , asking interested homeless people to sign up for the meal by email . When we spoke to the millionaire , he said more than 5,000 people had signed up for the June 25 lunch . He was working with several U.S. charities to decide on the final guest list . One of them , the New York City Rescue Mission , told CNN last week that the $ 300 cash gift is a prize for completing one of their training or substance abuse programs . Publicity with a purpose Mission spokeswoman Michelle Tolson dismissed the idea that the event is a publicity stunt for Chen , saying they had vetted him . "  It 's not something we wanted to get into lightly , " she said , citing her organization 's 142-year history . But for Chen , publicity is crucial . Handing out cash and buying lunches is not the long-term goal . The eccentric millionaire says he hopes to influence the rest of the world 's rich and powerful to give more through his flashy charity antics , even though it makes him a target for ridicule . "  My wealth is very limited . I need to influence other people to give , " says Chen , adding that those full-page ads in U.S. newspapers were written in both English and Chinese so that other well-heeled Chinese would get the message . The tycoon founded Jiangsu Huangpu Recycling Resources , an unlisted company that recycles construction material and domestic waste , but says that he "  could not even make it onto China 's top 10,000 rich list . " Hurun has him at number 372 on their 2013 rich list , while Forbes reports Chen 's fortune is worth the equivalent of $ 720 million  RMB4 .5 billion  . ` Talk is cheap ' Chen likes to tell the story of how his mother 's selflessness inspired him . Growing up in a poor rural household , two of Chen 's siblings starved to death . Despite their poverty , his mother found ways to give to others . "  She would carry my little brother at her side , he would be crying , but she would share her milk with other people 's babies , " says Chen . The self-made man said he did many odd jobs as a school kid , hauling trash , selling water and snacks , whatever he could to bring in extra cash . A graduate in traditional Chinese medicine  TCM  , Chen says he invented an electronic device that detects illnesses in the body using TCM theories . The contraption made him his first fortune in the 1990s before he turned to the recycling industry . He made his mark nationally as a philanthropist when he appeared on the scene of the Sichuan earthquake in 2008 . Changing his suit and tie for army fatigues , the bespectacled businessman pulled bodies out from the rubble and donated more than RMB 100 million  US$ 16 million  . "  I like to get my hands dirty . Talk is cheap , " he says . Chen has since traveled to the epicenter of other major natural disasters in China to do relief work -- and provide the media with great photo ops . In the spotlight Despite his record , a lot of people ca n't take Chen seriously as a philanthropist . His critics include Jeremy Goldkorn , director of Chinese media research firm Danwei , who calls the millionaire "  a clown whose so-called philanthropy appears to consist entirely of self-promotional stunts . " Netizens ridicule Chen for his love of the media spotlight ; some accuse him of being a fraud and say that his TCM diagnostic machine invented in the 1990s is a scam . Chen does n't do himself any favors when he includes on his English namecard an absurdly long string of self-aggrandizing titles , including "  Most Charismatic Philanthropist of China , " or when he widely publicizes his interest in buying the New York Times , only to have the Times deny any such possibility . The millionaire also seems to actively court political controversy . In 2011 , he traveled to Taiwan -- considered a rogue state by Beijing -- to hand out more than $ 200,000 in cash to the disadvantaged , only to have local politicians hesitate to receive him , suspecting the trip may be a soft political move orchestrated by Chinese government . Chinese American media such as the Epoch Times and New Tang Dynasty TV have investigated Chen 's ties to the Communist Party , suspecting him of unknowingly becoming a political pawn for certain factions of the party . Chinese-language media have also accused Chen of not fulfilling his million-dollar pledges -- allegations Chen has denied . Chen is a staunch patriot -- he is known for punctuating press conferences with solo renditions of patriotic songs , some using self-penned lyrics . He also took out an ad in the New York Times in 2012 proclaiming the disputed Diaoyu Islands are Chinese territory , not Japanese . But the recycling tycoon denies any connection with Chinese authorities and insists his record is clean . "  Starting my business has been very hard work . I have received no help from any officials at all . I still find it very difficult to get my business deals because I refuse to take or give bribes , I refuse to become corrupt , " he says . Perhaps Chen 's most controversial philanthropic venture was his pledge in early 2014 to fund plastic surgery for a mother and her daughter who reportedly survived self-immolation . The pair were allegedly part of a group of Falun Gong practitioners who are believed to have set themselves on fire in Tiananmen Square in 2001 . They survived the incident but were badly disfigured . Chen 's move to bankroll their surgery was met with outrage from Falun Gong supporters who say that the incident was staged by the Chinese government and that the organization would never preach self harm or suicide . When he dies , Chen plans to donate his entire fortune not to his family , but to charity -- a pledge he says he was inspired to make after meeting Bill Gates and Warren Buffett in 2010 . Although his critics accuse Chen of never giving money to his relatives anyway . "  My younger brother runs a guesthouse and my sister is a janitor . I have not given them money because they earn their own money . I pay for their children 's school fees , " says Chen . Despite the criticism , Chen has not been discouraged . "  I regret nothing , " he says . "  I am not afraid of what people say about me . I have not done anything that harms anyone . I think society needs diverse innovation . I will keep on giving positive energy through my creative solutions for problems . "	"  I regret nothing . I am not afraid of what people say about me , " says controversial philanthropist Chen Guangbiao The recycling tycoon regularly donates millions through showy charity actions His ostentatious ways attracts criticism and ridicule -- he 's been called a fraud , a clown , and a political pawn
CNN  -- Australian authorities have declared several coastal areas near Brisbane disaster zones after a massive oil spill earlier this week , according to the Queensland government . Large stretches of Queensland 's coastline are being affected by the oil . "  This is a very serious situation , " Queensland Premier Anna Bligh said , according to a news release on Friday . "  It appears the volume of oil involved is much greater than originally reported by the Pacific Adventurer . And the effect of the oil spill is more widespread . " The Pacific Adventurer sustained damage early Wednesday when Cyclone Hamish struck the waters of eastern Australia with more than 125 kph  77 mph  winds . The cargo ship lost 30 of its 50 containers of ammonium nitrate about 13 kilometers  8 miles  off the coast of Cape Moreton . Those containers are still missing . The damaged ship also spilled a large amount of oil that is covering at least 60 kilometers  37 miles  of beach in and around Brisbane , according to Australian Broadcasting Corporation  ABC  . Watch sludge washing up on shorelines " The ship 's owner , Swire Shipping , initially said no more than 42,000 liters  11,100 U.S. gallons  of oil escaped from the ship , but now says that "  substantially more oil was spilled , " ABC reported Friday . The ship is currently in the custody of Australia 's Maritime Safety Authority in Brisbane , as the investigation into the spill continues . A massive clean-up effort is also under way . So far , 13 oil-covered birds have been recovered , according to the Queensland government .	Pacific Adventurer sustained damage when Cyclone Hamish struck Damaged ship spilled large quantity of oil and chemical cannisters Ship now in the custody of Australia 's Maritime Safety Authority
CNN  -- Far-right and far-left protest parties have dominated the crucial election in many countries across the European Union The euroskeptics -- from the UKIP in the United Kingdom to National Front in France -- are demanding tighter border controls , nationalized decision-making and a dissolution of the currency union . There are several reasons for the surge in support , including the disillusionment of those caught in the backdraft of economic crisis and a desire by some voters to punish the political establishment . But while the euroskeptic parties are expected to claim a significant chunk of votes , their power inside the parliament will likely to be diluted by a lack of cooperation . They have little in common aside from a dislike of the Brussels bureaucracy , and a pan-euroskeptic political group is unlikely , according to political scientist Duncan McDonnell . "  The euroskeptic label covers parties of both right and left , many of whom object to the EU for very different reasons -- the radical left denounce Europe as a free-market promoting friend of high finance , while the right objects to a loss of national sovereignty and bureaucracy , " said McDonnell , a political science fellow at the European University Institute in Florence . However , the rise in euroskeptic parties ' political clout is likely to put pressure on national governments of the member states . Five years after the financial crisis exploded , the call for change with the bloc has become louder . With protest parties coming top in several key member states , the decades-old institution could face a shake-up that will rewrite its future . Nina dos Santos : The European Union needs a new vision This interactive map may not work on all mobile devices .	Euroskeptic parties have claimed a big chunk of votes in EU election However , their power inside the parliament will likely to be diluted by a lack of cooperation The protest vote is likely to put pressure on governments of the member states
CNN Student News  -- October 31 , 2014 Featured this Halloween on CNN Student News : Candidates in the upcoming U.S. midterm elections work to scare up some votes , fearless astronauts aboard the ISS describe day-to-day living , ghost stories abound at some Washington , D.C. landmarks , and we hand out some sweet facts about the October 31st holiday . There are neither tricks nor commercials on CNN Student News ! On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . WEEKLY NEWSQUIZ Click here for a printable version of the Weekly Newsquiz  PDF  . 1 . In what U.S. city would you find Bellevue Hospital , where an American doctor who contracted Ebola is being treated ? 2 . What is the largest stadium in the United Kingdom ? 3 . What was the intended destination of the spacecraft that exploded just after launching from a NASA facility in Virginia ? 4 . What country ended its combat mission in Afghanistan this week ? 5 . When daylight-saving time ends , most places in the U.S. switch back to what form of time ? 6 . What volcanic mass , located in Hawaii , is one of the most active volcanos on the planet ? 7 . What is the name of the virus that killed tens of millions of people worldwide in 1918 ? 8 . What substance is the biggest factor in the price of gasoline , accounting for roughly 60 percent of the total cost ? 9 . What is the southernmost state in the U.S. ? 10 . Ed Smith was the athlete who once modeled for what American sporting award ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call . The Weekly Newsquiz tests students ' knowledge of events in the news
NEW DELHI  CNN  -- India 's Tata Motors Monday announced it would begin delivery of the Nano , billed as the world 's "  cheapest car " , in July . Tata Motors expects to begin delivery of the Nano , billed as the world 's cheapest car , in July . The four-door Nano is currently being built in "  limited numbers " at a company plant in the north Indian hill state of Uttrakhand . Tata Motors , however , aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 at another unit elsewhere in the country , a company statement said . "  It is to the credit of the team at Tata Motors that a car once thought impossible by the world is now a reality . I hope it will provide safe , affordable , four-wheel transportation to families who till now have not been able to own a car . We are delighted in presenting the Tata Nano to India and the world , " company chief Ratan Tata told a news conference in Mumbai to announce the "  commercial launch " of the $ 2,000 car . Watch more on the Nano " Tata Motors said the Nano would initially be available through bookings or reservations filed on a request form priced around $ 6 , or Rs 300 . Tata will accept the bookings from April 9 to April 25 . Within 60 days of the closure of bookings , Tata Motors will process and announce the allotment of 100,000 cars in the first phase of deliveries , through a computerized random selection procedure , it added . "  Deliveries will commence from July 2009 , " said the company statement .	Tata Motors to begin delivery of the Nano in July Tata aims to make 350,000 Nanos a year from 2010 Car is billed as the world 's cheapest , costing $ 2,000
CNN  -- After deliberating for more than four hours , a jury convicted a Nevada man of 22 counts Tuesday for videotaping himself sexually assaulting a toddler , CNN affiliates report . Chester Arthur Stiles has been convicted of videtaping a sexual assault on a child . Chester Arthur Stiles , 38 , faces a maximum sentence of life in prison . He was convicted of lewdness with a child , sexual assault with a minor , attempted sexual assault with a minor and other related charges . He showed no reaction as the verdict was read after more than four hours of jury deliberations , according to KLAS . Sentencing was set for May 8 . The crime triggered a national manhunt and search for the girl when the tape surfaced in 2007 . Jurors in Stiles ' trial viewed the videotape , but the judge would not allow members sitting in the gallery to view it , and a screen was put up to block the jury box , said Michael Sommermeyer , spokesman for Clark County , Nevada , courts . Some members of the media were allowed to view the tape as well , but the judge did not want the reactions of reporters or the public to influence jurors , he said . The charges also related to another girl who Stiles was accused of sexually assaulting on videotape . The tape was given to authorities in September 2007 by a man who said he had found it in the desert five months before . On it , police found images of the small girl being sexually assaulted . After attempting unsuccessfully to find out the girl 's identity , authorities turned to the media for help and released a picture of the girl , and the case drew nationwide attention . She was found in October 2007 . An attorney for her mother said she was 7 years old and safe and healthy . The rape occurred before the girl 's third birthday , while she was in the care of a baby-sitter her mother had hired , he said . The mother did not know the girl had been victimized . After the girl was found , authorities asked CNN and other news organizations to stop showing her picture . In an appearance on "  The Dr. Phil Show , " the girl 's mother said the girl has no recollection of the assault . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , was arrested in a traffic stop in October 2007 . Police said at the time they pulled Stiles ' car over because it had no license plate , and became suspicious when the driver displayed an expired California license with a photo that did not match his appearance . Stiles eventually admitted who he was and that he was being sought , authorities said . The man who turned the tape over to authorities , Darrin Tuck , faced criminal charges because of the delay in turning it over , during which authorities alleged he showed it to others . A judge gave Tuck a one-year suspended sentence and three years of probation in April after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to obstruct a public officer , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . He initially had faced a felony count of possession of child pornography .	NEW : Chester Arthur Stiles guilty of all counts in child sex video case NEW : Sentencing for Stiles scheduled for May 8 Stiles could be sent to prison for the rest of his life Tape surfaced in 2007 , years after alleged assault
The North Korean hack of Sony Pictures that unleashed proprietary information , leaked embarrassing emails and brought the multi-billion dollar company 's operations to its knees was unprecedented . But cyber security and intelligence experts warn that this is only the beginning . A CNN review of cyber attacks against federal agencies shows that the number of breaches into government systems is skyrocketing . "  Espionage is happening at a rate we have never seen before , " said Denise Zheng , a deputy director at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . The numbers seem to bear that out . There were almost 61,000 cyber attacks and security breaches across the entire federal government last year according to a recent Obama administration report . And the number of cyber incidents involving government agencies has jumped 35 percent between 2010 and 2013 , from roughly 34,000 to about 46,000 , according to another recent report by the Government Accountability Office . "  This is a global problem . We do n't have a malware problem . We have an adversary problem . There are people being paid to try to get inside our systems 24/7 , " said Tony Cole , vice president of the cyber security firm FireEye . Unclassified networks at the White House and State Department were recently hacked , leading the State Department to shut down its email system for days last month . RELATED : Official says U.S. will respond to North Korea But it 's not just spies looking to crack government computers . Hackers are also after personal information accessible through government computer systems , not unlike their counterparts who have nabbed millions of credit and debit card numbers from Target and Home Depot . Last July , hackers hit the Energy Department and took personally identifiable information from more than 100,000 people "  that could be used to damage the financial and personal interests of many individuals , " according to a post-mortem report by the department 's inspector general . The data included names ; dates and places of birth ; social security and bank account numbers ; and information about their education and disabilities , according to the report . The hack cost the government almost $ 4 million in credit monitoring fees and lost productivity . Greg Wilshusen was one of the 100,000 people whose data was compromised by the attack , and the director of information security issues at the Government Accounting Office . He said the federal government 's information technology is "  not as secure as it should be . GAO has been identifying this area as high risk since 1997 . It 's been a longstanding challenge for the federal government to adequately protect its systems . " Sometimes the threat comes from simple incompetence . Last year , the IRS mistakenly posted tens of thousands of social security numbers on government websites , according to the nonprofit Public.Resource.org . Perhaps not surprisingly , the Treasury Department 's Inspector General for Tax Administration says protecting taxpayer and employee data is the IRS ' most pressing challenge . RELATED : Hackers attacked the U.S. energy grid 79 times this year Cole , the cyber security expert , points out that the IRS uses automated systems to process returns . If breached , billions of dollars in returns could be taken and the systems erased , forcing the IRS to use archives to try to reconstruct its system . "  One attack could cripple the  IRS  system , " he said . Another troubling incident happened last January when hackers hit the Army Corps of Engineers and took sensitive information about the nation 's 85,000 dams . That data included their location , condition and potential for fatalities if the dams were to be breached , according to a report by Sen. Tom Coburn , the ranking Republican on the Senate Homeland Security Committee . The uptick in security breaches is not because of a lack of spending , experts say . In fact , the Obama administration report showed that federal government agencies spent $ 10 billion on information security . The biggest culprits , experts say , are human error and a patchwork of different systems . Billions of dollars in security ca n't stop an employee from clicking a malicious link . "  There is no patch for a stupid user , " said Zheng , who once oversaw a government cyber warfare program . Indeed , this year 's Obama administration report found that so-called phishing attacks -- where users are duped into clicking links that open systems to hackers -- are the most widely reported cyber incident . In an ominous bit of foreshadowing of the Sony hack , National Intelligence Director James Clapper told Congress earlier this year that "  the likelihood of a destructive attack that deletes information or renders systems inoperable will increase . " Now , some experts say , an answer to the Sony hack is crucial . "  We need to have a response whether it 's an industry or a government response so that folks understand there is a penalty here , " Zheng said . "  If they go unpunished , the message that sends is detrimental . " RELATED : 5 lessons from the Sony hack	A CNN review of cyber attacks on federal agencies shows such breaches are a growing problem The number of cyber attacks on government systems has jumped 35 percent in three years One of the biggest culprits is human error , experts say Some of the victims include systems at the White House and Department of Energy
CNN  -- For 17 years , Ted Kaczynski meticulously prepared his instruments of death from a cabin on a remote piece of property in western Montana . The former math professor eschewed modern comforts , like electricity or water , in the small wooden building where he made the mail bombs that would make him infamous . He also drew up an angry 35,000-word anti-technology manifesto . The "  Unabomber " killed three people and wounded 23 others in a string of attacks from 1978 to 1995 . The cabin is long gone , housed in the Newseum in Washington , D.C. Kaczynski , 68 , is long gone , too . He is serving a life sentence at a federal supermax prison in Colorado . All that 's left in Lincoln , Montana , are the notoriety for about 1,500 townspeople and the 1.4 acres Kaczynski once owned a few miles south of town . Now the property is for sale , recently reduced from $ 154,500 to $ 69,500 . "  It 's very secluded . Hardly any one goes up there , " says John Pistelak , who runs a realty company in town and is handling the sale . "  I 've had all kinds of calls . " The land is much quieter than it was in the weeks after the arrest as agents scoured it for clues into the Unabomber 's diabolic plans and anger . A few bottles and the remains of a root cellar are still evident , according to Pistelak . A real estate brochure reads , "  Own a Piece of U.S. History : Home of the Unabomber . " It also touts the plot 's proximity to wilderness areas and "  great fishing and hunting . " Read the real estate brochure Pistelak acknowledges the land normally would go for no more than $ 50,000 . But this wooded patch of land , which is being sold by a friend of his , is different , Pistelak says . "  With the history , it 's got to be worth something , " he said . Wendy Gehring , who knew Kaczynski and was a neighbor , said she does n't buy the man 's reputation as a naturalist . "  I have nothing good to say about him , " she told CNN Saturday , saying he looked down on her because she is a woman . "  The town does n't really give a rat 's ass about Ted Kaczynski . " Gehring and her husband , Clifford , operate a lumber business and saw mill . Kaczynski complained about the noise and said it disturbed his peace , Gehring said . For a while , the Unabomber lived a hermit 's life , later emerging to ride his bicycle to town . "  We thought he was D.B. Cooper , " said Gehring , referring to the famous hijacker who disappeared after parachuting from a flight , likely over Washington state , in 1971 . Clifford Gehring identified Kaczynski when agents made the April 1996 arrest on the property . It has not been inhabited since the arrest . A prospective buyer could run power on the property from a few lots down , Pistelak told CNN Saturday . Kaczynski quit a tenure-track position at the University of California-Berkeley in 1969 and , soon after , he and a brother built the shack . Federal agents gave the case the code name "  Unabom " because universities and airlines were the early targets . Along with the deaths and injuries he inflicted , Kaczynski threatened to blow up airplanes , and placed a bomb on one flight in 1979 , forcing the plane to make an emergency landing when a fire broke out in the cargo hold . Agents closed in after his brother noted similarities between his old letters and journals and the bomber 's manifesto . Some areas on the property are surrounded by chain-link fences , vestiges of the federal investigation . Interestingly , Pistelak says , there are no gates in the fences . In 1999 , Kaczynski told Time magazine he "  would rather get the death penalty than spend the rest of my life in prison . " In an interview at the federal prison in Florence , Colorado , he also said he is sane . "  I do n't get delusions and so on and so forth . I mean , I had very serious problems with social adjustment in adolescence , and a lot of people would call this a sickness . But it would have to be distinguished between an organic illness , like schizophrenia or something like that . " Kaczynski said he pleaded guilty in 1998 only to stop his lawyers from arguing that he was a paranoid schizophrenic , as court-appointed psychiatrists had diagnosed . Kaczynski wrote a book , "  Truth Versus Lies . " In it , he said his brother 's decision to turn him in was a way of settling a sibling rivalry . His brother was jealous "  over the fact that our parents valued me more highly . " In the Unabomber Manifesto , Kaczynski claimed a moral high ground for his bombing campaign , justifying the attacks in the name of preserving humanity and nature from the relentless onslaught of technology and exploitation . But in his journals , the government said , Kaczynski scoffed at environmental ideals . The journals , found by FBI investigators in his Montana mountain cabin , revealed a cynical , apparently sexually confused killer who delighted in his deadly explosions and cared little for the outside world . "  I believe in nothing , " Kaczynski wrote . "  I do n't even believe in the cult of nature-worshipers or wilderness-worshipers .  I am perfectly ready to litter in parts of the woods that are of no use to me -- I often throw cans in logged-over areas .  " Of his killings , Kaczynski wrote : "  My motive for doing what I am going to do is simply personal revenge . " The Unabomber got no sympathy from victims and their families . Susan Mosser , who lost her husband in a Unabomber attack , urged the federal judge to "  make the sentence bullet-proof , or bomb-proof , lock him so far down that when he does die , he 'll be closer to hell . That 's where the devil belongs . "	Property formerly owned by Ted Kaczynski is for sale in Montana As the "  Unabomber , " he killed three people and wounded 23 1.4 acres are being sold for $ 69,500
A judge threw out a high-profile murder case Monday against Shrien Dewani , who was accused of killing his wife while they were on their honeymoon in South Africa . Judge Jeanette Traverso called the state 's case "  weak " and said evidence fell "  far below " the standard needed for conviction . It took years for prosecutors to bring him to trial over the killing of his wife , Anni . Dewani , 34 , was accused of hiring hit men to kill her in Cape Town in November 2010 . He has repeatedly denied orchestrating the killing , pleading not guilty at the start of the trial in October . South African authorities were locked in a three-year court battle to get Dewani extradited from the UK to face trial . But after the prosecution put forward its witnesses , the defense sought to have the charges dropped , citing a lack of evidence . Differences seen in witnesses ' accounts Traverso found there was no reasonable chance a court would convict Dewani unless he took the stand and incriminated himself , CNN legal analyst Kelly Phelps said Monday . Other witnesses contradicted each other and could not be taken at face value because they were accomplices to the killing of Anni Dewani , Phelps explained . She said it was likely that the judge 's decision would be the end of the case , because the prosecution "  can only appeal if the judge erred on a matter of law . " Addressing reporters outside the court , National Prosecuting Authority  NPA  spokesman Nathi Mncube referred to "  a lack of understanding " in the case . "  Firstly we have three people who have been convicted in this case , ideally you would want to have all conspirators all tried together at the same time , but unfortunately that could not happen , not because of the NPA or anyone else , but because of the fact that we could not extradite Mr. Dewani in time so that he could be tried with the other three accused , " Mncube said . The killing took place during a taxi ride through a township on the edge of Cape Town , just over two weeks after the couple 's wedding . The taxi driver , Zola Tongo , confessed within weeks of the bride 's death that he had hired two men to kill her . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said Dewani paid him to carry out the killing and to make it look as though the couple were the victims of a carjacking . Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing . His two accomplices also received lengthy sentences for their role in the crime . One of them died of brain cancer in October , The Guardian reported . Family hoping for answers Dewani , a care home owner , returned to the United Kingdom after his wife 's death . He avoided extradition to South Africa on mental health grounds during a lengthy court battle , but he was eventually sent back in April to face trial . What 's life like in a South African prison ? Psychiatric experts said that he was suffering from post-traumatic stress disorder and depression and that he 'd tried to take his life . Before his extradition , he was held at a secure mental health unit in southwest England . But in August , he was declared fit to stand trial after undergoing psychiatric observation , according to South African media . An indictment in the case said he faced charges including conspiracy to commit kidnapping , robbery with aggravating circumstances , murder and kidnapping , the South African Press Association reported . Dewani , from Bristol in southwest England , said his wife was the victim of a carjacking and denied any involvement in the killing .	Shrien Dewani was accused of orchestrating the killing of his wife in Cape Town Judge Jeanette Traverso called the state 's case "  weak " A taxi driver and two other men have been convicted of the 2010 murder
CNN  -- When J.R. Martinez returned from serving in Iraq , he never thought he 'd see his name on the marquee at the local restaurant -- but there it was , a welcome-home banner at the Applebee 's in Dalton , Georgia . More than 40 percent of J.R. Martinez 's body was burned in a land mine explosion in Iraq . He certainly never imagined he 'd be starring in a popular daytime soap opera , either . But Martinez , 25 , has never let the severe burns he received while serving in the United States Army stop him . He spoke with CNN 's Nicole Lapin about overcoming odds and being an inspiration for young people . Watch Nicole Lapin interview J.R. Martinez " The following is an edited transcript of the interview . Nicole Lapin : You told your mom you 'd come back in one piece . You 're obviously back in one piece . You came back burned . What happened ? J.R. Martinez : Well , April 5 , 2003 , I was driving a Humvee through a city called Karbala in Iraq . My job in the military -- in the Army -- was infantry , and as we were driving , my front left tire hit a land mine and I was trapped inside the vehicle . The other three guys , the other three soldiers walked away with minor injuries , which I 'm thankful for every single day . I was trapped inside the vehicle for about ten minutes , conscious and can literally see my life slipping away from me . You know , my mother is my best friend and I kind of had the visual of my mother , and them handing her a flag and I thought to myself , that 's not something I want to put my mother through . So it 's one of those things where we do n't know how strong we are until we 're faced with things in life and I got through it . Lapin : You did . -LSB- A viewer -RSB- has a question for you about what kept you going . She says , "  First of all , I want to sincerely say thank you for defending our freedom . My question is , during the time of the explosion , how did you keep yourself going ? " Martinez : Well , when I was a young child , one of my sisters passed away from an illness she was born with . She was born in Central America and I was born here in the United States and I never met her , but I always felt the connection throughout my whole childhood . I felt the connection with my sister and I was confused as to why . And the day of my injury when I was inside the vehicle and I can literally see my life slipping away , an actual visual of my sister came to me and told me I was going to be OK and told me I 'd be fine . And after that sweet whisper went away , they pulled me out of the vehicle and got me immediately into the medical team 's hands . So I guess you could say faith , my sister , my mother -- all the things that kind of kept me grounded as a young child that my mother instilled in me at a young age : to be strong and to hold on to certain things in life because they 'll get you through . Like I said , it 's something that 's hard to explain , but I know a lot of guys that have been injured in the military or people that have been injured outside the military in the civilian world . And I am just like , "  How did you make it ? " It 's just like , we do n't know , we just hang in there . Lapin : You just do it . Martinez : Yeah , you just do it . All of us had it inside us . We just do n't know it until we 're faced with it and that 's when the true strength really shows . Lapin : Well , you went through 32 surgeries over 34 months . Was there ever a time where you said , "  Woe is me " ? Martinez : Yeah , I 'm definitely human and there are a lot of bad days . Even being in the soap opera world , there are still days where you wake up and you 're like , "  Here we go again . " Another obstacle -LSB- is -RSB- where I have to go into the public and show my face and catch those looks of people here in New York . It 's one of those things where you 've just got to get through it , and you 've got to fight the obstacles and you 've got to be strong and you say , "  You know what ? I have hope and I believe and I 'm never going to quit . " And if you do those things , you 'll be surprised where your life can take you because , as I said in one of the interviews I did , only in America where this can happen , you can go from losing your life to now being on a soap opera . Lapin : We 're looking at a picture of you in a soap opera right now , "  All My Children . " J.R. , sitting in that hospital bed watching soap operas with your mother , did you ever think you 'd actually be in one ? Martinez : You know , it 's funny . You 've got to be careful what you wish for in life . When I was in the hospital I could n't move . I could n't do anything . I was basically at the hands of medical staff and my mother , and every night my mother would watch novela , the Spanish soap opera . And there was n't nothing I could do about it . So I just sat there . And finally I just got to a point where I 'm just going to take it in and watch TV with her . And one day out of a joke I said , "  One day I 'm going to be on a soap opera , mom . " All through my recovery I started to do motivational speaking . I became a spokesman for a non-profit called the Coalition to Salute America 's Heroes , which helps wounded troops who return from Iraq and Afghanistan . And I always thought to myself , "  In the midst of all this , I would maybe love to touch that world some day , just to kind of play with it for a little bit . " And here I am . Lapin : So you had a little premonition . Martinez : Yeah , so you 've got to be careful what you wish for in life because you never know what can happen . Now , in the role in "  All My Children , " it 's a veteran who falls in love and because of his disfigurement , he does n't know if that person is going to accept him . He kind of feels that it 's best for her to move on with her life and not to be a part of his and his struggle . Lapin : -LSB- Another viewer -RSB- has a question . He wants to know , "  Your story is amazing . I wanted to ask you if it has been tough to relive the terrible pain of your real life during your filming of ` All My Children ' ? " Martinez : A lot of us , we go through things in life sometimes and we do n't want to sit there and go back to remember it , but it 's good to go back and remember it and it 's good to talk about it , whether it 's to yourself or a piece of paper or whether it 's to an audience or a camera like I am doing right now .	J.R. Martinez was injured by land mine in Iraq in 2003 He was trapped in Humvee as more than 40 percent of his body was burned As Martinez went through difficult recovery , he became motivational speaker He landed role on "  All My Children " soap opera playing a wounded veteran
CNN  -- Toyota has reached a settlement with two families over product liability claims following a crash that killed four family members , a spokesman for the automaker said . California Highway Patrolman Mark Saylor ; his wife , Cleofe Lastrella ; a 13-year-old daughter , Mahala ; and Saylor 's brother-in-law , Chris Lastrella , were killed when a Lexus sedan they were in accelerated uncontrollably on a freeway near San Diego last year and crashed over an embankment . Lexus is a division of Toyota . "  Toyota and the Saylor and Lastrella families reached an amicable agreement in mediation that fully resolves their product liability claims against Toyota and a Lexus dealership , " Brian R. Lyons said . "  Through mutual respect and cooperation , we were able to resolve this matter without the need for litigation . " Lyons said the company and two families "  wish to keep the amount of the settlement confidential . " Saylor family attorney John Gomez told CNN affiliate KGTV in San Diego that as part of the settlement , Toyota did not admit liability . An investigation revealed the accelerator pedal in the car probably became trapped on an all-weather floor mat that had been incorrectly installed in the vehicle . Toyota issued a recall to address possible floor mat entrapment . A 911 recording obtained by KGTV reveals a desperate call from inside the car as it approached the end of the freeway . "  We 're in trouble . We ca n't ... there 's no brakes , " Chris Lastrella said . "  End freeway half mile . " CNN 's Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Attorney : Toyota does not admit liability Four family members were killed in a Lexus crash last year 911 call : "  There 's no brakes " Investigation : An accelerator pedal probably became stuck on a floor mat
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova powered her way to a first Wimbledon final in seven years after she brushed aside Sabine Lisicki to set up a meeting with Petra Kvitova . The Russian claimed her first ever Grand Slam title as a 17-year-old back in 2004 and recovered from an early wobble against German wildcard Lisicki to triumph 6-4 6-3 . Standing in between Sharapova and the fourth major championship of her career will be Kvitova , from the Czech Republic , after she beat Belarusian fourth seed Victoria Azarenka 6-1 3-6 6-2 . Sharapova told reporters after her match : "  It 's amazing to be back in the final at Wimbledon , it 's been a while . "  I 'm really happy even though I did n't play my best tennis today . To be in the final is a great achievement for me but I still feel like I 've got more to do . " The final looked a long way off when the fifth seed slumped to 3-0 down in the opening set , after a series of untimely double faults handed Lisicki the advantage . But when the German squandered a chance to go into a 4-0 lead Sharapova burst into life and took six of the next seven games to secure the first set . She then raced into a 5-1 lead in the second before Lisicki secured a break of service to give her a lifeline , but it was quickly snuffed out as the Russian broke back immediately to secure her place in Saturday 's showpiece final . Kvitova , who lost in the semifinal stage last year to Serena Williams , is the first left-handed player to reach the final since compatriot Martina Navratilova in 1990 , and the 18-time major champion was watching on from the royal box . The eighth seed took a mere 27 minutes to secure the opening set , breaking her opponent 's serve twice and registering six aces on her way to a 6-1 success . But Azarenka -- the highest seed left in the final four -- recovered her composure and roared back into contention in the second set , securing two breaks to take it 6-3 . That setback only inspired Kvitova to greater heights as she grabbed the initiative with a 3-1 lead in the decider and watched as Azarenka served a double fault to hand her victory . She told reporters : "  I saw Martina  Navratilova  in the locker room and she wished me good luck . I 'm so happy but I do n't really believe I am in the final . This is the best day of my life . " "  I started really well , all match it was about serve so I was happy mine went well in the third set . In the beginning it was close but after I broke her , I played well and she was a little bit down I think . "  She played very well in the second set and it was tough after that but I tried to play it as if it was a normal game and not the Wimbledon semifinal . " Azarenka acknowledged she was beaten by the better player and said Kvitova is well capable of securing an upset against the favorite Sharapova . "  I probably could have played better but when I had chances she really came up with the good stuff , " she said . "  I think she can beat anybody any day , because right now she has a really good game . She 's really going for it . If she 's going to play like this , like she played today , I 'm sure she has all the chances to win the next match . "	Maria Sharapova will play Petra Kvitova in the ladies final at Wimbledon Russian fifth seed Sharapova beats German Sabine Lisicki 6-4 6-3 Czech eighth seed Kvitova triumphs 6-1 3-6 6-2 over Victoria Azarenka It is Sharapova 's first Wimbledon final since she won in 2004
CNN  -- People have used animal imagery in their decorating since they were painting ancient beasts on cave walls . There 's nothing new about the look , Elle Decor interiors editor Robert Rufino said , but there is a modern approach trotting through homes . The current way to use animal prints , figurines , imagery , hides and bones in home decor is full of whimsy , he said . It takes the old-world tradition of stately trophies to a very fun place . "  People have learned to pare down , " he said . "  More people are spending more time at home , and there 's a freedom , " in the way modern homebodies are decorating . "  It looks like someone lives there . It has personality . " He keeps two antique , mounted deer heads in his country home in New York . "  I think they are absolutely beautiful . I love their antlers , " he said . And when he 's greeted at the door by one of those handsome stags , Rufino said , "  it 's like , ` Hi ! How are you ? ' " Personality is what Walton and Chatham Creel 's Birmingham , Alabama , loft exudes . They 're charmed by deer , birds and other woodland creatures , and they 've displayed a taxidermy peacock and fox as well as some of Walton Creel 's original artwork -- deer , owl and opossum figures shaped from bullet holes . "  The opossum is the most divisive of all the animals , " Walton Creel said of the animal decor in their home . "  Some people are thrilled by it , but others ca n't stand it . " And that 's where use of animals in decorating gets controversial , Rufino said . Taxidermy animals , deer antlers and animal skin rugs , although considered high style , are not necessarily as accepted today as they were a century ago , Rufino said . In the same way that people choose not to wear a fur coat , he said , people might choose not to decorate with organic animal parts . "  Everyone has their phobias , " he said . That 's partially why reproductions and abstract versions -- animal print textiles , ceramic sculpture and "  fauxidermy , " for example -- are in vogue , Rufino said . "  I think the problem that people have with taxidermy is when it does not make sense , " Creel said . "  When you see a random animal head on a wall it usually looks out of place , but when you go to a museum of natural history , the animals are presented in a scene . We have tried to do that , " he said of his loft 's menagerie . One of the focal points in the Creels ' living room is their collection of antique deer antlers . "  We started buying antlers at flea markets and antique stores , " Creel said . "  We thought about placing them on a wall in a hunting lodge presentation , but then we found an antique baby wash tub and thought they would make a great centerpiece . " "  Everyone has liked them , " he said , "  or they have been too nice to say otherwise . " So how can you take advantage of modern animal trends in home decor ? Here are some lessons from this week 's Open House contributors : Animal prints are the new beige "  I 've used animal prints in pretty much every room . I feel like animal prints are a neutral and I tend to use them in their natural color or off-white . " -- Laurie Jones "  I love animal prints such as leopard and zebra because they act as a neutral and go with virtually any color scheme and style . It brings a global feel to a room while somehow managing to add whimsy and sophistication at the same time . " -- Krista Byers Take animals seriously , but play with decor "  I love animals and I love having them in my home . Of course it 's all faux decor because I do n't want any animals to get hurt to be in my home . It 's the perfect addition of quirkiness and I need it in every room . " -- Julia Konya "  Foxes are very much the new owl . The woodlands is a great decor trend to follow because it can vary from super sweet and playful to a more dark and mysterious side of the spectrum . " -- Walton Creel Remember that a little goes a long way "  I think it 's important when designing a space with animal prints , just as in fashion , to pair the piece with more subdued patterns or solid colors . You want the print to pop and not compete with other decor elements . " -- Jana Bek "  My updated-cottage style living room needed a new chair and I wanted something unique . The chair already had cool ball and claw feet , which inspired my choice for animal print upholstery . " -- Sarah Macklem Enjoy rugs for their durability and unique shape "  I specifically wanted to use a cowhide rug for its durability . It does n't stain ! You can spill red wine and not worry about it ! That makes it an ideal choice for a room where eating is the primary purpose . " -- Jae Vinson "  I often recommend animal hide rugs -- Jonathan Adler has gorgeous faux ones if you wanta cruelty-free option -- because the organic shape can bring interest to any space . Real hide rugs are completely stain repellent so are perfect for high traffic areas or city living . " -- Jana Bek Consider sentiment and stories "  I purchased the white ceramic dog because it looks just like my dog , Jack . The ceramic dog is sitting on top of my late grandparents ' 1920s buffet in our dining room . Since the buffet has a very antique look to it , I wanted to use more modern looking accessories . " -- Chelsea McDonnough "  One morning while searching my usual favorite categories on  Craigslist  , I typed in ` antlers ' thinking fall was on the way and some loose antlers would be nice accessories . To my surprise , this huge mounted pair was listed , ` free to a good home . ' After I rushed over to pick them up , the man told me that the family story was that his grandfather had acquired the antlers in Alaska in 1910 . " -- Jennifer Griffin	Animal hides and bones have been a part of decor since ancient times Modern versions involve cruelty-free animal decor , like "  fauxidermy " iReporter : "  Some people are thrilled by it , but others ca n't stand it " For the next Open House assignment , show us your Halloween vignettes .
When Secretary of State John Kerry first took office he talked of changing Syrian President Bashar al-Assad 's calculus . Assad "  needs to know that he ca n't shoot his way out of this , " Kerry said in March at a Rome meeting with members of the Syrian opposition . When he and Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov first conceived the idea of bringing the regime and the opposition together for peace talks in Geneva , they believed strengthened international support for both the political opposition and rebel forces would leave the Syrian leader ready to negotiate his own ouster . U.S. policy since then has had the opposite effect . Assad 's calculus has indeed changed . The political opposition is on the verge of collapse , rebel groups now having to battle the growing strength of Islamist forces on the ground , and his regime is at the center of implementing an international deal to rid the country of chemical weapons . He heads to Geneva believing the false narrative that he is even more powerful . As his forces continue to kill thousands each week from barrel bombs with impunity , Assad has no reason to think he ca n't shoot his way out of the crisis . Representatives of Syria 's main opposition group voted Saturday to attend next week 's peace talks in Geneva . Leading up to the vote , the opposition was bitterly divided on whether to attend at all . Members of the opposition suggest that the United States is setting them up to fail by not providing the Free Syrian Army with sufficient resources to change the balance of power on the ground . "  Is the opposition being set up for success by United States , not just to participate in a conference that will lead to a political solution , but being empowered to ensure success of the stated objectives of Geneva ? " asked Oubai Shahbandar , a senior adviser to the opposition . "  It is the position of the opposition that you can not have a successful political process if the U.S. does n't also increase its support . Right now , the regime thinks its winning . They think they have successfully avoided military strikes , western sanctions and repercussions for continued war crimes . It is these components that make any successful outcomes of Geneva unlikely , " Shahbandar said . For months , U.S. Ambassador to Syria Robert Ford has shuttled to Turkey to meet with members of the Syrian National Council . In preparing for Geneva , Ford and other U.S. officials repeatedly urged the opposition to present a transition plan that saw the group playing a major role in a post al-Assad government , which could include some elements of the current government . Now the group is being implored to just show up . The Obama administration maintains it still believes al-Assad should step down . But rather than hand over power , he is talking about running for re-election this spring in what is all but certain to be a fraudulent election . And the opposition , whose legitimacy is mostly conferred upon them by the international community , appears to be in no position to force his hand . "  The Syrian opposition is in a space capsule heading toward Geneva and breaking up in the atmosphere and this may be one of the West 's biggest failures , " says Salman Sheikh , director of the Brookings Doha Center . "  Geneva has put unbearable pressure on an opposition that has always lacked unity and direction and this has a great bearing for any process the international powers are looking to launch , " Sheikh said . Having lacked resolve to either use force against al-Assad or arm the opposition , and with no coming together of the Security Council on even the growing humanitarian crisis , the Obama administration now has fewer tools in the toolbox . What 's left is the diplomatic "  fig leaf " of Geneva , which few people besides Kerry believe is more than an effort to check the diplomatic box and manage some sort of response to the Syrian crisis , rather than demonstrating the mettle to find a solution . "  Despite how everyone tries to dress it up , this is not the right kind of place for the U.S. to be on what is shaping up to be the biggest humanitarian disaster of this century and which is promising to have the largest loss of life and bloodiest conflict the Middle East has seen , " Sheikh said . "  But there is no alternative . It is all we have , so now have to go through it and hope for something after Geneva . I think it is a misreading of the situation and the whole region . I 'm not sure they can stand many more months of this while the ground churns , " Sheikh said . Syria 's ghost homes , ravaged by war Moreover , there is no agreement in terms of what the parameters of the Geneva talks are . The United States , United Nations and other Western and Arab countries want talks on a transitional government . The Syrian regime , Russia and Iran - who wo n't be there as a participant but with thousands of fighters on the ground helping the regime will be the elephant in the room - believe Geneva is about fighting the growing Islamic insurgency and rehabilitating al-Assad . With al Qaeda forces continuing to capture territory and even checkpoints on the border with Turkey , narrative of al-Assad as savior is stronger . Even as Washington is turning up the pressure on the opposition to join the talks , the administration is significantly lowering expectations . U.S. officials concede merely getting the opposition and the regime in the room would be a success . "  When we first conceptualized the conference , we believed that we would be able to help form a transitional government and that would be that , " one senior State Department official acknowledged . "  But we understand achieving political progress is more challenging eight months later . " The first direct talks between the two sides after three years of conflict would be a milestone . To jumpstart negotiations over a political transition , Kerry said he and Lavrov are seeking confidence-building measures , including possible local ceasefires , access for delivery of humanitarian aid and exchange of prisoners . Agreement on these issues would also be no small feat . With progress toward a transitional government highly unlikely , the conference will now focus as much on the humanitarian crisis as it will on discussions about Syria 's political future . "  The humanitarian situation has taken on a greater importance . It is an enormous crisis and it is appropriate to focus on that , " another senior U.S. official said . "  We still have a desire to see a transitional government and nobody is giving up with that . But we are also thinking about what our other objectives are , " the official said . 81 days captive in Syria Having accepted the fact that Geneva is not likely be a turning point for the conflict , the administration now says it hopes Geneva will be the beginning of a "  process . " But there is wide trepidation among the Syrian opposition about a process that is open-ended and fails to stop the violence and suffering . "  Nothing will happen overnight but it ca n't be indefinite , Shahbandar said . "  The regime will drag this process on while it continues to bomb cities and increase its starvation campaign . " In addition , any future effort to find a political solution to the Syrian conflict must focus more on broadening the participation of that process to include more Syrians with influence on the ground . "  The biggest failure of Geneva is that the regime and opposition ca n't turn the corner . They ca n't because they do n't represent the majority of Syrians , " Sheikh said . Revolutionary councils inside Syria , the backbone of the civil resistance , have been providing services to the people and are increasingly becoming the de-facto representation of the Syrian opposition . But those doing the work on the ground , whether it be political or fighting , are not involved in the political process under way . He lost his leg in war and now helps others Sheikh , who meets frequently with a cross section of Syrians said that with all of its planning for a post al-Assad Syria , the international community has yet to help build an indigenous opposition in a meaningful way . "  Alawites , Christians , tribal leaders , rebel commanders and business associations all need to be brought in and they are n't , " Sheikh said . "  If I can do that in a little old think tank , how come the international community has n't been able to support that ? " Damascus softens its stance as next Geneva talks near	Assad has no reason to think he ca n't shoot his way out of crisis , Labott says Opposition suggests U.S. is setting them up to fail Administration says it hopes Geneva will be beginning of a "  process "
A Nigerian politician has been arrested for trying to smuggle almost five pounds of cocaine in his stomach in a scheme to finance his election campaign , authorities said Monday . Eme Zuru Ayortor , a 52-year-old pharmacist and a hopeful for Nigeria 's Edo State House of Assembly , was arrested at the international airport in Lagos , drug officials said . Officials became suspicious of the politician when a scanning machine in the airport revealed that he was carrying 2.120 kilograms  4.7 pounds  of cocaine in his stomach , according to the National Drug Law Enforcement Agency . Ayortor was trying to fly to Frankfurt , Germany , the agency said . "  After undergoing observation , the pharmacist turned politician excreted 100 pieces of powdery substance that tested positive to cocaine , " the agency said in a statement . "  Preliminary check on him revealed that he was preparing himself financially for the forthcoming election into the Edo State House of Assembly . " The suspect told authorities that he was hoping his status as a politician would help him avoid being arrested . "  We do not look at faces in conducting drug screening and we are not moved by credentials . Whoever is dealing in narcotics shall be exposed and prosecuted , " said Ahmadu Giade , chairman of the Nigerian drug agency .	Nigerian politician tried to smuggle almost five pounds of cocaine in his stomach Authorities said he was trying to finance his election campaign Eme Zuru Ayortor told officials he thought his status as politician would help him avoid arrest
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama welcomed area students and children of military families Sunday to celebrate Halloween at the White House . Joined by his wife , Michelle , the president handed out treats to the gaggles of costumed children gathered on the lawn . Neither the president nor his wife dressed up . The trick-or-treaters -- ranging in age from 6 to 14 -- were from schools in the Washington , D.C. , Maryland and Virginia areas , the White House said . They were greeted by a boisterous brass band and by adults dressed up as quintessential Halloween characters like Dracula and Frankenstein . Participants were given M&M 's , a sweet dough butter cookie and dried fruit . Fake spider webs and bats decorated the portico of the White House , while pumpkins spotted the yard . The celebration was a light-hearted break for Obama , who has been crisscrossing the country in full campaign mode ahead of Tuesday 's congressional elections . At stake are all 435 House seats and 37 of the 100 Senate seats , along with almost 40 gubernatorial races . His Democratic party is poised to lose seats in both chambers , and perhaps its House majority . Speaking at a Cleveland State University rally earlier Sunday , Obama urged people to get out and vote .	Students and children of military families trick-or-treat on the president 's lawn Participants are given M&M 's , a sweet dough butter cookie and dried fruit Obama does not dress up for Halloween
CNN  -- Jacqueline Woodson 's big win at the National Book Awards on Wednesday was briefly eclipsed by a racially charged joke . After Woodson accepted an award for her memoir "  Brown Girl Dreaming , " host Daniel Handler shared an anecdote he learned over the summer : that Woodson , who is black , is allergic to watermelon . "  Just let that sink in your mind , " said Handler , who writes popular children 's books under the pen name Lemony Snicket . The non sequitur elicited a few laughs and uncomfortable titters from the audience . Handler went on to say that he advised Woodson to write a book that featured a black girl with a watermelon allergy . Watermelon is historically evoked as a favorite food among black people in racist jokes , and it 's considered by many to be an offensive reference . Handler said that Woodson , who won the National Book Award for Young People 's Literature , told him he should write the book instead . "  I 'm only writing a book about a black girl who is allergic to watermelon if I get a blurb from you , Cornell West , Toni Morrison , and Barack Obama saying this guy 's OK , " Handler said , with a laugh . After a clip from the awards ceremony was posed on C-SPAN , viewers and some prominent writers quickly took to Twitter to denounce Handler 's comments as racist and a distraction from Woodson 's accomplishment . Handler responded with several apologetic tweets , including : "  My remarks on Wednesday night at #NBAwards were monstrously inappropriate and yes , racist . " Handler also pledged to donate $ 10,000 to the We Need Diverse Books campaign and match others ' donations for 24 hours up to $ 100,000 . Woodson 's post-ceremony social media posts have expressed her happiness about the award and have not mentioned Handler 's joke . The author did not respond to a request for comment on the incident . Other 2014 National Book Award winners included : Fiction : Phil Klay , "  Redeployment " Nonfiction : Evan Osnos , "  Age of Ambition : Chasing Fortune , Truth , and Faith in the New China " Poetry : Louise Gluck , "  Faithful and Virtuous Night "	Jacqueline Woodson won the National Book Award for the memoir "  Brown Girl Dreaming " After she accepted the award , "  Lemony Snicket " author Daniel Handler shared a story Handler said he told Woodson to write about a black girl who is allergic to watermelon Handler later apologized for the joke , which many denounced as "  racist " and inappropriate
London  CNN  -- Police hunting the would-be killer of a former Russian banker gunned down outside his east London home have appealed for help to trace the taxi driver who dropped him off shortly before he was attacked . German Gorbuntsov , 45 , was shot several times last Tuesday evening , as he walked into an apartment block on Byng Street in the Isle of Dogs , near the Canary Wharf business district . London 's Metropolitan Police say they are treating the shooting as attempted murder . Gorbuntsov remains in a critical but stable condition in an unnamed London hospital . Detectives say they want to speak to a cab driver who picked him up in Bishopsgate , in London 's financial district , at 1900 GMT on Tuesday , and drove him to Byng Street , where he got out of the taxi shortly before 1930 GMT . No arrests have been made and police have not revealed details of the weapon used in the attack , though Russia 's Kommersant daily reported that Gorbuntsov was shot with a sub-machine-gun . "  The shooting is not thought to be gang related or linked to any other incidents " in the area , the Metropolitan Police said in a statement . "  Officers retain an open mind regarding the motive for the attack at this time . " Kommersant cited Gorbuntsov 's Russian lawyer , Vadim Vedenin , as saying the attack could be linked to an ongoing investigation into the attempted murder of another Russian banker , Aleksandr Antonov , in Moscow in 2009 . Gorbuntsov reportedly formerly owned banks in Russia and Moldova , a former Soviet republic which gained independence from Russia in 1991 . Russia 's state news agency RIA Novosti reports that Gorbuntsov is wanted in Moldova on several charges , including an illegal bank takeover and embezzlement . But Gorbuntsov 's Moldovan lawyer Valery Andronik told Kommersant that his client believed any threat to his safety came from within Russia . He is among a number of well-connected Russians , some of them at odds with Vladimir Putin 's government , to have moved to London in recent years . British media have drawn links between this latest potential assassination attempt and the poisoning death of a dissident former Russian spy in London in 2006 . Alexander Litvinenko , a vehement critic of President Putin , was a former KGB agent who came to Britain in 2000 after turning whistle-blower on the FSB , the KGB 's successor . He died at a London hospital November 23 , 2006 , after being poisoned by the radioactive material polonium-210 . In a deathbed statement he blamed Putin , an accusation the Kremlin has strongly denied . Authorities in London want Russia to extradite Andrei Lugovoi , suspected in the killing , but Russia has repeatedly refused . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark , Bharati Naik and Aliza Kassim contributed to this report .	Former Russian banker German Gorbuntsov shot outside his home in east London Attacker was reportedly armed with a sub-machine-gun ; Gorbuntsov is critically ill Police want to speak to taxi driver who dropped victim off shortly before attack
CNN  -- A top Mexican drug trafficker has been arrested by Mexican police , authorities said Wednesday . Luis Rodriguez Olivera , alias "  El Guero , " was arrested at Mexico City 's airport Tuesday , federal police said in a statement . The United States was offering a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Rodriguez 's capture . Rodriguez , 39 , is accused of money laundering and importing , possessing and distributing cocaine into the United States . According to Mexico 's Ministry of Public Security , Rodriguez and his brothers Esteban , Daniel and Miguel were part of a criminal ring known as Los Gueritos , who smuggled drugs into the United States between 1996 and 2008 . The crew worked under the leadership of Mexico 's most-wanted fugitive , Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman , the leader of the Sinaloa cartel . Of the other brothers , Esteban was arrested in 2008 , and Miguel was killed in a shootout in August , the ministry said . The Rodriguez brothers were indicted in New York in 2009 for drug trafficking . The U.S. State Department offered the hefty reward for Luis Rodriguez 's capture . While Mexican authorities said Wednesday that Rodriguez was associated with the Sinaloa cartel , U.S. officials offered a slightly different biography of the trafficker . According to American authorities , Rodriguez and his gang broke away from El Chapo 's federation around 2005 and tried to work independently . Eventually , pressured by the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels , the Rodriguez brothers moved their operations to Leon , Guanajuato , and established a strong relationship with the Zetas drug cartel . Rodriguez 's arrest was the second important drug trafficking arrest made in two weeks . Last week , Mexican army special forces arrested a top lieutenant for El Chapo . Troops arrested Felipe Cabrera Sarabia in the northwestern state of Sinaloa . Cabrera , who was responsible for the activities of the Sinaloa cartel in Durango and the southern part of the state of Chihuahua , was detained after fleeing from Durango , officials said . He is charged with possessing firearms reserved for use by the army and falsification of a public document , officials said .	Luis Rodriguez Olivera was arrested Tuesday at Mexico City airport Authorities say he has worked for several cartels The United States offered a $ 5 million reward for him
CNN  The chairman of the Iowa Republican Party says he has n't heard yet from former Gov. Jeb Bush about his interest in the 2016 presidential race . "  If it 's Valentine 's Day and I still have n't heard from him I 'll be surprised , " Jeff Kaufmann told the Wall Street Journal on Wednesday . While Bush campaigned for 2014 candidates last year , he did n't hit the early primary states like Iowa and New Hampshire , which hold the first two nominating contests and where other potential presidential contenders have already made frequent visits . The former Florida governor last month went to South Carolina , which holds the first-in-the-South primary , to speak to graduates at the University of South Carolina , but he has n't engaged in the traditional , on-the-ground retail politicking that 's expected in some of these early states . Bush only recently announced that he 's "  actively " exploring a presidential bid , and his team and supporters have quickly started organizing behind the scenes to form political action committees that will help him travel to meet with voters and donors as he also campaigns for non-presidential candidates . His leadership PAC , Right to Rise , held its first fundraiser Wednesday night in Greenwich , Connecticut , which was attended by former high profile figures in the administration of his brother , George W. Bush . GOP strategist Ford O'Connell said now is the time for Bush to focus on doing the behind-the-scenes action like securing financial commitments and organizing his team so he can be better positioned to ward off other potential GOP contenders . "  You got to convince these donors that you 're serious , and you have to have a pre-campaign vehicle to do it , " O'Connell said , referring to the leadership PAC . Bush has declined to attend a social conservative gathering in Iowa later this month that will feature a hoard of other potential candidates , like Chris Christie , Mike Huckabee , Scott Walker , Ted Cruz , Rick Perry , Ben Carson and Rick Santorum . Steve Deace , a native Iowan and conservative radio host , argued it 's a mistake for Bush to skip the Iowa Freedom Summit , which is hosted by Rep. Steve King and the conservative group Citizens United . "  If you 're not willing to speak to a conservative group that even Chris Christie is willing to speak to , you 're probably in the wrong party , " Deace said in an interview . "  If you do n't come here and let people see you -- this is true in both parties -- and let them rub elbows with you , you 're not going to win , " he added . The former governor , however , already has an advantage over the other candidates thanks to name recognition and ties to the Bush family donor network . A recent CNN/ORC International Poll indicated Bush was the frontrunner of the crowded field of possible GOP candidates , with 23 % support . Republican strategist and Bush supporter Ana Navarro , who 's also a CNN contributor , said Bush is focused on fundraising and organizing but added voters can expect Bush do some public events in the coming weeks . "  Jeb has got his groove back , " Navarro said , adding that the former governor is "  working long hours " and working hard to build his team . She stressed a similar line from the announcement of the PAC , saying that he wo n't "  cede an inch of territory " on issues or demographic groups . Bush 's spokeswoman , Kristy Campbell , did not respond to a request for comment from CNN about his travel schedule . Campbell told the Wall Street Journal that Bush "  will travel to states around the country in the coming months to support conservative candidates and causes . "	The Iowa GOP chairman says he has n't heard from Jeb Bush about a potential campaign Iowa holds the first-in-the-nation nominating contest and is considered a must-stop for likely candidates Bush is working quickly and behind the scenes to build his team and secure financial resources
CNN  -- As a woman whose parents had cancer , I have quite a few things to say about dying with dignity . In 1984 , my mother was diagnosed with stage four cancer of the ovaries , uterus , ureters , small intestine , bladder and kidney . I was 8 . She was given six months to live . She refused to accept that and sought treatment in Tampa , Florida . Her condition improved until two years later , when she was diagnosed with a brain tumor . Her body was mangled from all the surgeries . She had to wear an ostomy bag , which I learned how to change because she was so weak . She had to give up her nursing career . She had to give up the fun things in life she enjoyed doing because her body could n't take it . She no longer had the quality of life that she deserved . My father , no longer physically attracted to her , satisfied his physical needs with other women . She was too sick to give him what he physically wanted . In 1988 , when she was well enough to be at home full time , my parents separated and filed for divorce . Cancer broke their foundation of love and trust . The pain did n't stop there . In 1992 , she was diagnosed with stage four breast cancer and lost her breasts . The only part she felt that still identified her as a woman was taken away . The same year my father was diagnosed with brain cancer . He died quickly , three weeks after his diagnosis . He simply collapsed and died . My right to death with dignity at 29 For years , she suffered . It 's hard watching your mother cry over the pain . It 's hard watching your mother break down piece by piece . For years , she fought a pain pill addiction . She wanted to live so she could raise her children but in reality , she spent her time in the hospitals , operating rooms and doctor 's offices . Her hopes took a horrible turn . She suffered greatly for 17 years until 2001 when doctors found cancer on her spine . She killed herself three days later . The person who died was not my mother . She was not the funny , intelligent , strong and fierce woman I knew . The person who died was sad and had lost all hope . My last memory of my mother is of this person . Lying on the bed with a bottle of pills next to her and her eyes half open . There is no justice in her lasting legacy . She deserved better . She deserved to go in a more dignified way . Dying with dignity is more than just for the person who is dying . It 's for their loved ones . If it meant my mother leaving this world the way she was in 1984 and not in 2001 , then I would have supported her decision to do so . My last memories of her should have been when she was still full of life on the outside , even though she was dying on the inside . She chose to take her life anyway , except it was without her loved ones surrounding her saying their final words and making peace . She died alone . My sister found her . Her death was treated like a crime scene because she killed herself at home . There were no final words . No goodbyes . Nothing but the unimaginable guilt I carry with me every day because maybe I could have done something better for her . The danger of assisted suicide laws It 's not fair to throw stones at someone because they are through fighting . No one person or disease is the same , so it 's unfair to judge and compare . Just because a person decides they are done does not make them weak or selfish . Dying with dignity is a brave decision to make . It 's a decision that involves everyone , and it 's one of the greatest gifts of love that person can give to those left behind . When assisted suicide is not the answer Some say she beat cancer . She was given six months to live but lived for 17 years . But what kind of life was it ? Was it a life worth living ? She had so much to live for , but at what cost ? What kind of life was it for her children ? I can tell you it was hard . I was robbed of a childhood . It was years of struggles and tears . I would never wish what I had lived through on anyone . No child should have to see their parents suffer so much . Today , I 'm happily married and have a 4-year-old son . I would never want him to watch either one of his parents suffer . If a diagnosis is final and the options are there , I just may choose to die with dignity and end my life on my terms . If you have to explain death , how hard is it to include dying before the suffering becomes too great ? Sure , the experiences built me up to be strong and be able to handle some serious stress , and in part made me the person I am today , but I would gladly trade it back if my mother could have done things her way , when she really should have . What 's your reaction ? Stanford answered some of your questions in the comments below . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Loren Stanford .	Loren Stanford responds to the stories about Brittany Maynard , who plans to "  die with dignity " Stanford can understand , as her mother became very ill with cancer starting in 1984 Stanford 's mother committed suicide , and she wishes she could have died another way Have a personal essay of your own to share ? Submit at CNN iReport
Five university students who used the signature three-fingered salute from "  The Hunger Games " in front of Thailand 's Prime Minister were detained Wednesday and told they 'll face a charge of breaking martial law , a lawyer said . The students were taken away after flashing the salute -- popularized by the film 's central figure , Katniss Everdeen  played by Jennifer Lawrence  -- at a speech in northeastern Thailand by Prime Minister Prayuth Chan-ocha to civil servants , according to Phavinee Chumsri , from the group Thai Lawyers for Human Rights . At the time , the quintet in Khon Kaen province -- about 450 kilometers  280 miles  northeast of Bangkok -- was in a line wearing shirts bearing the words "  Do n't want a military coup , " Phavinee said . A Thai government spokesman did not respond to CNN calls for comment on the matter . But , according to Phavinee , the Khon Kaen University students were taken to a Thai army facility , Camp Sri Patcharin , where they refused to sign an agreement not to participate in political activities . They were released after about eight hours , the lawyer said , but have been asked to come back on the charge that they broke the martial law that 's been in effect in Thailand since Prayuth -- then the army 's chief -- announced in May the the country had been placed under military control . Since then , the junta imposed a series of measures purportedly aimed at restoring order and resolving the crisis , including media blackouts , curfews and bans on public assembly . Yet , the opposition has n't gone away . Hollywood has played a role in part of this movement , thanks in part to protest leader Sombat Boonngamanong . On Twitter and elsewhere , Sombat has often used pop-culture references to spread his messages . One such reference that appears to have resonated comes from the films based on the book series by Suzanne Collins . Katniss , a teenage girl who competes in a spectacle of blood lust known as the Hunger Games , displays the three-finger gesture , which becomes a symbol of revolution against a tyrannical government . The third movie installment in the series , "  The Hunger Games : Mockingjay - Part 1 , " is due to hit theaters in Thailand on Thursday . But one cinema in Bangkok canceled all showings of the movie after a pro-democracy student group bought tickets and planned to hold a meeting at the Lido Scala in the center of the city , according to Ratthapon Supasopon , of the League of Liberal Thammasart for Democracy  LLTD  . He said the management informed them of the move and refunded their money .	Lawyer : 5 Thai students flash "  Hunger Games " salute in front of Prime Minister The university students wore shirts that read , "  Do n't want a military coup " They were held for eight hours , says Thai human rights lawyer Phavinee Chimsri Protest leader Sombat Boonngamanong often employs pop culture references
CNN  -- A fishing boat carrying two NFL players and two other men capsized last month because it was improperly anchored , a Florida agency reported Friday . Nick Schuyler clings to an overturned boat in this Coast Guard photo . One man survived ; the other three are still missing . Oakland Raiders linebacker Marquis Cooper , NFL free agent Corey Smith and former University of South Florida players William Bleakley and Nick Schuyler went overboard February 28 during a fishing trip . Schuyler survived the accident , which happened 35 miles west of St. Petersburg , Florida , in the Gulf of Mexico . The Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission said the men were unable to pull up the anchor of their boat to head back to port . Cooper tried to rev the boat forward to free the anchor , but the 21-foot single engine craft then capsized . The report said that the "  improper anchoring " to a portside bracket , the attempt to throttle the boat forward to release the anchor , and the "  failure to leave enough slack anchor line to compensate for top-water Gulf conditions " caused the accident . Schuyler told his rescuers that the boat was anchored in the evening when it was overturned by waves during a storm . He told them that all four men were clinging to the boat for a time , but became separated . The four men embarked in a 21-foot single-engine boat from the Seminole Boat Ramp near Clearwater Pass about 6:30 a.m. February 28 , the Coast Guard said .	Florida agency rules bad anchoring , revving engine made boat capsize Raiders ' Marquis Cooper , NFL free agent Corey Smith , William Bleakley missing Nick Schuyler survived the February 28 accident in Gulf of Mexico
Washington  CNN  -- Tread marks in a footprint at one of the sites of recent paint vandalism in Washington matched the tread on a shoe belonging to the woman charged in one of the incidents , a police detective testified Friday . The testimony came during a probable cause hearing in District of Columbia Superior Court for Jiamei Tian , charged with destruction of property in the splattering of green paint in two locations inside the National Cathedral . A judge ruled that she will be released to a halfway house until her next hearing . Judge Frederick Sullivan said Tian must wear an ankle monitor and that she will be allowed no social visits , meaning no one can visit her and she can not leave the halfway house . It was unclear how quickly Tian would be released to the halfway house . A status hearing in her case was set for August 29 . The 58-year-old Tian was dressed in a navy jumpsuit and appeared calm throughout the hearing , during which the government called two law enforcement witnesses . Tian followed the proceedings with the help of an interpreter . According to court documents , Tian had a visa allowing her to be in the United States that expired on Saturday . She had traveled on a Chinese passport . Prosecutors argued after her arrest that she was a serious flight risk with no fixed address . But the judge , explaining his ruling Friday to release her to a halfway house , said , "  Holding somebody without bond is a very extreme remedy , which in many respects abridges a presumption of innocence . " The Department of Immigration and Customs Enforcement  ICE  had placed an immigration detainer on the woman but lifted that Friday . "  Based on the judge 's orders , ICE is lifting the detainer on Tian ... and enrolling her in Alternatives to Detention so ICE can closely monitor her while she is in removal proceedings , " said agency spokesman Brandon A. Montgomery . Alternatives to Detention is a federal program of supervised monitoring for people who are in immigration removal proceedings but who do not require detention . Tian was arrested Monday after paint was discovered splattered on an organ console and casework inside the historic Bethlehem Chapel , located in the National Cathedral 's lower level . A spokesman said the paint was wet when it was discovered . Paint also was found in the Children 's Chapel , located in the cathedral 's nave . When officers arrested her , Tian had green paint on her clothes and shoes , and paint cans were found in three bags she had with her , according to a police report obtained by CNN . If found guilty , she could face up to 10 years in prison and a $ 5,000 fine . U.S. Park Police say Tian is a "  person of interest " in other recent paint incidents , including the splattering of green paint at the Lincoln Memorial and on a statue outside the Smithsonian Castle , but Park Police Sgt. Paul Brooks said the investigation into those incidents is still ongoing . No other paint incidents have been reported since Tian 's arrest on Monday . At the hearing Friday , city police Detective Wai Tat Chung testified in the Cathedral case , saying another detective who investigated the Lincoln Memorial incident told him the tread on the suspect 's shoes matched a footprint found at that site . "  He said the shoe and the prints matched , " Chung told the court . A fourth landmark in Washington - Luther Place Memorial Church -- was also marred with paint last week . Church officials found green paint on a statue of Martin Luther and later the pastor and organist found white paint mixed with feces and urine splattered on the front of the organ and up onto the organ pipes and the chairs where the choir sits . After Tian 's arrest , witnesses at the church recalled seeing her in a service there on Sunday . "  There were a few people here incuding our pastor who recognized her from the TV , " said Jack Reiffer , the parish administrator at the church . Reiffer said police had taken paint samples from the church to compare it to the paint found at other sites .	Jiamei Tian was arrested Monday after paint vandalism at Washington 's National Cathedral A judge rules that she will go to a halfway house until her next hearing in four weeks Prosecutors had argued that Tian , who traveled on a Chinese passport , was a flight risk A detective says tread marks at another vandalism site match Tian 's shoe
More people have been infected with measles in the United States during the first four months of this year than have been infected in the first four months of the past 18 years , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Data released Thursday reveal a dramatic rise in measles outbreaks . Health officials say 13 outbreaks and 129 cases have been recorded this year , according to the CDC 's Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report . California is reporting the highest numbers , with 58 cases from January 1 to April 14 . That 's the most cases of measles in the state since 1995 . In the past 13 years , the average number of measles cases was nine per year . The CDC says many of the California cases are a result of people visiting the Philippines , which is experiencing a very large measles outbreak ; at least 20,000 confirmed and suspected cases have been reported in the Asian nation . Visitors may pick up the disease and bring it back to the U.S. , potentially infecting those who can not be vaccinated against the measles because they are too young , for example , or who have intentionally remained unvaccinated . Another problem that may be contributing to the increase in cases is a lack of awareness among doctors . "  Because of the success of the measles vaccine , many clinicians have never seen measles and may not be able to recognize its features , " Dr. Julia Sammons writes in a commentary published Thursday in Annals of Internal Medicine . Measles is one of the most contagious infectious diseases . Symptoms usually include fever , cough and conjunctivitis , along with a rash . In rare cases , measles can lead to pneumonia and brain infections , which can be fatal . The last time there was a reported death from measles in the U.S. was in 2005 , says Dr. Anne Schuchat , director of the CDC 's National Center for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases . Schuchat credits the CDC 's Vaccines for Children program with contributing to high immunization rates and the dramatic decrease of measles in the U.S. . In the U.S. , half of all children under 19 are eligible for the program , which provides vaccines to children whose parents or caregivers ca n't afford them . According to the CDC , vaccinations have proved to be very successful in the U.S. , preventing an estimated 323 million illnesses and 732,000 deaths . Schuchat says it 's impossible to predict what the coming months will bring , but she thinks more people could die from measles . "  Unfortunately , it 's probably just a matter a time . " The CDC recommends that children get two doses of the measles vaccine beginning at 12 months , with the second dose between the ages of 4 and 6 years old . Infants 6 to 11 months old should get the vaccine before international travel . Schuchat says it 's absolutely crucial for measles vaccinations to be up to date . To further reduce the spread of measles , the CDC also recommends that all U.S. residents born after 1956 ensure that they are still immune to measles or receive a new MMR vaccination , particularly if they expect to travel outside North or South America .	13 outbreaks and 129 cases have been recorded this year California is reporting the highest numbers , with 58 cases Measles is one of the most contagious infectious diseases
CNN  -- Believing that celebrity and success -- even attractiveness -- guarantee immunity from domestic violence is like believing famous people are magically protected from the dangers of other drivers on the road , airborne pathogens from a stranger 's sneeze , or the path of a wild fire . Domestic violence knows no boundaries , affecting women â $ " and some men â $ " who meet every descriptor of race , age , socioeconomic or educational status , sexual orientation , demography , geography , ideology , disability or theology . Domestic violence is more common than breast cancer and left-handedness . Famous or anonymous , one in four women in this country will experience domestic violence in her lifetime , according to the Centers for Disease Control . Each year in the United States , 5.3 million women experience domestic violence , at an annual cost to the American economy of $ 5.8 billion . According to the U.N. Women 's 2011-2012 annual report , "  This pervasive human rights violation affects all countries and communities . " The World Health Organization reports that 15 % to 71 % of women ages 15 to 49 in a multicountry study had experienced intimate partner violence . Notably , nowhere on this planet is there 0 % violence against intimate partners . Nowhere on this planet is there a society immune to domestic violence . And no upscale neighborhood or celebrity-frequented restaurant is off limits . So why should the recent public altercation between TV chef Nigella Lawson and her handsome , successful husband , Charles Saatchi , surprise anyone ? In light of tabloid photographs that show Saatchi holding a tearful Lawson by the neck , it should be clear that intimate partner violence is a universal scourge . Why does the myth that intimate partner violence exists only in lower socioeconomic communities persist ? Saatchi has not been charged in connection with the incident and has denied his actions were abusive , calling the encounter a "  playful tiff . " Horrified observers reportedly had a different take . Certainly no one wishes the suffering of violence on anyone regardless of who they are . But this alleged incident provides a painful reminder that it is time to permanently dissolve the mythology that domestic violence only happens to low-income women . And it is time to take such an outrageous public display of apparent violence seriously . Shortly after the publication of the photos , Britain 's Nick Griffin of the National Party tweeted : "  If I had the opportunity to squeeze Nigella Lawson , her throat would n't be my first choice . " Next , he followed up with this : "  To feminist cranks whining re my ` objectifying ' Nigella , she was happy to use her curves to sell books . Her chorizo & potato soup v good btw . " That 's about as funny as referring to a sleeveless tank top as a "  wife beater " and thinking that 's OK . Saatchi 's downplaying of the incident as "  playful " to the media is also no surprise . As a survivor of domestic violence myself , and an advocate and spokesperson for nonviolence for the past 18 years , I know that sentiment is on par with the common rationalizations for domestic violence I have heard : "  She asked for it . She likes it . She made me mad . She provoked me . It was her fault . " Saatchi 's comment does not match in scope the most outrageous response I once heard from a police officer about a man who shot his wife : "  She ran in front of the bullet . " But Saatchi 's flippant dismissal matches our universal misunderstanding that domestic violence is not about us . It is always about other people somewhere else . Unfortunately , the sorority of successful and powerful women who have reportedly been victims of domestic violence includes Halle Berry , Madonna , Whitney Houston , Pamela Anderson , Mariah Carey , Tina Turner , Meredith Baxter and Rihanna . Sometimes a batterer is the most charismatic man in the room ; they are lawyers , doctors , politicians , business titans , actors , celebrities , singers and professional athletes . I understand ; domestic violence was not something I ever thought would happen to me . I married a man I knew my whole life ; he was smart , handsome , kind and ambitious . We dated for three years with no hint of violence . That changed four months into our marriage . At the time , I thought I was powerful and successful enough to change him ; I was not . We have been divorced 18 years . What I learned is a partner 's behavior is not something you can control , no matter how educated you are , no matter how idyllic your life was growing up , no matter how much you dreamed your life would go well . And no matter if you are a vibrant , internationally successful best-selling author and chef . Though she and her children have moved out of their family home , Lawson has yet to publicly comment on the situation . We do n't know whether she views herself as a victim of domestic violence , but those photographs tell a story we need to keep repeating . So many of us who believe the myths of domestic violence do n't tell because we are ashamed to tell . We believe as successful women we are immune , that it happens to others . Millions of women around the globe in all manner of circumstances think they can not say the truth about the violence in their lives because they will die of embarrassment . But we all need to remember , in the most severe cases , it is never embarrassment that kills them .	Celebrity chef Nigella Lawson was photographed with her husband 's hands at her throat There 's a common perception that women with money and means are n't abused The U.N. calls domestic violence a "  pervasive human rights violation " Michele Weldon calls Charles Saatchi 's dismissal of the incident "  flippant "
China has warned the United States to end its military surveillance flights near Chinese territory , rejecting claims by Washington that a Chinese fighter jet made several "  dangerous " and "  unprofessional " passes at a U.S. Navy plane last week . The U.S. should take "  concrete measures " towards ending reconnaissance operations off the coast of China if it wants to improve bilateral ties between the two countries , a spokesperson for China 's Defense Ministry , Yang Yujun , said at a regular press briefing in Beijing on Thursday . On August 19 , a Chinese fighter jet intercepted a U.S. Navy Poseidon patrol plane in the South China Sea about 135 miles east of the Chinese island of Hainan , coming as close as 20 feet at one point , according to the Pentagon . The armed Chinese aircraft crossed close beneath the P-8 Poseidon three times , according to U.S. Defense Department spokesman Rear . Adm. John Kirby , who described the maneuvers as "  pretty aggressive , very unprofessional . " It was the fourth such incident this year , according to the Pentagon . China pilot ` professional ' Yang dismissed the claims Thursday , saying that the pilot had been "  professional " and that "  due regard " had been given to safety . He accused the U.S. of focusing on the distance between the aircraft during the encounter while ignoring the fact that its military had been conducting frequent surveillance missions against China , which he said was a policy issue . "  On the one hand , the U.S. expressed their willingness to deepen a military-to-military relationship with China , but on the other hand , they are reluctant to give up these frequent close-in reconnaissance activities against China , " Yang said . U.S. military ships and aircraft have long been conducting "  wide-ranging " surveillance activities near China , undermining Beijing 's security interests and damaging bilateral ties between the two countries , Yang said , warning that the missions could lead to "  undesirable incidents . " Yang accused the United States of spying on Chinese military exercises , trainings and weapons tests in the air and at sea . "  These behaviors of U.S. military ships and aircraft could easily cause misperception and miscalculation or even air and sea accidents . Therefore we do urge the U.S. side to decrease these close-in reconnaissance activities against China towards a complete stop . " He said China had expressed its concerns to the United States through multiple channels , including diplomacy . Asked how China would respond if the United States failed to end its surveillance operations , Yang said the Chinese military 's future missions would be decided based on "  various factors , " without elaborating further . Yang dismissed claims by State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki Monday that U.S. surveillance activities are conducted in a transparent manner and that other countries , including China are made aware of Washington 's plans . "  There has not been any notification to the Chinese side , " he said . Past encounters In April 2001 , a Chinese fighter jet and a U.S. patrol plane carrying a crew of 24 collided off Hainan , forcing the U.S. craft to make an emergency landing on the island . Blaming the United States for the incident , Chinese officials said their J-8 fighter crashed into the South China Sea -- killing the pilot . The United States called for the immediate return of the high-tech EP-3 aircraft and the crew . The crew were allowed to return to the United States 11 days after the collision , and the dismantled spy plane was flown home some weeks later . The United States conducts around 500 reconnaissance missions near China each year , according to Chinese military analyst Zhang Junshe . China wary of Japan defense plans U.S. , Chinese warships come dangerously close	China tells U.S. to end surveillance flights off its coast U.S. says Chinese fighter jet made dangerous , unprofessional passes near U.S. patrol plane Chinese defense ministry disputes U.S. claims China : U.S. spies on Chinese military drills , weapons tests
CNN  -- The husband of former Florida congresswoman and Secretary of State Katherine Harris was found dead Tuesday morning , apparently by his own hand , Sarasota police and the family 's pastor said . Anders Ebbesen , 68 , had been ill , "  but it is unknown if that is why he took his own life , " Pastor William Hild , of the First Baptist Church of Sarasota , said in a statement released by Sarasota police . "  The family is asking for privacy , prayers , thoughts and love from the community . " The nature of Ebbesen 's illness was not disclosed , but Sarasota Police Chief Bernadette DiPino added that Harris "  wanted the community , her family and friends to know that her husband is no longer suffering . " Police were called to the couple 's bayfront home around 7:30 a.m. to investigate a reported suicide , Sarasota police spokeswoman Genevieve Judge said . Hild said Ebbeson died of a self-inflicted gunshot . Harris became a national lightning rod during the bitterly fought Florida recount that capped the 2000 presidential race . She was the co-chair of George W. Bush 's campaign in Florida and oversaw the state 's vote tally as secretary of state , eventually certifying the Republican as the winner by 537 votes over his Democratic rival , Vice President Al Gore . The Florida Supreme Court ordered a statewide recount of disputed ballots , but the U.S. Supreme Court brought a halt to further recounts , paving the way for Bush to become president . Harris won a seat in the House of Representatives in 2002 , serving two terms before running unsuccessfully for U.S. Senate in 2006 . Virginia state Sen. Creigh Deeds stabbed at home	Anders Ebbeson , 68 , had been ill He died of a self-inflicted gunshot , pastor says Harris says "  her husband is no longer suffering , " police chief says
CNN  -- A Chinese high court has agreed to hear an appeal from convicted former Communist party senior Bo Xilai , according to a statement released by Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . Bo Xilai was sentenced to life in prison for bribe-taking , as well as 15 years for embezzlement and seven years for abuse of power after he was convicted in September . China 's Bo Xilai : From rising star to scandal He filed his appeal before an October 8 deadline . The court reviewed it and accepted , the Shandong Province Supreme People 's Court said . During the politically sensitive trial , which took place over several days in August , Bo , 64 , denied the charges and strongly challenged the prosecution 's case against him , according to accounts published by the Jinan Intermediate People 's Court . The closely watched trial was considered to be much more transparent than most cases in China . Timeline : Bo Xilai 's fall from grace But international and independent journalists were n't allowed inside the courtroom , and doubts were raised about the fullness of the court 's version of events . The trial brought to light a wealth of eye-opening details about the apparently lavish and emotionally fraught life of his family and inner circle , giving Chinese people insights into how some of the ruling elite live . Read more : Bo Xilai anticipated prison in letter to family Bo 's glittering career , during which he drew both admirers and detractors for his populist policies , fell apart last year . The son of a revolutionary veteran , Bo rose to power as a city mayor , provincial governor , minister of commerce and member of the Politburo , the powerful policy-making body of the Communist Party . He had been tipped to ascend farther up the party hierarchy . From Gang of Four to Bo Xilai : Reporting from China 's ` show trials ' A charismatic and urbane politician , Bo was credited with a spectacular , albeit brutal , crackdown on organized crime during his time as the top party official of Chongqing , a metropolis in southwestern China . But when his deputy , Wang Lijun , walked into the U.S. Consulate in the city of Chengdu in February 2012 and told American diplomats that Bo 's wife , Gu Kailai , was involved in a murder case , Bo 's career began to unravel . Wang 's move precipitated Bo 's political demise . Soon after news of the events began to emerge , Bo was removed from his party posts .	A Chinese high court agrees to hear Bo Xilai 's appeal He was found guilty on all charges and given a life sentence for corruption During the trial hearings , Bo denied the charges against him Bo lodged his appeal before a Tuesday deadline , the court says
New York  CNN  -- The New York Police Department has arrested a man in the shooting deaths of three New York City shopkeepers , according to Commissioner Raymond Kelly . Salvatore E. Perrone , 63 , was arrested after ballistics tests showed the .22 - caliber rifle found in his duffel bag was the same one used in the three crime scenes , Kelly said . Detectives recovered the duffel bag from the house of Perrone 's girlfriend on Wednesday morning and found the carbine with a sawed-off stock and a combination laser/flashlight attached to its barrel with duct tape and two thick , pink rubber bands . They also recovered a box of .22 - caliber long-rifle ammunition , an empty magazine and a 12-inch kitchen knife with dried blood on it as well as two Buck folding knives , each with 7-inch blades . Perrone is charged with three counts of murder and faces life in prison if convicted . Police said the .22 - caliber rifle was used to kill Vahidipour Rahmatollah , 78 , at his She-She boutique on November 16 ; Isaac Kadare , 59 , at Amazing 99-Cent Deals on August 2 ; and Mohamed Gebeli , 65 , on July 6 at Valentino Fashion in Brooklyn . Kelly did n't provide a motive for the murders . "  I think it 's reasonable to assume that he was going to continue doing this and by arresting him , we have saved lives , " said Kelly . Perrone was an independent seller of men 's and women 's clothing to boutiques in Brooklyn , said Kelly . "  After his photograph was circulated , we received several calls from proprietors of similar stores to inform us that they recognized Perrone as a salesman who would periodically visit their stores , " he said . He was spotted at a pharmacy in Brooklyn on Tuesday evening and voluntarily agreed to come to the precinct . In 2001 , Perrone was also arrested in Franconia Township , Pennsylvania , on a forcible entry charge . He has a house on Staten Island but has been residing with his girlfriend in Brooklyn for the past several years , police said . It was not immediately clear whether Perrone had any legal representation . Police : One shooter may be behind 3 killings Etan Patz suspect falsely confessed , attorney says Day care owner gets 80 years in kids ' deaths	Three shopkeepers had been killed since July 6 in New York City Clothing salesman Salvatore E. Perrone , 63 , has been arrested , police say Perrone is charged with three counts of murder and faces life in prison if convicted Commissioner Raymond Kelly on arrest : "  We have saved lives "
CNN  -- A Delaware pediatrician has been indicted on 471 felony counts in the alleged sexual abuse of his patients , prosecutors announced Monday . The Sussex County grand jury indictment accuses Dr. Earl Bradley , 56 , who has had a practice in Lewes , Delaware , for more than 10 years , of victimizing 103 children -- all but one girls . The charges range from rape and sexual exploitation of a child to endangering child welfare and assault . Delaware Attorney General Beau Biden told CNN Radio the indictment is based on "  video and digital evidence " seized from Bradley 's home and medical practice in December . Authorities have not ruled out additional charges , he added . "  The reality is that as a prosecutor , the rules prohibit me from telling you exactly how I feel -- and I 'm feeling a great deal today , " Biden said . Bradley also has medical licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey and Florida . Authorities have said they have contacted officials in those states . He was initially arrested and charged in December . Bradley 's attorney , Eugene Maurer Jr. , said he would base his client 's defense on mental health . "  Most of the evidence in this case comes from videotapes -- it 's kind of hard to argue with videotapes , " Maurer said , adding , "  The issue in this case is going to come down to his mental health at the time . " Biden said Bradley will be arraigned within four to six weeks .	Dr. Earl Bradley faces 471 counts in the alleged abuse of 103 children Indictment is based on "  video and digital evidence , " official says Doctor also has licenses in Pennsylvania , New Jersey , Florida
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A former middle-school student who was strip-searched by school officials looking for ibuprofen pain medication won a partial victory of her Supreme Court appeal Thursday in a case testing the discretion of officials to ensure classroom safety . Savana Redding leaves the U.S Supreme Court in April . She was 13 when she was strip-searched . Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected that she was carrying banned drugs . No medication was found , and she later sued . The justices concluded that the search was unreasonable but that individual school administrators could not be sued . The larger issue of whether a campus setting traditionally gives schools greater authority over students suspected of illegal activity than police are allowed was not addressed fully by the divided court . "  Savana 's subjective expectation of privacy against such a search is inherent in her account of it as embarrassing , frightening and humiliating , " wrote Justice David Souter for the majority , likely his last opinion before he steps down from the bench next week . But reflecting the divisiveness over the issue , Souter said , "  We think these differences of opinion from our own are substantial enough to require immunity for the school officials in this case . " Whether the school district would be liable was not an issue before the high court . "  I 'm pretty excited that they agreed with me , they see that it was wrong for the school to do that , " Redding said from her Hobbs , New Mexico , home after the ruling was announced . "  I 'm pretty certain that it 's so far less likely to happen again " to other students . Redding was an eighth-grade honor student in 2003 , with no history of disciplinary problems at Safford Middle School , about 127 miles from Tucson , Arizona . During an investigation into pills found at the school , a student told the vice principal that Redding had given her prescription-strength 400-milligram ibuprofen pills . The school had a near-zero-tolerance policy for all prescription and over-the-counter medication , including the ibuprofen , without prior written permission . Redding was pulled from class by Vice Principal Kerry Wilson , escorted to an office and confronted with the evidence . The girl denied the accusations . A search of Redding 's backpack found nothing . A strip search was conducted by Wilson 's assistant and a school nurse , both females . Redding was ordered to strip to her underwear and to pull on the elastic of the underwear , so any hidden pills might fall out , according to court records . No drugs were found . "  The strip search was the most humiliating experience I have ever had , " Redding said in an affidavit . "  I held my head down so that they could not see that I was about to cry . " Souter said Wilson initially had "  sufficient suspicion " to justify searching the girl 's backpack and outer clothing . But when no contraband was found , the officials went too far by continuing the search of her underwear . With the help of the American Civil Liberties Union , Redding and her family sued , and a federal appeals court in San Francisco ruled against the school , calling the search "  traumatizing " and illegal . That court said the school went too far in its effort to create a drug - and crime-free classroom . The Supreme Court found little agreement on key issues . Justices John Paul Stevens and Ruth Bader Ginsburg agreed that the search was illegal but would have also made individual officials liable for damages by Redding . "  Wilson 's treatment of Redding was abusive , and it was not reasonable for him to believe that the law permitted it , " said Ginsburg , who was especially forceful during oral arguments in April , criticizing the school 's actions . But Justice Clarence Thomas took the opposite view : that administrators deserved immunity and that the search was permissible . "  Preservation of order , discipline and safety in public schools is simply not the domain of the Constitution , " he said . "  And , common sense is not a judicial monopoly or a constitutional imperative . " In 1985 , the high court allowed the search of a student 's purse after she was suspected of hiding cigarettes . Such a search was permitted if there were "  reasonable " grounds for believing that it would turn up evidence and when the search was not "  excessively intrusive . " Opinions in 1995 and 2001 allowed schools to conduct random drug testing of high school athletes and those participating in other extracurricular activities . The court was being asked to clarify the extent of student rights involving searches and the discretion of officials regarding those they have responsibility over . Adam Wolf , an ACLU attorney who represented Redding , applauded the decision . "  When parents send their kids to school , they can now breathe a sigh of relief they will not end up naked before school officials , " Wolf said . But school administrators said the ruling does not make their jobs any easier . "  The home medicine cabinet now poses a serious threat to students , who may take those medications for abusive purposes , " said Francisco Negron , general counsel for the National School Boards Association . "  That 's a problem schools are trying to stem . " "  How they determine now whether the drug is dangerous , whether it 's not dangerous -- that kind of clarity and that kind of guidance , the court did not give us . " Redding , now 19 , said she has never gotten over her experience . "  Before it happened , I loved school , loved everything about it . You know , I had a 4.0 GPA , honor roll , and now , well , afterwards I never wanted to go to school again . " She is attending college . The case is Safford Unified School District No. 1 v. Redding  08-479  .	Savana Redding was 13 when administrators suspected she was carrying drugs No medication was found , and she later sued Justices : Search was unreasonable , but individual school officials ca n't be sued Redding , now 19 , has said she has never gotten over her experience
Washington  CNN  -- The White House has declined to comment on a "  Deport Justin Bieber and revoke his green card " petition , saying the "  We the People " Whitehouse.gov petition system allows the Executive Office to dodge comments "  to avoid the appearance of improper influence . " Although the official response posted on Friday did not address the petition 's position directly , the White House did drop a few Bieber references , while making its case for the President 's immigration plan . "  Not only is it  immigration reform  the right thing to do morally , it 's the right thing for our country , " the response says . "  Independent economists say immigration reform will grow our economy and shrink our deficits by almost $ 1 trillion in the next 20 years . For those of you counting at home , that 's 12.5 billion concert tickets -- or 100 billion copies of Mr. Bieber 's debut album . " More than 273,000 people signed the petition , which calls for Canadian pop star to be deported because of his representation in the world of pop culture . "  We would like to see the dangerous , reckless , destructive , and drug abusing Justin Bieber removed from society and his green card revoked , " the petition says . "  He is not only threatening the safety of our people but he is also a terrible influence on our nation 's youth . " The original petition , filed January 23 through the "  We the People " petition system , merited a response from the White House after receiving more than 100,000 signatures within 30 days , per the system 's terms of participation . When asked about the petition January 29 , State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said the petition program does n't necessarily mean action would be taken but it 's rather "  an opportunity for the voices of the American people " to be heard .	Whitehouse.gov petitions qualify for response when they reach a signature threshold Petition to deport Bieber has more than 273,000 signatures But White House says it wants "  to avoid the appearance of improper influence "
CNN  -- President Barack Obama fought back and Republican challenger Mitt Romney mostly stood his ground in a bruising , argumentative debate three weeks before Election Day . With a third and final debate to go , both candidates appeared likely to secure their standing in an already tight race that portends a cliffhanger presidential vote . Read a version of this story in Arabic On Wednesday , both campaigns will continue their focus on battleground states considered crucial to winning the White House . Obama heads to Iowa and Ohio and Vice President Joe Biden campaigns in Colorado and Nevada , while Romney will go to Virginia and running mate Rep. Paul Ryan stops in Ohio . Tuesday night saw Obama bring the desired energy sought by worried Democrats after the president 's lackluster performance in the first encounter two weeks ago . This time , a forceful Obama defended his policies and challenged Romney on shifting positions on key issues while arguing his Republican rival 's proposals would favor the wealthy if elected on November 6 . Romney repeatedly attacked Obama 's record , saying millions of unemployed people and a sluggish economic recovery showed the president 's policies had failed . Five things we learned from the second presidential debate A CNN/ORC International poll indicated that 46 % of respondents who watched the debate thought Obama won , compared to 39 % for Romney . The result was within the survey 's margin of error , and responses to other questions showed the overall impression was generally positive for both candidates . After the first debate on October 3 in Denver , a similar poll showed Romney scored a solid victory in the eyes of more than 60 % of respondents . "  Most improved -- that award goes to Barack Obama , " CNN Senior Political Analyst David Gergen said , comparing the president 's performance on Tuesday to his previous showing . "  I think he had a much stronger debate tonight . " Daily Beast 's Andrew Sullivan , who called Obama 's poll numbers after the first debate "  devastating , " predicted the president would come "  kicking back in the polls " in coming days . Erick Erickson , the conservative RedState.com blogger and CNN contributor , thought Romney won the debate based on "  clear majorities outside the margin of error " in the CNN/ORC poll who thought Romney would be better for the country on economic issues . Read the transcript of the debate or watch it on CNN.com "  In fact , while other areas of the debate may overshadow this point , Romney deftly dispatched Obama on his economic record , " Erickson said , calling it "  the one issue that matters . " An awkward phrase by Romney in addressing gender pay inequality was creating the most buzz around the debate . Romney said when he was elected governor of Massachusetts , all the applicants for cabinet positions were men , so he sought out women applicants . "  I went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks ? ' and they brought us whole binders full of women . " Before the debate was over "  binders full of women " had aÂ Twitter hashtag , a series of memesÂ on Tumblr , andÂ a Facebook page with over more than 100,000 fans . The phrase was the third-fastest rising search on Google during the debate . Both candidates walked the floor with microphones in hand at Hofstra University in Hempstead , New York , raising their voices at times and repeatedly challenging each other 's points during the 90-plus minute debate that featured a town hall-style format . Moderator Candy Crowley , the CNN chief political correspondent , tried in vain at times to prevent each candidate from going over allotted time , with Obama speaking for more than three minutes longer than Romney on the night . Obama was on the attack from the start , but waited until his final answer -- with no chance for Romney to respond -- to raise his opponent 's controversial "  47 % " comments at a fundraiser in May . In remarks made public by a secretly recorded video of the event , Romney described 47 % of the country as people dependent on government aid who refused to take personal responsibility . Analysis : Romney whiffs on some easy pitches "  Think about who he was talking about , " Obama said , listing people on Social Security "  who 've worked all their lives , " veterans "  who 've sacrificed for this country , " students , soldiers and "  people working hard every day . " The president said he wanted to fight for those people "  because if they succeed , I believe the country succeeds . " Earlier , Obama went after Romney 's five-point economic plan that the GOP candidate repeated two times during the second debate , saying it really was a one-point plan "  and that plan is to make sure that folks at the top play by a different set of rules . " Romney shot back that "  if you elect President Obama , you know what you 're going to get -- you 're going to get a repeat of the last four years . " Over and over , Romney repeated what he called the failings of Obama 's policies including rising federal deficits and debts , more than 20 million people unemployed and anemic economic growth . "  We do n't have to settle for what we 're going through , " Romney said at one point . "  We do n't have to settle for gasoline at four bucks . We do n't have to settle for unemployment at a chronically high level . We do n't have to settle for 47 million people on food stamps . We do n't have to settle for 50 percent of kids coming out of college not able to get work . We do n't have to settle for 23 million people struggling to find a good job . " Town hall format leads to close-quarter exchanges Obama was "  great as a speaker , but his policies do n't work , " Romney said . Attempting to rebut Obama 's criticism of his own policies , Romney insisted he would prioritize middle class growth , saying "  it 's about how we can get the middle class of this country a bright and prosperous future . " However , Romney failed to provide further specifics of his tax policy , even when one audience member asked about unspecified deductions and loopholes the candidate says he will eliminate . On a sensitive foreign policy topic , the candidates clashed at the front of the stage over the September 11 terrorist attack in Libya that killed four Americans , with Romney suggesting the Obama administration played politics by failing to immediately acknowledge what happened . Obama shot back that the suggestion anyone in his administration would play politics on such an issue was "  offensive . " When Obama said he called it a terrorist attack shortly after it occurred , Romney challenged him , and Obama responded "  check the transcript . " CNN Electoral Map Crowley cut in to say both men were right -- Obama referred to terrorism shortly after the attack , but the administration took longer to fully explain what occurred . Unlike the first presidential debate , the town hall-style format allowed audience members to ask the questions . Crowley , the first woman to serve as moderator of a presidential debate in 20 years , tried to get in as many questions as possible from the uncommitted voters in the hall , sometimes struggling to cut off the candidates as they tried to make points or argued with each other . The first question came from a 20-year-old college student , worried about whether he 'd be able to support himself after graduation . "  More debt and less jobs . I 'm going to change that . I know what it takes to create good jobs again , " Romney said , addressing the first-time voter . "  When you come out in 2014 -- I presume I 'm going to be president -- I 'm going to make sure you get a job . " Test your knowledge with debate trivia Later questions addressed immigration , with Romney saying Obama failed to deliver on a promise to pass a major immigration overhaul while the president said Romney backed conservative positions such as opposing a measure that gives some children of unregistered immigrants a path to legal status . Obama repeated his past criticism that Romney 's tax plan does n't add up , saying "  when he 's asked how are you going to do it , which deductions , which loopholes are you going to close , he ca n't tell you . " "  You 're going to be paying for it , " Obama said of middle class taxpayers . "  You 're going to lose some deductions , and you ca n't buy the sales pitch . Nobody who 's looked at it that 's serious actually believes it adds up . " Funniest tweets on the second presidential debate Romney , meanwhile , repeatedly insisted his plan wo n't raise taxes for middle class Americans but also wo n't raise or lower the tax burden on the wealthy , in contrast to Obama 's proposal to let tax rates on the top 2 % of wage earners return to higher tax rates from the Clinton era . The president needed a strong debate to try to blunt Romney 's rise in the polls after their first showdown . The most recent CNN "  poll of polls " -- an aggregate of the latest major surveys -- showed Romney with a slight edge nationally at 48 % -47 % . In the battleground states considered up-for-grabs , polls show Romney has narrowed Obama 's lead or caught the president . The Obama campaign conceded he had a bad night in the first debate and promised a more aggressive approach in New York . A third and final debate focusing on foreign policy will take place October 22 in Florida . Polls show voters consider the economy to be the most important election issue . Where they stand : The candidates and issues Unemployment fell below 8 % in September for the first time since the month Obama took office in 2009 . However , continuing high unemployment and slow growth have made the president vulnerable . Romney and his campaign have sought to frame the election as a referendum on Obama 's presidency , citing joblessness , slow recovery from the recession and chronic federal deficits and debt as reasons to deny a second term . For their part , Obama and Democrats have tried to make the election about competing visions for the future . They argue Republican proposals to repeal major legislation , such as health care and Wall Street reforms , while cutting government and expanding tax cuts without identifying additional revenue sources would stall a sluggish but steady recovery . A snapshot of the nation : CNN poll of polls CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : Candidates hit the campaign trail Wednesday Analysts , CNN/ORC poll gives President Barack Obama the nod in second debate Obama says voters "  ca n't buy " Mitt Romney 's sales pitch on taxes Romney says Obama failed in his four years as president
CNN  -- At midnight last Tuesday , two men were traveling in a black four-wheel drive through the Somali capital , Mogadishu . One was Fazul Abdullah Mohammed , the most wanted terrorist in Africa . Mohammed had survived more than a decade on the run , at least one attempt on his life , and a $ 5 million price on his head for planning the 1998 attacks on the U.S. embassies in Nairobi , Kenya and Dar es Salaam , Tanzania . But his luck was about to run out in the chaos of Mogadishu , where the frontlines in the battle between the weak transitional government and al Qaeda affiliate al-Shabaab shift almost weekly . His vehicle headed toward a government checkpoint , possibly after taking a wrong turn . According to several accounts it tried to speed through , setting off a firefight with police . Mohammed was killed , but to begin with the Somali security forces had no idea who he was . Only when they discovered cell phones , a South African passport , a substantial amount of cash and a laptop did they realize this was someone of significance . So his body -- which had been rapidly buried -- was exhumed , according to Somali military officials . A sample of his DNA was sent to Nairobi , where U.S. officials confirmed it was Mohammed . They had taken DNA samples from his wife and children some years ago . The other man in the vehicle may also have been a senior al-Shabaab figure by the name of Musa Dheere , according to Kenyan officials . Somali officials have not publicly announced the identity of the second man . Mohammed 's death means that in the past six weeks three of al Qaeda 's most important figures have been killed , the others being Osama bin Laden and Ilyas Kashmiri in Pakistan . Operationally , Mohammed was one of al Qaeda 's most effective figures : a bombmaker with aliases , multiple passports and disguises that enabled him to move in and out of Somalia . The forged passport found in the vehicle had a recent exit stamp from South Africa , according to Somali officials . He is held responsible for making al-Shabaab 's attacks more lethal in recent years , using an influx of foreign fighters and suicide bombings . Several hundred foreign jihadists -- from Kenya , Sudan , Europe , North America , Iraq and Pakistan -- have made al-Shabaab a more effective group . Several of the foreign jihadists have come from the United States , with at least two  one from Minneapolis and one from Seattle  carrying out suicide bombings . Mohammed was also reputed to have developed ties with al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , based in Yemen across the Red Sea . "  Fazul Mohammed was certainly one of the key members of the al Qaeda old guard , " says Candyce Kelshall of the Center for Security and Intelligence Studies at the University of Buckingham in England . That structure is "  now fragmented and splintered into stand-alone operating networks that are loosely linked by association around the world , " she says . "  The death of Mohammed and Musa Dheere has effectively removed the top half of the al Qaeda network 's explosives expertise in the region , " says Kelshall . Ugandan officials suspect Mohammed -- who was probably in his late 30s -- advised on the bombings of two bars in Kampala last year , in which 79 people were killed . Al-Shabaab attacked Uganda because it had troops in Mogadishu as part of the African force  AMISOM  protecting the transitional government . Ugandan soldiers help protect government ministers and the Presidential Palace . Ironically , the Kampala bombings may have indirectly contributed to Mohammed 's death . They prompted Uganda to inject more manpower into Mogadishu . And a recent offensive by Somali troops backed by AMISOM firepower has pushed al-Shabaab out of several districts of the capital -- for now . Mohammed appears not to have been familiar with the latest frontlines . The United States has had some success in tracking down al Qaeda militants in Somalia -- with special forces killing Saleh Ali Nabhan two years ago . Nabhan had been involved in simultaneous attacks against Israeli tourists in Kenya in 2002 , involving a suicide bombing at a Mombasa hotel and an attempt to bring down an Israeli airliner with a SAM-7 missile . The closest the United States came to killing Mohammed appears to have been a strike early in 2007 on a coastal village close to the Kenyan border . He escaped , but many civilians were killed . But gathering useful intelligence in a country as large and anarchic as Somalia is an uphill struggle . And the transitional government is invariably preoccupied with clan-driven power struggles rather than taking on al-Shabaab . In recent days , a confrontation between the president and prime minister has spilled over into deadly street protests . Last week , CIA chief Leon Panetta told the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee that "  the threat from al-Shabaab to the U.S. and Western interests in the Horn of Africa and to the U.S. homeland is significant and on the rise ... As al-Shabaab faces increasing international pressure , we may see the group increase its international attacks . " Mohammed 's death may deprive Shabaab of some of its international reach . His ability to move in and out of Somalia was important to the group 's ambitions to spread jihad throughout east Africa . But al-Shabaab is well-entrenched in central and southern Somalia , where a few dollars are enough to recruit young men with no hope of a job . According to intelligence sources , al-Shabaab 's revenues include taxes levied at ports like Kismayu , cash from the Somali diaspora and possibly a levy on pirates ' ransoms . Kelshall says al-Shabaab "  has come of age -- its young tactical leaders are possibly more potent , more technically savvy and politically astute than any of the other networks . " And al-Shabaab does not seem to have been knocked off its stride by Mohammed 's death . Two days after he was killed , Somalia 's interior minister was assassinated at his home by a female suicide bomber . Al-Shabaab quickly claimed responsibility .	Fazul Abdullah Mohammed was an elusive and talented bombmaker U.S. officials confirmed it was Mohammed through DNA tests Al-Shabaab figure Musa Dheere was also killed , Kenyan officials say Expert says their deaths "  removed the top half of the al Qaeda network 's explosives expertise " in the region
CNN  -- Rangers and scientists have made contact for the first time in more than a year with critically endangered gorillas threatened by a war in the Democratic Republic of Congo , a national park announced Tuesday . Young gorillas play in Congo 's Virunga National Park in an undated photograph . The Congolese government and rebels agreed to allow the survey team into the gorilla section of Virunga National Park , which rebel fighters loyal to Laurent Nkunda have controlled since September 2007 . Only about 200 mountain gorillas were estimated to be living in the park at last count , out of an estimated 700 in the world . The team of rangers beginning a planned monthlong survey spotted a group of gorillas Tuesday known as the Humba family group . The Humba group had nine members at last count , said Pierre Peron of Virunga National Park , and experts are eager to see how many it now includes . Hundreds of rangers had fled the fighting between Nkunda 's ethnic Tutsi rebels and the Congolese army and allied militias , leaving scientists with no reliable information about the endangered gorillas . Take a closer look at the animals " But more than 100 rangers have returned , park spokeswoman Samantha Newport told CNN last week . At least nine mountain gorillas are known to have been killed last year , including an infant female . Before the rebels took control of the park , 72 of the gorillas were accustomed to human contact . Another 130 or so were not , making it impossible to accurately count them . The gorilla sector of the park lies in a strategically crucial area near the border of Uganda and Rwanda . The U.N. Educational , Scientific and Cultural Organization has designated Virunga National Park as a "  world heritage site . " Africa 's oldest national park , it was formerly known as Albert National Park .	Rangers return to park after fleeing Congo fighting 14 months ago At last count , Virunga National Park had 200 of the world 's 700 mountain gorillas Fighting threatens gorillas in park , which rebels control
CNN  -- Qantas has reached a settlement with engine-maker Rolls Royce over a 2010 incident that grounded its entire Airbus A380 fleet . Rolls-Royce agreed to compensate the airline in a deal worth US $ 100 million , Qantas CEO Alan Joyce said at a news conference . The deal was signed Wednesday morning and the terms will be kept confidential , according to Joyce . The settlement brings to an end the legal action between the two parties , Qantas said . The failure of a Rolls-Royce engine in early November resulted in an emergency landing of a Qantas passenger plane at Singapore 's Changi Airport . The flight , carrying 440 passengers and 26 crew , was Australia-bound from Singapore when a fire on the plane 's No. 2 engine not only caused half of the engine casing to fall off in flight , but it also damaged the aircraft 's electrical wiring . Investigators blamed the fire on a potential manufacturing defect in the type of engine that caught fire -- a Trent 900 engine manufactured by Rolls-Royce . The incident caused the airline to ground its six A380s for more than three weeks . At Wednesday 's news conference , Joyce also updated the company 's financial outlook , forecasting annual profit before tax of between US $ 530 million to $ 580 million , despite a major impact from weather events and natural disasters . The airline has lost an estimated $ 219 million due to the Japan earthquake and tsunami , Queensland floods , Cyclones Yasi and Carlos , and the Christchurch earthquake . The Rolls-Royce settlement was included in the profit outlook . Joyce addressed the struggle of Australia 's flagship carrier to turnaround its international business which has n't kept pace with competitors , alluding that major changes will be made later this year . "  The task must be to transition a great airline into a great business , " he said . A major announcement on the future of the international business will be made on August 24 .	Rolls-Royce agrees to compensate Qantas $ 100 million The terms of the deal are confidential The failure of a Rolls-Royce engine in early November resulted in an emergency landing Engine failure causes Qantas to ground six A380s for more than three weeks
Legazpi , Philippines  CNN  -- Typhoon Hagupit lost some strength as it spiraled northwest through the Philippines on Sunday , but its hulking presence threatened more damage and evoked frightening memories , 13 months after deadly Typhoon Haiyan blasted the same region . "  Last year , many people were asking , ` Is it the will of God , or the wrath of God ? ' But now , they just feel it is part of nature , " the Rev. Eliodoro Reteracion of Tacloban 's Redemptorist Church said . While Haiyan killed more than 6,000 people , the Philippine government is blaming only two deaths on Hagupit so far . On Monday morning , the storm weakened further and was downgraded to a tropical storm by the U.S. military 's Joint Typhoon Warning Center . One-year-old Thea Rojo and Ernesto Baylon , 55 , both of Iloilo province in the central Philippines , died from hypothermia in the storm , National Disaster Risk Reduction Council executive director Alexander Pama told a press briefing on Sunday . More than 900,000 people from nearly 200,000 families have been adversely affected by the cyclone , locally known as "  Ruby , " Pama said . Almost all of them have sought help at evacuation centers . CNN meteorologist Michael Guy forecast that Hagupit would move west on Monday , just south of the capital city of Manila , with strong winds and potentially devastating rains . The storm , which has battered several regions of the Philippines since Saturday , poses dangers of flooding and landslides from a volcano . A day after Hagupit made landfall on Samar Island , the massive cyclone crept across the country Sunday at about 15 kph  9 mph  . That sluggish pace means Hagupit had more time to dump relentless rainfall over the same areas , making severe flooding a possibility . What 's worse : the storm passed not far from the Mayon Volcano . Officials are now keeping an eye on the volcano , known for its almost perfectly symmetrical cone shape , because heavy rainfall could mix with the volcanic ash and spur major landslides . Not only could the force of a landslide wreak havoc on homes , the debris could go into streams , rivers and reservoirs around the volcano , blocking them up and causing even more flooding . Millions affected About 40 million people are close to the path of the storm and its fierce winds , which reached 160 kph  100 mph  Sunday . Lucrecia Simbajon of Magallanes is one of those who evacuated to a local church . "  I do n't know how long I 'm going to be here , as the roof was blown off my house last night , " she said Sunday morning . Her home -- a typical wooden and metal shack -- was already wiped out last year . After Typhoon Haiyan , she spent more than 20 days at the church , lying between pews with her children . Despite the potential danger , some residents in Legazpi , in the shadow of the Mayon Volcano , ignored evacuation orders and vowed to stay in their makeshift beachside homes . "  I think we can handle the situation , " one man said . "  If or when it gets worse , we 'll go to the evacuation center . " A woman who lives on the coast was also defiant . "  We 've been here 25 years and seen many typhoons , " she said . "  This one already feels stronger than Typhoon Haiyan  last year  , but we wo n't leave yet . " Gen. Gregorio Catapang , chief of staff of armed forces , said Sunday that soldiers were working to clear roads and airports so that emergency services could be delivered . Eleven nations had offered assistance , including Australia , the United States , China , Japan and the United Kingdom . Weakening before Manila Hagupit should be even weaker by the time it passes near Manila on Monday evening . The biggest threat in the capital will come from the heavy rainfall . That likely will lead to flash flooding and mudslides , even in places far from the storm 's center . Several airports were closed Sunday , leading to 185 domestic flight cancellations , Pama said . Once debris is cleared from some of those airports , the Philippine military will fly C-130 planes from Manila and Cebu to affected areas with necessary supplies , he added . Flooding , landslides , and fallen trees are hampering government efforts to drive relief essentials to affected areas . "  Our emphasis now is road-clearing operations , " Pama said . "  Do n't worry if you are thinking we 're out of supply . It will come soon . There may be delay due to roads that are not passable , " he said . Fishermen fears typhoon will ` destroy everything ' Tacloban dodges bullet One city farther south breathed a sigh of relief Sunday . In Tacloban , the streets were empty because residents had already evacuated . Last year , Super Typhoon Haiyan devastated Tacloban , killing more than 6,000 people and leaving 200,000 people homeless . Many people in Tacloban are still living in tents or other rudimentary structures more than a year after Haiyan . At least 100,000 people evacuated Tacloban before Typhoon Hagupit struck , the U.N. humanitarian agency OCHA Philippines said . That 's half the population of the city . Mayor Alfred Romualdez told CNN the city is without power , but he 's seen only minor damage such as broken windows and downed trees . Many roads were flooded , but not impassable . "  There was a lot of preparation , " OCHA spokeswoman Orla Fagan said . "  I think that the lessons learned were very hard ones in Tacloban ... because there were so many lives lost , and I think they 've really taken cognizance this time and really made an all-out effort everywhere to bring people to safety . " Philippines gets more than its share of disasters Saima Mohsin reported from Legazpi ; Holly Yan and Mark Morgenstein reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Andrew Stevens , Michael Guy , Andrew Stevens , Ralph Ellis , Melissa Gray , Paul Armstrong and Madison Park contributed to this report .	NEW : Hagupit is downgraded from a typhoon to a tropical storm , U.S. agency says Philippine government spokesman blames the cyclone for two deaths "  The roof was blown off my house last night , " says a woman now staying at a church Flooding concerns rise as the storm moves slowly across the country
CNN  -- A 36-year-old Atlanta woman whose body was found last month most likely died from exposure to cold , officials said Tuesday . The death of Stacey Nicole English , last seen alive shortly after Christmas , was classified an accident by the Fulton County Medical Examiner , which cited autopsy results , medical records and witness and acquaintance statements . Investigators used dental records to identify the remains found January 23 in a wooded area in southwest Atlanta . English 's abandoned car was discovered in late December , with the motor running . In a statement , the office said "  the most likely cause of death is cold exposure  hypothermia  complicating underlying neurological and psychiatric disorders . " An autopsy indicated no injuries and toxicology results showed no evidence of a drug overdose . "  Because cold exposure is an external , environmental condition , the manner of death has been classified as accident , " medical examiners said . A St. Louis man who had stayed with her December 24-26 , said English was "  acting peculiar and out of character " during the stay , adding that "  she began screaming in the apartment and shouting biblical scriptures and indicating that the world was coming to an end , " a police report said . He said that he left around 10:30 p.m. on December 26 , after English "  began asking him if he was Satan " and told him to leave "  her residence immediately . " A friend , Michelle Strothers , told police that she last saw English on that day or the next one . In an interview with police on New Year 's Eve , Strothers said that her friend "  appeared upset " and told her "  she felt as if someone was attempting to hurt her . " Earlier , English 's mother and stepfather told police that they typically talked with her "  several times a week " and became worried after she did not answer their calls since they last talked with her on Christmas . Her mother , Cynthia Jamison , said that English "  was currently taking medication " and had attempted suicide by overdose a little more than two years earlier , according to police . All six Fulton medical examiners participated in a peer review , the medical examiner 's office said . Atlanta police later Tuesday said they were closing the case , with no further statement planned .	Police conclude investigation Stacey Nicole English was reported missing after Christmas Medical examiner 's office says her death was an accident It says she likely died of hypothermia
CNN  -- "  The View " returned to TV on Monday with a new set , two new faces and a pair of returning hosts who 've spent their time away focusing on their health . During the season premiere , the revamped "  View " cast , which now includes Rosie Perez and Nicolle Wallace , introduced themselves and caught the audience up on their lives . Rosie Perez , Nicolle Wallace and a brand-new ` View ' For Whoopi Goldberg and Rosie O'Donnell , some of their big news included new physiques . Goldberg has shed 35 pounds , and O'Donnell , who previously co-hosted "  The View " in 2006 and 2007 , has lost more than 50 pounds . "  I 'm good , I 'm happy since you saw me last , " O'Donnell told "  The View " audience Monday . "  I got married , I have a new baby . ... I lost 50-something pounds with surgery because I had a heart attack two years ago . I had the vertical gastric sleeve -- if you 're morbidly obese , it can save your life . " When it was Goldberg 's turn , she admitted that she , too , has "  lost a little weight . " "  I ended up weighing 217 pounds , which was way too much of me for anyone , " Goldberg quipped . Former "  View " star Sherri Shepherd , who left the program in August , inspired Goldberg , 58 , to get in better shape . "  I happened to notice that I had begun to look like a linebacker , " Goldberg told ABC News backstage . "  I happened to look over and there was Sherri  Shepherd  , skinny , and I said , ` What did you do ? ' She said , ` I 've been doing Rocco DiSpirito 's one pound a day diet . ' I said , ` Please , I want to do it too . ' " O'Donnell , who first shared her weight-loss success in April , told ABC News that the change has n't been easy . "  The fact that I look so different has been difficult and unexpected , " the 52-year-old said . "  Everyone assumes that obese people would just be jumping for joy that they were healthier and thinner and able to fit into store-bought sizes , we do n't have to go to the plus store . But it 's also filled with a lot of emotional turbulence , you would n't expect . " See more about funny people at CNN Comedy .	Two of "  The View 's " co-hosts share their weight-loss stories Rosie O'Donnell has lost more than 50 pounds through surgery Whoopi Goldberg has lost 35 pounds "  The View " premiered its new season Monday
CNN  -- "  We have a very big responsibility to show the true meaning and the true essence of Islam . " That 's what it means to be Muslim today , according to Nashwa Zakharia , a PR director from the United Arab Emirates . She says it has been "  distorted " and "  misrepresented " by world events and the actions of some individuals . For Mohammed Abuhijlieh , an Assistant Project Manager in Abu Dhabi , Islam is about what it 's always been about : "  Being faithful , being honest , supporting the poor and feeding the needful . " During the current month of Ramadan , observing Muslims across the world fast from sunrise to sunset , pray more and spend time with loved ones . They celebrate their faith in many other ways too . "  I celebrate my faith by staying away from all sins , not hurting anyone , " said Qais Salman , a civil engineer from Baghdad , Iraq . For Irfan Majheed , an accountant from London , celebrating faith is all about family getting together "  with food and music . " While some elements of being a Muslim may not have changed , some things are different since the turn of the millennium . Malisha Choudhary , a housewife from London told CNN : " -LSB- Islam -RSB- is more exposed now , people are aware of the religion . " Emirati media specialist , Hazem Al Arraj agrees : "  It has now , of course , changed for the best . In 1990 , Islam was not really understood -LSB- by -RSB- other nations . " Yasin Tahir Najy , a TV technician from Baghdad , said Islam has not changed , but some people have . "  From its beginning until this moment , Islam is the same , " he said . "  What -LSB- has -RSB- changed are some Muslim characters , that -LSB- use -RSB- religion for their own interest . "  All those who impose their opinions -- in the name of Islam and religion -- on others , " he said .	CNN 's Muslim in 2010 hit the streets in cities around the world to ask Muslims about their faith We asked them how they celebrate their faith and what Islam means today We want to hear from you too . Send your photos and video of life during Ramadan For more Muslim in 2010 coverage over Ramadan go to cnn.com/ime
CNN  -- Golf legend Gary Player has told CNN that 20-year-old Rory McIlroy "  has the world at his feet " after the Northern Ireland ace claimed his seventh top-10 finish from eight stroke play events with a third-place finish in Abu Dhabi . "  I believe he is the best young player in the world today . Everything is just going right for him and if he works hard he has got the world at his feet , " Player told CNN 's Living Golf in an exclusive sit-down interview with McIlroy . World number 11 McIlroy finished third at the U.S. PGA Championship in Augusta in 2009 but has only one career title to his name -- the Dubai Desert Classic -- despite a number of second-place finishes . McIlroy then raised eyebrows , after achieving his breakthrough win in the 2009 European Tour , by then committing to play on the rival U.S. Tour for 2010 . However , Player -- who was in Abu Dhabi to open a new course of his own design -- said McIlroy 's versatility would stand him in good stead for the future and ultimately lead to success in America . "  The good thing about Rory going to the United States is that he 's learnt his golf in Europe , in Ireland where the wind blows and you have to play in rain . A lot of young players have n't had that experience , " he said . South African-born Player , 74 , started his stint in the U.S. in the late 1950 's competing for titles against the likes of Jack Nicklaus and Arnold Palmer . Despite often receiving verbal and physical abuse as a reaction to South Africa 's apartheid policy , the one dubbed the "  Black Knight " went on to complete a career grand slam by the age of 29 . McIlroy will also face challenges to win titles , but Player was confident that with the help of father -- figure and manager Chubby Chandler , McIlroy would also prove competitive . Despite the prospect of relocating McIlroy said he already feels at home on the other side of the Atlantic : "  I love it over in the States , it 's one of the main reasons I wanted to take my card up over there . I love the courses , I love the climate and the people ; I feel really comfortable over there . "	Gary Player tells CNN that 20-year-old Rory McIlroy "  has the world at his feet " McIlroy raised eyebrows with decision last year to commit to the rival U.S. Tour McIlroy said he already feels at home on the other side of the Atlantic
CNN  -- One simple tweet can help push the start button for action , thanks in part to the viral nature of social media . Luke Crane , who says he works at Kickstarter and describes himself as a self-publisher of role-playing games , floated out a question on Monday evening : "  Why are there so few lady game creators ? " His inquiry touched on a controversy that 's been brewing for a long time . Women 's role in the gaming industry is part of a greater conversation about gender roles and stereotypes in the scientific , techie and geek spheres . These fields are often said to be dominated by men . But are they really ? As the discussion continued , Twitter user Filamena Young apparently was the first person to start using the # 1ReasonWhy hashtag . Others adopted it as well . Grievances were aired , issues were discussed , and the tag started getting more and more attention . Then , talk started turning into something more . The # 1ReasonMentor hashtag popped up to help women interested in the video gaming industry to meet others who are working in the field , and vice versa . Here 's a very abbreviated snapshot of the discussion : . If you have trouble viewing this page , please visit Storify to see the post . After we at CNN saw this exchange taking place , we were inspired to share it with our reader community and keep the mentoring and leadership conversation going . Are you a female interested in the video game industry , or do you know someone who is ? What female techies and geeks do you admire , and what qualities can best help a woman , or anyone , succeed ? Do you have a mentor , or can you think of a good mentor for women interested in the video gaming world , or science and technology ? And what suggestions do you have for those seeking a mentor , or for those who want to become mentors ? Share your views in the comments area below or post your commentary on CNN iReport . You can find us on Twitter , too , via @cnnireport and @cnntech .	A question on Twitter helped spark two hashtags about women in the gaming industry One focuses on social issues , the other aims to connect like-minded women What advice do you have for those seeking a mentor , or looking to become one ? Share your thoughts in the comments below or on CNN iReport
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Most New Yorkers and visitors to Times Square know of The Naked Cowboy . The Naked Cowboy is part of the scenery at New York City 's Times Square . For the past 10 years , he 's the guy you 've seen on the sidewalk , with the great body , strumming his guitar and singing , dressed in a cowboy hat , cowboy boots and underwear -- and nothing else , even in the dead of winter . As a native New Yorker , I will admit that at times , it has been my guilty pleasure to walk or drive by The Cowboy to see if he can bear the elements . To my amazement , he 's always there and pretty naked -- in rain , sleet , snow , heat or bitter cold . I 've even taken pictures . Watch The Naked Cowboy in his natural habitat " Well , it seems that Mars Inc. , the makers of M&M s , also knows about Robert Burck  The Cowboy 's real name  . Burck sued Mars this week for $ 6 million in federal court in New York . The allegations : trademark infringement under the Lanham Act and violation of his right of publicity under New York Civil Rights Law § 51 , arising from a video billboard for M&M s . The video ad depicts an M&M frolicking around New York , in what kind of looks like Times Square , in what kind of looks like The Naked Cowboy 's outfit -- briefs and nothing more than a smile . There have been plenty of jokes about the lawsuit , and I 'm especially fond of the ones found on The Wall Street Journal Law Blog on Thursday , such as : All jokes aside , I think he may have a case . In order for him to show trademark infringement , The Naked Cowboy has to be trademarked ; has to prove that Mars , without his consent , infringed upon the trademark ; and has to show there 's a "  likelihood of confusion " between his trademark and the allegedly infringing mark -- in this case the naked M&M . To state a claim under New York 's civil rights law , Burck has to show that Mars used his name , portrait or picture for purposes of trade or advertising , and without his written consent . Surprising to some -- at least to me -- The Naked Cowboy 's name and likeness are in fact registered trademarks owned by Burck . According to the complaint , Burck has licensed The Naked Cowboy name and/or likeness to companies for the purposes of advertising and endorsement . Mars , Inc. , had no immediate comment . His character is part of the USA Network 's "  Characters Welcome " campaign ; he appeared in a music video for the song "  Rockstar " by the multiplatinum artist Nickelback ; and he 's featured singing in the video game "  True Crime : New York City at Times Square . " He also has appeared in several movies and television programs , including "  Starship Dave , " "  Survive This , " "  Mulva : Zombie A ** Kicker , " "  Steve Harvey 's Big Time , " "  New York Minute , " "  Creature Feature , " "  Lonely Planet , " "  Troma 's Edge , " "  American Icon " and "  The Howard Stern Show . " He even appeared in a Chevrolet commercial that debuted during Super Bowl XLI . And this is n't the first time a pseudo-celebrity  sorry Cowboy  has sued and won . Remember Vanna White ? She was awarded $ 403,000 when Samsung used a robot , wearing a blond wig , jewelry and a dress , that turned letters on a game board similar to White 's role on "  Wheel of Fortune , " the TV game show . Still laughing ? I 'm not . At the end of the day , this lawsuit may be the end of the era of the "  naked " cowboy . I predict he will be able to afford some very nice duds . E-mail to a friend	The Naked Cowboy , aka Robert Burck , registered his trademark He has filed a federal lawsuit against Mars Inc. , the maker of M&M s His suit seeks $ 6 million
CNN  -- The 34-year-old dental hygienist from Stamford , Connecticut , had just rammed her black luxury car through barricades and into police cruisers near the U.S. Capitol , one of Washington 's securest areas . In the car with Miriam Carey was her 1-year-old daughter . Police say Carey then sped down Pennsylvania Avenue before crashing . Two law enforcement officers were injured during the incident , and officers fatally shot her . But was the shooting of the unarmed woman justified ? Had Carey been shot a few moments earlier , such as when police had surrounded her car and she drove into them or as she sped off , it would have been justified because she had used her car as a deadly weapon , pointing it at the officers , said Mark O'Mara , a CNN legal analyst . But if the shooting occurred after the car stopped and if Carey had gotten out , as some accounts unconfirmed by CNN have suggested , that changes things , he said . "  If she did not turn on them like she was going for a gun , something to at that point say the threat is ongoing and immediate and imminent , then maybe the police should have taken a breath , waited , " O'Mara said . Opinion : Did D.C. cops have to shoot to kill ? They would have quickly determined that she posed no threat , he said . What if police fear a terrorist bomber ? But Maki Haberfeld , chairwoman of the Department of Law , Police Science and Criminal Justice Administration at John Jay College of Criminal Justice in New York , said police would have had no way of knowing whether Carey posed a threat as she got out of the car , and therefore the shooting was justified . "  We live in times of heightened alert as far as terrorist activities are concerned , " she said . "  The fact that she was not displaying a gun does n't mean anything , because bombers do n't necessarily display anything . They have the explosives around their waist , usually . "  It 's a matter of a split-second decision that the police officer needs to take before someone explodes himself . It 's all about the larger context . They just push the button , or it could be activated from a remote location . " CNN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks said the police had no choice but to shoot . "  You do n't know if she has a bomb , " he said . "  You do n't know if it 's a terrorist attack . The officers just do n't know . " Brooks dismissed suggestions that police could have defused the situation simply by shooting out the car 's tires . "  If you are using deadly force , you are there to try to incapacitate the driver of that car -- of that weapon , " he said . "  If they did shoot the tires out , the car can keep moving . " And the handguns used by Capitol Police might not have done the job , according to CNN law enforcement analyst Tom Fuentes . "  These tires are synthetically wrapped , like Kevlar , like a bulletproof vest , " he said . He noted that law enforcement officers were acutely aware that the incident was occurring near some of the nation 's most sensitive sites . "  We 're not talking about some cornfield in Nebraska , " he said . "  We 're talking about downtown Washington , D.C. " Fuentes said officers had to consider whether the woman had explosives in her car : "  Is she just looking for a large gathering of people that she can drive up close to them and explode a bomb ? " Carey 's family is questioning whether shooting Miriam Carey was the only way to end the chase . "  We want to know if protocols were followed , " family attorney Eric Sanders said on CNN 's AC360 . " ... We are going to conduct our investigation , and we are not going to go with just what the government said . " Rules have changed since 9/11 After the September 11 attacks , police chiefs reconsidered whether the usual rules of using lethal force were sufficient to deal with people who might detonate a bomb when confronted by police . The U.S. Capitol Police adopted a suicide bomber policy in 2004 . Then-chief Terrance W. Gainer told The Washington Post in 2005 that Capitol officers were trained to shoot a suspected bomber who refused to stop and be searched . The Capitol Police public affairs office could not be reached Friday night to confirm whether that policy remains in place . The International Association of Chiefs of Police issued guidelines for coping with suicide bombers in 2005 , including a recommendation that officers need not wait until the threat is imminent before using deadly force . Within weeks of that report , London police officers using a similar policy shot and killed a man they had wrestled to the floor of a train because they incorrectly suspected he had a bomb . Anti-terrorism policies often allow officers to fire without warning a suspect to surrender because a warning might simply alert the bomber to detonate . Sheri H. Mecklenburg , an assistant U.S. attorney , wrote in the magazine of the international police chiefs group in 2007 that Americans are accustomed to debates about whether a suspect made an overt threat to harm someone . "  In the context of suicide bombers , however , this debate is irrelevant . Suicide bombers always pose an imminent threat of death and serious injury , whether they are moving toward or fleeing from their target , for at any time they may detonate , " Mecklenburg wrote . CNN 's David Simpson and Brian Todd contributed to this report .	NEW : Capitol police adopted policy to shoot bomb suspects in 2004 NEW : Since 9/11 , authorities have reconsidered use-of-force rules for terror suspects CNN legal analyst : Police should have "  taken a breath " if she got out of the car unarmed , analyst says Law enforcement analyst : Officers had no choice but to shoot
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Army hopes it can do a better job of preventing mental health problems in the ranks with more aggressive screening of troops -- before they ship out to a war zone . After nine years of fighting in Afghanistan and Iraq , the military is coping with a wave of mental health issues , from post-traumatic stress disorder to depression and suicide . Army medical experts have been studying the results of a just-released study of the benefits of pre-deployment evaluation of soldiers and follow-up treatment while they were in Iraq . The study found that improved screening reduced later behavioral problems by 78 % and reduced thoughts of suicide by more than half . The service is struggling with a troubling suicide rate . At a news conference at the Pentagon later Wednesday , officials will report that while the number of suicides in the active-duty force declined in 2010 , the number of suicides in the Army Reserve and National Guard increased , a senior Army official said . The Army Surgeon General 's office said Tuesday it hopes to have new screening and treatment procedures in place in six months . The changes will be based in part on the research published by the American Journal of Psychiatry Tuesday . "  The most important part about the study , even more than the screening , is that they identified which soldiers could benefit from follow-up treatment in-theater , " Col. Rebecca Porter told CNN . Porter is the director of behavioral health for the Surgeon General of the Army . "  That 's important for the mission and it is important for individual soldiers , to see the fight through . " The increase in Reserve and National Guard suicides is among troops who are in the United States and not activated for duty . The senior Army official said more than half of those troops were never deployed to a war zone . Researchers looked at more than 21,000 soldiers bound for Iraq in 2007 and 2008 . Roughly half were evaluated before they deployed and were provided with follow-up visits and care when they arrived in Iraq . The study concluded that this evaluation -- before , during and after the stresses of a combat -- pays off in fewer problems . "  This predeployment screening process was associated with a decreased need for clinical care for combat stress , psychiatric and behavioral disorders , and suicidal ideation , " the report said . Suicidal ideation is the planning of suicide or other suicidal thoughts . The authors said the study provided the first direct evidence to support pre-deployment mental health screening across the Army . "  Soldiers in screened brigades had significantly lower rates than those in unscreened brigades for clinical contacts for suicidal ideation , combat stress , and psychiatric disorders , as well as lower rates of occupational impairment , " they said . In the pilot study that was the basis for the research , some soldiers were not cleared to deploy , others required additional treatment before they deployed and others received follow-up visits at their bases in Iraq . And the study found that both the individual soldier and the unit stood to gain from the increased care , as medical problems , emergency treatment and evacuations were reduced . "  These results show that an aggressive program of mental health screening , tracking , and coordination of care may enhance a unit 's functioning while decreasing negative soldier outcomes , " the study said . Porter said that an additional benefit of enhanced screening would be reducing the stigma that hinders some military personnel from seeking mental health assistance until their condition worsens . The American Journal of Psychiatry is not the only professional publication to focus on mental health problems in the military . A special edition of the journal American Psychologist also examines how to improve the psychological readiness of U.S. military personnel . "  Like our physical fitness program , I believe that psychological resilience development can become not just something we in the Army ` do , ' but rather a critical component of our culture that will be integrated throughout our community to develop better soldiers , " Gen. George Casey , the Army 's chief of staff , wrote in the introduction to the article in American Psychologist . Brig. Gen. Rhonda Cornum , a doctor with the Comprehensive Soldier Fitness program , agreed . "  Modern warfare is characterized by demanding missions , extreme climates , sleep deprivation , cultural dissonance , physical fatigue , prolonged separation from family and the ever-present threat of serious bodily injury or death , " Cornum wrote . "  Waiting for illness or injury to occur is not the way commanders in the U.S. Army approach high-risk actions , and it is not the way we should approach high psychological risk activities . "	The Pentagon will report on Army suicide rates for 2010 Wednesday A study found pre-deployment screenings cut down on problems later The soldier and unit both benefit from the screenings
London , England  CNN  -- England striker Wayne Rooney apologized to fans Friday for the way his contract dispute with Manchester United played out in October . "  We 've seen many players leave the club and not do so well , so I am delighted I have stayed , " he said on the team 's website . "  I apologize  to the fans  for my side of things . " Rooney said in October he wanted to leave the English Premier League team after complaining it lacked ambition , something manager Alex Ferguson said left him "  shocked and disappointed . " The star 's original deal was due to run out at the end of next season , and his agent had told United in the summer that Rooney wanted to leave the club he joined from Everton in 2004 . He was linked with a January transfer window move to arch-rivals Manchester City . Rooney changed his mind a day later , however , after talks with Ferguson , club chief executive David Gill , and Rooney 's representatives . He signed a deal keeping at Manchester United until at least June 2015 . "  Everyone is saying I was definitely going to join Manchester City , " Rooney said Friday . "  Believe me , if I 'd have gone , it would n't have been to another club in England . " Wednesday night , Rooney celebrated his first start in two months by scoring the only goal of the game against Glasgow Rangers in the European Champions League . Rooney said it was "  such a great feeling , after a hard couple of months , " but that criticism of his performances has been "  a bit overboard . "	Wayne Rooney says he is "  delighted " he stayed at the club He said in October he wanted to leave Manchester United He changed his mind after a meeting with club bosses
CNN  -- A Minnesota man who put up a website asking people to help him and his wife decide whether to have an abortion admitted Tuesday they never intended to terminate the pregnancy . Pete Arnold , who describes himself as a conservative/libertarian and has stirred controversy for his conservative posts on several websites , said he wanted to stimulate conversation about the politically charged subject . Arnold told CNN he bought the domain name "  birthornot.com " before wife Alisha became pregnant about four months ago . He said he had been mulling the idea "  for some time , " adding that his wife is pro-choice but agreed that abortion was not on the table for them . "  We chose our words very carefully , " Arnold told CNN , insisting the site was not a hoax even though there were never any plans to accept the vote results if abortion won . "  A lot of people elect representatives based on this issue alone , yet nothing happens , nothing comes of it , nothing changes . " he said , adding that the couple called the baby "  Baby Wiggles " to give people more to think about . "  My intent is not to deceive people , but at the same point , I do want people to talk about this . This seemed like a pretty good way to further the discussion , because people do n't ever seem to want to talk about it for real if there 's no name on it , no Baby Wiggles , " he said . Media reports have identified Arnold as a regular commenter -- frequently anti-abortion -- on such websites as Gawker and the DailyKos , typically using the name "  Zeeboid , " which is also the name on his vanity license plate . He also has a website by that name and a channel on YouTube , but both were offline Tuesday afternoon . He has also been a regular contributor to a Minnesota radio program called "  Race to the Right . " Last week , the Arnolds insisted that their website was legitimate and that they had no agenda . Arnold said the couple intended to end the vote December 7 , two days before the last day Alisha Arnold could legally get an abortion , their blog says . But on Tuesday , Pete Arnold said , "  We 're talking about ending it early . I think people are getting it . " Arnold said that the site has brought the couple about $ 225 through Google ads but that he 's spent $ 500 on it . On Friday , Arnold had said that the site had made about $ 40 and that he 'd spent $ 215 . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Pete Arnold says site was n't a hoax , but couple would n't have had an abortion Arnold : "  I do want people to talk about this " Site owner is a conservative commenter on several websites
CNN  -- People have always known that inequality is divisive and socially corrosive . What is surprising , now that we have the data to compare societies , is how clear the effects of inequality are . A wide range of social problems are worse in societies with bigger income differences between rich and poor . These include physical and mental illness , violence , low math and literacy scores among young people , lower levels of trust and weaker community life , poorer child well-being , more drug abuse , lower social mobility and higher rates of imprisonment and teenage births . The differences in performance of more and less equal societies is often enormous : Most of these problems are between twice and ten times as common in countries like the United States , Britain and Portugal , which have large income differences compared to countries with smaller income differences like the Nordic countries or Japan . For example , taking high , medium and low inequality countries , the homicide rate in the United States in 2009 was 50 per million population compared with 18 in Canada and 5 in Japan . The police , prisons and public services needed to defend ourselves against these problems are expensive and often not very effective . But the underlying causal processes are fairly clear . The problems that get worse when there is more inequality are all problems that become more common lower down the social ladder within each society . TED.com : What explains trust and morality Greater income inequality seems to amplify and intensify the effects of social status differentiation -- bigger material differences creating bigger social distances . So the most common trigger to violence seems to be people feeling disrespected and looked down on . Although social class imprints its effects on us from earliest childhood onward , greater inequality makes these effects more marked . But inequality does not harm the poor alone . The effects are so large because almost everyone is affected . The benefits of greater inequality are biggest at the bottom of society , but a number of studies suggest that a large majority -- perhaps 90 % or 95 % -- of the population benefits from greater equality . We can not say what happens to the superrich because they are a fraction of 1 % of the population and we do not have separate data on their health , violence or drug use . Because position in the hierarchy has always been important to well-being , we have an inherited sensitivity to social status that works rather like ranking systems among some monkeys . However , human beings have lived in every kind of society from the most egalitarian  such as the hunting and gathering societies of human prehistory  to the most tyrannical dictatorships . Where there is more equality we use more cooperative social strategies , but where there is more inequality , people feel they have to fend for themselves and competition for status becomes more important . TED.com : How we read each other 's minds Crucially important is the quality of social relationships . Because members of the same species have the same needs , they can , all too easily , be each other 's worst rivals -- fighting for food , nesting sites , territories , sexual partners and so on . But human beings , as well as having the potential to be each other 's most feared rivals and competitors , also have the opposite potential : We can be each other 's best sources of cooperation , assistance , help , learning and love . Depending on our social relationships , other people can be the best -- or the worst . Of paramount importance in our social development was to avoid conflict and competition for basic necessities . That is why we eat together . It is also what the religious symbolism of communion is about . Whether society has great inequality and a strong status hierarchy , whether there is a strong sense of superiority and inferiority , tells us whether we are in the same boat together and depend on cooperation and reciprocity , or whether we have to fend for ourselves in a dog-eat-dog society . What matters is not simply adults ' recognition of inequality and social status ; it is also a matter of how the parental experience of adversity is passed on to children to affect their early development . The sensitive period in early childhood that shapes development exists in many different species . Its function is to enable the young to adapt to the kind of environment they will have to deal with . Among human beings , that is primarily a matter of adapting to the social environment : Are you growing up in a world where you will have to fight for what you can get , watch your back and learn not to trust others because we are all rivals , or are you growing up in a world where you will depend on cooperation , reciprocity and mutuality ? * * * If you want a fuller picture of how we are affected by inequality or would like to use our slides or read answers to various "  frequently asked questions , " please go to www.equalitytrust.org.uk . A more detailed but readable presentation of the evidence can be found in our book , "  The Spirit Level , " which I wrote with Kate Pickett , who is , like me , an epidemiologist .  Note : in England a "  spirit level " is simply the tool used by carpenters and builders that most American 's call a "  level . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Richard Wilkinson .	Richard Wilkinson : Evidence confirms that inequality causes social problems Social ills in U.S. , U.K. can be up to 10 times greater than in more equal countries When there 's more inequality , people become desperate for higher social status , he says Wilkinson : Children trained either for world of constant struggle or for cooperation
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Hurricane Ike grew from a Category 1 into a menacing Category 4 storm in about six hours Wednesday as it fed on the warm waters of Atlantic , the National Hurricane Center said . An infrared image from a NOAA satellite shows Ike swirling in the Atlantic on Wednesday night . "  Ike is an extremely dangerous Category 4 hurricane " with 135-mph sustained winds , the center said in its 11 p.m. ET advisory . Although it is likely to lose some strength during the next few days , Ike is forecast to regain Category 4 status by Monday , the center said . "  It is too early to determine what , if any , land areas might be affected by Ike , " the hurricane center said . But the center 's potential four - to five-day track for Ike puts it anywhere from north of Jamaica to the coast of South Florida on Monday . iReport.com : Are you in Ike 's path ? At 11 p.m. ET Monday , Ike was moving west-northwest through the Atlantic Ocean . The storm will be over open water for two days , forecasters said . Earlier Wednesday , Ike intensified into the fifth hurricane of the 2008 Atlantic season when its winds reached 80 mph . But before Ike can reach into the Caribbean or threaten Florida , Tropical Storm Hanna was getting more organized in the Bahamas , according to the hurricane center . At 2 a.m. , Hanna was about 325 miles east-southeast of Nassau in the Bahamas , with winds of 65 mph . Hanna was drenching the Bahamas and Haiti with torrential rains . Haitian officials put the nation 's death toll in the wake of Hanna and Hurricane Gustav at 61 , said Abel Nabaire , the deputy coordinator of the civil protection service . Eight of the country 's 10 departments underwater , he said . More rainfall , up to 15 inches in some places , was possible in the Caribbean , the hurricane center said . Hanna was forecast to return to hurricane strength by Friday as it shot up the east coast of the southern U.S. , with landfall predicted on the South Carolina or North Carolina coast late Friday or early Saturday . "  A hurricane watch may be required for a portion of the southeastern United States coast early Thursday and interests in this area should monitor the progress of Hanna , " the hurricane center said . Florida could begin seeing rainfall from Hanna on Friday , forecasters said . Watch as Florida also keeps an eye on Hanna " Swells from Hanna are expected to bolster the number of rip tides along the southeastern U.S. coast this week , the hurricane center said . iReport.com : Hanna makes waves in Bahamas Hanna passed over the northern Haitian city of Gonaives on Tuesday night , leaving water more than 12 feet deep in some places , an official said . See Hanna 's impact on Haiti " Many people were still cut off amid floodwater . "  It 's a very grim picture , " Dr. Jean Pierre Guiteau of the Red Cross said Wednesday . "  We ca n't reach those people ; they are standing on rooftops , waiting for help . " In line behind Ike in the Atlantic is Tropical Storm Josephine , with top winds near 50 mph , the hurricane center said . Josephine was about 425 miles west of the southernmost Cape Verde Islands off western Africa .	NEW : Ike goes from 80-mph winds to 135-mph winds in six hours Hanna to pound Bahamas , could regain hurricane strength Hanna expected to make U.S. landfall by Friday or Saturday
CNN  -- Serena Williams was extended to three sets by one of the next generation of stars hoping to assume her No. 1 mantle before advancing to the third round of the WTA event in Cincinnati Wednesday . 19-year-old Canadian Eugenie Bouchard is ranked 62nd in the world but showed enough to suggest she will be aiming higher very soon . She took the opening set 6-4 before Williams turned the match around in her trademark fashion to level a one set apiece . Bouchard , who beat former World No. 1 Ana Ivanovic at Wimbledon this year , kept battling but Williams had too much experience to run out a 4-6 6-2 6-2 winner in one hour 47 minutes . Williams is coming off winning the title in Toronto at the weekend as she continues her dominant form on the WTA this season . Only surprise defeats at the Australian Open to Sloane Stephens and at Wimbledon to eventual runner-up Sabine Lisicki have interrupted her winning run and she will be heavy favorite to defend her U.S. Open crown later this month . Fellow American Stephens shocked World No. 3 Maria Sharapova Tuesday at the hard court tournament in Ohio where top billing is shared with the ATP event . Serena 's older sister Venus Williams ' disappointing 2013 season continued as she lost in three sets to world No. 23 Elena Vesnina . Williams missed Wimbledon due to a back injury and has not a WTA title since the Luxembourg Open in 2012 . Fifth seed and defending champion Li Na recovered from a slow star to eventually beat American wildcard Lauren Davis 4-6 6-1 6-1 , while No. 4 Agnieszka Radwanska won 10 games in a row to overcome Uzbekistani-born American Varvara Lepchenko 6-4 6-0 . World No. 2 Andy Murray got his campaign in Cincinnati off to a winning start with a 6-2 6-3 victory over Mikhail Youzhny of Russia in an earlier match . The Wimbledon champion had lost his third round match at the Montreal Masters last week on his return to the circuit after his historic triumph , but made no mistake here . The 26-year-old Scot broke service five times on his way to victory in just 70 minutes . It extended his career record against Youzhny to 4-0 having beaten him in the fourth round at Wimbledon . Murray has won the Cincinnati trophy twice , beating Novak Djokovic both times in the final . "  I think it 's important for me to try to get a few matches this week , if I can , " Murray told the official ATP Tour website . "  I did what I wanted to do and got through the match . " He was joined in the third round by top seed Novak Djokovic , who beat Juan Monaco of Argentina 7-5 6-2 . The Serbian is bidding to complete his set of the nine Masters 1000 titles this week , coming off the back of a semifinal loss to returning Rafael Nadal in Montreal . Twelve-time grand slam winner Rafael Nadal is also safely through after a straight-forward 6-2 6-2 defeat of world No. 100 Benjamin Becker . Veteran German Tommy Haas earned a third round match against Roger Federer after beating Marcel Granollers 6-4 6-1 in 74 minutes .	Andy Murray back on form at the Cincinnati Masters World No. 2 beats Mikhail Youzhny of Russia in straight sets Joined in the third round by Novak Djokovic Serena Williams battles past Canadian Eugenie Bouchard
CNN  -- A ship carrying U.N. relief supplies , including food and water , arrived Friday in the hurricane-ravaged Haitian city of Gonaives , an official with the United Nations ' World Food Programme said . The ship sailed from the capital , Port-au-Prince , carrying 19 tons of high-energy biscuits , 50,000 bottles of water , water purification tablets and other supplies , Myrta Kaulard said . An ambulance , two trucks , a four-wheel drive vehicle and a small speedboat to be used in rescues were also aboard the ship , she said . "  Distributions are ongoing at present , " she said , speaking by phone from the capital . "  We are also airlifting biscuits now to Gonaives . " Haiti , the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , has endured three storms -- Hanna , Gustav and Fay -- over the past month . The last storm , Hanna , killed at least 137 people when it passed Tuesday over Gonaives and lingered nearby for days . It left water more than 4 meters deep in some places in the city , according to Abel Nazaire , Haiti 's assistant coordinator of Risk and Disaster Management . Watch as flooding overwhelms Haitians " Much of the water remained Friday in Gonaives , and the city was unreachable by car or truck , as roads were flooded and bridges had collapsed , Kaulard said . "  We need to send food and water and primary needs , " said Jean-Pierre Gueatou , executive director of the Haitian Red Cross . "  The other things , they will come later . " People trudged through city streets that were covered in murky brown water thigh-deep and higher in some places . Some residents camped out on their roofs , their clothing and blankets hung over the sides of buildings . "  Drinking water is the biggest problem , " said Joel Trimble , co-founder of Haiti for Christ Ministries . "  That water that everybody 's been wading in -- now for days -- is contaminated with dead carcasses of animals , and cadavers of people . " "  We remember the last time this happened , " a man told The Associated Press , according to the agency 's translation . "  It was the same situation . A lot of aid money was given for nothing . They did nothing with that money . If that money had been invested in this town , we would not be in this situation today . " "  People really have lost a lot of things , " Kaulard said . "  They are asking for clothes , they are asking for water , they are asking for food . "  The situation is very tense , people are exhausted . " Kaulard said World Food Programme officials hope to send another ship laden with similar supplies on Saturday , before Hurricane Ike , a Category 3 storm in the central Atlantic , approaches . Ike is predicted to sweep more than 100 miles north of Hispaniola -- the island shared by Haiti and the Dominican Republic . "  We really hope that the current trajectory ... is maintained , " Kaulard said . On Friday , the U.S. Coast Guard delivered enough hygiene kits , plastic sheeting and water jugs for 2,000 people in Gonaives , according to the U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince . With those supplies , and others expected to arrive Saturday in Gonaives on a U.S. Coast Guard cutter , the United States expects to help about 10,000 people , the embassy said . In addition , the USS Kearsarge is expected to arrive Monday in Haiti from Colombia to support relief efforts , the embassy said , though it noted that Hurricane Ike could delay its arrival . U.S. ambassadors in Jamaica and Haiti have authorized $ 100,000 in emergency relief for each country , and the United States is providing $ 50,000 worth for the Dominican Republic , said State Department deputy spokesman Robert Wood in Washington . The United States offered to send humanitarian relief and a disaster assistance team to Cuba , but has received no response from the Cuban government , the State Department said . "  The situation in Gonaives is catastrophic , " Daniel Rouzier , Haiti chairman of Food for the Poor , wrote in an e-mail , according to the AP . "  We , just like the rest of the victims ... have limited mobility . You ca n't float a boat , drive a truck or fly anything to the victims . " CNN 's Charley Keyes contributed to this report	International aid groups struggle to reach thousands after Tropical Storm Hanna Hurricane Ike also could hit Haiti this weekend Poorest country in the Western Hemisphere has been hit by 3 storms in a month Drinking water in Haiti is contaminated by bodies , Haitian volunteer says
CNN  -- Pardoned but hardly chastened , ex-President Richard Nixon defended his administration 's secrecy and wiretaps in combative testimony before a Watergate grand jury following his resignation , newly released documents reveal . Archivists released nearly 50,000 pages of records and about 45 minutes of audio recordings Thursday , including hundreds of pages of transcripts of Nixon 's June 1975 testimony . Special prosecutors were still trying to document the breadth of the scandal that had driven him from power nearly a year earlier , while Nixon did his best to defend his presidency . "  I mean it is your job , and I want the jury and the special prosecutors to kick the hell out of us for wiretapping and for the Plumbers and the rest , because obviously you may have concluded it is wrong , " Nixon is quoted in one of the transcripts . "  But I want to say this : That if as a result of the secret negotiations that we have had we have changed the world , which we have ; if as a result , we have saved American lives , which we did in Vietnam by shortening a war -- the secret Cambodian bombings saved at least 10,000 lives , as I have told you ; if as a result , we 'll have made some progress in reducing the threat of nuclear destruction by arms limitation with the Russians ; and if the other choice is to have what we call total openness , with no security whatever , then the United States is finished as a great power . Maybe a lot of people do n't care , but I care a great deal . I think all of you care a great deal . " The material includes Nixon 's recollection of one of the most unusual moments of his presidency -- a pre-dawn meeting at the Lincoln Memorial with student demonstrators outraged by his 1970 invasion of Cambodia . Nixon said he realized he could not convince them the move was needed to shorten the Vietnam War , but told them he hoped they would "  give us a hearing on some other issues where we might agree . " Nixon left office August 9 , 1974 , as Congress considered whether to impeach him over the Watergate scandal . The debacle began with a bungled burglary of the Democratic National Committee offices by Nixon campaign operatives before the 1972 election . The investigations that followed led to the exposure of a wide-ranging White House plan to sabotage political opponents , efforts to stop leaks by a White House squad known as the "  Plumbers " and Nixon 's orders to cover up the effort . Nixon 's successor , Gerald Ford , issued him a blanket pardon about a month after the resignation , foreclosing any prospect that the former president would ever face the prison terms many of his aides served . Nixon dodged questions about the mysterious 18Â 1/2 - minute gap in his Oval Office tapes that has fascinated historians for more than three decades , telling prosecutors that he "  practically blew my stack " when he learned of it . He suggested it happened while his secretary , Rose Mary Woods , was transcribing the tape , but characterized it as an accident . He mocked others in the White House who suggested other causes as "  amateurs " and "  clowns . " He recounted ordering then-White House Chief of Staff Alexander Haig to "  find out how this damn thing happened , " then apologized to the grand jurors for swearing . "  I am sorry , I was n't supposed to use profanity , " he said . "  You have enough on the tapes . " CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers and Bill Mears contributed to this report .	"  We have changed the world " despite Watergate , Nixon told grand jurors Transcripts are among nearly 50,000 pages of documents released Thursday A recording describes Nixon 's talk with anti-war demonstrators Nixon says he "  practically blew my stack " when he learned of tape gap
CNN  -- People in Kansas and Oklahoma expected to shiver because of the coming cold wave , but nobody prepared for the shaking caused Wednesday afternoon by an earthquake of magnitude 4.8 . "  It moved me and my recliner about eight inches across the floor , " a caller told the Sedgwick County 911 dispatch center , according to CNN affiliate KSN in Wichita , Kansas . "  It shook us pretty good here downtown , " the dispatcher replied . No injuries or heavy damage were reported , although quakes of that magnitude are capable of causing moderate damage . A number of less intense earthquakes occurred on Wednesday , the USGC said . Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The epicenter was 33 miles southwest of Wichita , the U.S. Geological Survey said on its website . It was felt in several other states , as far away as Irving , Texas , the USGS said in a tweet . "  We had put our Christmas tree up and every ornament shaking , " said Kristi Clinage of Medford , Oklahoma . "  In fact , my dog was sleeping in the chair . He came over and looked me like , ` What 's going on ? ' " Clinage said she had no damage at her coffee shop but noticed several people had posted on Facebook photos of cracked walls . Medford is about 20 miles south of the Kansas border . What to know about earthquakes Grace Fisher , an employee at Hired Man 's Grocery & Grill in Conway Springs , Kansas , was at work when the quake hit . "  I was standing at the register , " she said . "  There are racks of candy nearby . They were quivering and shaking . " Her first thought was that something had hit the building , but one of the customers said , "  Oh my God , that was an earthquake , " Fisher said . Callers to KSN told about their earthquake experience . "  The earthquake here in Derby was the largest I have ever felt , " said Bart Chilcott . "  The shaking was violent at first and then slowly tapered off after about 30 seconds . What amazed me most was the roaring sound it made . " CNN affiliate WIBW in Topeka , Kansas , said one caller reported cracked walls in his house . Security video from a liquor store showed shaking bottles , but none falling . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Quake epicenter 33 miles southwest of Wichita , USGS says "  It moved me and my recliner about eight inches across the floor , " caller tells 911 So far , no injuries or heavy damage reported
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A fourth person was arrested in in the case of four mentally disabled people who were found locked in the boiler room of a Philadelphia apartment building over the weekend , police said Wednesday . The daughter of Linda Ann Weston , 51 , who previously was arrested in the case , was brought in for questioning Tuesday night and was arrested early Wednesday , said Philadelphia police spokesman Officer Christine O'Brien . The woman , whose name was not given , likely will face the same charges as her mother and two other suspects , which include criminal conspiracy , aggravated assault , kidnapping , criminal trespass , unlawful restraint and false imprisonment , O'Brien said . More information will be released later Wednesday , she said . No bail had been set . On Tuesday , Philadelphia police Commissioner Charles Ramsey said a woman rescued from the boiler room claims she had two children while being held against her will , and that authorities have located 10 other potential victims . The four people , three men and a woman ranging in age from 29 to 41 , were found locked in the room with no food and only a bucket for a toilet , police said . The pitch-black , 15-foot-by-6-foot space houses what police described as a boiler used to heat the building . A penetrating stench of urine and feces still hung in the chamber days after the discovery . One of the four , identified as Derwin McLemire , had been chained to the boiler , police said . While police have not released the names of the four alleged victims , they confirmed the accuracy of media reports identifying them as McLemire , Herbert Knowles , Edwin Sanabria and Tamara Breeden . Weston ; Gregory Thomas , 47 ; and Eddie Wright , 49 , were previously arrested . Authorities were investigating whether the victims ' Social Security checks had been stolen , as well as several other leads . Six of the 10 new alleged victims are children , Ramsey said . Two of them , ages 2 and 5 , are believed to be the children born to Breeden , police said . Authorities did not divulge how Breeden became pregnant . Another is a 19-year-old niece of Weston , Ramsey said . "  The 19-year-old has visible injuries , she may have been beaten , and she has scars all over her body , " Ramsey said . Breeden said while she was with Weston , "  she says she gave birth to two children and we have no reason to doubt it , " he said . Weston had identification documents for about 50 people with her when she was arrested , Ramsey said . They included Social Security cards and court documents giving power of attorney , among others . Ramsey said police must track down all of those individuals and find out what happened to them and whether they were victims . It is possible that Weston has been involved in similar activity dating back to the late 1990s , he said . "  We do n't know the extent of this , " Ramsey told CNN Tuesday . "  We do know it goes beyond the borders of Pennsylvania -- at least Texas , Florida and Virginia , and we suspect other locations as well . " Three of the four alleged victims spoke to the media about their harrowing experience on Monday . "  That was real dirty of you . That was wrong , " a tearful McLemire told CNN affiliate KYW , talking about his alleged captors . The alleged victims said they were beaten and were afraid of the suspects in the case . Breeden told KYW Weston hit her in the head , "  and all this was bleeding and everything . " McLemire , Breeden and a third man , Herbert Knowles , told KYW their Social Security information was taken from them . McLemire , who said he is from North Carolina , said he met Weston on an online dating site , according to KYW . He said once he attempted to escape from a home of Weston 's , "  and I did n't get away , so they got me . " Bond for each of the three suspects was set at $ 2.5 million , according to the Philadelphia district attorney 's office . The FBI joined the probe after detectives discovered one of the accused had traveled to at least two other states with the people found in the basement of the northeast Philadelphia apartment building , police spokesman Evers said . Weston served eight years in prison for killing her sister 's boyfriend in the early 1980s , Ramsey said earlier . In that case , the victim "  was held captive for an extended period of time , locked in a closet and he literally starved to death , " he said . "  That concerns us because obviously , she 's capable of quite a bit of a lot of different things , " he said . Asked why Weston is not still behind bars , Ramsey said Tuesday , "  That 's a good question . Our legal system is what it is , but you would think that someone who 's committed a crime that horrific would still be in jail . But she was n't , and obviously she was n't fully rehabilitated , either . " Ramsey said he has a team of detectives working the case , and is likely to put a task force together for long-term investigation , because "  this is not one that 's going to end very quickly . " Weston is believed to have been in McLean , Texas , with some or all of the alleged captives . They then traveled to Florida and Philadelphia , Evers said . All seven had been traveling together , he said , but he did not know for how long . A preliminary hearing for the suspects on the charges and evidence in the Philadelphia case was set for October 24 . No pleas were entered on Monday , with that to happen at a formal arraignment at a date yet to be set . CNN 's Melanie Whitley , Tom Faust , Ross Levitt and Kyra Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : The arrested woman is the daughter of suspect Linda Ann Weston One of the alleged victims says she had two children while in captivity The two children are ages 2 and 5 , police say The children are part of 10 new alleged victims in the case , poilce say
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo provided the perfect riposte to FIFA president Sepp Blatter after scoring a hat-trick as Real Madrid beat Sevilla 7-3 on a night when Gareth Bale grabbed his first goals at the Bernabeu . Days after Blatter had made a bizarre impersonation of the Portuguese while saying the star spent "  a lot of money at the hairdressers " , the 28-year-old scored his third career hat-trick against Sevilla to go top of the scoring charts in Spain with 11 goals . He celebrated his first goal from the penalty spot with a military salute in a mocking response to Blatter 's description of him as a "  commander " last week . The absorbing victory also allowed Real to put Saturday 's defeat by Barcelona behind them , not just because of the three points but also because Bale , the most expensive footballer in history , began to repay some of his fee . Making his first start as a home player at the legendary Bernabeu , the Welshman scored twice , made another two and also managed to complete his first 90 minutes in his seventh appearance for Madrid . Despite Bale 's largely anonymous display at Camp Nou , which was blamed on a lack of match practice , Real coach Carlo Ancelotti was wholly vindicated by his decision to keep faith in the 24-year-old , who curled home a fine opener before a free-kick was deflected in as he handed Real a 2-0 lead . On a satisfying night for the hosts , for whom substitute Xabi Alonso made his first appearance of the season after injury , Karim Benzema also grabbed a brace as Real moved up to third in the table , six points behind Barca . Sevilla were reduced to 10 men late on when Stephane Mbia received his second yellow card . In Italy , both Napoli and Juventus closed the gap on Roma to just two points , but the league leaders can extend their lead -- and register a perfect 10 victories from their opening 10 league games -- when hosting bottom side Chievo on Thursday . Goals from Jose Maria Callejon and Dries Mertens helped Napoli win 2-1 at Fiorentina , with both sides reduced to 10 men late on , while Andrea Pirlo and Carlos Tevez were among the goals as Juventus thumped Catania 4-0 at home . Elsewhere , Brazilian Kaka scored his first goal since returning for AC Milan as the seven-time European champions were held to a 1-1 draw by visitors Lazio . One of the most surprising results of the night came in France , where big spending Monaco suffered their first defeat of the season at the hands of fellow Ligue 1 side Reims in the League Cup . Fielding a weakened side that was deprived of the suspended Radamel Falcao , Monaco were knocked out of the cup after suffering their first defeat since May -- as midfielder Antoine Devaux fired home in the first half . Claudio Ranieri 's side travel to Lille , who have not conceded a goal in six league games , at the weekend in a battle of the two sides immediately behind Paris Saint-Germain at the top of the table . In England , Tottenham Hotspur and Manchester City both progressed to the quarterfinals with respective victories over Hull City and Newcastle United . City won 2-0 in extra-time thanks to goals from Alvaro Negredo and Edin Dzeko , while Spurs won through 8-7 on penalties after drawing 2-2 at home against Hull . Spurs ' win capped a miserable week in London for Egypt 's Ahmed Elmohamady , who missed the decisive penalty just days after being penalized for a harsh handball in Tottenham 's 1-0 league win against the same opponents on Saturday .	Ronaldo hits a hat-trick and Bale a double as Real Madrid beat Sevilla 7-3 Napoli and Juventus close the gap on league leaders Roma in Italy Monaco suffer first defeat of the season in French League Cup
CNN  -- President Barack Obama got help from his wife and his vice president Wednesday in continuing a public pressure campaign on Republicans to join Democrats in passing his $ 447 billion jobs plan . First lady Michelle Obama announced that 270 private companies have pledged to hire 25,000 veterans and their spouses by the end of 2013 . The companies are part of a trade group called the American Logistics Association . Their commitment , she said , would fulfill 25 % of the president 's call for private-sector companies to hire or train 100,000 veterans and military spouses in the next two years . The first lady 's announcement preceded a speech by Obama at a joint military base in Virginia on the third and last day of his bus tour through North Carolina and Virginia aimed at pressuring Congress to pass his jobs package . Obama discussed the importance of hiring American veterans during a stop at the Joint Base Langley-Eustis , calling the initiative a top priority . "  There are far too many veterans who are coming home and having to struggle to find a good job , " Obama said . "  It does n't make any sense . " The president said , "  We ask our men and women in uniform to leave their families . "  The last thing you should have to do is fight for a job when you come home , " he said . He also called on Congress to pass his jobs bill , saying the need to focus on jobs was "  an American responsibility . " Later in the day , Obama used a speech to firefighters in North Chesterfield , Virginia , to urge Republicans to stop opposing his jobs plan . Republican counter-proposals to cut regulations and roll back health care and Wall Street reforms failed to address the need to reduce unemployment , Obama argued . "  Dirtier air , dirtier water , fewer people on health care , no accountability on Wall Street -- that is not a jobs plan , " Obama said . "  I 'm happy to have a debate , but in the meantime , let 's focus on putting people back to work . " In particular , Obama called for Congress to pass one component of his plan that would provide funding for state and local governments to hire police officers , firefighters and teachers . The measure would be paid for by increasing the tax rate on millionaires by 0.5 % . "  My taxes will go up a little bit , but I can afford it , " Obama said . Vice President Joe Biden also pushed for the measure , telling a Senate Democratic rally in support of the jobs plan that the specific provision meant someone earning $ 1.1 million a year would pay an extra $ 500 in taxes . "  And you know the really sad thing about it is ? The millionaires know we should do this . They do n't oppose this , " Biden said . "  They know it is the equitable thing to do . " Republicans have blocked debate on the Obama jobs plan in the Senate . They argue that any tax increase would harm economic growth and job creation , while Obama and Democrats contend that the president 's package ensures immediate job growth . Asked by CNN why Obama kept pushing a tax hike that Republicans continually reject , Biden said the debate exposed GOP reluctance to work with the White House and Democrats on an agreement . "  There 's not a single thing they are for , " Biden said . "  How can they argue against a half-percent surtax on people whose average income is a million bucks ? " Senate Republican Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky accused Obama of using his bus trip for political campaigning instead of working with Republicans on jobs legislation that can pass with support from both parties . "  Everyone knows the last thing you want to do in a jobs crisis is raise taxes , " McConnell said on the Senate floor . "  But for some reason , he 's determined to keep trying anyway , and Republicans are n't about to go along with it . " Calling Obama "  completely out of touch , " McConnell said the White House and Congress should "  forget about the tax hikes , let 's drop the talking points about millionaires and billionaires , and let 's work together on bipartisan jobs legislation that 's designed to pass , not designed to fail . " Obama , however , continued to push for a public campaign to pressure Republicans to pass his plan . "  We 'll see if they fight just as hard for your job as they do for their own job , " he told the Virginia firefighters . Democrats are promising to force votes on individual components of the Obama plan , starting with $ 35 billion for states and localities to hire more teachers and first responders while preventing current ones from being laid off . That part of the plan could come up for a vote before the end of this week . Republicans have accused the president of engaging in "  class warfare , " while Democrats say wealthier Americans need to share in the cost of fiscal responsibility . Among other things , Obama 's overall blueprint includes an extension and expansion of the current payroll tax cut , an extension of jobless benefits , new tax credits for businesses that hire the long-term unemployed and additional money to help save and create jobs for teachers and first responders such as firefighters . CNN 's Ted Barrett and Tom Cohen contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama and his vice president push for jobs legislation First lady announces companies ' pledge to hire 25,000 veterans and their spouses Obama blasts Republicans ' opposition to his $ 447 billion jobs bill GOP leaders accuse president of dividing the country for short-term political gain
CNN  -- Melissa McCarthy is one of the hottest actresses in Hollywood right now , so it 's no wonder that Elle magazine named her one of their top 2013 "  Women in Hollywood , " and even put the plus-size comedian on the cover . However , some critics are crying foul at the cover shot , decrying it as fat-shaming . In an article for Slate.com , writer June Thomas laments , "  McCarthy 's hair covers a quarter of her gorgeous face , and with her hands stuffed deep into her coat pockets , the only visible flesh is a tiny triangle between the coat 's lapels and the briefest glimpse of calf . " Why Elle magazine got McCarthy right McCarthy is seen wearing a large green coat that covers nearly her entire body , with unruly hair that also covers a portion of her face . In contrast , other actresses who had their own covers , such as Reese Witherspoon , showed off their bodies in figure-hugging outfits . People on Twitter expressed their outrage and disappointment : " #Elle Put Melissa McCarthy In A Big Coat To Hide Her Body - The coat is gorge , but the difference in shots is sad , " tweeted Curvy Exchange , a community that buys and sells plus-sized fashion . Elle responded to the controversy by releasing a statement about the November issue : "  On all of our shoots , our stylists work with the stars to choose pieces they feel good in , and this is no different , " a spokesperson for the magazine said . "  Melissa loved this look , and is gorgeous on our cover . We are thrilled to honor her as one of our Women in Hollywood this year . " See the original story at HLNTV.com .	Actress graces the cover of Elle magazine 's 2013 ` Women in Hollywood ' issue Critics say McCarthy hid her body , while other actresses showed off figures
CNN  -- Consumerism is threatening to undermine measures by governments worldwide to combat climate change effectively according to a report by a U.S. think tank . In its "  State of the World 2010 " report , the Worldwatch Institute warns that without a shift from consumerism to sustainability "  no government pledges or technological advances will be enough to rescue humanity from unacceptably hazardous environmental and climate risks . " The 27th annual report by the Washington , D.C.-based research organization says the world consumed $ 30.5 trillion goods and services in 2006 -- up 28 percent on the figure recorded 10 years earlier . The rise means that the world now digs up the equivalent of 112 Empire State Buildings in materials every day with the typical American consuming an average of 88 kilograms  144 pounds  of goods every day -- more than the average weight of an average U.S. male -- the report says . Erik Assadourian , senior researcher and director of the 2010 report told CNN : "  In essence , the whole point of the report is to say that for humanity to thrive long into the future we 'll need to transform our cultures intentionally and proactively away from consumerism towards sustainability . " The 244-page study details the work of 60 authors who explain strategies and present examples of cultures reorienting away from excessive consumption towards sustainable practices . "  There are six key societal institutions -- education , business , government , media , traditions and social movements , " Assadourian said . "  We break those six apart and address how we can use those institutions now to help create a cultures of sustainability . " In the chapter "  Rethinking School Food : The Power of the Public Plate , " authors Kevin Morgan and Roberta Sonnino highlight the example being set in Italy . "  Italian schools have been sourcing locally for decades , " they explain , "  often complementing their emphasis on local products with a wide range of educational initiatives for children and their parents that emphasize the values of seasonality and territoriality . " New eco-communities like Vauban in the German city of Freiburg are singled out for praise in the chapter "  Building the Cities of the Future . " The 5000 residents in the new neighborhoods inthe south of the city power their homes and business using 100 percent renewable electricity . Assadourian believes the path towards sustainability will also be aided by harnessing social marketing to spread a new message . "  Despite the vast majority of media today reinforcing consumerism , there are efforts worldwide to tap media 's vast reach and power to promote sustainable cultures , " he said . "  No longer is it enough to simply change our lifestyles . We have to take an active role in changing the very cultures we are part of . "	U.S. think tank urges cultural shift away from consumerism to rescue humanity from climate change Report claims the world digs up 112 Empire State Buildings worth every day in materials In 2006 world consumed over $ 30 trillion worth of goods and services
Johannesburg  CNN  -- The trial of two men accused of killing white supremacist leader Eugene Terreblanche is expected to start in the South African town of Ventersdorp on Monday . Terreblanche , the leader of the neo-Nazi Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging  Afrikaner Resistance Movement , or AWB  , was killed in April following an apparent dispute over wages with workers on his farm . Police have charged Chris Mahlangu , 29 , and a 16-year-old in the death . The trial was initially scheduled for December but was postponed several times as lawyers for the defendants changed . Terreblanche , 69 , was bludgeoned with clubs and stabbed with a machete during the attack at his farm near Ventersdorp in South Africa 's North West province , police said . The AWB is best known for trying to block South Africa 's effort to end apartheid . The group used terrorist tactics in a bid to stall the country 's first all-race vote in 1994 , killing more than 20 people in a wave of bombings on the eve of the elections . Terreblanche was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder of a black man who worked as a security guard on his farm . He served about two-thirds of a five-year sentence .	White supremacist Eugene Terreblanche was bludgeoned and stabbed at his farm He is believed to have died over a wage dispute He was convicted of a 1996 attempted murder
CNN  -- A University of Hawaii football player died after a large wave swept over him on an Oahu beach early Saturday . CNN affiliate KGMB-TV reported that the Honolulu Fire Department recovered the body of Willis Wilson , 21 , about 7:30 a.m. , three hours after he vanished from the beach . Wilson and two other people were in knee-deep water when the wave hit them , fire officials told KGMB . The other two people , and two more on the beach , could not locate Wilson . After an air , land and sea search , authorities found Wilson 's body . Wilson , a running back , graduated from high school in Lakewood , Washington , and spent three seasons at the University of Washington . He then transferred to Hawaii , where he had not appeared in a game this season . "  We are very saddened by the news of Willis ' passing , " Hawaii football coach Norm Chow said in a statement . "  He was a very fun-loving young man who was well liked by his teammates . " Wilson 's father , Jack Wilson Jr. , played for Hawaii in the late 1980s , the university said . Good Samaritan drowns trying to save California teen , man swept into ocean CNN Sports ' Joseph S. Miller contributed to this report .	Willis Wilson , 21 , was in knee-deep water when wave hit Wilson previously spent three seasons at the University of Washington Coach : "  He was a very fun-loving young man " Wilson 's father also played football for Hawaii
The law passed at the height of America 's civil rights movement , when citizens in parts of the country were fighting each other and sometimes authorities over how skin color impacts a person 's place in a democracy . Now , its present and future are in doubt after the Supreme Court 's 5-4 decision Tuesday that key parts of the Voting Rights Act of 1965 are no longer valid . The prevailing opinion leaves it to a divided Congress to revise the law , so that it 's constitutional in the minds of a majority of justices . The main reason for the ruling , Chief Justice John Roberts explained , was that "  our country has changed " for the better . Deplorable conditions that spurred Congress five decades ago to require certain parts of the United States to "  preclear " changes to voting laws "  no longer characterize voting in the covered jurisdictions . " The formula that Congress enacted as recently as 2006 , to determine which areas are covered by the act , has "  no logical relation to the present day , " Roberts wrote in the majority opinion . "  While any racial discrimination in voting is too much , Congress must ensure that the legislation it passes to remedy the problem speaks to the current conditions , " he said . Read the ruling Officials hailed the decision in places such as Selma and Shelby County , Alabama , which raised the case when it sued the federal government . But President Barack Obama did not , nor did civil rights leaders . John Lewis is one of them . Born to sharecroppers in Alabama in 1940 , he became a leader in the civil rights movement , working with the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and others . In March 1965 , he led hundreds protesting voting rights in Alabama when they were confronted by Alabama authorities after crossing the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma -- an incident that became known as "  Bloody Sunday . " Long a U.S. representative from Georgia , Lewis said what happened then is relevant now , and he claimed "  numerous attempts to impede voting rights " nationwide still need to be addressed . To him , the high court decision -- which he said "  stuck a dagger into the heart of the Voting Rights Act " -- is personal . "  These men never stood in unmovable lines , " said Lewis of the justices , referring to voter registration ques that never moved . "  They were never denied the right to participate in the democratic process . They were never beaten , jailed , run off their farms or fired from their jobs . "  No one they knew died simply trying to register to vote . They are not the victims of gerrymandering or contemporary unjust schemes to maneuver them out of their constitutional rights . " What the ruling says Tuesday 's ruling does n't change the fact it 's still illegal to discriminate against a person when it comes to voting . But it does change how some governments have been singled out . Unlike the rest of the nation , these municipalities , counties and states have had to get the federal government 's approval first before they made any changes to their voting laws and regulations . Civil rights groups say the Voting Rights Act -- specifically Section 5 , the mechanism for the special treatment for some locales -- has been an important tool in protecting minority voters from governments with a history of setting unfair barriers to the polls . Lewis recalled some Tuesday , such as devious "  literacy tests " or asking people to figure "  the number of jelly beans in a jar . " "  My own father , my own mother , my grandparents could not register to vote simply because of the color of their skin , " he told CNN . In her dissenting opinion , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg pointed out that Congress passed the latest installment of the Voting Rights Act with "  overwhelming bipartisan support , " saying the representatives legitimately exercised their constitutional powers in doing so . "  The sad irony of today 's decision lies in  the court 's  utter failure to grasp why the  law  has proven effective , " Ginsburg wrote . Opinion : How segregation got busted But her view did n't rule the day . Instead , the ruling decision overturned critical aspects of the law . Specifically , Section 4 -- the formula the federal government uses to determine which states and counties are subject to continued oversight -- was struck down . Roberts said that formula , which was devised in 1972 and later reauthorized by Congress , is outdated and unworkable . That means Section 5 effectively can not be enforced . It relies heavily on the coverage formula to determine which governments must still run any changes by the U.S. Justice Department . In his ruling opinion , Roberts faulted Congress for not updating "  the coverage formula " last decade to reflect changing times . "  Its failure leaves us today with no choice but to declare Section 4 unconstitutional , " he wrote . "  The formula in that section can no longer be used as a basis for subjecting jurisdictions to preclearance . " As Roberts noted , this does n't make discrimination against voters legal , all of a sudden . But it does lift a key barrier to authorities in some states to make changes independently . Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott , for one , announced Tuesday that after the decision "  the state 's voter ID law will take effect immediately  and  redistricting maps passed by the Llegislature may also take effect without approval from the federal government . " "  That basically gives a green light to these nine Southern states and a handful of other jurisdictions to change the law any way they want and basically say to the Justice Department , ` Catch me if you can , ' " explained CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  It looks like these Southern states are going to start making changes . And we 'll see how that 's going to affect the right to vote in the relatively near future . " Should every state , county be treated the same ? The Obama administration points out some governments have gotten out of Section 5 under the now old rules . For example , 31 cities and counties and Virginia successfully petitioned to be exempt from the preclearance requirements in recent years , though the rest of the state remains under federal oversight . The law had been working in preventing "  discriminatory voting changes , " Attorney General Eric Holder said . Specifically , he mentioned how it blocked Texas from adopting a new congressional redistricting map that would have "  discriminated against Latino voters . " Holder also said the Voting Rights Act changed how South Carolina will implement a law requiring photo identification before being allowed to vote . Those changes , he said , protected black voters who would have been "  disproportionately " affected . Obama characterized Tuesday 's ruling as a "  setback , " even as he vowed his "  administration will continue to do everything in its power to ensure a fair and equal voting process . " Voting discrimination , he said , still exists , and the decision "  upsets decades of well-established practices that help make sure voting is fair . " Others offered even stronger language . Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York called Tuesday 's decision a "  devastating blow for civil rights and voting rights ; " New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo described it as "  deeply troubling ; " and NAACP President Ben Jealous called the decision "  outrageous , " because it makes minority voters "  more vulnerable to the flood of attacks we have seen in recent years . " Rep. Marcia Fudge , chairwoman of the Black Congressional Caucus -- in a statement that included remarks from the heads of Hispanic and Asian groups in Congress -- slammed the high court for its choice "  to ignore " reports that " racial discrimination in voting districts continues to exist . " But the sentiments were markedly different in Alabama , where Gov. Robert Bentley said the decision "  reflects how conditions have improved . " "  The justices correctly acknowledged that the covered jurisdictions should no longer be punished by the federal government for conditions that existed over 40 years ago , " said Frank Ellis , the county attorney for Shelby County , where 11 % of residents are African-American compared to 28 % statewide . "  The South is an altogether different place than it was in 1965 . " Edward Blum , a conservative and director of the Project on Fair Representation , said Tuesday he 's happy that no government is now singled out . "  This decision restores an important constitutional order to our system of government , " he said . "  And that requires that all 50 states and every jurisdiction have the laws applied equally to them . " Veterans of forgotten voting war count the cost	A state voter ID law will "  take effect immediately " in Texas , attorney general says Supreme Court rules that key parts of that 1965 law are unconstitutional Chief Justice Roberts says "  our country has changed " for the better Rep. Lewis faults court for putting "  a dagger in the heart of the Voting Rights Act "
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Blood and body parts littered the ground outside Turkey 's embassy in Somalia on Saturday afternoon , the grisly result of a blast that police said left six dead and nine wounded . A minivan packed with explosives went off around 5 p.m. in the heart of Mogadishu , just a few meters from the Turkish diplomatic post , said police Col. Ahmed Mohamud . When it was over , two Somali security guards , a university student and three attackers were dead , according to Mohamud . Turkish embassy sources said that two of its staff members were among the wounded . Somali police and Turkish embassy guards , meanwhile , converged on the scene . Mangled buses and cars ended up in a disfigured heap , while the windows of numerous nearby apartments were shattered . Al-Shabaab -- a militant Islamist group with connections to al Qaeda -- claimed responsibility for the attack . "  We are behind the martyrdom explosion , " the group claimed via Twitter . "  The Turkish were our main target . " The U.S. government reacted Saturday to "  the terrorist attack " by pledging its solidarity with Turkey , "  the people of Somalia ... and all members of the international community who are working for peace and stability in Somalia . " "  This cowardly act will not shake our commitment to continue working for the brighter , more democratic and prosperous future the people of Somalia deserve , " State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki said in a statement . Somali President Hassan Sheikh Mohamoud similarly blasted what he called "  an act of cowardly desperation by terrorists " against one of his nation 's "  most determined and dependable allies . " He lauded Turks ' "  tireless efforts " over the past two years to help build new schools and hospitals , among other contributions . "  I condemn this criminal act of terrorism and my government and security forces will do everything it can to catch those who planned and directed it , " Hassan said . "  We must continue to stand firm against those who seek to destroy this country and , with the brave support of our allies , we must double our efforts to deliver the peaceful future the Somali people so desperately want . " Saturday 's bombing was the second major attack in Mogadishu in a few days : On Wednesday , at least one person died in the capital after a bomb hidden in a lawmaker 's car blew up . The targeted member of Parliament , Sheikh Adan Mader , and other lawmakers were out of the car when the blast occurred and were unharmed , police said . Designated a foreign terrorist organization by the U.S. government in 2008 , al-Shabaab has waged a war with Somali 's government in an effort to implement a stricter form of Islamic law in the country . Its forces were pushed out of Mogadishu in summer 2011 by Somali and other African forces , raising hopes of a return to relative security in a city after about 20 years of violence . But the militants have persisted by maintaining control of large rural areas of southern and central Somalia and staging guerrilla-style attacks . In one such attack that al-Shabaab took credit for , in June , at least 14 people died and 15 were wounded in an attack on U.N. headquarters in Mogadishu . In addition to its volatile security situation , Somalia has been plagued by famine . A May report by the United Nations Food and Agriculture Organization and the USAID-funded Famine Early Warning Systems Network , found that 258,000 Somalis had died in the famine between October 2010 and April 2012 . Half of the famine victims were children younger than 5 . Journalist Omar Nor reported from Somalia , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : Somali president decries what he calls an "  act of cowardly desperation " A minivan full of explosives blows up outside Turkish embassy in Mogadishu Two security guards , a student and three attackers die , Somali police say Islamist militant group al-Shabaab claims responsibility
CNN  -- Elvis Presley . Marilyn Monroe . Jim Morrison . Officials wo n't say where Michael Jackson was buried , but family gathered at Forest Lawn Memorial Park . Their graves are public shrines for fans and followers . Countless people from all over the world make pilgrimages to their burial sites , hoping to draw close to those they adored from afar . Now Michael Jackson 's gravesite will become the next holy grail . A private gathering for the pop icon was held Tuesday at Forest Lawn Memorial Park in Hollywood Hills , California . Afterward , his casket was taken to the public memorial service at the Staples Center in Los Angeles . But it remains unclear whether his body has been interred -- or where . Officials at Forest Lawn wo n't disclose where Jackson 's body is being buried . If his final resting place is at Forest Lawn , fans who wish to visit will have to overcome the funeral company 's stringent security patrols . A Los Angeles Police Department official told CNN that the force hoped Jackson would be buried outside of its jurisdiction for fear officers might be assigned to protect the grave for months . There has been some speculation that Jackson 's body will eventually be moved to Neverland Ranch in Santa Barbara County , California . But that would require the family to obtain zoning exemptions and settle legal disputes , which could take years . Jackson retained only a small share of ownership in the ranch . If a public memorial were created at Neverland -- or anywhere -- it might easily surpass the tombs of Marilyn Monroe and Elvis Presley as the most-visited gravesite . "  If it gets moved somewhere more public , I think a lot of people will come visit , " said Steve Goldstein , author of L.A. 's Gravesite Companion : Where the VIP 's RIP . "  He 'll probably take over as the most visited grave site over Marilyn . " Fame follows celebrities in life and in death . "  There 's always a fascination with celebrities , but it 's rude to stalk people and sit outside their houses , " says Jim Tipton , founder of findagrave.com , a site that lists the grave records of more than 34 million celebrities and ordinary citizens . "  But once they are interred into the ground , anyone who wants to go can go . " Tipton 's fascination with locating earthly remains began 15 years ago , when he saw mobster Al Capone 's grave in Mount Carmel Cemetery in Hillside , Illinois . He and many others who are avid about visiting celebrity and historical graves dub themselves "  grave hunters . " They seek the dead for various reasons . Some go out of simple curiosity . Others are history lovers . Many are fans who deeply admired the stars . Some say they feel a connection to the celebrities by standing beside their graves . At Elvis Presley 's Graceland in Memphis , Tennessee , guests visiting the grave can stay at the retro Heartbreak Hotel and visit the museum to learn more about the King of Rock and Roll . Westwood Memorial Park and Cemetery in Los Angeles houses Hollywood notables including sex symbol Marilyn Monroe and comic Rodney Dangerfield . The most recent celebrity to be buried there is actress Farrah Fawcett , who died of cancer last month . Visitors can access the cemetery easily , and even tour buses drop by . "  I 'm a product of that era , of Charlie 's Angels , " said Jayne Osborne , a self-proclaimed grave hunter who visited Fawcett 's grave a week ago . The 48-year-old education administrator began searching for celebrity graves in the early 1970s . Since then , she 's visited hundreds of celebrity resting places in Southern California . "  I wanted to pay my respect . " At Westwood , the most popular grave site remains Monroe 's . Fans often decorate her grave with flowers and cards . Her headstone is slightly darker than the others from so many fans touching it , grave hunters say . In Père-Lachaise , the largest cemetery in Paris , France , American singer Jim Morrison 's grave is tattooed with graffiti and artwork . Morrison fans like to leave candles , poems and gifts as tokens of appreciation . At one point , fans were so rowdy that a stone block was put in place in an attempt to seal the grave from fans trying to unearth it . After unsuccessful attempts by French authorities to move the tomb to another site , security officers were placed at the grave . Similar trouble plagued Rose Hill Cemetery in Macon , Georgia , where members of the Allman Brothers Band were buried in the early 1970s . Thousands of fans journeyed to visit the graves and party there , leaving behind cigarette butts and empty alcohol bottles . Relatives fought to have an iron fence erected around the graves . Some celebrity graves prove tempting to visitors , like that of heartthrob actor James Dean . His headstone in a public cemetery in Fairmount , Indiana , has been stolen twice . Forest Lawn Memorial Park remains one of the most exclusive Hollywood burial sites . The staff is tight lipped , refusing to release the whereabouts of anyone buried there , except to family members . Security cars constantly patrol the grounds . "  We do n't advocate or promote any visitation out of respect for the privacy of the family , " said William Martin , a spokesman for company . Company officials would n't say whether Jackson 's body was , or could be , tucked into one of the cemetery 's locked gardens where celebrities like Humphrey Bogart , Jean Harlow and Sammy Davis Jr. are laid to rest . If Jackson is buried in Forest Lawn , that wo n't stop fans and grave hunters from trying to sneak in , says Karen Fogarty , a paralegal from the San Fernando Valley area in California and an occasional celebrity grave hunter . "  It 's going to keep Forest Lawn on their toes , " she said .	Celebrities ' graves become public shrines for fans and followers Grave hunters say people will try visit Michael Jackson 's burial site Forest Lawn Memorial Park employees wo n't say whether Jackson 's body is there Funeral company has stringent security patrols .
Wearing a sheer leopard top , Rauda Alaita buzzed around her beauty salon in Damascus . She decided six months ago to open this little shop , paint its walls seafoam green and call it Aloe Vera . "  Everybody told me you are crazy ! Starting a business now ? " she said . "  But I thought I should try , and it worked quite well ! " Alaita 's hair fell in gelled tendrils around her cheerful face . Her eyes were done up glamorously in a cat-eye . Is n't it strange , running a salon in the middle of a war ? "  I think life goes on , " she replied . "  People are tired . "  In the beginning , everyone was so sad , but little by little , everyone got used to it . It 's crazy . " For more than a year and a half , the story of Syria has been told in bodies and bombs . An estimated 28,000 people have died since March 2011 when demonstrators , inspired by Arab Spring uprisings in Tunisia , Libya and Egypt , began rallying for a freer country . They wanted President Bashar al-Assad , who had essentially inherited power from his long-ruling family , gone . Al-Assad cracked down on protesters , claiming "  terrorists " were attacking the country and blocked most foreign media  or at least made reporting in Syria a life-risking enterprise  . The media have depended largely on accounts from rebels fighting al-Assad or al-Assad 's own state-run media , the occasional on-the-ground human rights worker or Internet videos Syrians have posted , which are very difficult to vet . Nearly all of it has been about death and misery . None of it has looked like Aloe Vera or the surprisingly vibrant scene CNN experienced during a recent and rare visit to Damascus . The scene in many parts of this city , home to more than 2 million , was far less bloody than expected . People were shopping , walking along crowded streets and going to their jobs . Women were getting their nails done . Syria says Damascus suburbs ` cleansed ' ; 57 reported dead nationwide "  We are trying to have a normal life , to live like we usually do , " said Rama Handi as an Aloe Vero manicurist lacquered her nails red . "  But inside us , it 's not the same , " she said . "  It will never be the same . " She and Alaita say the same thing . They feel stuck in the middle . "  I 'm not part of any side , " the salon owner said . "  It makes it very difficult because nowadays you can not be in the middle . " Before , people would just talk to each other . Now , you ca n't have a simple conversation without someone asking first , "  Are you with the government or against the government ? " " ` Are you with or against us ? ' " Alaita mimicked . "  It has become really funny . " Handi wore jeans and crossed her petite legs . A fashionable chunky necklace complemented her casual green button-up . Her full , blond hair framed her face . She looked sad but smiled as she politely answered a reporter 's questions . How has life changed ? "  When we see the people , the people who are living in the streets ... the homes that are gone ... everything makes us unhappy , " she said . "  Even the jobs ,  they are  not like in the past . " She keeps trying to explain . For instance , she offers , she still goes to restaurants . But now she 's mindful to leave well before dusk arrives . You have to go home early , she said , because nobody wants to be outside , just in case . Shells are falling , but where , no one can predict . Handi moved her children to a school close to home , fearing for their safety on the 30-minute drive to a better school on the edge of Damascus . "  How do you explain it ? My little boy , he does n't understand really what 's happening , " she said . "  But my daughter ... she understands what 's happening . "  We can lie to them . We have to say what is happening , but we  do n't  say the people die . " She tells them : There is a bad situation in the country . The first time Alaita heard shelling , she was with one of her young sons . They were both scared . "  Little by little , we start making joke that it 's a water pipe sound , " she said . She felt kind of guilty about kidding around . "  I know it 's really bad because people are dying ... for nothing ! " she said . "  People are stupid . For nothing this goes on ! " Handi likes to think things will get better . "  We hope ... everything will be good , " she says , her voice straining . Not far from the salon , in a middle-class neighborhood near the center of the city , another woman , a pharmacist , is doing brisk business . Her shelves are well-stocked . She 's afraid of reprisals from the rebels and asked not to be named . She looks like she 's in her 50s . Her make-up is soft and her hair is pulled back the way that women who are very busy style it . She wears a white lab coat . Her female assistant wears the same , a white hijab covers her hair entirely . Business is down maybe 30 % , the pharmacist said , but that 's mostly because customers are n't buying as many cosmetics and creams anymore . "  We sell too much medicine for anti-stress , depression , sleeping pills , " she said . "  Yes , we sell too much now . " She 's asked how she feels about al-Assad . She says she supports the president . Fighting in Syria is a "  game " involving "  big countries " such as Russia and the United States , she believes . There are "  many hands outside " Syria that are responsible for the violence . She does n't think al-Assad is to blame . "  I like him . He 's a young man , " she said , echoing a sentiment some Syrians have expressed about 47-year-old al-Assad . They see -- or , at least , saw -- his youth as a sign of modernity and progressivism . Since taking power in 2000 , al-Assad has been praised for opening Syria 's market to the oil sector . He did open the country to foreign investment and introduced private banking . But in tandem with these advances , Syria 's record on human rights was consistently abysmal . People were imprisoned for political reasons . The government blocked access intermittently to the Internet between 2008 and 2011 . "  Maybe there is problem in our regime , but all regimes in countries over the world , they have problems , " the pharmacist said . "  Assad has improved Syria over the past several years . We have everything new in the country . We have many things -- private university , private banks , private schools , Internet . " Alaita also longs for the way life seemed before the violence . "  We have a lot of freedoms as a woman in Syria , " she said . "  I used to walk 3 a.m. at night and nobody would disturb me . I would travel to another  village  at night and not  be  worried . Now I can not go to the countryside without the army stopping me . " They always ask : Which side are you on ? "  What answer should I give ?! " she says . The rebels and al-Assad 's forces should stop fighting . "  I say , very bold , ` Stop it ! ' " Alaita insisted . "  What the hell we are doing ? Where did we get ourselves to ? " Turkey warns Syria future attacks ` will be silenced '	In the capital Damascus , life in some neighborhoods seems normal Women get their nails done , customers shop at a well-stocked pharmacy "  We are trying to have a normal life , " one woman says , "  but inside us , it 's not the same "
CNN  -- Former U.S. Marine Cesar Laurean was convicted in North Carolina on Monday of first degree murder in the 2007 death of Lance Cpl. Maria Lauterbach , who was eight months pregnant when she died . An autopsy showed that Lauterbach , 20 , died of blunt force trauma to the head . Police unearthed her charred body from beneath a barbecue pit in Laurean 's backyard in January 2008 . She had disappeared the month before . Laurean , who was dressed in black slacks and wore a white shirt and black tie , did not show any emotion as the judge read his sentence of life in prison without parole . He either said or mouthed something to someone in the audience of the courtroom before he was led out in handcuffs , video showed . Laurean and Lauterbach were stationed together at Camp Lejeune , North Carolina . "  I truly believe that Maria was the perfect victim . Because of her credibility problems , our pleas for help -LSB- after her disappearance -RSB- were rejected or discounted by everyone , " Mary Lauterbach , the victim 's mother , said after the verdict was read , CNN affiliate WRAL reported . North Carolina prosecutors alleged Laurean killed Lauterbach on December 14 and used her ATM card 10 days later before fleeing to Mexico . Laurean was arrested there in April 2008 . He holds dual citizenship in the United States and Mexico . Before her death , Lauterbach told the Marines that Laurean had raped her . Laurean denied it , and disappeared just a few weeks before a scheduled rape hearing at Camp LeJeune . WRAL reported Lauterbach later recanted the allegation of rape . The DNA of Lauterbach 's unborn child did not match that of Laurean , according to law enforcement personnel . Onslow County Chief Assistant District Attorney Ernie Lee said in his closing argument that Laurean needed to kill Lauterbach to salvage his military career , WRAL reported . "  I can get rid of my problem , " Lee said to explain what Laurean might have been thinking , reported WRAL . Authorities found Lauterbach 's body after Laurean 's wife , Christina , produced a note her husband had written claiming the 20-year-old woman slit her own throat during an argument , according to officials . Although a gaping 4-inch wound was found on the left side of Lauterbach 's neck , autopsy results indicated that the wound itself would not have been fatal and may have occurred after death . "  It is a just result , but still a tragedy with no winners , " Merle Wilberding , a lawyer who represented the Lauterbach family , wrote in an e-mail to CNN after the verdict . Laurean 's lawyer said his client would appeal the decision . CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Victim 's mother says her daughter was the "  perfect victim " The former U.S. Marine was sentenced to life in prison without parole He was convicted Monday in the death of a female Marine who was pregnant The lawyer for Cesar Laurean says the case will be appealed
CNN  -- Seventy-nine-year-old Henri Wosniak had only ever seen France 's beloved revolutionary painting -- "  Liberty Leading the People " -- on postage stamps . Then the real thing turned up on his doorstep . For 35 years , Wosniak worked one-meter underground in one of the coal mines dotted across the small town of Lens , in northern France . Two decades ago , the last mine closed , and the industrial city fell into a grim economic slump of "  closed shops , abandoned houses , angry residents and a boarded up cinema . " "  We became a ghost town , " said regional president Daniel Percheron , of a city that had an unemployment rate three times the national average . Then last year , "  Liberty Leading the People " came to town . Or to be more precise , the Louvre 's sister gallery -- called none other than Louvre-Lens -- opened her gleaming doors to the public . Boasting hundreds of masterpieces on loan from the Louvre in Paris , the slick $ 150 million  $ 204 million  museum has become an unlikely art haven , sitting in the shadow of Lens ' looming slag heaps . For retired miner Wosniak , the biggest thrill was seeing the gallery 's star attraction -- Eugene Delacroix 's "  Liberty Leading the People " -- a painting commemorating the 1830 revolution and familiar to everyone in France . "  I had seen it on stamps , " he says , animatedly making the small shape with his hands . "  And here it is , " he adds , waving at the grand artwork surrounded by a throng of admirers . Happy Birthday This week marks the first anniversary of Louvre-Lens , and already 750,000 people have visited the sleek glass and polished aluminum building , 200 kilometers north of Paris . It 's a very different museum to its glamorous Parisian sister . While the Louvre -- which attracts over 9 million visitors each year -- sits on the banks of the River Seine and overlooks elegant Tuileries Gardens , Lens rests atop a disused coalmine , with views of the local football stadium . That 's not to say Lens is n't a spectacular building in itself . Designed by Japanese architect firm Sanaa , the minimalist museum is remarkable in that it does n't separate artworks according to style or era . Instead , the pieces -- spanning Greek sculpture to 19th century French painting -- are showcased together in one long light-filled gallery . Indeed , part of the reason the museum was built , was to display some of the hundreds of thousands of artworks in storage deep under the Louvre in Paris . "  The Louvre has more than 460,000 works of art , and only presents around 40,000 , " explained director Jean-Luc Martinez , who took on the top job at the world 's most popular museum earlier this year . "  Why take them out ? For preservation -- we are close to the Seine and they risk being destroyed . " Of course , Louvre-Lens is more than an expensive storage unit . It is hoped the new gallery with the internationally recognized "  Louvre " name will reinvigorate the struggling city -- much like the Guggenheim in Bilbao , Spain , or the Tate in Liverpool , Britain . "  There was nowhere the Louvre was as needed as much as Lens , " says the gallery 's director Xavier Dectot . New era Until now , Lens had been better known as the place you sped through from Calais ' major port , to a more holiday-friendly destination . Ravaged by both World Wars , its cemeteries are full of the names of young soldiers -- and miners . When the minister of culture , Frederic Mitterrand , inaugurated the Louvre-Lens construction site , he marked the occasion with a minute silence for the 42 workers who lost their lives in a mining accident in 1974 . Almost four decades later , black coal has been replaced with gleaming glass . "  There was a one in a million chance for the Louvre to come here . It 's an unimaginable dream , " said Percheron . "  The miners built France , they symbolize France . This museum is all about restoring justice to this region . "	How did an ex-mining town in northern France become an art haven ? One year since Louvre opened sister gallery in Lens , attracts 750,000 visitors Hoped $ 150m museum will reinvigorate depressed city with 24 % unemployment Gleaming glass building designed by Japanese architect firm Sanaa
It 's a common error , but one that leaves those with an affinity for Latin America shaking their heads : The Andean country known for its coffee and flower exports is Colombia , not Columbia . Now , a group of marketing-savvy Colombians , spurred by the government 's public relations arm , have launched a social media campaign to set the record straight . Colombia is where famed artist Fernando Botero hails from ; Columbia is a university in New York . The coffee you drank this morning might be from Colombia ; Your outerwear might have been made by Columbia . And so on and so on . The campaign is picking up steam ahead of its official unveiling on Wednesday evening during Social Media Week in New York . A Facebook page for the campaign has been gaining upwards of 1,000 followers a day with a flurry of humorous and creative photos bringing attention to the Colombia/Columbia confusion . The campaign is lighthearted , but has a serious mission behind it -- to use the spelling lesson as a door for people to reacquaint themselves with modern Colombia . Organizers hope the effort eventually will parlay into real economic opportunities , be it through tourism or foreign investment . "  People outside of Colombia , especially in the United States , have a wrong impression of what Colombia is , " said Carlos Pardo , a vice president of Colombia-based Zemoga , a digital services company with many U.S. clients . The South American country 's image often is associated with drug lords such as Pablo Escobar and guerrilla violence , and many foreigners remain unaware of the changes that have taken place , Pardo said . Even positive things Colombia is known for -- such as the coffee and flowers mentioned earlier -- do not paint a complete picture , he said . "  Today , Colombia is much more than coffee and Pablo Escobar . More than Shakira even , " Pardo said . When Zemoga joined forces with public relations firm Compass Porter Novelli to work on a presentation for Social Media Week , the country 's own official brand , Marca Pais , asked them to use the platform to promote Colombia . They agreed , and the "  It 's Colombia , not Columbia " campaign was born . It is the first of many pro-Colombia messages that the group will put out . The goal is to have fun with it and create an entry point for foreigners to explore their country , Pardo said . Colombia in recent years has made strides against drug cartels , though the country remains a top supplier of cocaine to illicit markets . The government continues to wage a war against the FARC guerrillas , though the two sides are currently in peace talks for the first time in a decade . The two sides have been at war since the 1960s , and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos has said he wants talks wrapped up by November .	Group of Colombians have started a campaign to clear up a spelling confusion Lighthearted campaign has gained plenty of followers But the goal of the campaign is to share Colombia 's successes with the world
Bali , Indonesia  CNN  -- Defense Secretary Leon Panetta praised China on more than one occasion Sunday during a series of meetings with fellow defense ministers from southeast Asia , but hinted if relations between the United States and China worsen , it could be a threat to "  the security of the world . " He said he appreciates China 's muted response to the United States announcing a deal last month to sell more arms to Taiwan , and he lauded China for working with its neighbors with regards to the contentious issues involving the South China Sea . "  I would commend them for the way that they 've handled the news of that sale to Taiwan , compared to the past , " Panetta told reporters after a meeting with Indonesia 's defense minister Sunday in Bali . China regards Taiwan as a renegade province . Taiwan began as the remnant of the government that ruled over mainland China , until a Communist uprising proved victorious in 1949 . The $ 5.3 billion arms package , announced last month , includes upgrades to Taiwan 's F-16 fighter fleet . Last year , a similar deal prompted China to temporarily cut off military to military relations with Americans . This time , aside from some strong objections voiced by Beijing , Panetta said there has been no tangible action taken in response by China . "  I 've heard nothing that indicates that they 're taking any steps in reaction to that , " Panetta said . Part of the reason might be the way the United States government handled the sales . "  It was something that the United States had announced but we had given the Chinese a heads up as to what was going to take place , " Panetta said . "  I think in the end ... they handled it in a professional and diplomatic way and we appreciate that . " The South China Sea , a body of water east of Vietnam , north of Malaysia and west of the Philippines , has been a source of regional tensions for decades . But because of recent discoveries of massive oil reserves as well as its importance to regional maritime and aviation navigation , tensions have increased recently . Many countries lay claims to the same parts of the sea . After his meeting with the Indonesian defense minister , Panetta met with defense ministers from all eight member nations of ASEAN , the Association of Southeast Asian Nations , which includes all the nations that border the South China Sea , except China . In remarks prepared for the start of the meeting , Panetta said , "  I applaud the July accord between ASEAN and China on implementing guidelines to the 2002 declaration on the conduct of parties in the South China Sea . I would encourage you to maintain this momentum , and continue working towards a binding code of conduct . " But Panetta said there are still some concerns regarding China 's military that bear watching . "  Obviously there are some concerns about some of the things they are doing on modernization , there are concerns about some of the things they are doing with some of the more sophisticated weapons that have been developed . " He said China being open and letting the world know what its military is doing is key . "  As long as they are transparent , as long as we can discuss these issues on a frank and direct basis then I think we can develop a strong working relationship . " He ended his discussion of China with the reporters on an ominous note about positive relations . "  I think it would be in the interest , not only in the interest of both nations , but also in the interest of the security of the world . "	China handled news of U.S. arms sale to Taiwan well , Panetta says Still , there are some concerns about China weapons program , he says A strong relationship with China is in the interest of global security
CNN  -- A small boy , perched on an open catwalk in a candy factory , falls to his death . No , it is not a macabre moment out of "  Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory . " It is a true story told by social reformer Jane Addams , who founded Chicago 's Hull House in 1889 . Addams also described little girls who refused sweets as Christmas gifts that year . "  They could not bear the sight of it , " Addams wrote . "  We discovered that that they had worked from 7 in the morning until 9 at night , and they were exhausted . " These Dickensian scenes lasted in America from the late 19th century until 1938 , when child labor was outlawed under the Fair Labor Standards Act . They are a sobering reminder of why the nation marks Labor Day . To most Americans , the first Monday in September means a three-day weekend and the last hurrah of summer , a final outing at the shore before school begins , a family picnic . But Labor Day was born in a time when work was no picnic . As America was moving from farms to factories in the Industrial Age , there was a long , violent , often-deadly struggle for fundamental workers ' rights , a struggle that in many ways was America 's "  other civil war . " It was a war fought when 12-hour days and six-day weeks were routine . Wages were low ; there were no sick days , pensions or holidays . There was certainly no unemployment insurance . Any attempts at organizing were met by the combined wrath of business and government . The business of America was business . That conflict , a period in which thousands of workers died in America 's unsafe and unsanitary factories and mines , and hundreds more died in riots and pitched battles over workers ' rights , is the little-noted history behind this holiday . The first American Labor Day is dated to a parade organized by unions in New York on September 5 , 1882 , as a celebration of "  the strength and spirit of the American worker . " Their goals were simple : decent wages , an eight-hour workday and the right to organize . The September date was selected to provide a respite for workers and their families midway between July Fourth and Thanksgiving Day . By all accounts , the first Labor Day was a peaceful affair that drew tens of thousands of workers and their families to the city 's Union Square Park . But the path to a national Labor Day holiday was no walk in the park . The federal Labor Day was created 12 years later , signed into law by President Grover Cleveland during his second term in 1894 . It 's not that Cleveland was a great friend of labor . In fact , he had just sent out troops to break a strike . During the economic depression known as the Panic of 1893 , workers for the Pullman Car Co. , one of the country 's largest manufacturers , walked off their jobs when Pullman tried to cut wages , fire workers and evict them from their company-owned homes . They were joined by hundreds of thousands of workers in a nationwide walkout . Facing a strike that would shut down America 's railroads , Cleveland dispatched 12,000 federal troops on the premise that the strike interfered with the U.S. Mail . In the ensuing violence , at least 13 strikers were killed . This was not the first time troops had been used against American workers . Federal soldiers , state militias and private armies , often from the Pinkerton Detective Agency , had used deadly force to break many 19th-century strikes . Some of these strikes had become pitched battles , like the Homestead strike of 1892 in Pennsylvania . There , men on both sides armed with rifles and cannons died fighting over keeping a union at a steel mill , a union that owner Andrew Carnegie and manager Henry Frick were determined to break . After crushing the Pullman strike , Cleveland thought that granting workers a Labor Day holiday was a sop that would appease them as he sought a third term .  It did n't work ; he was denied the Democratic nomination in 1896 .  Politicians and labor leaders were content to keep the holiday in September , far from the growing popularity of May Day as a commemoration of the "  Martyrs of Haymarket Square , " a group of union leaders executed -- unjustly , it was later proved -- after Chicago 's deadly Haymarket Square Riots in May 1884 . For unions , Labor Day proved a hollow victory . Most of the reforms they sought did not come about for nearly half a century . The Depression-era fair labor laws that were passed under Franklin D. Roosevelt finally set standards like the eight-hour day and an end to child labor . This history is worth remembering on Labor Day . But at a moment when American workers are battered by high unemployment , the Great Recession , a technology revolution in the workplace and globalization , there seems to be little to celebrate . And these economic forces are only part of the relentless pressures faced by America 's work force . There is also a renewed war over labor in this country . It is being fought in battleground states including , most notably , Wisconsin , Ohio , New Jersey and Florida , where mostly Republican governors are wrangling with public employees over pay , pensions and more fundamental issues including the right of collective bargaining . Their sharp anti-union rhetoric has increasingly found receptive listeners who have been convinced that "  spoiled " unions and public employees -- the people who fight our fires , teach our children and pick up our garbage -- are at fault for our budgetary woes and the sorry state of the economy . The fight has been vitriolic but well short of the violence of America 's "  other civil war . " With that in mind , it is worth recalling President Abraham Lincoln 's words during the dark early days of the real Civil War . "  Capital is only the fruit of labor , and could never have existed if labor had not first existed , " he told Congress in December 1861 . "  Labor is the superior of capital and deserves much the higher consideration , " Today , the first Republican president 's words would count as heresy in the GOP . But they are a sharp reminder that working men and women built this country and fought its wars . And their labors are worth more than a Monday holiday or the mean-spirited contempt they now face . They deserve , as Lincoln said , "  the higher consideration . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Kenneth Davis .	Ken Davis : Today , labor under fire . But war for workers ' rights was long , deadly struggle There was child labor , 12-hour days , 6-day weeks , low wages , no sick days , holidays Soldiers , militias , private armies used deadly force to break 19th-century strikes Labor Day born in 1894 , he says , but reform did n't come till FDR 's fair labor laws
PEOPLE.com  -- For nearly three years , the hit TLC show "  Toddlers & Tiaras " has captured the drama behind the scenes in the world of child beauty pageants . The tantrums were extreme , and the pre-show prep of spray tanning and eyebrow waxing seemed perhaps premature for little kids . But in the last few weeks , as footage of 3 - and 4-year-olds dressed in overly adult costumes  like Dolly Parton , complete with padded breasts , or Julia Roberts 's streetwalker from "  Pretty Woman "  hit the airwaves , viewers and pageant skeptics have been expressing horror at an industry that is now accused of "  sexualizing " young girls . "  Little girls are supposed to play with dolls , not be dolls , " New York-based licensed clinical social worker Mark Sichel tells PEOPLE in its new issue . He adds that the extremes parents go to in order to prepare their children for competition -- using padding , fake hair , flippers  faux teeth  and spray tans -- "  causes the children tremendous confusion , wondering why they are not okay without those things . " Now devoted pageant moms are speaking out in their own defense . Wendy Dickey , who dressed her daughter Paisley , 3 , as Julia Roberts , tells PEOPLE the look was "  tasteful and funny . " Still , "  If I knew there would be a reaction like this , I never would have used it , " Dickey says . "  Next time , she 'll be dressed as an angel . " And Juana Myers , whose daughter MaKenzie has been featured on Tiaras , says unfair scrutiny has been placed on the pageant industry . "  If this were a sport , no one would question it , " she says . "  This is her sport . " For more on the child pageant controversy , pick up the latest issue of PEOPLE , on newsstands Friday . See the full story at PEOPLE.com © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Viewers have been expressing horror at an industry accused of "  sexualizing " young girls Devoted pageant moms are speaking out in their own defense Juana Myers says unfair scrutiny has been placed on the pageant industry
CNN  -- The United States and Japan started joint military exercises Friday , the Japanese defense ministry said , as tensions simmered on the Korean peninsula . About 10,500 U.S. service members are taking part in the drills , officials said . The "  Keen Sword " exercise will continue until December 10 on military sites in Okinawa , mainland Japan and the waters surrounding it , according to officials . "  Keen Sword will cap the 50th anniversary of the Japan-U.S. alliance as an ` alliance of equals , ' " said Maj. William Vause , chief of operational plans , training and exercises . "  It is the largest bilateral exercise between the United States and Japan military forces . -LSB- The exercise -RSB- will better enhance both of our countries ' readiness to respond to varied crisis situations . " The drill is not directed to any nation , officials said . "  The goal of Keen Sword is to increase and improve our bilateral relationship to further enhance the Japan and U.S. alliance , " Vause said , "  and to provide a realistic training environment that allows Japan Self Defense Force and U.S. forces to respond to a wide range of situations . " The drill starts days after South Korea and the United States wrapped up joint military exercises on the Yellow Sea .	The "  Keen Sword " exercise will continue until December 10 About 10,500 U.S. service members are taking part in the drills
Arizona 's Legislature has passed a controversial bill that would allow business owners , as long as they assert their religious beliefs , to deny service to gay and lesbian customers . The bill , which the state House of Representatives passed by a 33-27 vote Thursday , now goes to Gov. Jan Brewer , a Republican and onetime small business owner who vetoed similar legislation last year but has expressed the right of business owners to deny service . "  I think anybody that owns a business can choose who they work with or who they do n't work with , " Brewer told CNN in Washington on Friday . "  But I do n't know that it needs to be statutory . In my life and in my businesses , if I do n't want to do business or if I do n't want to deal with a particular company or person or whatever , I 'm not interested . That 's America . That 's freedom . " As expected , the measure has drawn criticism from Democrats and business groups who said it would sanction discrimination and open the state to the risk of damaging litigation . On Friday , the LGBT group Wingspan staged a protest march to the governor 's office that drew about 200 people . Some carried signs with messages "  God created us all equal " and "  Shame on Arizona . " Tucson-based Rocco 's Little Chicago Pizzeria posted a photo on its Facebook page of a sign with a message for state lawmakers : "  We reserve the right to refuse service to Arizona legislators . " "  It 's a ridiculous bill , " pizzeria manager Evan Stevens told CNN on Friday . "  Arizona has much bigger problems than allowing businesses to discriminate against people . " In a statement , Anna Tovar , the state senate Democratic minority leader , said : "  With the express consent of Republicans in this Legislature , many Arizonans will find themselves members of a separate and unequal class under this law because of their sexual orientation . This bill may also open the door to discriminate based on race , familial status , religion , sex , national origin , age or disability . " The Greater Phoenix Economic Council , in a letter to Brewer on Friday , urged the governor to veto Senate Bill 1062 , saying the "  legislation will likely have profound , negative effects on our business community for years to come . " "  The legislation places businesses currently in Arizona , as well as those looking to locate here , in potentially damaging risk of litigation , and costly , needless legal disputes , " council President Barry Broome wrote , adding that four unidentified companies have vowed to locate elsewhere if the legislation is signed . He added , "  With major events approaching in the coming year , including Super Bowl XLIX , Arizona will be the center of the world 's stage . This legislation has the potential of subjecting the Super Bowl , and major events surrounding it , to the threats of boycotts . " On CNN 's "  The Lead with Jake Tapper , " Arizona state Rep. John Kavanagh , a Republican , said the bill would not allow hotel clerks or waiters , for instance , to turn away customers , unless there was a "  substantial burden on their sincerely held religious beliefs . " The bill is being pushed by the Center for Arizona Policy , a conservative group opposed to abortion and same-sex marriage . The group has justified the measure on grounds that the proposal protects people against increasingly activist federal courts . "  As we witness hostility towards people of faith grow like never before , we must take this opportunity to speak up for religious liberty , " the group said on its website , asking people to contact Brewer and urge her to sign the bill . "  The great news is that SB 1062 protects your right to live and work according to your faith . " Cathi Herrod , the center 's president , told CNN on Friday , "  The Arizona bill has a very simple premise , that Americans should be free to live and work according to their religious faith . It 's simply about protecting religious liberty and nothing else . " Herrod said the bill 's opponents are "  showing unbelievable hostility toward religious beliefs . " "  America still stands for the principle that religious beliefs matter  for  something in this country , that we have the right to freely exercise our religious beliefs , " she said . But Robert Boston , a spokesman for the Washington-based Americans United for Separation of Church and State , told CNN the legislation would "  fling the door wide open to discrimination , not just against gay people , but basically to any class of individuals that a religious fundamentalist decides he or she does n't want to deal with . " He added , "  A woman who is pregnant out of wedlock , for example , ` Well , out the door , you do n't get served in my business . ' " The Arizona legislation was passed as conservative states work to counter laws legalizing same-sex marriage . Arizona voters approved a ban on same-sex marriage as a state constitutional amendment in 2008 . The American Civil Liberties Union of Arizona called the bill "  unnecessary and discriminatory . " "  What today 's bill does is allow private individuals and businesses to use religion to discriminate , sending a message that Arizona is intolerant and unwelcoming , " the group said in a statement . Some Republican legislators have defended the bill as a First Amendment issue . Democrats dismissed it as an attack on gays and lesbians . "  It 's a very bad day for Arizona , " Rep. Chad Campbell , a Phoenix Democrat who voted against the legislation , told CNN Friday . He added , "  Let there be no doubt about what this bill does . It 's going to allow people to discriminate against the gay community in Arizona . It goes after unprotected classes of people and we all know that the biggest unprotected class of people in the state is the LBGT community . If we were having this conversation in regard to African-Americans or women , there would be outrage across the country right now . "	Not sure this needs to be a law , governor tells CNN Bill allows business owners to deny service to gays , lesbians Critics say the measure sanctions discrimination Proponents of the bill say it protects people against activist federal courts
CNN  -- Holders Manchester United remain on course to become the first side to retain the Champions League , as two goals in the first 11 minutes saw them defeat Arsenal 3-1 for a 4-1 aggregate victory and a place in the final against either Chelsea or Barcelona in Rome . Cristiano Ronaldo celebrates scoring United 's second goal as they reached the Champions League final . A carnival atmosphere at the Emirates Stadium saw the home fans optimistic that last week 's 1-0 defeat at Old Trafford could be overturned , but those hopes were cruelly dashed as two individual mistakes allowed United to take a foothold in the game -- a position they never looked likely to relinquish . Arsenal went into the match unbeaten in their last 27 home matches in Europe , since Chelsea defeated them 2-1 at Highbury in 2004 , and had yet to taste European defeat at the Emirates , but that proud record always looked in doubt from the moment United took an eighth-minute lead . Cristiano Ronaldo played a dangerous ball from the left into the Arsenal penalty area and young Gunners left-back Kieran Gibbs , who has deputized superbly for French international Gael Clichy in recent weeks , lost his footing -- allowing Ji-Sung Park to collect the ball and fire past goalkeeper Manuel Almunia . The goal , the first Arsenal had conceded at home in Europe this season , justified manager Alex Ferguson 's decision to select Park ahead of Carlos Tevez in the only change to the United side from last week 's victory at Old Trafford . Park 's strike meant Arsenal now had to score three to reach the final , but their task was made even harder just three minutes later when Ronaldo 's 40-yard free-kick deceived Almunia , who had kept Arsenal in contention in the first leg with a string of fine saves . Despite the ferocity and brilliance of Ronaldo 's long-range strike , Almunia appeared to misjudge the flight of the ball as it nestled into the left-hand corner of the net . The second goal effectively killed off the contest , with 79 minutes remaining , and Arsenal were fortunate not to go three goals down on the night in the 17th minute when Almunia dived full-stretch to tip Wayne Rooney 's superb curling effort around the post . The half-time interval gave Arsenal some respite , but United looked far from finished as an attacking threat and could have extended their lead six minutes after the break when Ronaldo twisted and turned the Arsenal defense before firing a fierce shot that Almunia did well to turn around the post . Arsenal pressed forward in search of a goal that would have given them some hope , but left themselves open to a United counter-attack and in the 61st minute the visitors added a devastating third . An Arsenal corner was cleared and the ball found its way to the marauding Park , who found Rooney on the left . The England striker looked up before picking out Ronaldo who had burst into the box , and the Portuguese winger clinically despatched his finish into the top corner of the Arsenal net . With the match over as a contest , Arsenal were now just playing for pride . Robin Van Persie 's long-range shot stung the hands of fellow-Dutchman Edwin van der Sar in the United goal , while substitute Nicklas Bentdner fired into the side-netting after a promising run . However , There was a late sting in the tail for United when midfielder Darren Fletcher tackled Cesc Fabregas in the penalty area . The Scotsman appeared to take the ball but Italian referee Roberto Rosetti stunned United by pointing to the penalty spot before sending off Fletcher , meaning he will now miss the final . Van Persie stepped up to convert the penalty , but it was scant consolation for a well-beaten Arsenal side , as United moved to within 90 minutes of winning a fourth European Cup and a possible showdown against Premier League rivals Chelsea in a repeat of last year 's epic final in the Moscow rain . "  We got the lucky break by scoring the first goal , " a delighted Ferguson told ITV Sport . "  However , after that , I though our performance was terrific . "  It 's just such a shame that Darren Fletcher will miss the final . He clearly took the ball and Mr Rosetti is one of the best referees in Europe , but he got that one wrong and unfortunately there is no appeal procedure . " Talking about the final , Ferguson added : "  Barcelona 's display against Real Madrid on Saturday had me drooling with admiration , but Barca have defensive problems and I just think Chelsea might be too strong for them on the night . "	Manchester United reach the Champions final in Rome after defeating Arsenal The defending champions win 3-0 at the Emirates for a 4-0 aggregate success Ji-Sung Park and Cristiano Ronaldo kill the game with two goals in 11 minutes United finish game with 10 men after Darren Fletcher unluckily sent off late on United will face either Chelsea once again or Barcelona in the final on May 29
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A man suspected of murdering a doctor in Chicago , Illinois , is trying to skirt the U.S. justice system by fleeing to the French island territory of St. Martin , according to prosecutors . Dr. David Cornbleet , a dermatologist , was murdered in his Chicago office in October , 2006 . "  He 's doing everything possible to protect himself , " said Bernie Murray , chief of criminal prosecution for the Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office in Illinois . "  At the end of the day , he 's making a mockery of both French law and United States law . " After fleeing to St. Martin , Hans Peterson , 29 , turned himself in to French authorities and allegedly confessed to murdering Dr. David Cornbleet in October , 2006 . Jon Cornbleet , Dr. Cornbleet 's son , said he has seen a four-page confession in which Peterson admits to attacking and killing David Cornbleet in his Chicago office . Despite the alleged confession , Peterson is beyond the reach of U.S. law enforcement . As a French national on French soil , he can not be sent to the United States for trial , according to a 2002 extradition treaty between the two countries . The United States , by contrast , is allowed to extradite U.S. citizens to France , under the treaty . U.S. Sens. Barack Obama and Dick Durbin , both of Illinois , sent letters to Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice asking for help extraditing Peterson . In response to the senators , the State Department wrote it "  will continue to make every effort with the government of France to see that justice is served in this case . " Sens. Durbin and Obama also wrote the French government requesting extradition . French Foreign Ministry spokesperson , Francois Rivasseau , responded "  the French government will not be able to extradite Mr. Peterson . " "  French laws provide in that case for trial on French territory by French justice , " he said in a statement . Murray of the Cook County State 's Attorney 's Office said he favors extradition over a French trial because he believes French laws are more lenient . He said a life sentence there is only 22 years . In Illinois , Murray said , murder is punishable by a minimum of 20 years in prison and possibly much more . "  It goes up to 60 or 80 or 100 years , possibly life , possibly the death sentence , depending on the facts surrounding the crime , " Murray said . Hoping to persuade the French to extradite Peterson , Murray and the Cornbleet family said they would not seek the death penalty in the case . There is currently a moratorium on the death penalty in Illinois . According to the victim 's son , Jon Cornbleet , Peterson first met Dr. Cornbleet in 2002 when he was living in Chicago and went to see him for an acne problem . His father prescribed a popular acne medication , which , according to Jon Cornbleet , Peterson said made him impotent . It is believed this is the only time the two met before the night of the murder . Peterson 's father , Dr. Thomas Peterson , said his son was an "  okay kid who had a little depression . " He said his son took just two pills , but that the acne medication made him psychotic . Dr. Cornbleet 's daughter , Jocelyn , found his body in his office . "  I could see on the second closed door that there was blood across it , " she told CNN . "  I knew that somebody had killed him . " Jon Cornbleet said his father was stabbed more than 20 times . For months , the case went unsolved , even though authorities said there was DNA evidence at the scene . Then , over the summer , investigators got a tip from a U.S. Marine on leave from Iraq . The Marine said a friend told him , "  I think my former roommate killed someone . " The Marine reached out to the Cornbleets through a posting they had made on myspace.com and also contacted Chicago police . He told the Cornbleet family Peterson was living in New York around the time of the murder . The family believes Peterson drove from New York to Chicago , killed Dr. Cornbleet , and then drove back to New York , reportedly telling friends he had "  completed his mission . " The Cornbleet family said video surveillance from Dr. Cornbleet 's office building shows Peterson entering and leaving the premises on the night of the crime . Using the Marine 's tip , DNA evidence and the surveillance video Chicago police got a warrant to arrest Peterson . But before they could track him down , Peterson fled to St. Martin . So far , Peterson has yet to be charged with a crime . He is being held in jail on the French Island of Guadeloupe . The French government did not return CNN 's phone calls for this story . Jocelyn and Jon Cornbleet said they will continue to fight for his extradition . "  We 're gon na go until there 's absolutely nothing more we can do , " Jocelyn Cornbleet said . " 'Til we get justice . " E-mail to a friend	Hans Peterson suspected of a murdering a Chicago dermatologist He fled to St. Martin , a French territory , before police could question him Because he is a French national , the government wo n't extradite him The victim 's family and U.S. senators from Illinois lobby for extradition
CNN  -- Discovery Channel has canceled its planned live coverage of the May 11 jump off Mount Everest by a California daredevil in his wingsuit , the U.S. cable network announced . It was unclear Monday night whether climber and parachutist Joby Ogwyn still planned to leap off the top of the world 's highest peak after his guides died in last week 's avalanche that killed 13 people . At first , the stuntman told his fans on Facebook that he was sticking with his plans even though his Sherpas were killed . Ogwyn wrote Sunday that he and his team "  are staying on the mountain to honor our friends and complete our project . " But the post appeared to have been deleted Monday . Friday 's avalanche was the single deadliest incident on Everest . Three other people were missing and at least half a dozen were hurt in the slide , which occurred just above a base camp more than 20,000 feet above sea level . All 50-plus climbers engulfed in the slide were Nepalese locals and Sherpas who were taking food and supplies to base camps on the the 29,000-foot peak , authorities reported . Ogwyn reported afterward that he was safe and mourned his lost team . "  These men were the salt of the Earth . Far better men than me . My heart is broken , " he wrote . On Sunday afternoon , the Discovery Channel announced it was pulling the plug on its planned live coverage of Ogwyn 's jump "  in light of the overwhelming tragedy " and out of respect for the families of the dead . "  Our thoughts and prayers go out to the whole Sherpa community , " the network said in a written statement . Ogwyn 's father told CNN that his son was aware of Discovery 's decision . Ogwyn , who has scaled Everest years ago , planned to hurl himself off the mountain in a wingsuit -- a flying squirrel-like outfit that allows skilled jumpers to glide long distances before deploying a parachute for a safe landing . He used one to fly past the mountain on a 2010 test flight . "  I 'm hoping to be up there for a while and enjoy the flight , " he told CNN in March . "  This will be a chance of a lifetime for me . I wo n't probably have it again . " Nepal 's Sherpas have been guiding climbers up Everest for six decades . The avalanche occurred at the busiest time of year , when would-be climbers arrive to acclimate themselves to thin air of the Himalayas . Before Friday , the worst accident on Everest was in 1996 , when eight climbers disappeared in a storm . It was documented in the book and film "  Into Thin Air . " Though hundreds of climbers now reach the summit each year , about 1 % of those who attempt it die -- "  and as a workplace safety statistic , that 's pretty much off the charts , " Outside magazine Senior Editor Grayson Schaffer told CNN . Climbers , widow recount deadly traffic jam on Everest On top of the world in 1963 Everest by the numbers	Discovery Channel says decision was made to respect the families Joby Ogwyn had communicated through Facebook he wanted to continue , but that post is gone Ogwyn said his Sherpas that were killed were ` far better men than me ' Jump was supposed to take place May 11
Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia  CNN  -- The children keep asking when their mother is coming home . Lee Khim Fatt does n't know what to tell them . It 's been more than three weeks since his wife , a flight attendant on Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , disappeared along with 238 others when the jet vanished mid-flight . "  I told them mummy 's going to take a bit longer to come home this time , and I even promised them I 'm going to bring her home , " Lee says . His eyes fill with tears as he explains his plight . It 's a promise he 's not sure he can keep . "  I really do n't know where she is now , " he says , "  and now I am not sure whether I could bring her home . " Lee and his wife , Foong Wai Yueng , shared a happy life together , raising their 10-year-old daughter and 4-year-old son . They met 20 years ago when she was just 19 . He was her first boyfriend . Without her , Lee says he 's lost his direction . An 18-year Malaysia Airlines veteran , she loved to fly around the world . The destinations were different , he says , but her returns home were always the same . "  Every time she came back , definitely she got something for the kids , " he says . "  This is what she loved to do . " Quest for answers Dozens of anguished relatives Sunday demanded that Malaysian authorities provide them with evidence of the fate of their loved ones aboard the missing Boeing 777 . "  We want evidence , we want truth and we want our family , " they chanted at a news conference outside a Kuala Lumpur hotel . While many of the passengers ' families are staying together in hotels , Lee remains at his home waiting for information about the missing flight . On Sunday , the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 turned up fresh potential clues as an Australian aircraft spotted four orange objects in the water . But investigators have n't yet confirmed whether the objects were from the airliner , which officials believe went down in the southern Indian Ocean . Lee said he hears from Malaysia Airlines just once or twice a day , by phone or text message . He 's angry at how the airline has handled the ordeal . Even though his wife was part of the cabin crew , he says he gets more information from the media than the airline . He watches the near-daily press conferences on television . "  The airline management only call us or have some briefing with us , you know , and then they tell us the same thing again as what the press conference told , " he complained . His frustration has led in part to his decision to hire a Chicago-based law firm . They 've filed a petition on his behalf , seeking records from Boeing and Malaysia Airlines . Amid the confusion , Malaysia said it has done its best with what it has . "  History will judge us as a country that has been very responsible , " Hishammuddin Hussein , Malaysia 's acting transportation minister , said . The waiting for the families has not been easy . Lee wants the truth about what happened to MH370 . He wants something to tell his daughter , when she asks what happened to her mother . Most of all he wants his wife to come home . "  Of course I 'm still hoping for god 's miracles , " he says . Families turn grief into action CNN 's Steve Almasy and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	Lee Khim Fatt promised his two children he 'd bring their mother home His wife , a Malaysia Airlines flight attendant , has been missing for three weeks With little information from authorities , he turns to media for updates He wants to give his children answers , but has none
CNN  -- After more than half a century involved in motorsport , and three decades at the helm of Formula One , Bernie Ecclestone has no plans to quit just yet . In fact , the 81-year-old has told CNN that he will be in charge for as long as he lives . "  It 'll probably depend a lot  on  when I die , " Ecclestone said ahead of this weekend 's Monaco Grand Prix when asked about his retirement plans . "  You never know , do you , with these things . I mean , it 's not my intention to do such a thing . If I thought I could n't do all the things I do , then the answer would be then we 'd certainly consider it . At the moment it 's not quite like that . " Ecclestone : Formula One teams agree to race until 2020 Despite his age , Ecclestone is keeping himself very busy -- both personally and professionally . Earlier this month he announced his engagement to Brazilian Fabiani Flosi , 46 years his junior . He has also set his sights on further extending Formula One 's global reach , having announced an agreement with the teams to continue racing under a Concorde Agreement until 2020 . Austin , Texas will make its debut as grand prix venue in November , as the sport returns to the U.S. for the first time since 2007 . India was introduced to F1 last year , with the Russian city of Sochi set to host a race in 2014 -- the same year the Black Sea resort will stage the Winter Olympics . "  It 's good to have an American base , " Ecclestone said . "  We are a world championship , so why not ? We have races in other parts of the world so we should have maybe another race in America . " On the possibility of France hosting a race for the first time since 2008 , he added : "  I think maybe the election that has taken place might have put that back a bit . When that all settles down I 'm sure we 'll get back on track -- literally , " referring to Francois Hollande 's recent presidential victory . "  I think you will have to wait and see if we see more . Only time will tell . " Should Formula One be so unpredictable ? Ecclestone has been criticized for his determination to go ahead with the recent Bahrain Grand Prix , despite political unrest in the Gulf kingdom . But Eccleston cited the riots in London as an example of how social unrest does not necessarily mean a country should forfeit its right to host a race . "  I 'd hate to lose the British race , for a start , " he explained . "  We 've seen what happened there at the end of last year , all those disturbances and all the other things that happen all over the world . "  I do n't know where we 'd have to find a nice place to race where there is no problem . It would n't be easy . " One arena F1 has not managed to enter is the Olympic Games , but Ecclestone revealed that talks over the seemingly far-fetched possibility have been held . "  I spoke to the former president , Mr.  Juan Antonio  Samaranch , years ago about this and we decided it was wrong to have mechanical sport involved . In fact I discussed it with the new president  Jacques Rogge  a year ago . "  They keep adding things in which I do n't believe are Olympic things , so maybe it 's possible . It would be nice to see it happen . " The current F1 season 's first five races have produced five different winners for the first time since 1983 . A major factor in the sport 's current unpredictability has been the new Pirelli tires -- the team which masters the rapidly degrading rubber usually emerges victorious . Seven-time world champion and Mercedes driver Michael Schumacher has been heavily critical of the tires , telling CNN they are like driving on "  raw eggs , " but Ecclestone praised the work done by the Italian manufacturer . "  I asked Pirelli if they could make a tire that would only run for a third of the race , which is a lot more difficult than making a tire that will run the whole race . That 's easily done ; it can run five races if you like . "  But to make one that will only run that distance is difficult . They 've done a fantastic job and that 's what has made this racing so exciting . " When reflecting on his contribution to F1 , Ecclestone was relaxed when asked if he has received enough credit for what he has given to the sport , responding : "  I get what I deserve , I suppose . " And what is it that keeps the Englishman going after so long at the forefront of an ever-expanding business ? "  Job satisfaction . "	Bernie Ecclestone tells CNN he intends to run Formula One until he dies The octogenarian has been running the sport for the last 30 years Ecclestone hopes grands prix in France and a second race in the U.S. can be agreed The 81-year-old defends the decision to host a race in Bahrain last month
