A federal prosecutor on Monday described a Bosnian immigrant accused of plotting to bomb New York 's subway system as an "  al Qaeda terrorist , " an assertion the defense said was "  just wrong . " An extensive roster of convicted terrorists are lined up to testify against Adis Medunjanin during his trial in New York , which began Monday with opening statements . Prosecutors allege that Medunjanin traveled to Pakistan 's tribal belt with two friends , where he sought to join the Taliban but ended up being recruited by al Qaeda to perform a suicide mission back in America . He and two others , they claim , eventually hatched a plan to rig backpacks with explosives and blow them up on New York subway stations . Medunjanin 's co-defendants -- Zarein Ahmedzay , an immigrant from Afghanistan , and Najibullah Zazi , an immigrant from Pakistan -- have already pleaded guilty to the same charges . "  In September of 2009 , three men were prepared to strap bombs to their bodies and go into crowded subways , " Assistant U.S. Attorney James Loonam told jurors in his opening statement Monday . "  These men were al Qaeda terrorists , " Loonam claimed . Angry at the presence of U.S. troops in Afghanistan and Iraq , the three went to Pakistan 's tribal belt -- "  the center of al Qaeda activity against the United States " -- to join the terrorist group , according to Loonan . Once there , the federal prosecutor said , the men were given "  special treatment " and "  private training by al Qaeda " because of their coveted status as U.S. citizens . In his opening statement , defense attorney Robert Gottlieb accused the prosecution of using incendiary rhetoric to inflame the jury . "  These are all words the government knows will scare you beyond belief and shake you to the core , " Gottlieb said of terms like "  terrorist " and "  al Qaeda . " "  The truth is Adis Medunjanin is not a terrorist . ... In this case , the government is just wrong . " Later Monday , Ahmedzay took the stand and described how his former high school classmate Medunjanin turned him on to the teaching of radical cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . The American-born Muslim cleric was targeted and killed in a September 2011 drone attack in Yemen . Zazi , who pleaded guilty last year to a plot to detonate explosives in the subway system in September 2009 , is expected to testify Tuesday . Medunjanin 's trial is expected to last three weeks .	Accused terrorist Adis Medunjanin 's trial begins Monday in New York Prosecutors say he and two others were trained by al Qaeda in Pakistan They planned to detonate explosives on New York subways , they add A defense lawyer contends that "  the government is just wrong "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Police think it started with a dispute over an ex-girlfriend . Threats were made on social networking sites and via text messages . The suspects , clockwise from top left are : Lernio Colin , Angel Cruz , Peter MacDonald and Christopher Harter . A murder plot was hatched and , police say , in the early hours of last Saturday morning , a Florida man was gunned down in his car . But the suspects apparently killed the wrong man . Now four men are in custody , and will face charges of first degree premeditated murder and two counts of attempted murder . The four are Angel Cruz , 23 ; his brother from Oregon , Christopher Harter , 29 ; Peter MacDonald , 18 ; and Lernio Colin , 20 . They have all appeared before a judge in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . They have not entered pleas and are being held without bond , according to state prosecutors . Detectives are executing search warrants today , and much about the case is still not known . "  The victim was with two other males , in the vehicle , " said Mike Jachles of the Broward Sheriff 's Office . "  One of those men was the intended target , " Jachles told CNN . Witnesses said multiple shots were fired , according to police . Henry Mancilla , 24 was sitting in the driver 's seat of a gold Mitsubishi Galant at an intersection in Lauderdale Lakes , Florida , near Fort Lauderdale . "  They were exiting the vehicle when shots were fired , striking Mancilla , " said Jachles . He was pronounced dead at the scene . Mancilla was with two other men in their early 20s , Tony Santana and Nick Pappas . One of them was the intended victim , but police are not saying who . "  The four men acted in unison in planning and executing this murder . Mancilla was in the wrong place at the wrong time , and he ended up the victim , " said Mike Jachles . The three victims said they had been "  jumped " earlier in the evening by the same four men and fled the scene in a red Chevy Impala , according to a sheriff 's detective affidavit released Monday afternoon . Later , a blue Chevy Silverado pickup truck belonging to the defendant Cruz drove up to the three men , according to the affidavit . The victims say they armed themselves with a baseball bat and a walking cane , when the truck turned around and drove towards them . That 's when the shots were fired . Christopher Harter told police he was in the vehicle at the scene , but said he left the vehicle and then heard four or five gunshots , according to the affidavit . Harter also told police he saw his brother , Angel Cruz , in possession of a semi-automatic pistol three weeks prior to the incident . "  It could have been a case of mistaken identity , but our investigation will determine that , " Jachles told CNN . Threats were posted on social networking sites and sent via cellular text messages by the suspects to the intended victim , said police . Police said they have not subpoenaed those records and are not releasing the names of those Internet sites . The Broward County State Attorney 's office could seek the death penalty .	Henry Mancilla , 24 , shot to death as he sat in his car with two others One of the other men was the target , police say Threats exchanged over the Internet , and murder plot was hatched , police say Four men in custody ; police executing search warrants
CNN  -- Serena Williams posted an ominous message to her rivals after starting 2013 by taking the Brisbane International title Saturday with a straight sets demolition of Russia 's Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova . Williams needed just 50 minutes on the Pat Rafter Arena for a 6-2 6-1 victory in just 50 minutes and will go into the Australian Open Monday week as firm favorite . She has won a staggering 35 of 36 matches since last year 's French Open and after her latest victory admitted she was in prime form . "  I was looking at a lot of old matches on YouTube and I feel like right now I 'm playing some of my best tennis , " she told the official tournament website . "  I feel like I want to do better and play better still , and I 've always felt like I could play better . " Her rivals for the opening grand slam of the season will be hoping that is not the case and certainly the overpowered Pavlyuchenkova was in awe of her opponent . "  When she 's on fire there 's not much I can do , " Pavlyuchenkova said . "  You have to play your best tennis every point , which is quite tough . " Third seed Williams had a free run when World No. 1 Victoria Azarenka pulled out of their semifinal rather than risk a toe injury ahead of Melbourne , while second-ranked Sharapova also withdrew before the start of the tournament with a collarbone injury . Williams , who recently had minor foot surgery , took control of the title match from 2-2 in the opener , winning seven games in a row . Pavlyuchenkova could offer little response to nine aces and 24 winners as Williams claimed her 47th career WTA title . "  That was really good -- I think I just kind of zoned and I felt like I really wanted to do well , " Williams added . Meanwhile , defending men 's champion Andy Murray reached the final of the ATP event in Brisbane as semifinal opponent Kei Nishikori of Japan pulled out injured in the second set . The fifth seed Nishikori had led 4-1 in the opener before being troubled by a left knee injury . Murray was leading 6-4 2-0 in 45 minutes when he called it a day . The World No. 3 will play Grigor Dimitrov of Bulgaria who reached his first ATP final by edging out Marcos Baghdatis of Cyprus 6-3 5-7 7-6 . "  I have to say I 'm very , very happy . It 's definitely it 's a great feeling , " the 21-year-old said . In other ATP action Saturday , France 's Richard Gasquet beat Nikolay Davydenko of Russia 3-6 7-6 6-3 to win the Qatar Open title . It was Gasquet 's eighth career ATP title .	Serena Williams claims Brisbane International title Straight sets demolition of Anastasia Pavlyuchenkova 6-2 6-1 Serena aiming for 16th grand slam title at Australian Open Defending champion Andy Murray into men 's final Sunday on Gold Coast
CNN  -- A key part of the law banning federal recognition of same-sex marriage was struck down as unconstitutional by a U.S. appeals court Thursday . The Defense of Marriage Act -- known as DOMA -- defines marriage for federal purposes as unions exclusively between a man and woman . Same-sex couples find their stride on wedding day At issue is whether the federal government can deny tax , health and pension benefits to same-sex couples in states where they can legally marry . The ruling is a boost for gay rights advocates and the Obama administration , which in a rare move , has refused to defend a federal law in court . "  If we are right in thinking that disparate impact on minority interests and federalism concerns both require somewhat more in this case than almost automatic deference to Congress ' will , this statute fails that test , " said the three judge panel . Same-sex marriage fast facts The 1st Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , based in Boston , did not rule on the federal law 's other key provision : that states that do not allow same-sex marriages can not be forced to recognize such unions performed in other states . Traditionally , marriages in one jurisdiction are considered valid across the country . DOMA was enacted in 1996 , when Hawaii was considering legalizing same-sex marriage . Marriage between two males or two females is legal in the District of Columbia and six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York . It is set to become legal in Washington state next week and in Maryland in January , but in each state the implementation could be delayed by opponents placing the question on the November ballot . Many other states have legalized domestic partnerships and civil unions for such couples , including New Jersey , Illinois , Delaware , Rhode Island and Hawaii , a step designed in most cases to provide the same rights of marriage under state law . But other states have passed laws or state constitutional amendments banning such marriages . Lesbian couple can file for divorce in Maryland , court rules The appeals court said it recognizes how divisive the issue is , and noted it may ultimately be up to the Supreme Court to decide . But this decision is the first at this judicial stage to find the heart of the law unconstitutional . "  Many Americans believe that marriage is the union of a man and a woman , and most Americans live in states where that is the law today , " said Judge Michael Boudin , appointed to the bench in 1992 by President George H.W. Bush . "  One virtue of federalism is that it permits this diversity of governance based on local choice , but this applies as well to the states that have chosen to legalize same-sex marriage . Under current Supreme Court authority , Congress ' denial of federal benefits to same-sex couples lawfully married in Massachusetts has not been adequately supported by any permissible federal interest . " Chief Judge Sandra Lynch , a Clinton nominee , and Judge Juan Torruella , a Reagan nominee , joined in the opinion . It is in effect only within states with gay marriage laws covered by the 1st Circuit -- Massachusetts and New Hampshire -- and has limited enforcement . That means there will be no immediate eligibility for financial benefits currently denied same-sex married couples . No change is likely until the high court decides the matter . Massachusetts had challenged Section 3 of the law on behalf of a group of seven couples . Similar lawsuits have been filed across the country . Couples challenge Illinois law denying same-sex marriage DOMA is being officially defended in court by House Republicans , led by Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , who stepped in after the Justice Department refused to participate . The Obama administration announced last year it believed the law to be unconstitutional . A bill known as the Respect for Marriage Act is working its way through Congress and would repeal DOMA . Congressional opponents of DOMA hailed the court 's opinion . "  It 's very good new for those who are fighting discrimination in any place , including in the area of marriage equality , " said House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California . The case was argued in Boston last month . The lawyer for the couples said states have long-standing authority to control and define marriage , and that Congress has no right to intervene through DOMA , clearly designed , said the lawyer , as "  disrespect " to lesbians and gays . But Paul Clement , the private attorney hired by Boehner to defend the law , argued a congressionally mandated , uniform standard to define marriage for federal purposes is both proper and practical . Obama calls for marriage equality , says ' I want everyone to be treated fairly ' Groups fighting DOMA were ecstatic at the decision . "  All Massachusetts couples should be afforded the same rights and protections under the law , and we hope that this decision will be the final step toward ensuring that equality for all , " said the state 's attorney general , Martha Coakley , who in 2009 filed the initial lawsuit challenging DOMA . "  As more loving same-sex couples commit their lives to one another in marriage , the harms of this unjust law become more clear , " said Evan Wolfson , president of Freedom to Marry , "  from service members , risking their lives to protect ours , being denied the ability to protect their own families through military medical insurance or survivor benefits , to senior citizens having to move out of their homes after their partners of many decades pass on because they can not access Social Security protections afforded any other legally married couple . " There was no immediate reaction from Boehner or the Bipartisan Legal Advisory Group in the House of Representatives . But gay marriage opponents expressed confidence the Supreme Court would eventually reverse the ruling . "  Society should protect and strengthen marriage , not undermine it , " said Alliance Defense Fund Legal Counsel Dale Schowengerdt . "  In allowing one state to hold the federal government , and potentially other states , hostage to redefine marriage , the 1st Circuit attempts a bridge too far . Under this rationale , if just one state decided to accept polygamy , the federal government and perhaps other states would be forced to accept it , too . " The issue has been working along two legal tracks . A federal appeals court earlier this month ruled against California 's voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage , arguing the ban unconstitutionally singles out gays and lesbians for discrimination . In a split decision , a three-judge panel of the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals found the state 's Proposition 8 "  works a meaningful harm to gays and lesbians " by denying their right to civil marriage in violation of the 14th Amendment . Both the California and Massachusetts cases could soon be presented to the U.S. Supreme Court for review . The justices would have the discretion to accept one , both , or neither case -- perhaps deferring judicial review until a later time , after more lower courts have had time to debate the matter . The case is Massachusetts v. U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Services  10-2204  .	At issue is whether federal benefits can be denied in marriages legal under state law A three-judge panel of a federal appeals court says no The appeals court notes it may ultimately be up to the Supreme Court to decide The law is being defended by congressional Republicans , not the Obama administration
CNN  -- Thousands of taxpayers across the country are n't getting their refund or stimulus checks because criminals have stolen their Social Security numbers in an identity theft scam , CNN has learned . Some victims do n't learn about identity theft until the IRS questions them about income in their name . "  We see a lot of activity right now , because clearly folks who are trying to perpetrate a fraud have to get their claims in early before a true taxpayer files their return , " said Nina Olsen , the national taxpayer advocate for the Internal Revenue Service . Olsen , whose independent office is set up to help taxpayers , said her office fielded several thousand complaints this year connected to the scam . The Federal Trade Commission reported that approximately 50,000 taxpayers complained about tax fraud and employment-related identity theft during 2006 , compared with 18,000 in 2002 . "  It 's a huge nightmare , " Olsen said . "  Basically , their life can be taken over by just about every approach , trying to prove that they are who they are and other people are not . And when you think about how central the Social Security number is to banking , to credit , to school applications , for financial aid , just for everything you can think of -- plus your taxes -- it has a significant impact on a person 's life . " That 's what happened to Brenton King , a 25-year-old father and student from Orem , Utah . King said he was 17 when someone stole his wallet at a ski resort . Over the past four years , at least five people have used his Social Security number to report income . And since the criminals earned income on his number and never paid taxes , he and his wife , Jennifer , ca n't get any tax refunds from the IRS or their government stimulus check even though he reported the theft several years ago to police and the IRS . Under the government 's economic stimulus plan , 130 million people were supposed to received tax rebate checks from $ 300 and up last year . "  We want to put that money in the bank , " Jennifer King said . "  We want to be able to put money down on a home . " The Kings said the ordeal has been frustrating because they know when they file their tax return every year that they wo n't get the money back that they are owed . Initially , they said , it was difficult dealing with the IRS , which they said made Brenton feel as if he were the criminal . "  The fear is it will happen for the rest of our lives , " Brenton King said . Sen. Max Baucus , D-Montana , said it takes the IRS an average of about a year "  to sort out who is the real taxpayer . " "  In the meantime , the victim 's tax accounts get frozen , " Baucus , the chairman of the Senate Finance Committee , said in a written statement . "  The IRS issues no refund . The money that the taxpayer was planning on does n't come . The taxpayer waits in tax limbo , for months and months . " Baucus , who led a hearing into the issue in 2008 , said other taxpayers do n't learn that they are victims of identity theft until years later . "  Victims first realize that other people are using their identities when the IRS contacts them . The IRS asks them why they did not report the income that appears on W-2 forms with their names on them , " he said . And Sen. Chuck Grassley , the ranking Republican on Baucus ' committee , said the IRS does n't do enough to combat tax-related identity theft . He said the IRS does not prosecute , "  and that 's not very helpful . It sends a signal that you get a free pass if you 're using IRS instruments . " But IRS spokesman Dean Patterson called preventing identity theft "  a top priority " for federal tax collectors and said , "  we are committing significant resources to address the challenges posed in protecting taxpayers ' identity information . " "  We have established a special unit dedicated to resolving tax issues incurred by identity theft victims and special tracking codes to monitor returns and prevent further fraud , " Patterson said in a written statement . "  Potential identity theft victims can contact the IRS if they suspect fraud . " The IRS said it "  vigorously prosecutes identity thieves to the fullest extent of the law using tax-related laws that result in the toughest penalties possible . " The agency said it was unable to provide details of how many cases it prosecuted , however . In the meantime , the Kings have signed up with Lifelock , a private company that helps identity-theft victims . Todd Davis , the company 's CEO , said cases like theirs are "  like getting a disease that 's incurable . " "  Look , once your information has been compromised , it 's not like when they steal your car , " Davis said . "  Once they steal your car , you file a police report , you do an insurance claim or whatever it may be , you get your replacement car , it 's over . Once they have your personal information , as exemplified by this couple in Utah , this information could be used over and over by multiple people . "	Tax fraud reports jump between 2002 and 2006 , FTC reports Senator says it can take a year for IRS to sort out identity theft Agency says that preventing such fraud is a priority
From the Vatican to Buenos Aires , Catholics worldwide rejoiced when Cardinal Jorge Bergoglio became the new pope . He 's the first Jesuit and the first Latin American in modern times to lead the world 's 1.2 billion Catholics . But in some ways , he 's just a normal guy . Here are five things to know about Pope Francis : 1 . His name says a lot about him Unlike other recent pontiffs -- John Paul II , Benedict XVI -- Pope Francis does n't have a numeral after his name . That 's because he 's the first to take the name Francis . Why Francis ? The pope wanted to honor St. Francis of Assisi , an admirer of nature and a servant to the poor and destitute . St. Francis of Assisi was born the son of a rich cloth merchant . But he lived in rags among beggars at St. Peter 's Basilica in Rome . Talk Back : What kind of spiritual leader will draw people back to organized religion ? Those close to Pope Francis see similarities between the two men . "  Francis of Assisi is ... someone who turned his back on the wealth of his family and the lifestyle he had , and bonded with lepers and the poor , " said the Rev. Thomas Rosica , the Vatican 's deputy spokesman . "  Here 's this pope known for his care for AIDS patients and people who are very sick . Who is known for his concern with single mothers whose babies were refused to be baptized by priests in his diocese . "  He scolded those priests last year and said , ` How can you turn these people away when they belong to us ? ' " Pope Francis , the pontiff of firsts , breaks with tradition 2 . He 's not actually the first pope from outside Europe Sure , Francis is the first non-European pope in modern times . But back in the 8th century , a Syrian -- Pope St. Gregory III -- led the church from 731 to 741 A.D. We 've also had popes from Bethlehem  St. Evaristus , from 97 to 105 A.D.  , Jerusalem  Pope Theodore I , from 642 to 649  and modern-day Libya  Saint Victor I , from 189 to 199  . Several other Syrians have also been pontiff in the last few millennia . Of course , the majority of popes have been Italian . But with Francis ' appointment , the tide could be shifting to outside Europe . First Latin American pope ` very exciting , ' faithful say 3 . He 's a pope of the people In some ways , Pope Francis is just a normal guy . "  The new pope is a very humble man , " said the Rev. Eduardo Mangiarotti , an Argentine priest . "  He takes public transport every day . " He also chose to live in an apartment instead of the archbishop 's palace , passed on a chauffeured limousine and cooked his own meals , CNN Vatican analyst John Allen wrote in a profile published by National Catholic Reporter . In his first public act as pontiff , Pope Francis broke with tradition by asking the estimated 150,000 people packed into St. Peter 's Square to pray for him , rather than him blessing the crowd first . "  He is a very simple man , " said Luis R. Zarama , auxiliary bishop of Atlanta . "  It 's very clear from the way he approached the people and asked them to bless him and pray for him . It 's a beautiful sign of closeness and humility . " The pontiff broke with another tradition by refusing to use a platform to elevate himself above the cardinals standing with him as he was introduced to the world as Pope Francis . "  He said I 'll stay down here , " said Cardinal Timothy Dolan , archbishop of New York and the president of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops . "  He met each of us on our own level . " From public transport to popemobile : Bergoglio 's journey 4 . He comes with a side of controversy Francis opposes same-sex marriage and abortion , which is n't surprising as leader of the socially conservative Catholic church . But as a cardinal , Francis clashed with the government of Argentine President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner over his opposition to gay marriage and free distribution of contraceptives . His career as a priest in Argentina coincided with the so-called Dirty War -- and some say the church did n't do enough to confront the military dictatorship . As many as 30,000 people died or disappeared during the seven-year period that began with a coup in 1976 . Francis , in particular , was accused in a complaint of complicity in the 1976 kidnapping of two liberal Jesuit priests , Allen wrote . Francis denied the charge . "  The best evidence that I know of that this was all a lie and a series of salacious attacks was that Amnesty International who investigated that said that was all untrue , " said Jim Nicholson , former U.S. Ambassador to the Holy See . "  These were unfair accusations of this fine priest . " But Amnesty International said it did not investigate any individual for their specific involvement . "  Our research focused on the plight of the disappeared , " said Susanna Flood , media director for Amnesty International . Opinion : Francis , open up the church 5 . He faces a host of challenges ahead Francis takes the helm of a church that has been rocked in recent years by sex abuse by priests and claims of corruption and infighting among the church hierarchy . He may need to find a way to draw new Catholics into the church where it is in decline , said Phillip M. Thompson , executive director of the Aquinas Center of Theology at Emory University . And he 'll also need to find ways of working with shifting viewpoints among Catholics . In the United States , for example , 90 % of Catholics are using contraception and 82 % think it is morally permissible . "  The church has conservative positions on human sexuality , bioethics , etc. , but liberal positions on issues such as economic regulation , the death penalty and immigration , " Thompson said . "  A church divided against itself seems unlikely to renew our political or cultural structures . " Opinion : Humble , authentic and credible	Pope Francis took his name from St. Francis , a servant to the poor The Argentinian is not the first pope from outside Europe He uses public transportation and refused to elevate himself on a platform above cardinals
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A lawsuit filed in California against Kellogg , Brown and Root on Wednesday alleges the company and its subcontractor were involved in a human trafficking plan that forced Nepali men to work against their will in Iraq . The lawyer and relatives of men who were employed by KBR and allegedly sent to Iraq without their consent . The men , between the ages of 18 and 27 , were recruited in Nepal and told they would be doing work in hotel and restaurant kitchens in Amman , Jordan , but were sent instead to Iraq to work at a U.S. air base , according to the lawsuit . The lawsuit alleges KBR , based in Houston , Texas , and Daoud & Partners , a Jordan-based subcontractor , engineered the trafficking scheme . A KBR spokeswoman would not comment directly on the allegations but released a statement defending the company . "  KBR has not yet seen the lawsuit so it is premature for us to comment at this time . The safety and security of all employees and those the company serves remains KBR 's top priority . The company in no way condones or tolerates unethical or illegal behavior , " KBR spokeswoman Heather Browne said in a statement e-mailed to CNN . "  Each employee is expected to adhere to the company 's Code of Business Conduct and complete ethics training , which includes TIPS  Trafficking in Persons  information , " Browne continued . Efforts by CNN to reach Daoud were unsuccessful . When the Nepali men arrived in Jordan , according to the lawsuit , the contractors took their passports and drove them into Iraq . Mathew Handley , a lawyer with Cohen , Milstein , Hausfeld & Toll , which filed the lawsuit , said about 70 Nepali men were driven into Iraq in a large convoy of civilian vehicles . One of the lead vehicles was ahead of the convoy and was stopped by insurgents posing as Iraqi Police . Twelve of the Nepali men were taken by the insurgents and later killed . "  As the men were being transported to Iraq , a car containing twelve of the men was stopped by members of the Ansar al-Sunna Army , an insurgent group . The 12 men in the car were taken hostage and executed by the insurgents , " according to a statement on the law firm 's Web site . A 13th man , Buddi Prasad Gurung , was not kidnapped and arrived at the U.S. Al Asad air base in western Iraq in August 2004 . Gurung worked in a warehouse managed by KBR and was released 15 months later by the company , according to the law firm . Gurung and the families of the 12 men who were killed have brought the lawsuit . Handley says the other Nepali workers who were sent to Iraq with Gurung did not come forward for the lawsuit after they were eventually released from KBR . "  Their families went deep into debt to arrange the jobs , which they hoped would lift them out of poverty , " according to the lawsuit . The case garnered the attention of the Department of Defense Inspector General 's office after a number of news reports about KBR involvement in trafficking . The department concluded an investigation in April 2006 . "  The primary finding concluded that the U.S. Government had no jurisdiction over the persons , offenses , or circumstances that resulted in the Nepalese deaths , " according to the final report . The report also concluded that the events happened "  before starting their employment with KBR . " However , the case led to increased awareness and enforcement of trafficking laws by the U.S. military .	Suit claims that Nepali men were told they would work in kitchens in Jordan They were instead sent to Iraq where they were captured and killed , suit says KBR issued statement defending company but not directly addressing allegations
CNN  -- At dinner tables throughout the United States , there are tough conversations about the exploding cost of college , the rough job market , the pain of debt . For parents and students , it adds up to the same question : Is college worth it ? But American University economics Professor Robert Lerman is asking something different : If college is n't worth it , what else is out there ? Lerman , an Urban Institute fellow , has studied youth unemployment for decades , and thinks the United States ought to try an updated version of an old technique for education and employment : apprenticeships . They 're not the same as an after-school fast food job or a summer internship at dad 's office , he said . Apprenticeships require skill development in a workplace over a number of years . The education , which might be supplemented by classroom training , leads to a credential -- maybe a title , certification or diploma -- that proves mastery of a skill . During that time , apprentices are paid , and employers are getting another worker . "  In many countries , apprenticeship training and mastery is thought of as a big advantage in innovation -- you have people seeing things , but have skills to understand them , make adjustments and achieve high quality , " Lerman said . It 's been a long time since apprenticeship dominated in the United States . Despite the Obama administration 's focus on community colleges , which often house workplace-learning programs , apprenticeship programs draw few government resources , and reach relatively few fields , mostly construction and manufacturing . In a paper published last year , Lerman said about 468,000 people were in 27,000 apprenticeship programs registered with the U.S. Department of Labor in 2008 . That was about .3 % of the workforce at the time . Up to 1 million more were in unregistered programs , the report said . But in Switzerland , Austria and Germany , 50 % to 70 % of young people are trained through apprentice programs , according to "  Training Tomorrow 's Workforce . " Lerman suggests the United States follow the example of countries that developed apprenticeships in fields including health care , information technology , finance , advanced manufacturing and maritime occupations . But that means getting through to politicians , educators , students and parents first . A Pew Research Center study published in May said 94 % of parents who responded expected their kids to go to college . The Pew study "  Is College Worth It ? " pointed out that the median gap in yearly earnings between those with only a high school diploma and those who have a college degree is nearly $ 20,000 , according Census Bureau data from 2010 . But students doing poorly in high school are n't likely to thrive in a college classroom , Lerman said , at least not right away . More options that do n't require a traditional college education might help lead people to higher-paying jobs , he said . "  The fact is that no matter how quickly we move on expanding apprenticeship , college and academics are still going to have a big draw , and that 's fine , " he said . "  But I think what we want to see is that diversification of routes to rewarding careers . " Former auto worker : ` Bypassing ' college a mistake Here 's what Lerman had to say about changing the way we think about paths for students after high school . CNN : What is apprenticeship , and how is it different than an after-school job or a summer internship ? Lerman : It is far more in-depth than any internship and far more structured than a standard job . It involves in-depth learning on the job , as well as related instruction in classroom work . The employer has obligation to train the individual ; employers are getting production out of the apprentice . The apprentice is also being paid , and usually , almost always , there is an upward trajectory of pay over a two - to four-year period . Alain Ducasse 's Weapon Against Poverty : Cooking Classes CNN : How did apprenticeships play a larger role in our past in the United States , and why did it fade away ? Lerman : I do n't think we ever had the scale of apprenticeship training that existed in other countries . We have become so academic-based in our thinking that we do n't take seriously the workplace learning component and occupational component . The whole field of vocational education is a very contested one . Some people see vocational education as something to divert people away from higher goals of education . We went through a period when school-based vocational education , people argued , was used to discourage minority groups from going to college . CNN : How could we implement programs that would avoid tracking certain classes , races or ethnicities into non-college programs ? Lerman : I 'm personally not worried . If you look at the college graduation rate of African American males , it 's well under 20 % . Let 's say we can double that , which is not easy to do -- the other people  who do n't graduate  should not be doomed to bad careers , nor should people be pushed only one way . Sameness is not equality . I see entering apprenticeship as entirely voluntarily . You can have career-focused education and training that provides education at very high levels with outlets for people to move back into a purely academic programs if they so choose . Some of the very good programs , it 's harder to get into an apprenticeship than to get into elite colleges . We need more good options .  With paid apprenticeships ,  there 's incentive . That reward would come much faster than trying to stay in school for 16 , 18 years and then maybe getting a good job . I am a professor of economics and I do not discourage people from taking higher education courses , but there are so many opportunities to do that over time . I met , for example , in Germany , a sales person in a steel mill . Before he went to college , he went through a three-year apprenticeship at the steel mill in sales management . When we went to college , college was a lot easier . He had all that background . He was probably more mature then . He could recognize which things were going to be helpful to him . Study : For grads of color , it 's prison or unemployment CNN : Is part of the issue the word apprentice ? It 's tied to certain professions -- manufacturing , construction -- even if it describes work-based learning in fields like medicine and teaching . Lerman : It does n't have as good a connotation as in other countries . The current administration is using "  career pathways . " The problem is that "  career pathways " is a vague term . It is n't clear you 're doing something in a serious and concerted way . An apprentice who completes a program , they have genuine expertise . That gives people a sense that , ` If I mastered this field , I can continue learning . I can learn other things as well . ' To me , one of the great advantages is the sense of confidence it can give . Ideally , we should try to make more and more fields have that high quality of productivity , but also a sense of pride . People in the welding field should have that same sense . Laser welding , the design of welding , all of that can be very complicated , technical , advanced , productive and rewarding . Maybe we should have a contest . What name would capture the full notion , and perhaps be considered snazzier than apprenticeship ? Community colleges step in to fill ` skills gap ' CNN : Is there an opening for apprenticeship programs now that has n't existed in the recent past ? Lerman : College costs are rising dramatically , not only for individual families , but for governments . We 're seeing increasing concern that many people are not doing well at high school levels . There is starting to be an openness to these kinds of initiatives , but you can not understate the purely academic bias that is existing in policymakers and a strong education lobby . A public initiative has to recognize it 's a very different model than supporting slots in community college or training program . What apprenticeship investments require is marketing and technical assistance to get employers to adopt apprenticeship programs . That 's where government investment needs to be . I 'm not trying to knock college , especially for the broader learning you can get if you devote yourself to it ... but we have to create a wider range of options for people .	As college costs rise and job hunts get tougher , some question : Why go to college ? Economics professor says United States should develop more apprenticeships Apprenticeships teach people a skill -- and pay them -- as they work toward certification Lerman says apprenticeships have been valuable in other countries
CNN  -- A Virginia woman whose husband and daughter were gunned down in last week 's terror attacks in India says the attackers should be forgiven . Kia Scherr , left , says her daughter , Naomi , and husband , Alan , were "  having the times of their lives " in India . "  We must send them our love , forgiveness and compassion , " Kia Scherr told reporters Tuesday of the Mumbai attackers , nine of whom were killed by Indian forces . "  As Jesus Christ said long ago , they know not what they do . "  They are in ignorance , and they are completely shrouded and clouded by fear , and we must show that love is possible and love overpowers fear . So that 's my choice . " Alan Scherr , 58 , and Naomi Scherr , 13 , were among 25 people who had traveled to India for a meditation retreat with Virginia-based spiritual group Synchronicity Foundation , to which the Scherrs belonged . Authorities said the father and daughter were found fatally shot in a restaurant in Mumbai 's Oberoi Hotel , where the group was staying . Kia Scherr , who did n't go on the trip , said at a news conference in Faber , Virginia , she is experiencing the "  deepest grief and pain I have ever known . " Synchronicity 's founder , Charles Cannon , told reporters Alan Scherr was in Cannon 's room at the Oberoi shortly before the attacks began on the night of November 26 . They were discussing the next day 's activities for the group . "  He said that he was hungry and he was going down to the restaurant to eat , " Cannon said . Scherr and his daughter were in the restaurant with other Synchronicity travelers when gunmen burst into the hotel and started shooting , Cannon said . One of the travelers , Andi Veragona , told CNN affiliate WTVF that she was trying to play dead during the attack , and that she was trying to calm Scherr , who was next to her . " -LSB- He -RSB- was panicking , and I put my hand on the back of his neck , and just saying , ` Shhh , ' " she told the Nashville , Tennessee , station . "  And then I felt a bullet penetrate his head , and he just went limp , and he was bleeding all over me . " Linda Ragsdale , Veragona 's friend and fellow Tennessee resident , told The Washington Post that she pulled Naomi Scherr under a table but could n't save her . "  I was taking in the enormity of the moment , thinking that this energetic child who I had been playing with in the pool the night before -- and had made a pact to do somersaults with -- was dead , shot , " Ragsdale told the Post . Ragsdale 's husband , Ben , said his wife and others played dead , but a gunman "  decided to shoot into the file of them . " Three of the Synchronicity survivors in the restaurant -- including Ragsdale and Veragona -- were shot , and a bullet grazed a fourth . Ben Ragsdale said hotel staff eventually led the four outside , where they caught the taxis that drove them to a hospital . Cannon told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Tuesday that he and two others were in his hotel room when the attacks began . They barricaded the door and remained there for nearly 48 hours , getting information about the whereabouts of other Synchronicity members by cell phone and their room phone , he said . "  Slowly , we were able to account for everyone but -LSB- Alan and Naomi Scherr -RSB- , " Cannon said . "  And we knew they had been in the restaurant at a table where four of the others who were shot and injured had gotten out . " About two days after the attacks began , Indian commandos escorted Cannon and the two others out of Cannon 's room , he told reporters at Tuesday 's news conference . He said the hotel looked like "  a bombed-out war zone . " "  Bodies -LSB- were -RSB- everywhere , glass , everything broken and smoky , " he said of the hotel , where grenades had exploded and fires had burned . On his way out , police asked him if he could identify any remains , he said . Cannon said he stepped over bodies and walked through pools of blood in the restaurant to get to the table where Alan and Naomi had been sitting . "  I found and identified Alan and Naomi , who were laying under the table , heads facing each other and their arms outstretched to each other and overlapping , " he said . "  It -LSB- was -RSB- one of the most challenging things I have ever had to do in my life , to identify the remains of two people who I loved like family . " Three of the wounded Synchronicity travelers still were in an Indian hospital this week , Cannon said on "  Larry King Live . " Ragsdale 's son told CNN she had been shot in the back , but that the bullet hit nothing vital . Veragona suffered leg and arm wounds . Kia Scherr told reporters she had spoken to her husband and daughter by phone in the days before the attacks , and that they were "  having the times of their lives . " The trip was the first time Naomi had traveled by plane , and it was Alan 's third visit to India this year , she said . "  He told me by phone one day : ' I love these people . I could live here , ' " she told "  Larry King Live . " CNN 's Brian Todd contributed to this report .	"  We must show that love is possible , " says mother , wife of Mumbai attack victims "  We must send them our love -LSB- and -RSB- forgiveness , " Kia Scherr says Attack survivors describe final moments of Alan , Naomi Scherr in restaurant Founder of group that led trip : I identified bodies after attacks were over
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- The first distress call from the ferry Sewol came not from the crew , but from a boy who used a cell phone to contact emergency services from aboard the sinking ship , the South Korean coast guard confirmed to CNN Tuesday . CNN affiliate JTBC reported that the boy dialed South Korea 's emergency number , telling dispatchers for a local fire service , "  Help us . The boat is sinking . " The boy 's fate was not clear . It was not until three minutes later , the coast guard told CNN , that the ship 's crew made a distress call to maritime officials . The revelation is likely to add to questions about the conduct of the crew , nine of whom are facing charges in last week 's sinking . Among other things , authorities have questioned why an inexperienced third mate was guiding the ship at the time of the accident , why so few of the ferry 's life rafts were deployed and why crew members ordered passengers to don life vests and stay put . At least 146 people are confirmed dead , according to the joint task force leading the search . Earlier , when the death toll was reported to be 128 , authorities had said that 174 people were still missing . The death toll had been expected to climb as divers were able to reach the ship 's cafeteria , where many passengers were thought to be when the ship began to have troubles last week . But early Wednesday , the coast guard said no bodies had been found in the cafeteria . Search for survivors goes on Rescuers will continue to focus on the third and fourth decks of the five-level ship , said Koh Myung-seok , a spokesman for the joint task force . Above the ship , two buoys marked its location in the water , surrounded by dozens of vessels , ranging from dinghies to warships . Inflatable powerboats zipped across the sea , ferrying divers to the area . Searchers used guide ropes to lead them into the submerged ferry . "  Divers ca n't even see their hands , " Koh said . Bard Yoon , one of the divers , said conditions are so bad "  my heart aches . " "  We 're going in thinking there may be survivors , " he said . "  When we have to come back with nothing , we ca n't even face the families . " On shore , relatives of missing passengers waited anxiously , many of them parents of high school students who were on a field trip . As bodies come in , they are called into white domed tents to identify the remains of their loved ones . Authorities said the efforts are still a search and rescue operation , but no survivors have been found since 174 people were rescued soon after the ferry went down . Captain and crew criticized As the search continues , investigators are trying to figure out what happened to make the ship list before finally capsizing and sinking into the ocean . Initial criticism has focused on the captain and some crew members . South Korean President Park Geun-hye said Monday that their actions were "  akin to murder . " The captain , Lee Joon-seok , has defended his decision to tell passengers to stay put as the ferry began sinking , saying he was concerned about the sea 's strong currents and cold water as well as the lack of rescue ships . Questions have been raised about why the third mate was steering the ship when it ran into trouble on its way to a popular vacation island . The captain was in his cabin at the time . Chonghaejin Marine , which operated the ferry , has posted an apology on its website . "  We pray for the Sewol victims who lost their precious lives due to the accident , " it said . "  We prostrate ourselves before the victims ' families and beg for forgiveness . " In recent maritime disasters , captains did n't hang around Students remember vice principal who took own life Murky waters cloud the horror facing rescue divers CNN 's Kyung Lah and K.J. Kwon reported from Jindo , and CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Khushbu Shah , Tim Schwarz , Steven Jiang and Judy Kwon , journalists Stella Kim and Jung-eun Kim , and translator Hyoun Joo Song also contributed to this report .	NEW : The death toll has risen to 146 , authorities say No bodies found in cafeteria , where many people were thought to have been Crew made a distress call three minutes after passenger , South Korean coast guard says Nine crew members facing charges in ferry sinking
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's autopsy is done , but its release is on hold , as is the court case over the iconic singer 's estate . Katherine Jackson has accused the executors of her son Michael 's estate of "  keeping her in the dark . " The autopsy results will not be released indefinitely because of the ongoing investigation into the singer 's death , according to authorities . The Los Angeles coroner 's office said Monday that it would abide by a request from the police department to keep Jackson 's cause and manner of death confidential . Investigators are trying to determine whether anyone should be charged in Jackson 's June 25 death . The singer 's physician , Dr. Conrad Murray , gave the anesthetic propofol to Jackson in the 24 hours before the singer died , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . The source asked not to be named because the individual was not authorized to speak to the news media . Propofol is commonly known by the brand name Diprivan . The court case about Jackson 's estate also has been stalled . On Monday , Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff delayed for a week his decision on whether to approve several contracts for the Jackson 's estate to give the children 's new lawyer -- whom he will appoint -- time to weigh in on the deals . Jackson 's three children will get their own lawyer because the judge overseeing the probate of Jackson 's will is concerned that their interests might sometimes conflict with their grandmother 's . The delay was questioned by lawyers for the estate and the companies involved . They warned the judge that delaying the deals could cost the estate millions of dollars . The contracts would provide for Jackson tribute concerts in London starting next July , and an exhibition of Jackson memorabilia that would travel to at least three cities , according to Kathy Jorrie , a lawyer for concert promoter AEG Live . "  The longer we wait , the more time passes , frankly , the less interest there will be on the part of the public to come see it , " Jorrie said . The judge has already approved a contract to allow Columbia Pictures to use video that AEG Live shot of Jackson 's last rehearsals for a documentary due out this fall . Columbia is a division of Sony . Sony Pictures issued a news release Monday announcing that it would deliver the movie "  This Is It " to theaters starting October 30 "  with the full support of the estate of Michael Jackson . " Court papers filed last week revealed Columbia Pictures would pay a minimum of $ 60 million for the rights to make the Jackson movie . Katherine Jackson 's lawyers , while endorsing the movie deal , have objected to terms given to AEG , saying it is too generous to the company . Jackson 's lawyers objected to the estate 's agreement to let AEG recover all its expenses from that money and then take 10 percent of the remainder . It also gives the company a perpetual share of the profits from the video rights . AEG Live 's lawyer said the company had made many concessions to the estate and could not make more . The judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over Katherine Jackson 's objection . Jermaine Jackson , Michael Jackson 's older brother , told CNN 's Larry King last week that he likes the deals , which he said could bring in nearly $ 100 million into the estate . Katherine Jackson and Jackson 's three children are the main beneficiaries of the estate , which is controlled by Jackson 's former lawyer , John Branca , and longtime Jackson friend and music executive John McClain . Branca and McClain were named in Jackson 's will as executors . Katherine Jackson is considering a challenge of their control of the estate . The decision to name a guardian ad litem , or lawyer appointed by the court , for the children came at the end of a Monday 's hearing . Katherine Jackson was appointed last week as the guardian for the children , but she was not made the guardian for their interest in her son 's estate .	LAPD to coroner : Do n't issue Jackson report ; investigation continues Jackson 's three children will get their own lawyer to protect their interests Katherine Jackson was appointed last week as the guardian for the children
CNN  -- Mario Balotelli 's career at Manchester City is hanging in the balance after manager Roberto Mancini gave the clearest indication yet that he is willing to sell the troubled striker . Mancini admitted his patience was wearing thin with the 21-year-old Italian who was sent off for the third time this season in Man City 's 1-0 defeat at Arsenal on Sunday . When asked if Balotelli would be sold , Mancini said : "  Probably -- but I do n't know . It depends , because Balotelli is a fantastic player . "  Every time we risk one  man being  sent off , like today . But he can score also in the last minute . "  It 's clear he 's created big problems , but he 's scored important goals . "  He needs to change his behavior if he wants to improve his life . I 've seen players finish in two or three years with huge talent . He needs to change . " Sunday 's loss leaves City eight points behind arch rivals Manchester United , dealing a potentially fatal blow to their Premier League title hopes . Balotelli , who has earned a reputation for his controversial antics both on and off the pitch , was red-carded for a foul on Barcary Sagna on Sunday . He could also receive a retrospective punishment from the English Football Association for a dangerous tackle on Alex Song earlier in the game which match officials failed to see . Replays showed Balotelli going in knee-high on the Arsenal midfielder , who escaped serious injury . But despite last week admitting Balotelli was so frustrating he would punch him if they were teammates , Mancini refused to condemn the footballer outright . "  I love him as a guy , I love him as a player , because I know him . He 's not a bad guy . He 's a fantastic player , " he said . "  But , at this moment , I 'm very sorry because he continues to lose his talent , his quality . "  I hope , for him , that he can understand that he 's in a bad way for his future , and he can change his behavior in the future . " It is the latest controversy for the forward who crashed his Bentley in Manchester city center last week . But with six games left for City this season and hopes of a first English title in 44 years all but dead in the water , Mancini 's own position at the club will also be under scrutiny . He insisted he was "  100 % " the right man for the job , saying : "  When I arrived , City were seventh or eighth . After six months , we were fighting for the Champions League and lost to Tottenham one game from the end . "	Manchester City manager Robert Mancini admits Mario Balotelli may be sold Balotelli sent off for third time this season for two fouls on Barcary Sagna English FA to quiz match officials on Balotelli 's earlier tackle on midfielder Alex Song
CNN  -- John David LaDue readily admits he came from a good home and says he was never bullied . But something in him drove the 17-year-old Minnesotan toward an obsessively detailed plot -- one in which , he said , he wanted to kill his family , set off bombs at a school and then shoot students . "  I think I 'm really mentally ill , " he told police . "  And no one has noticed . I 've been trying to hide it . " Transcripts of LaDue 's police interviews were released Tuesday . They fill more than 140 pages . And they offer , in his own words , a chilling glimpse of a teenage boy and his homicidal mindset -- and how far he had wanted to go to act on it . LaDue was arrested in April before he could carry out his attack . He sits in jail facing numerous charges , including attempted murder . He has pleaded not guilty . CNN does not usually publish the names of minors charged with crimes but is naming LaDue in this case because his name has been widely reported in his community . Despising Lanza LaDue 's mother told police she had no idea he was allegedly plotting to kill his family . Yet , he said , he plotted right under her nose . He made no effort to hide anything . He told police they 'd find three live bombs in a box on the floor next to his bed . LaDue said his main target was Waseca Junior/Senior High School . But first , he said , he was going to kill his father , mother and sister . "  They did nothing wrong ; I just wanted as many victims as possible , " he told officers who questioned him . He said he wanted his attack to be more effective than Adam Lanza 's shooting rampage at Sandy Hook Elementary . He had a low opinion of Lanza , he said , because he shot small children . "  I did n't want to be known as a guy who would go to a place with a bunch of kindergartner  s  , " he told police . He thought it more honorable to kill students his own age . LaDue had studied mass killers in the United States dating back to the 1920s and rated them on the intensity of their crimes , he said . He had a pecking order of killers he admired . One of his favorites used explosives to kill people at a school . Another Columbine After slaying his family , the teen , who idealized the Columbine school shooters in particular , allegedly wanted to set a fire . The arson , however , would only be a diversion to tie up emergency responders while he carried out the main plot at the school , police said . He 'd planned to set off "  numerous bombs " during the lunch hour at Waseca Junior/Senior High School , then kill the school resource officer . Then he 'd shoot at students until police officers arrived . He wanted to die but thought it cowardly to turn the gun on himself the way Lanza did . "  I wanted to get taken down by the SWAT , " he told officers , according to the newly released documents . "  I really wanted to get out of this place . " Plan foiled Luckily , a witness thwarted his plan when she saw the 17-year-old tending to a storage locker , where he kept his stash of bomb-making materials . She dialed 911 . Officers arrived to find LaDue in the locker surrounded by an assortment of gunpowder , pyrotechnic chemicals , ball bearings and a pressure cooker , police said . Mental torment LaDue asked his interviewers to let him see a psychiatrist over his state of mind . In the eighth grade , he was a model student , whose report card was filled with top grades , he said . A year later , his thoughts began to turn dark . "  I started having homicidal ... thoughts about some people in my school , " he told officers . Homemade bombs He loved his chemistry class in particular and developed a fascination for explosives . Recipes to concoct the volatile chemicals were right at his fingertips . "  I spent hours , maybe hours a day reading websites of how to synthesize things like mercury fulminate and nitrocellulose , HMX , HNB and various other things , " he said . His mother described how she 'd go to bed and see him still in front of his computer screen , but she had no idea what he was up to . LaDue built bombs , starting off with small charges . Police found videos he made of himself setting off his homemade devices . He tested them then tinkered with their designs to improve them , he said . A close call The teen 's cache in the storage locker contained just pieces of the puzzle . Police got a search warrant in April and went to LaDue 's home , where he lived with his family . Behind that door lay finished bombs , "  numerous guns " and ammunition , police say . And they found LaDue 's neatly laid plan in a journal dozens of pages thick . A bomb squad removed all recovered explosives and destroyed them by controlled detonation at a local airport . They did so just in time . Everything was prepared and ready to go ; LaDue was just waiting for the right moment to launch the scheme . A lucky calendar this year may have prevented him from hatching his plan earlier -- before it could be thwarted . He had wanted to carry it out on April 19 , a day before the 15th anniversary of the mass shooting at Columbine High School in Colorado . The date fell on a day when school was out . "  But then I had to skip it , " he said . "  I wanted it to be in April , because it 's my favorite month ... because that 's the month that all the really bad tragedies happened . " Robbins : The real gun problem is mental health , not the NRA What you need to know about U.S. School Violence CNN 's Ric Ward , Cristy Lenz and Emma Lacy-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	John LaDue says he did n't care for Adam Lanza because he shot small children But he said he was going to kill his family first , just to have a higher death toll LaDue told police that he is mentally ill and asked to see a psychiatrist
CNN  -- Rapid-fire TV news bulletins or getting updates via social-networking tools such as Twitter could numb our sense of morality and make us indifferent to human suffering , scientists say . Scientists say updates on networking tools such as Twitter are often too quick for the brain to fully digest . New findings show that the streams of information provided by social networking sites are too fast for the brain 's "  moral compass " to process and could harm young people 's emotional development . Before the brain can fully digest the anguish and suffering of a story , it is being bombarded by the next news bulletin or the latest Twitter update , according to a University of Southern California study . "  If things are happening too fast , you may not ever fully experience emotions about other people 's psychological states and that would have implications for your morality , " said researcher Mary Helen Immordino-Yang . The report , published next week in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences Online Early Edition , studied how volunteers responded to real-life stories chosen to stimulate admiration for virtue or skill , or compassion for physical or social pain . iReport.com : Growing pains for Twitter , Facebook ? Brain scans showed humans can process and respond very quickly to signs of physical pain in others , but took longer to show admiration or compassion . "  For some kinds of thought , especially moral decision-making about other people 's social and psychological situations , we need to allow for adequate time and refection , " said Immordio-Yang . She said the study raises questions about the emotional cost , particularly for young people , of heavy reliance on a torrent of news snippets delivered via TV and online feeds such as Twitter . She said : "  We need to understand how social experience shapes interactions between the body and mind , to produce citizens with a strong moral compass . " USC sociologist Manuel Castells said the study raised more concerns over fast-moving TV than the online environment . "  In a media culture in which violence and suffering becomes an endless show , be it in fiction or in infotainment , indifference to the vision of human suffering gradually sets in . " Research leader Antonio Damasio , director of USC 's Brain and Creativity Institute , said the findings stressed the need for slower delivery of the news , and highlighted the importance of slow-burn emotions like admiration . Damasio cited the example of U.S. President Barack Obama , who says he was inspired by his father , to show how admiration can be key to cultural success . "  We actually separate the good from the bad in great part thanks to the feeling of admiration . It 's a deep physiological reaction that 's very important to define our humanity . " Twitter , which allows users to swap messages and links of 140-characters or less , says on its Web site that it sees itself as a solution to information overload , rather than a cause of it . This function , It says , "  means you can step in and out of the flow of information as it suits you and it never queues up with increasing demand of your attention . "	USC study says rapid-fire Twitter and news updates are too fast for brain Scans show humans respond rapidly to pain , but not compassion , admiration Scientists say reliance on news snippets could harm moral compass
MISHAWAKA , Indiana  CNN  -- "  What should I do with my used textbooks ? " Xavier Helgesen of Better World Books and his partners say they have a small business plan others can follow . That 's a question many college students have pondered . But for Xavier Helgesen and his partners , Kreece Fuchs and Jeff Kurtzman , that question laid the foundation for their company , Better World Books . "  We just thought , like , wow , there are all these books out there that the bookstores are just saying , ` No , I do n't want it , ' but there 's totally value in those books , " Helgesen said . "  You just got ta get them efficiently up on the Internet and then someone will buy them . " Since the university bookstore would n't buy back their used textbooks , the founders tried selling the books on the eBay company half.com . The books sold like "  gangbusters , " Helgesen said , for about $ 50 each . From there the partners began holding book drives . In one drive in 2002 , they collected 2,000 books and then sold them for $ 20,000 the next autumn . That success led to other drives , but textbooks could n't sustain the business alone . So Better World Books began reaching out to libraries . "  We went to the American Library Association conference with kind of a one page printed pamphlet that said , ` We 'll sell your books , ' and we heard all these horror stories , " Helgesen said . "  We heard of libraries having to dump books down a well at midnight because they were n't allowed to even recycle them , but they did n't have any room on their shelves and they needed a home for these old books . "  Once we started doing that ... we get twice as many books from libraries now than we do from college campuses . " Watch Helgesen talk about how the company got started " Every day , Better World brings in 40,000 to 50,000 books , and the company says they send just as many out . Now with more than 2 million books in their Mishawaka , Indiana , warehouse at any given time , the owners of Better World Books said they think they have a book for everyone -- and a small business plan others can follow . Maintaining a successful small business , one that continues to grow in a recession , is no easy feat . After funding the business themselves for the first five years , the founders got a Small Business Administration-backed credit line in 2004 , followed by a $ 2.4 million venture capital investment in 2008 . They used the funding to build up their Web site and the Better World Books brand . As other small businesses have struggled , Helgesen and his partners have seen their revenues grow , from $ 4 million a year in 2005 to a projected $ 31 million in 2009 . And all the time they are helping others buy books they might not ordinarily be able to afford . The cheapest books sell for about $ 3.50 each , and all of the books are shipped at no cost to customers -- whether they buy 5 or 500 books at a time . The average order is for three or four books . But textbook deals remain at the heart of the Better World Books business . "  We 've gone through great lengths to build a business where we bring in tons and tons of college textbooks , " Helgesen said . "  What 's cool about us is we post them at about market level , so some of the books will only be about 20 or 30 percent off , so they may still be $ 80 to $ 90 . Some other ones are 90 percent off , so you may be getting a $ 100 book for $ 10 , and that happens every day here . " For Helgesen , Fuchs and Kurtzman , giving back is a vital part of the operation . Better World Books donates 5 to 10 percent of its revenue back into the hands of libraries and literacy programs around the world . And what about the books that still do n't sell even at Better World Books ? If a book does n't sell and is n't fit for donation , the company will ship it off for recycling . "  We actually audit our recycler , " Helgesen said . "  We go there and see what they do , we check who they sell to and try to make sure they 're being ethical and not just lighting a big bonfire with the books . " CNN Producer Ben Tinker contributed to this report .	Three partners build business on used college textbooks , library volumes Better World Books brings in and sends out 40,000 to 50,000 books daily Revenue has grown from $ 4 million in 2005 to a projected $ 31 million in 2009 Five to 10 percent of revenue donated to libraries , literacy programs
CNN  -- A 2,000-pound European satellite burned up as it re-entered Earth 's atmosphere early Monday , controllers reported . Re-entry was made close to 1 a.m. Monday  7 p.m. ET  , the European Space Agency said . "  As expected , the satellite disintegrated in the high atmosphere and no damage to property has been reported , " the space agency said . The Gravity Field and Steady-State Ocean Circulation Explorer -- a European Space Agency satellite known shorthand as GOCE -- crossed over Siberia , the western Pacific Ocean , the eastern Indian Ocean and Antarctica upon its re-entry . The 5-meter  16-foot  satellite was launched in 2009 to map variations in the Earth 's gravity in 3-D , provide ocean circulation patterns and make other measurements . Powered by solar panels and not-your-average lithium-ion battery , it lasted more than three times its expected lifespan before running out of juice on October 21 . In March 2011 , the ESA added another role -- as the "  first seismometer in orbit " -- when GOCE detected sound waves from the massive earthquake that struck Japan .	NEW : Satellite disintegrated in the high atmosphere The GOCE satellite 's orbit has been decaying since it ran out of fuel in late October The satellite was launched in 2009 to map variations in Earth 's gravity
CNN  -- The list of relatives Widline Germain has not heard from since Haiti 's earthquake seems like a town population in itself . "  When you count our extended family -- the dozens of cousins and aunts and uncles -- there 's several hundred of us in Haiti , and we do n't know where most of them are , " she said from her home in Binghamton , New York . On January 11 , the day before the magnitude-7 .0 earthquake hit , the 25-year-old who recently graduated from SUNY Cortland returned to New York from an extended New Year 's holiday in Haiti . Drawing attention to a photo of the Haitian presidential palace lit up with Christmas lights , a tree decorated on its grounds , she said , "  It 's like I 'm stuck in a horrible dream . The bed I was sleeping in the day before the earthquake is dust . " On Thursday , Germain went through the names of relatives -- she says she has about 400 in Haiti -- whom she and her parents are searching for and whom they know are gone . Elise and Benson Germain and their son Junior Germain , missing . Marie Nerla Nicolas and Wilkense Nicolas , missing . "  I lost a cousin on my father 's side . My mother lost her sister and all four kids , " she said . "  There are 10 missing on my mother 's side and eight missing on father 's side . " Learn more about some of Germain 's missing relatives She described a mentally disabled uncle who reported being attacked by thugs in Port-au-Prince . Many of her family members live in Jrmie , a river town of about 31,000 that is largely isolated from the rest of the country . "  The ones in Jrmie , I do n't think most rescuers are getting to the smaller towns , " she said , pausing . "  All my little cousins -- like ages 2 to 7 -- how are they ever going to be able to get over walking over dead bodies in the street ? "  They were telling us on their cell phones that they do n't have water . They have nothing , " Germain said . "  We are here , and we ca n't do anything for them . My family is there starving and thirsty , sleeping on the street -- elderly people sleeping on the street -- and I 'm here with water and food . I ca n't stand this . It 's wrong . " She and her father and their extended family in New York are prepared to take everyone in . "  It 's going to be hard , but we have college degrees , jobs , a big house , " she said . "  We 're going to manage , because they 're family , and that 's what you do . "	Haitian-American spent holidays in Haiti , returned day before quake hit She said her extended family in Haiti numbers about 400 "  My family is there starving and thirsty , sleeping on the street , " she said
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Sanlu Group , the company at the center of China 's tainted infant formula scandal , has filed for bankruptcy . Markets withdrew Sanlu milk powder in September after melamine was found as an additive . A court in Shijiazhuang , China , where the company is based , told CNN Wednesday it has received the bankruptcy application . Baby formula produced by Sanlu -- previously one of China 's leading dairy producers -- was first flagged in the scandal when it recalled about 700 tons of the powdered milk in September after discovering the product was contaminated with melamine . The poisonings killed six babies and sickened 290,000 others , according to China 's Xinhua news agency . Melamine is commonly used in coatings and laminates , wood adhesives , fabric coatings , ceiling tiles and flame retardants . Some Chinese dairy plants have added it to milk products to make it seem to have a higher protein level . Melamine is the same industrial contaminant from China that poisoned and killed thousands of U.S. dogs and cats last year . Health experts say ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , urinary tract ulcers , and eye and skin irritation . It also robs infants of much-needed nutrition . Sanlu could be taken over by Beijing Sanyuan Food Company or Wandashan Dairy , Xinhua reported . Chinese investigators found melamine in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 companies , according to then-quality control official Li Changjiang , who was forced to resign . Thousands of tons of tainted milk powder were recalled , including pullbacks by Mengniu Dairy Group , China 's largest milk producer , and Sanlu . In addition to Li 's ouster , the fallout from the scandal led to arrest of at least 18 people in September and new government safety measures . New Zealand-based Fonterra , which owns a 43 percent stake in Sanlu , said the Shijiazhuang court issued the bankruptcy order against the Chinese company in response to a creditor 's petition . Under the court order , according to Fonterra , a court-appointed receiver will manage Sanlu and assume responsibility "  for an orderly sale of the company 's assets and payment of creditors " within six months . "  This bankruptcy order is not a surprise to us , " Andrew Ferrier , Fonterra 's CEO , said in statement . "  We were aware that Sanlu was in a very difficult situation and faced mounting debts as a result of the melamine contamination crisis . "	Sanlu was one of China 's leading dairy producers Some Chinese dairy plants added melamine to milk products to boost protein levels Ingesting melamine can lead to kidney stones , eye and skin irritation , experts say Official : Melamine was found in nearly 70 milk products from more than 20 firms
CNN  -- Monsters of the deep will have a man-made horror to contend with , as the Crabster CR200 is released into the oceans . Weighing over half a ton , the six-legged , crustacean-inspired robot is intended for the most dangerous undersea exploration . Developed by the Korean Institute of Ocean Science and Technology  KIOST  , the Crabster offers a solution to a longstanding problem . While propeller-driven craft do not work well in fierce tides , and divers are limited to calm , relatively shallow seas , the new machine mimics the design of crabs and lobsters that live in stormy waters but are still able to control their movements . The Crabster is 2.4 m long , 2.4 m wide and 1.3 m tall -- rising to 1.8 m when it stands up . Including payload it weighs around 650 kg , and its six legs contain 30 motors , giving the remote pilot ample control and dexterity . As the Crabster creeps along the ocean floor , it can adapt its posture to different current or pressure conditions , to a depth of around 200 meters . Using sonar , it scans the landscape for objects of interest , and can relay images through onboard cameras . Crabster is undergoing final tests in "  aggressive waters " ahead of its first mission . In May , it will be hunting for ancient artifacts in the Yellow Sea , where existing crafts have failed . Read this : The guns that know who 's firing them Lead researcher Bong Huan Jun told CNN the machine had performed "  very well " in tests , but was undergoing constant modification . "  We are performing tests nearly every day , " Huan Jun told CNN . "  We upgrade Crabster software for more stable and fast walking and manipulation . " The researcher says the robot 's speed of just 10 cm/second is one of the main challenges his team face , along with enhancing the vehicle 's stability in strong currents and on rough terrain . The underwater vision system is another priority . But should Crabster succeed in its maiden voyage , Huan Jun predicts a widespread impact . "  We suppose CR200 can conduct seabed mapping , survey and inspection of wrecks , pipelines , ecosystems and pollution down to a 200-meter depth . CR200 will help divers or work instead of them in harsh environments . It also could assist in locating underwater resources , carrying out underwater mining , and responding to oil spill incidents . " Huan Jun hopes his creation will be manufactured for use across the world , and is already looking ahead to future incarnations inspired by nature . "  We are now studying to make the Crabster to swim like turtles or diving beetles . And we are also considering the hydraulic Crabster for heavy-duty underwater working . " And are the researchers expecting their machine to be accepted in the marine environment ? "  I do n't know if the animals treat the Crabster as a real crab or not , " says Huan Jun. "  I thought fish like it more than the other underwater vehicles with propellers that make noise . I hope animals treat Crabster friendly . " As of its introduction this year , any swimmers that come into contact with the robot may hope for the same treatment . Gallery : What the Internet really looks like Web inventor : We need Internet freedom	Crabster CR200 is an underwater exploration vehicle It is being developed by Korean Institute of Ocean Science and Technology It is set for its first expedition in May 2014
Two years after Japan 's Prime Minister Shinzo Abe unveiled his plan to finally break the country 's economy free from more than 20 years of under-performance , the much-hoped-for renaissance has not filtered down to everyone . Standing near a 100-meter long queue for lottery tickets in Tokyo 's wealthy Ginza district , 34-year-old nurse Mihoko Aoki is still waiting for proof that it is working . "  I hear that Abenomics is bringing merit to big companies , but for small companies like my husband 's one , there is no benefit , " she says . "  And for me as a nurse there are no benefits either . " There are changes but , for her , not good ones . She notes that the price of food has gone "  up and up " over the past year and that life for her is starting to get tight . "  I wish that Abenomics would bring my quality of life up , because at the moment it 's just the rich people who are getting the benefits . " A 78-year-old man standing nearby , who would only give his name as Mr. Hirano , agreed . "  They say that employment is getting better , but all I see is the price of things going up , and that is hurting me . " But rising prices is actually one of the key targets of Abenomics . After more than a decade of deflation , where prices fell and consumers held back from spending in the hope they would fall further , a combination of pumping money through the system and cutting the value of the yen which makes imports more expensive , is having the desired affect . READ MORE : Abe 's election gamble puts policies on the line Japanese are getting out and spending more and prices are rising . Or at least they were -- until a new consumption tax was introduced in April which not only stopped spending in its tracks , but sent the economy into recession . To be fair , the tax was a hangover from a previous government , but Abe 's Liberal Democratic Party did support it . But there are still plenty of winners from Abenomics . Shuhei Yeda is a 37-year-old construction company employee . He says that his salary is up 3 % this year and he is now getting fat bonuses as a result of the government-backed boom in construction . "  I am getting a big boost from Abenomics . We do n't have enough people for all the work , " he says . Certainly , the unemployment rate in Japan is the envy of the developed world at under 3 % . Companies are on a hiring spree as the yen weakens and exports become more competitive . At home , the service industry is also booming . According to JP Morgan 's managing director and head of research , Jesper Koll , 130,000 jobs a month have been created since Abenomics kicked off . "  The key issue is whether the economy is creating jobs , and the answer is absolutely yes . On top of that you have corporates making more money , they have basically doubled , so you have employment up and profit up and consumer sentiment on the rise . " But there are still plenty of Japanese who are not a part of this picture . And they are they people that Abe needs to convince if he is to stay in power .	Two years after its introduction , Abenomics is yet to benefit all Japanese Some sectors of the economy are doing well out of the Japanese PM 's flagship policy But rising prices mean that not all Japanese are fans of the policy Abe is painting the impending general election as a referendum on Abenomics
CNN  -- Friday morning , a Connecticut school for young children was turned into a living hell . It had been a place of innocence , a haven where boys and girls learned , laughed and played . Now , it was a place of shock and sorrow , a grisly crime scene . The shooting spree at Sandy Hook Elementary shattered sleepy Newtown and it shattered America 's notions of what constitutes a safe place . It happened just days after a gunman shot three people , killing two of them , at an Oregon mall filled with Christmas shoppers . For three days that place also became a crime scene . Earlier this summer , another place , a movie theater in Colorado was also marked a crime scene after a gunman shot 12 people to death at a screening of the newest Batman movie Timeline : School violence in the U.S. . There have been other recent slaughters that have rattled America including one at an Arizona shopping center where people came to meet Rep. Gabrielle Giffords . These are not places of darkness . They are not places where people expect the worst of mankind to surface . "  There really is no safe place . That is just our imagination , " said Daniela Schreier , a forensic and clinical psychologist at the Chicago School of Professional Psychology . And what is perceived as safe seems to be shrinking after a spate of high-profile crimes . Places like the Newtown school are part of an assumptive world , said psychologist Robin Gurwitch of Duke University Medical Center . They are places where people take their safety for granted . "  Events like the Connecticut school shooting shatter that notion and we are left reeling . " Gurwitch said . "  What we held as our ideal has now been turned upside down . " Even President Barack Obama wiped away tears and paused to collect himself Friday as he spoke of "  beautiful little children " killed Friday . "  Our hearts , " he said , "  are broken today . "  We 've endured too many of these tragedies in the past few years and each time I learn the news , I react not as a president , but as anybody else would , as a parent , " Obama said . "  And that was especially true today . I know there 's not a parent in America who does n't feel the same overwhelming grief that I do . " Parents : It ` does n't seem possible ' Or feel anxiety over having to send their children back to school on Monday . It 's not that violence has not occurred in elementary schools before . In 1989 , a 24-year-old drifter aimed his AK-47 and killed five children on an elementary school playground in California . As far back as 1959 , a convict exploded a suitcase of dynamite on a school playground in Houston and killed five people , including three children . But the school shootings that have made recent headlines , starting with Columbine in 1999 , have mainly occurred at high schools . The fact that the Connecticut shootings , one of the deadliest in U.S. history , involved such young children makes the tragedy that much harder to fathom , Gurwitch said . "  We begin to think : Is it safe to even step outside ? " Gurwitch said . Some people deal with that potentially debilitating thought with denial -- that this sort of thing happens in Connecticut or in Oregon or in Colorado but it can never happen where they are . "  You have to tell yourself that , " Schreier said . "  Otherwise you will never go to a mall or to a school . " It 's already intimidating enough with metal detectors everywhere from airports to libraries . As horrific as the Newtown shootings are , the reality is that most schools in America still are safe , said Howard Kassinove , director of the Institute for the Study and Treatment of Anger and Aggression . It 's just that people 's perceptions are more easily swayed in this era of instant information . He likened it to a news story about a shark attack . "  What you have is this notion of one person being bitten by a shark in Australia and the news goes around the world and all of a sudden , you think shark bites are prevalent , " he said . Photos : Shock and horror Friday 's shooting was almost instantly on television : images of horror repeated many times . That is why , perhaps , that some people worry more , Kassinove said . And they become anxious . "  The only thing we can do is to sit down with our children and talk about it , especially with the little ones , " Schreier said . Talk about this new world we live in . Declan Procaccini , whose daughter attends Sandy Hook Elementary , did just that . "  It was only a week ago we were talking about this type of situation and I said the chances of it happening are one in a zillion at Sandy Hook , " he said . "  I was wrong about that . " He said he has been doing his best to soothe his children . "  It 's funny -- a bomb hit and there is a lot of smoke and it 's still here , " he said . "  I have n't had enough time to really plan , but hopefully by the time they do go back to school , I will have done a good enough job of making them feel as comfortable  as I can  . " His children were already asking him when this might happen again . The game , he said , was changed from this moment on . Opinion : Now is the time to talk guns , mental illness	Places that were considered safe are turning into crime scenes That Friday 's shooting happened in an elementary school was especially hard to take The Newtown tragedy turned everything upside down , said a psychologist Some people cope with this kind of tragedy by thinking it ca n't happen to them
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration said Friday its officers at a Texas airport appear to have properly followed procedures when they allegedly forced a woman to remove her nipple rings -- one with pliers -- but acknowledged the procedures should be changed . The woman involved -- Mandi Hamlin -- told reporters earlier Friday she was humiliated by last month 's incident , in which she was forced to painfully remove the piercings behind a curtain as she heard snickers from male TSA officers nearby . The incident occurred at the Lubbock , Texas , airport . The officers "  rightly insisted that the alarm that was raised be resolved , " the TSA said in a statement posted on its Web site Friday afternoon . "  TSA supports the thoroughness of the officers involved as they were acting to protect the passengers and crews of the flights departing Lubbock that day . " However , "  TSA has reviewed the procedures themselves and agrees that they need to be changed , " the statement said . "  In the future , TSA will inform passengers that they have the option to resolve the alarm through a visual inspection of the article in lieu of removing the item in question . " Hamlin and her lawyer , celebrity attorney Gloria Allred , said they want a public apology from the agency , as well as a guarantee that future passengers with piercings will be treated with dignity and respect . Allred pointed out that TSA 's Web site says passengers with piercings can undergo a pat-down inspection if they do not want to take their piercings out -- an option she said Hamlin was never offered . "  The conduct of TSA was cruel and unnecessary , " Allred told reporters at a news conference . "  Last time that I checked , a nipple was not a dangerous weapon . " She said if an apology was not forthcoming , "  Mandi is going to have to consider her legal options . " Attempts by CNN to reach Allred for a response to the TSA statement Friday afternoon were unsuccessful . TSA said in its statement it acknowledges "  that our procedures caused difficulty for the passenger involved and regrets  the  situation in which she found herself . We appreciate her raising awareness on this issue and we are changing the procedures to ensure that this does not happen again . " The incident occurred February 24 as Hamlin , 37 , was preparing to fly to Dallas-Fort Worth from Lubbock , where she had been visiting her elderly great-uncle . Hamlin said she also has navel and ear piercings and has never set off a metal detector or been singled out for additional screening at an airport . She did not set off the metal detector at Lubbock International Airport , but was pulled to the side for additional screening , Allred said . A hand wand used by a TSA officer beeped when it was waved over her breasts . Hamlin told the officer she had nipple piercings , Allred said , and that officer called over another officer , who told her she would need to remove them . "  Ms. Hamlin did not want to remove her nipple piercings , " Allred said , reading from a letter she sent TSA . "  After nipple rings are inserted , the skin can often heal around the piercing and the rings can be extremely difficult and painful to remove . In addition , once removed , the pierced skin may close up almost immediately , making it difficult and painful to reinsert the piercing . " More officers were called over , and the group grew to four male and two female TSA officers , according to Hamlin . Also , a small crowd of onlookers had started to gather . The officers insisted that Hamlin remove the nipple rings , Allred said . "  She felt humiliated by the scene that the TSA officers were making , " Allred said . "  With tears streaming down her face , she again asked to show the piercings to a TSA officer instead of having to remove them . She was told , however , she would not be allowed to fly unless she removed them . Had she been told that she had a right to a pat-down , she would have chosen that option . " She eventually was taken to a private area behind a curtain to remove the piercings , Allred said . One came out easily , but the other would not , and she called to an officer that she was having trouble and would need pliers . She was handed a large pair , Allred said . "  As Ms. Hamlin struggled to remove the piercing , behind the curtain she could hear a growing number of predominately male TSA officers snickering in the background , " Allred said in the letter . "  Mandi Hamlin was publicly humiliated . ... Clearly , this is not how passengers should be treated . " Watch the passenger demonstrate removing the jewelry " Afterward , Hamlin underwent another scan , but realized she had forgotten to remove her navel ring . She offered to remove it , Allred said , but an officer told her it was not necessary because he could see it . Hamlin wondered why a similar visual inspection of her nipple rings would not have sufficed , Allred said . "  I would n't wish this experience upon anyone , " Hamlin told reporters . "  I felt surprised , embarrassed , humiliated and scared . No one deserves to go through this . " In a statement earlier Friday , the TSA said it "  is well aware of terrorists ' interest in hiding dangerous items in sensitive areas of the body . Therefore , we have a duty to the American public to resolve any alarm that we discover . " TSA included in its statement a picture of a prototype training device it will use to simulate a "  bra bomb " in training and testing its officers . Hamlin said she had to visit the person who originally pierced her nipples to get the rings reinserted , and said the process was excruciatingly painful because of the scar tissue that had formed . "  People who are pierced should not be snickered at , should not become the object of ridicule , should not be singled out for special and uneven and unequal treatment , " Allred said . "  They should be respected just like everybody else . " She said she had received a call from TSA 's public affairs office Friday morning . "  We hope that means they 're going to jump on this and do something about it , " she said . "  We want TSA to do the right thing now . We 're going to give them the opportunity . " Hamlin said she will continue to fly but will avoid the Lubbock airport . The next time she visits her great-uncle , she said , "  I will be driving . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Ahlers contributed to this report .	NEW : TSA backs officers who made passenger remove nipple rings NEW : Agency acknowledges that procedures need to be changed Agent using handheld metal detector at Lubbock airport found piercings Woman says she heard male agents snicker as she removed rings
The worst outbreak of Ebola , which has killed 961 people and triggered an international public health emergency , may have started with a 2-year-old patient in a village in Guinea . About eight months ago , the toddler , whom researchers believe may have been Patient Zero , suffered fever , black stool and vomiting . Just four days after showing the painful symptoms , the child died on December 6 , 2013 , according to a report published in The New England Journal of Medicine . Scientists do n't know exactly how the toddler contracted the virus . Ebola is spread from animals to humans through infected fluids or tissue , according to the World Health Organization . "  In Africa , infection has been documented through the handling of infected chimpanzees , gorillas , fruit bats , monkeys , forest antelope and porcupines , " WHO says , though researchers think fruit bats are what they call the virus 's "  natural host . " Researchers who published the paper this year found a chain of illnesses in the toddler 's family . After the child 's death , the mother suffered bleeding symptoms and died on December 13 , according to the report . Then , the toddler 's 3-year-old sister died on December 29 , with symptoms including fever , vomiting and black diarrhea . The illness subsequently affected the toddler 's grandmother , who died on January 1 , in the family 's village of Meliandou in Guckdou . The area in southern Guinea is close to the Sierra Leone and Liberia borders . The illness spread outside their village after several people attended the grandmother 's funeral . Funerals tend to bring people in close contact with the body . Ebola spreads from person to person through contact with organs and bodily fluids such as blood , saliva , urine and other secretions of infected people . It has no known cure . Two of the funeral attendees appeared to bring back the virus to their village , and it spread to health care workers and other family members who took care of infected patients . "  A health care worker from Guckdou with suspected disease , seems to have triggered the spread of the virus to Macenta , Nzrkor , and Kissidougou in February 2014 , " stated the report , noting that more Guinea towns were affected . Clusters of the disease popped up in early 2014 in these areas , with the initial patients suffering fever , vomiting and severe diarrhea , according to the report . Hemorrhaging was less frequent , the report noted . In early March , the Ministry of Health in Guinea and Doctors Without Borders in Guinea were notified about the disease clusters . Health investigators arrived that month and began tracing the disease by examining hospital documents and conducting interviews with affected families and villagers . Ebola has now spread to Liberia , Sierra Leone and Nigeria , prompting global concerns . The report about the emergence of Ebola in Guinea was authored by dozens of international doctors and researchers from institutions in France , Germany , Guinea , WHO and Doctors Without Borders . WHO panel to discuss Ebola drug ethics	New England Journal of Medicine report : Guinea toddler was the first suspected case The child died in a village in Guinea on December 6 , 2013 The illness spread to family members and mourners who attended a funeral The Ebola outbreak is now in four countries , with 961 people dead
CNN  -- This week we 're going beyond the continent 's borders to explore the African Diaspora . Forced to flee Somalia , refugees are rebuilding communities in the United States . We visit America 's largest Somali neighborhood , in the state of Minnesota , and take a look at the medical community 's attention to Somali health . We also look at how a Somali chef is on a mission to share the flavor and fusion of East African cuisine with the people of Minnesota . Rebuilding Communities In Somalia , an ongoing civil war has caused instability throughout the country and displaced countless people . Now , tens of thousands of those refugees live in Minnesota . The team go into the local East African neighborhood and find out how Somalis are adjusting to their new home . Somali Health Care We look at how Minnesota 's Somali community is benefiting from access to local healthcare . Safari Express One Somali emigrant , 28-year-old Jamal Hashi , is enjoying the sweet smell of success . He 's the owner of Safari Express -- a fast-food take on African food . He tells us about his mission to share his country 's cuisine .	Thousands of Somali refugees are living in the U.S. state of Minnesota Minnesota 's Somali community is benefiting from access to local healthcare One fast-food restaurant is treating American palettes to African flavors
CNN  -- Fans of "  Iron Man , " take notice : A group of students at the Royal College of Art in London have created two masks that can give you superhuman sight and hearing . The first prototype covers the wearer 's ears , mouth and nose and uses a directional microphone to give him the ability to hear an isolated sound in a noisy environment . For example , you could target a person in a crowd and clearly hear his words without the surrounding noise . The other prototype is worn over one 's eyes . A camera captures video and sends it to a computer , which can apply a set of effects to it in real-time and send it back to the wearer . One can , for example , use it to see movement patterns , similar to the effects of long-exposure photography . Watch : Wearable tech tracks your life The team behind project Eidos  $ " Tim Bouckley , Millie Clive-Smith , Mi Eun Kim and Yuta Sugawara  $ " see many possible applications of this technology . For example , one could use the visual mask it to analyze movement and technique in sports . In another example , concert-goers could use the hearing mask to focus on a certain performer at a concert . "  We are used to controlling the world around us to find the settings that suit us best . But while technology advances to aid this , our physical bodies remain the same . What if we had the same control over our senses ? If we could adjust them in real time , what experiences would this make possible , ' they ask . Read more : Digital tattoos , mind reading headphones Though the Eidos prototypes are relatively simple , the ideas behind the project are interesting . With wearable tech being the talk of the town as of late , one has to wonder if Google Glass , for example , could be paired with visual or auditory augmentation technology to "  improve " your senses . What superhuman abilities would you like to gain from wearable tech ? Share your ideas in the comments .  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Students at the Royal College of Art have created masks that can give enhanced sight and hearing First mask uses a microphone to isolate a specific sound in a noisy environment The other , worn over the eyes , can apply visual effects seen by the wearer in real time
CNN  -- Ten years ago , politicians and pundits liked to say , "  9/11 changed everything . " For a while , it seemed true . Now it seems like a vanished era . Today , nothing changes anything . No matter what happens , our thinking remains frozen exactly in place , impervious to new experience and new evidence . On December 14 of last year , a deranged man fatally shot and killed 20 students and six teachers with an assault-style rifle , the second deadliest mass shooting in American history . In response , the country has done ... nothing whatsoever . No changes to gun laws . No changes in the treatment of the mentally ill . Last week , a Senate filibuster stopped the milk-and-water Toomey-Manchin proposal to tighten  slightly  background checks on would-be gun purchasers . Early in 2013 , Mike Lupica of the New York Daily News reported Adam Lanza 's obsessive fascination with prior mass murders . " -LSB- I -RSB- nvestigators found ... a chilling spreadsheet 7 feet long and 4 feet wide that required a special printer , a document that contained Lanza 's obsessive , extensive research  $ " in nine-point font  $ " about mass murders of the past , and even attempted murders . But it was n't just a spreadsheet . It was a score sheet . ` We were told  Lanza  had around 500 people on this sheet , ' a law enforcement veteran told me Saturday night . ` Names and the number of people killed and the weapons that were used , even the precise make and model of the weapons . It had to have taken years . It sounded like a doctoral thesis , that was the quality of the research . ' " The next would-be mass murderer can take up Lanza 's obsession from where he left off , with not a single new barrier in his way . Virginia Tech  the deadiest school shooting in U.S. history back in 2007  made no difference . The Aurora movie theater mass murder made no difference . The attack on former Rep. Gabby Giffords made no difference . Nothing changes anything . It 's not just guns . With economics too , nothing changes anything . Over four years , policymakers in Europe and the United States have argued about public debt . In a recession , should government run deficits to substitute for weakened consumer demand ? Or should they cut spending to balance their budgets , accepting pain now to avoid even greater pain later ? Republicans in the United States and the German government in Europe have argued for the second option . Advocates of austerity cited a powerful study by two acclaimed economists , Carmen Reinhart and Kenneth Rogoff . The Reinhart-Rogoff study demonstrated  or appeared to demonstrate  that once public debt climbed past 90 % of GDP , a country 's future growth slowed , putting at risk the entire next generation . Then , last week , a 28-year-old graduate student demonstrated that the Rogoff-Reinhart study contained a basic spreadsheet error . Correct the arithmetic , and you found that the connection between public debt and future growth was almost perfectly random : sometimes high-debt countries grew ; sometimes they did n't ; it all depended on other factors . The most important piece of advice in favor of the "  cut now " school of thought collapsed into rubble . And the result ? Nothing , barely even a word of acknowledgment from the people who 'd been citing the study and condemning people to the harmful effects of austerity for the past four years . Nothing changes anything . On this site a few days ago , CNN contributor Ruben Navarrette expressed worry that the Boston bombing , allegedly by two alienated young immigrants , might harm the prospects for the Senate immigration deal . He need n't fret . Nothing changes anything . The Fort Hood massacre changed nothing . The Time Square bombing attempt changed nothing . The presence of so many of the 9/11 hijackers on overstayed visas has changed nothing : there is still no mechanism for confirming that persons who enter on visas depart on time . Why would one expect Boston to change anything . ? The immigration debate has been resisting new information for years , not only in the traumatic and of course rare instances of terrorist acts by immigrants and their children , but even more in labor economics . Much thinking about immigration remains shaped by statistics from 30 and 40 years ago , when immigrants arrived with higher levels of education than natives and equaled native wages within a decade . We do n't need horrifying acts of violence to prove that the United States is choosing its immigrants unwisely . Until 1970 , immigrants to the United States were better educated than natives . Immigrants who arrived before 1970 took a decade or so to adjust , but then earned more than natives . Since 1970 , however , the skill levels of immigrants to the United States has sharply deteriorated . Relying on data from the 2010 Census , the Center of Immigration Studies observes : -- 23 % of all immigrants and their U.S.-born children live in poverty , almost double the rate for U.S. natives ; -- Immigrants and their children accounted for one-fourth of all persons living in poverty ; -- Immigrant-headed households are 50 % more likely than the native-born to use at least one welfare assistance program , such as food stamps or Medicaid . Yet even so , the president and the Senate 's "  Gang of Eight " insist : the United States must continue to keep its doors open to the least skilled and ought to actually increase its total immigration intake , as well as granting legal status and eventually citizenship to the present illegal population . Nothing changes anything . You might almost call it a testament to human fortitude , if the results were not so perverse and the outcomes so costly . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum : After the terror attacks of 9/11 , people said they "  changed everything " He says today 's frozen politics means that the Boston bombings wo n't change things He says even the Newtown killings did n't shift politics enough to widen gun control Frum : Advocates of fiscal austerity are n't admitting their policies are faulty
CNN  -- Summer is the best time for outdoor musical festivals and blasting music with all the windows open . We 've done the legwork for you , and compiled what should be some of the best albums of the season , and the most tent-worthy festivals , organized by region . Find the ear candy that suits your taste best , and get busy listening : ALBUMS Queens of the Stone Age , " ... Like Clockwork , " due June 4 The band 's sixth album , a follow-up to "  Era Vulgaris , " welcomes founding bassist Nick Oliveri back into the band , and includes guest spots by Dave Grohl , Elton John , Trent Reznor , Mark Lanegan , Brody Dalle and Jake Shears , among others . It 's one of the first meaty rock records of the summer and can be heard here . The Lonely Island , "  The Wack Album , " due June 11 An anecdote to the oh-so-earnest music out there , Andy Samberg , Jorma Taccone and Akiva Schaffer are back with the hilarity , with help from friends Solange , Maya Rudolph , T-Pain , Adam Levine , Lady Gaga , Justin Timberlake , Pharrell Williams and more . "  Semicolon " is a twisted update of "  Schoolhouse Rock , " while "  Spring Break Anthem " takes bromance to its logical conclusion . Kanye West , "  Yeezus , " due June 18 His follow-up to "  My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy " is supposed to be a game-changer -- and we hope that does n't mean too many Kim Kardashian songs such as "  Baby You 're Awesome , " which he played at the Met Ball and the Adult Swim upfront . A sneak peek of tracks "  Black Skinhead " and "  New Slaves " on "  Saturday Night Live " suggest that he 's been listening to a lot of DMX , while his collaborators include Daft Punk , Skrillex , John Legend , members of Odd Future , No I.D. , Pusha T and Chief Keef . Potential tracks "  I Am a God " and "  I Am Not a Celebrity " also suggest ` Ye is n't leaving his ego at the door . The 20 best summer 2013 movies Sigur R  s , "  Kveikur , " due June 18 Now that multi-instrumentalist Kjartan Sveinsson 's left to go compose elsewhere , the Icelandic band 's sound has transformed from ambient music/dream-rock to something harder and darker , as indicated by first-released tracks "  Brennisteinn " and "  Isjaki , " which venture further into prog-metal . Do n't worry , the gorgeous falsettos are still intact . MGMT , "  MGMT , " June TBA The duo 's synth-heavy follow-up to "  Congratulations " features influences by Aphex Twin and house music and was recorded with longtime Flaming Lips producer Dave Fridmann , which only can mean one thing -- expect it to be trippy . The first sneak peek track , "  Alien Days , " was released on cassette for Record Store Day last month . The album is expected to include a version of Faine Jade 's garage rocker "  Introspection " as well as new track "  Mystery Disease . " What 's new this summer on TV ? Wu-Tang Clan , "  A Better Tomorrow , " July TBA For the 20th anniversary of "  Enter the Wu-Tang  36 Chambers  , " the Staten Island hip-hop group has a new and possibly final album , named after their 1997 track , "  A Better Tomorrow . " RZA told The New York Times that the group has one last mission : "  We need to , one time , completely , efficiently , properly represent our brand , " while Ghostface Killah told the Guardian , "  We got verses and s -- , but you got ta make sure it 's right . Do n't rush it . " Take your time . M.I.A. , "  Mitangi , " summer TBA The full album was supposed to be out in April , but the Sri Lankan rapper gave us a taste of her new music  outside of last year 's "  Bad Girls "  during Paris Fashion Week for the runway show of the Japanese brand Kenzo . Advance word on "  Mitangi " was that it was more upbeat than usual  "  Come Walk With Me "  , but leaked track "  AtTENTion " is a bit darker : "  My existence is militant . " M.I.A. has said on Twitter that there are "  no collabs " on this album , although she worked with producers Hit-Boy and So Japan , whose Kyle Edwards told MTV the album has "  a lot more bounce to it . " Beyonce , "  Mrs. Carter , " summer TBA Queen B has treated us to a few tracks so far from her fifth studio album -- "  Grown Woman , " "  Standing on the Sun , " "  Bow Down/I Been On " -- so we know she 's working on it . The only question is how much remains to be done before release , since she 's currently on tour . Speaking of which ... FESTIVALS Sure , most of your favorite artists are on tour this summer -- from Beyonce to Jay-Z and Justin Timberlake to Taylor Swift -- but you 'll get more bang for your buck if you check out one of the many music festivals around the country . You might even discover a new fave artist while you 're there : West Coast If you 're on the West Cost  or thereabouts  , you might want to go to Bumbershoot in Seattle August 31-September 2  Labor Day weekend  . The lineup at Bumbershoot includes fun. , Death Cab for Cutie , MGMT , Bob Mould , The Breeders , Matt & Kim and Heart . Death Cab for Cutie plans to play the 2003 album "  Transatlanticism " in its entirety .  You know , the one from which Seth had the poster on his wall in "  The O.C. "  Also , the Experience Music Project will host an electronic dance music stage . Those farther south on the coast might want to hit up Outside Lands in San Francisco August 9-11 which will include Red Hot Chili Peppers , Yeah Yeah Yeahs , Vampire Weekend and Willie Nelson . Midwest If you 're in the Midwest  or thereabouts  , Lollapalooza in Chicago 's Grant Park should be your destination August 2-4 . The lineup includes Phoenix , Lana Del Rey , Queens of the Stone Age , The Cure , The Killers , The National , The Postal Service , Nine Inch Nails , Grizzly Bear and Ellie Goulding , plus plenty more . Granted , it 's not the same as when Lollapalooza actually toured the country , but this is great for one-stop shopping to fulfill your summer music needs . Also in the Midwest , Kanrockas in Kansas City , Kansas , June 28-29 -- with Kendrick Lamar , Passion Pit , Pretty Lights , Tiesto and the Yeah Yeah Yeahs . East Coast Folks on the East Coast should try their luck at the Governor 's Ball in New York June 7-9 , which Kanye West is headlining  Guns N ' Roses are slated to make an appearance , but you never know with Axl Rose  . Also on the bill are the Lumineers , Kendrick Lamar and Kings of Leon . A little farther away from the Big Apple is the sure-to-be-eventful Hot 97 Summer Jam on June 2 in East Rutherford , New Jersey , which includes more Kendrick Lamar , plus A$ AP Rocky , Wu-Tang Clan , Fabolous , Wale and Miguel . The Firefly Music Festival in Dover , Delaware , June 21-23 offers the Alabama Shakes , Tom Petty , Red Hot Chili Peppers and Vampire Weekend , while the Budweiser Made in America fest in Philadelphia August 31-September 1 has Beyonce leading a lineup curated by her hubby Jay-Z : Public Enemy , Phoenix , Emeli Sande , Deadmau5 , Wiz Khalifa , Nine Inch Nails , Queens of the Stone Age and Macklemore & Ryan Lewis .  If Hova 's doc "  Jay-Z : Made in America " is released first , watch it to get amped  . The South Down South , big festivals await . Bonnaroo in Manchester , Tennessee , June 13-16 has an eclectic lineup this year , with seasoned vets  Paul McCartney , Tom Petty & the Heartbreakers , David Byrne  facing off against typical festival fare  Mumford & Sons , Wilco , The Lumineers  and some beyond the norm choices  Bj  rk , R. Kelly , Wu-Tang Clan  . And then there 's the comedy lineup , featuring David Cross  in case you did n't get enough of him in the new season of "  Arrested Development "  , Ed Helms  ditto for "  The Hangover III "  , and Bob Saget , who will probably work blue . Meanwhile , the Essence Music Festival in New Orleans July 4 weekend will cool off with Jill Scott , Keyshia Cole , LL Cool J , Maxwell , Brandy and who else -- Beyonce . Does that mean we 'll have to wait a little longer for her new album ? We 've got all summer .	There are some promising albums and music festivals on the horizon Releases are expected from everyone from Beyonce to Wu-Tang Clan Festivals rockin ' the USA : From Bumbershoot in the West to Bonnaroo in the South
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- Police Wednesday arrested the suspected head of an Italian mafia murder squad following a two-day manhunt after he eluded police by crawling through sewer pipes , according to Italian media reports . Italian police examine a sewer that may have offered an escape route for a suspected mafia boss . Giuseppe Setola , 38 , was arrested near Caserta north of Naples , according to Italy 's state-run ANSA news agency and reports in the La Repubblica and Corriere Della Sera newspapers . "  This is a great moment for the  Italian  state , " Naples anti-Mafia prosecutor Franco Roberti told ANSA after Setola 's arrest . "  We were certain  Setola  was in a situation of great difficulty . We promised all the citizens that he would be caught . We have kept that promise . " Setola is believed to have slipped into a tunnel built under his hideout near Naples on Monday , as police closed in on him , according to the reports . That tunnel connects to the sewer system in Caserta . Corriere published photos of anti-mafia police searching through what was described as Setola 's trash-strewn bunker and the tunnel . Anti-mafia police have been searching for Setola for months , and had already arrested his wife and two suspected members of his crew , according to the reports . Monday was the third time he avoided arrest . Setola is allegedly the head of a killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan which belongs to the Neapolitan mafia known as Camorra . He got out of jail last spring after a doctor ruled that he was legally blind . Prosecutors have opened an investigation into that ruling . Corriere published a photo of Setola wearing sunglasses with his left eye bandaged . The Casalesi clan is featured in the best-selling book "  Gomorrah " -- a play on the word "  Camorra " -- written by Roberto Saviano who now lives under constant police protection . Saviano recently said he may have to leave Italy to escape constant death threats from the mafia and its supporters . Police began cracking down on Setola and his colleagues after the murder of six West African immigrants in the nearby town of Castel Volturno in September . After those killings , the Italian government activated the army to help bolster efforts against the Casalesi clan , which is believed to have killed more than 20 people since May . The two suspected members of his squad have given police information about his movements . In November , police arrested an Italian police officer suspected of informing Setola about police operations .	Italian mafia suspect arrested after escape through sewer pipes Setola is allegedly head of killing team run by the powerful Casalesi clan Tunnel found connecting to sewer system in the nearby town of Caserta
EW.com  -- More than any year in recent memory , the survival of shows this season did not hinge on ratings . You had Fox 's "  Fringe " getting renewed for a final GTFO season with only 4.2 million viewers and slight 1.6 average rating . Then you had "  Terra Nova " getting axed with 10.8 million viewers and a 3.6 rating . The biggest mitigating factor was a show 's cost -- which usually rises along with its age -- along with the difficulty of a time period , who owns the program , how intensely critics and fans feel about the series and , believe it or not , whether a network 's executives like the show . Here are the top nine highest-rated canceled shows this season : 1 . "  Rob "  CBS : 12 million viewers , 3.7 adults 18-49 rating  : A 3.7 ? If NBC had a freshman comedy with a 3.7 average , it would run the show five nights a week this fall  "  Community " was renewed with almost half this rating  . Bully for CBS that their table scraps have these kind of numbers . The issue here was Rob Schneider 's comedy was shedding too much of its massive "  Big Bang Theory " lead-in , and was trending the wrong direction . CBS suspects the time slot can do better . 2 . "  Terra Nova "  Fox : 10.1 million , 3.6  : Some in the industry feel Fox made a mistake not picking up this ambitious drama for a second season . I agree . "  Terra Nova " managed the rare feat of delivering a sizable family audience to a broadcast drama , found its legs creatively in its final hours and there was nothing else like it on TV . Cost was a factor , but so was the network 's belief that midseason addition "  Touch " would be the network 's next big hit  it was n't  . 3 . "  Alcatraz "  Fox : 9.6 million , 3.4  : The ratings on "  Alcatraz " keep sinking while the show , unlike other J.J. Abrams-produced dramas , was n't hugely engaging for viewers . A second season would have likely seen a ratings drop into serious red-line territory . 4 . & 5 . "  House " / "  Desperate Housewives "  Fox : 8.7 million , 3.3 / ABC 10.4 million , 3.5  : I almost did n't put these two on the list because their conclusions were more like dignified retirements than cancellations . Both respected long-serving solid veterans of the broadcast game whose cost/benefit scale finally tipped . Both were given time to craft series-ending storylines . Still , some dramas do manage to last longer , like "  Miami " below . 6 . "  How to Be a Gentleman "  CBS : 8.7 million , 2.8  : Short-lived . Critics did n't like it , and it did n't pull its weight . 7 . "  GCB "  ABC : 7.4 million , 2.6  : Diving in the ratings , and ABC has several similarly soapy dramas like "  Nashville " and "  Mistresses " ordered for next season  ABC 's new trailers here  that could improve on these numbers . 8 . "  CSI : Miami "  CBS : 10.8 million , 2.5  : Viewers do n't really crave and holler for a real ending on procedural crime dramas like they do for serialized shows like "  Fringe . " Personally , if I watched any TV show for a decade , I 'd want a final episode that gave a sense of resolution , some acknowledgement that a story is being told and not just a perpetual weekly reset . So I 'm bummed on behalf of those "  Miami " fans who expected a true series finale . Hopefully CBS wo n't shortchange flagship "  CSI " or "  The Mentalist " when their time comes .  And , yes , "  Miami " cut for age/expense/ratings ; "  CSI : NY " is slightly younger , and helping hold the fort on tough Friday night  . 9 . "  Unforgettable "  CBS : 12 million , 2.5  : Maybe it was the title . Maybe the somewhat generic format . But this series was one of the most , well , forgettable on TV . Its ratings were n't terrible , but few viewers seemed terribly upset when it was axed . See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Rob Schneider 's "  Rob " was shedding too much of its massive "  Big Bang Theory " lead-in on CBS "  House " and "  Desperate Housewives " were given time to craft series-ending storylines "  Unforgettable "  CBS : 12 million , 2.5  was one of the most forgettable on TV
CNN  -- Pundit Glenn Reynolds recently wrote : "  So as I understand it , Atticus Finch is now the bad guy in "  To Kill A Mockingbird , " because he doubted a story about rape . " How right he was . A story with a rape allegation carries an immediate electric charge . In Jim Crow 's South , lynchings often came with a story of the victim having raped a white girl . With the energy of such a story , it was n't too hard to whip up a fury strong enough to leave a man hanging from a tree . The "  rape propaganda " was necessary to garner the emotions necessary to press the real , dark , agenda . Al Sharpton took a page out of the old South 's playbook and brought us Tawana Brawley , who accused six white men of raping her . The story of white on black crime resonated , and it helped to promote a social justice agenda , but Tawana Brawley was no more a rape victim than two white women in Scottsboro , Alabama , who falsely accused nine black teenagers more than 80 years ago . What do these stories have in common ? Someone had an agenda , and they knew that a rape story would put it on a rocket powered toboggan . And , therein lies the origin of today 's "  rape culture " frenzy . This is not to say that there are not unreported and unprosecuted sexual assaults . I have dear friends who suffered such injustice , and I believe their stories with every drop of blood in my body . I 'll bet that nearly everyone knows someone who has a verifiably true story . But , is that really "  rape culture ? " What does that silly phrase mean ? It means the same thing as Jim Crow stories of rape meant . It means the same thing that Tawana Brawley meant . It means that someone has an agenda , and they want to harness the emotional power of rape to promote it . Which brings us to the University of Virginia . When Sabrina Erdely 's Rolling Stone story about a gang rape in a UVA frat house hit the presses , it went viral . Why ? It was like a horror movie . I 'll admit that when I read it , my own prejudices rose up , and I believed "  Jackie "  the victim in the story  . I thought of my friends who had been harmed and could n't even begin to doubt that "  Jackie " was telling the truth . Why would n't I believe her ? The antagonists were a bunch of over-privileged white fraternity jerks from UVA , it seemed . The victim was yet another young woman who had had justice withheld . The story confirmed what I wanted to believe : that the elite run roughshod over the rest of us . It proved so much , and I "  knew " which side was right . And it confirmed the bias of left-wing academics who have collectively decided that the "  war on boys " must have more victims , because everything with a penis is a rapist . As the story burned , cries of "  rape culture " started to sound less like fairy tales and more like factual reports . All of a sudden , embattled sexual harassment policies on college campuses started to look good , perhaps unquestionable . These policies that have been attacked by those who still believe in that quaint notion known as due process , and the tide started to turn . The Boston Globe recently ran the story of Patrick Whitt , who found himself falsely accused , and immediately judged guilty by mere suspicion . But then we had Jackie . Rape culture was real , after all ! And then someone dared to question the story . Even I was aghast . How could he ? This account was not published in some rag -- this was Rolling Stone , a publication of editorial ethics . Some schools of feminist thought consider questioning a victim to be utterly taboo . If she said it , then it must be true . Such is the mentality of those who would lynch Atticus Finch , or at least call for his disbarment , if he were practicing in modern day America . "  Jackie " may not be Mayella Ewell , "  Mockingbird 's " faux victim . I was n't there in that UVA frat house . But Jackie supposedly was . Nevertheless , the "  journalist " who brought us the story has now been revealed to have been , at least , lazy and willfully blind to the holes in Jackie 's story . She claims that she never asked the men in the story for their account of events because of an agreement with Jackie . And therein lie so many problems . This is the kind of "  believe the victim " mentality that is so darkly infecting academia . "  Presumed guilty " is the new standard . Patrick Whitt is the new Tom Robinson , the black man accused of the rape in "  To Kill a Mockingbird . " Due process loses , ethics are out the window , because there is an agenda , and it needs the fuel of a rape story . And who loses ? The casualty list is still being compiled . Terrible journalism or not , maybe Jackie was telling the truth . Maybe she was lying . If she was lying , the UVA Greek system already paid a terrible price . If she was telling the truth , she wo n't ever be believed now . Why ? Because Sabrina Erdely was so utterly void of journalistic ethics that she committed "  journalistic malpractice . " Because now , nobody will believe Jackie . And after Erdely 's lazy journalism , the next girl who reports a rape might find it to be that much more difficult to get to justice . I do n't know what Erdely 's agenda was , but it was n't responsible journalism . Responsible journalism is hard . It is n't public relations . A responsible journalist digs for the truth , she does n't just take her subject 's agenda and run with it . That is n't journalism , that 's "  gossip , " and like all gossip , it does n't do anything positive for anyone .	Randazza : A story with a rape allegation carries an electric charge "  Rape culture " means using emotional power of rape to promote an agenda , he says UVA gang rape allegations confirmed what he wanted to believe , Randazza says Randazza : Due process loses , ethics are out the window , because there is an agenda
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Afghan forces came under fire Tuesday during a funeral for victims of a weekend rampage blamed on a U.S. soldier , while protesters angered by the killings blocked a major highway in the country 's southeast . The U.S. military says the Army sergeant blamed for the killings acted alone . Two senior military officials told CNN that images from security cameras around his outpost showed the suspect leaving the base alone and returning alone . In Washington , U.S. President Barack Obama said American officials were "  heartbroken " by the deaths but have no plans to change course in the decade-old war in Afghanistan . Sunday 's predawn rampage , which left nine children , three women and four men dead in two villages in rural Kandahar province , has added to the strain between Washington and Kabul . Afghan President Hamid Karzai said Tuesday that the killings "  caused great pain for the people of Afghanistan , " Taliban insurgents have vowed to avenge the killings , and gunshots and grenades echoed in the distance as the victims were buried Tuesday . "  While we were in the village of Alokozai for a funeral , praying for a martyr killed in the massacre , we heard close-range , small-arms fire , followed by two rocket-propelled grenades , " said Haji Agha Lali , a member of the Kandahar provincial council . "  According to my information , two to three Afghan security forces have been injured . " Lali said high-level Afghan officials , including Karzai 's brother , a minister and a deputy minister , were attending the funeral when the attacks took place . The targets appeared to be Afghan investigators collecting evidence in the neighboring village of Najibian , where the remaining victims died . The Taliban have battled U.S. and NATO troops , as well as Afghan government forces , since the 2001 invasion after the September 11 attacks on New York and Washington . After Sunday 's killings , they described U.S. troops as "  sick-minded American savages . " In a new statement Tuesday , they said they would take revenge "  by killing and beheading Americans anywhere in the country . " A protest in Jalalabad , near the border with Pakistan , drew hundreds of people Tuesday , with demonstrators blocking the highway to Kabul , provincial government spokesman Ahmad Zaii Abdulzai said . The highway was reopened later Tuesday . The still-unidentified soldier blamed for the attack has yet to be charged . He turned himself in to his fellow Americans after the killings and could face the death penalty , Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said . Afghanistan 's parliament has demanded a public trial for the suspect , but U.S. officials said they will handle the investigation and prosecution themselves . Gen. John Allen , the commander of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , said Monday that the suspect is believed to have acted "  as an individual . " He has invoked his right to remain silent and was not cooperating with investigators , U.S. and ISAF officials have told CNN on condition of anonymity . The officials have described the suspect as a staff sergeant from an infantry unit assigned to support Special Forces troops in Kandahar province , the Taliban heartland and a leading focus of the U.S.-led counterinsurgency strategy in Afghanistan . Military authorities have presented a determination of probable cause to allow them to keep the sergeant in detention , an ISAF offficial told CNN . Tuesday , two senior military officials told CNN that security cameras monitoring the perimeter of the outpost showed the sergeant leaving the outpost alone and returning alone . Investigators are looking into whether alcohol may have been a factor in the attack , though toxicology tests on the suspect were not complete , the officials said . Alcohol was found on the outpost in the area where the suspect was housed , but it was not clear whether it belonged to the sergeant , one of the officials said . Speaking at the White House , Obama said he has told Karzai that the United States "  takes this as seriously as if it was our own citizens and our own children who were murdered . " "  The killing of innocent civilians is outrageous and it 's unacceptable . It 's not who we are as a country and it does not represent our military , " he said . A U.S. military investigation "  will follow the facts wherever they lead us , and we will make sure that anybody who was involved is held fully accountable with the full force of the law , " he added . Allied combat troops are scheduled to leave Afghanistan by 2014 , and Obama said the number will be reduced by more than 30,000 by summer 's end , matching the number of Americans he sent in after taking office . "  There 's no question that we face a difficult challenge in Afghanistan , but I 'm confident that we can continue the work of meeting our objectives , protecting our country and responsibly bringing this war to a close , " he said . Mark Jacobson , a former official with the NATO command in Kabul , said the reaction to Sunday 's massacre may not force a shift in allied strategy , but could cause "  an increase to the pace of transition . " But the demonstrations have been muted compared with the deadly riots that followed the disclosure that American troops had burned copies of the Quran -- mistakenly , their commanders said . "  Not to be callous in any way , but the Afghans are in some ways used to the civilian casualty incidents and tend to respond to it in a more reserved manner than something that seems to be a direct and personal affront to their religion and culture , " Jacobson said . In other incidents adding to the strain on U.S.-Afghan relations , U.S. commanders condemned a video of a squad of Marines urinating on bodies in January , and several soldiers -- from Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state , like the suspect in Sunday 's shooting -- were charged with taking part in a rogue "  kill squad . " As he set out Monday for a trip to the region , Panetta said the United States and its NATO allies "  seem to get tested almost every other day . " But , he added , "  It is important that , all of us , United States , Afghanistan , the  NATO-led  forces all stick to the strategy that we 've laid out . " "  War is hell , " he said . "  These kind of events and incidents are going to take place . They 've taken place in any war . They 're terrible events . This is not the first of those events , and they probably wo n't be the last . " The suspect in the attack served three tours of duty in Iraq before being deployed to Afghanistan , Allen said . During the suspect 's last deployment , in 2010 , he was riding in a vehicle that rolled over in a wreck , according to a senior Defense Department official , who also spoke on condition of anonymity . After the wreck , the sergeant was diagnosed with traumatic brain injury but was treated and then found fit for duty , the official said . CNN 's Chris Lawrence , Barbara Starr , Jethro Mullen and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	Security cameras show the suspect leaving and returning alone , officials say "  The killing of innocent civilians is outrageous , " Obama says An Afghan official at a funeral for a shooting victim hears gunfire The Taliban say the deaths will be avenged by "  beheading " Americans
CNN  -- Shana Verstegen started logrolling when she was 7 . Her parents signed her up for a class at the local YMCA in Madison , Wisconsin , and she loved everything about it : the battle of strength , balance and agility between two opponents trying to stay on a log in the middle of a lake . "  It sounds absolutely silly , but it 's a serious sport , " Verstegen says . Serious enough to make her a six-time world lumberjack champion -- and give her a serious six-pack . Verstegen became a professional "  lumberjill " when she was 17 , and has spent the last decade and a half traveling the world , competing in lumberjack competitions . Next up is the Lumberjack World Championships in Hayward , Wisconsin , this week . She 'll be competing in the logrolling and boom run events . In logrolling , two lumberjacks fight to roll their opponent off a log that is 12 to 14 inches in diameter  depending on the competition  . Evenly matched pairs can stay on for more than seven minutes , Verstegen says . "  You need every single muscle in your body ... if you get tired your technique goes out the door , " she says . "  One little misstep and its over . " In the boom run , competitors race across logs chained together on the water . You 're allowed two falls in the timed event . It 's one of the more dangerous lumberjack sports . Logrolling , Verstegen says , is one of the safest . There are programs dedicated to the sport across Wisconsin , and in other states such as Minnesota , Michigan and Oregon . Verstegen coaches hundreds of children each year . "  The kids  do n't realize they 're exercising , they 're having so much fun , " she says . "  And they 're doing something totally unique . " It 's a way for Verstegen to give back . Her mother was diagnosed with Huntington 's Disease , a degenerative brain disorder , when Verstegen was 5 years old . Her parents wanted to keep life as normal as possible , so they told her to pick a few sports from a YMCA catalog . Logrolling became Verstegen 's escape from being a caregiver . "  I was allowed two to three hours every day after school to just do sports and to be myself and to not think about my mom 's sickness , " she says . "  It was never ever about winning . It was that time to go there , to be with my friends , to be stupid , to get yelled at by my coach . ... That kept me going through all those tough years . " During competition season , Verstegen is on the water nearly every day . She also does resistance training several times a week and hill sprints to increase her endurance and speed . She sticks to lean meats , produce and good carbohydrates to stay energized . Verstegen knows not every child will fall in love with lumberjack sports like she did . The key to fighting childhood obesity , she says , is to find something that inspires them , whether it 's logrolling , rock climbing or ballet . "  When they see fitness they immediately think  of  lifting weights , running marathons -- doing things they do n't enjoy . But the options are endless . "	Shana Verstegen is a lumberjack champion and ACE-certified personal trainer Verstegen competes in the logrolling and boom run events "  It sounds absolutely silly , but it 's a serious sport , " Verstegen says
CNN  -- FACETIME : EXCLUSIVE Ali Al-Naimi , Saudi Arabia Oil Minister Saudi Arabia is keeping a close eye on ongoing tensions with Iran . Iran has said it will halt shipping in the Strait of Hormuz if new sanctions are imposed over its nuclear program . In an exclusive interview , MME sat down with Ali Al-Naimi , the Saudi Arabian Minister of Oil and asked him if the Kingdom can make up for any loss in oil production if sanctions are placed on Iran . IN FOCUS : Turning Green The Middle East sits on 54.4 % of the world 's proven oil reserves . But while the region is flushed with the black gold , many are looking into alternative sources of energy . MME was at the World Future Energy Summit in the United Arab Emirates capital , Abu Dhabi , to find out what industry leaders are doing to promote greener energy . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1645 , Fridays : 0945 , Saturdays : 0715 , Sundays : 0615 , 1645	Saudi Arabia is watching the ongoing tensions with Iran closely Ali al-Naimi , the Saudi Arabian Minister of Oil on how the kingdom will react to sanctions Plus , how Middle Eastern leaders are promoting green energy
Niger  CNN  -- Dark shadows were lifting themselves off the sidewalk , slowly stretching , shaking the slumber from their limbs . It was 6:15 a.m. in Niger 's capital , Niamey , and I was setting off on a 12-hour drive , leaving its lush boulevards for Agadez , the sands of the Sahara , the desert trails to Libya , and the chaos Moammar Gadhafi 's war there is causing . The sun had yet to raise itself over the roofs but already the first hints of day were breaking the sleep of the destitute at the roadside . I have seen poverty before , but even shrouded in the predawn gray , there is no mistaking it : People with little of anything save a public place to lay their heads . Despite tough lives , the people here are warm , welcoming and hospitable . "  Bonjour , " they say , hinting at their recent French colonial past . It seems to have overlaid , in part at least , their far earlier conversion to Islam . "  As-Salaamu Aleikum , " the Arabic greeting , is rarely used . Long French loaves -- not Arabic flatbread -- are on sale at tiny stalls . We 've already passed through the checkpoint on the outskirts of the capital before the countryside begins to take shape . Gendarmes in what look like fading French military fatigues checked the car 's documents and a man in orange overalls took a few dollars ' road toll for the 950 kilometers , or 600 miles , we will drive . The rope blocking our way across the road was dropped and we were released onto a strangely empty highway . Slowly the countryside began to show is colors . Gray shaded to blue , to a dark olive green . Then in an instant the sun smothers everything , washing away the stains of the night . Our journey lurches into gear , no longer feeling like we 're sluggishly passing anonymous vegetation . Our momentum , at least in our minds , increases as we streak past the newly revealed rich green towering maize , the thickly leaved luxuriant trees . This land is green and fertile . Everything is vibrant in a way Timothy Leary could truly appreciate . In the villages , strange , bulging , round mud buildings - like an oversize , slightly squashed rugby ball - mingle with mud and straw shacks . They have no door , only a scant straw roof : grain stores hinting at the bounty of the land . Village after village , we pass them . The more there are , the bigger they are , the more grain is held and the more prosperous the people who own them . Lest this give an illusion of wealth , consider this : Most children we see are barefoot , and that 's almost half Niger 's people . Within a few hours of leaving the capital , none of the villages have electricity , running water , sanitation , a building that 's not made out of mud and straw . The slightly larger towns have slightly more . But that 's all . The farther we go , the villages become fewer and farther between . The muddy ponds , courtesy of the recent rains , shrink , and the striking longhorn cattle and goats jostle for a place to slake their thirst . The tarmac on the highway begins to break apart . We slam into potholes , lurching , juddering forward . The bright greens are gone , the vegetation paler and browner here . The great trees have shrunk to tiny shrubs . We are still 200 miles from Agadez . Grass covers some of the land , the grain huts are long gone , and quickly so is the road . We are no longer dodging potholes , we are driving in one big long one . The cell phone service that has surprisingly kept us company so much of the journey has also disappeared . In over a hundred miles , we pass but two tiny towns . This is what it means to be remote , where the land and sun are so unforgiving none can live , and this is where the bonds that tie a nation together begin to fray . The crowds that gathered about the car with rounded faces we saw in the morning have by afternoon given way to the thinner , lighter features of the Touareg . Those features are often hard to see , shrouded as they are by turbans that wrap around the face . By instinct , by life , by tradition , they are desert mountain people . Twice in the past two decades , they 've risen up in armed rebellion against the government . Some joined Gadhafi 's forces over the border in Libya . The government in Niamey worries Libya 's war will create instability in Niger . Officials publicly say they fear Gadhafi 's weapon stockpiles could be falling into al Qaeda 's hands . Privately there 's another fear , that the newly liberated guns could one day be turned on the government in another Touareg rebellion . But for now a Touareg rebellion seems the more distant possibility , because al Qaeda in the Islamic Maghreb is exploiting the Arab spring and every crumb of opportunity that might fall unnoticed from the battlefield . Their drug - , gun - and people-smuggling routes through the sparsely populated land we are crossing are hungry for the sustenance turmoil can bring . The more confusion and chaos there is , the easier it is to keep their networks hidden . It is these last few miles to Agadez that worry us the most . Al Qaeda has kidnapped several foreigners in this remote region in the past few years . We do n't want to be unlucky names added to the list . While our driver is holding up well , almost 12 hours at the wheel , our fuel light has been on for a while . We 've been running on reserve . He stops to top up the tank from a solitary liter bottle of fuel we purchased earlier in the day . There have been no milestones for a while and the sun is edging down to the dirt of the desert . We 're hoping Agadez will soon come into view . How far can a four-wheel-drive off-road truck go on a liter of gas ? Then we see a red-topped stone marker come into view . It reads 30 kilometers , 20 or so miles , to go . And not a soul around . We 're racing the sun , our dwindling fuel and our fears . Each bend in the road I hope will be our last . Can the red light on the fuel gauge be any brighter ? Probably not ; it 's a trick of the fading light easily worked on tense , tired eyes . Then , as if by clockwork , almost exactly 12 hours after we left Niamey , Agadez slips into view - low , dusty , dilapidated , but a delight to see . Uniformed gendarmes and a man in orange overalls greet us at the checkpoint , lower the rope and wave , their job for the day almost done ; there can be few more drivers behind us . The litter-strewn streets are cluttered with vendors packing up their shabby wares . Dust and smoke cloud the air , making it hard to see much of this town . With better light tomorrow we 'll get a good look at this place where Gadhafi is rumored to have spent millions paving roads , putting up lights , even building a hospital . A few hours later as I settle in to my bed , I can only wonder at the irony . Gadhafi is out there somewhere on the run , and I 'll be getting a good night 's sleep in the Agadez hotel he built .	Niger 's goverment worries Libya 's war will destabilize the country Al Qaeda has kidnapped several foreigners outside Agadez in recent years Moammar Gadhafi is rumored to have spent millions on Niger 's infrastructure
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . Job seekers need to be ready to deal with the perception that they are overqualified . Sherry Shealy Martschink , 57 , is a former state legislator , state senator and worker 's compensation commissioner for South Carolina . She 's a recent law school graduate and has experience in journalism , marketing and education . For the past few years during her job search , she 's been told -- in not so many words -- that she 's overqualified . "  Sometimes the opposition is in the tone of voice rather than the actual wording of the questions and comments , " Martschink said . "  An employer may say something like , ` We are hoping to find someone who will make a career here ' or ` Why would you want this job after doing such-and-such ? ' Another type of question has to do with whether I could be a team player after being in such leadership positions . " How does Martschink respond to such opposition ? Plain and simple : "  If I were n't willing to do the work , I would n't be applying for the job , " she said . Geoff Tucker , who has a college degree and six years experience in his field , has faced opposition more than once during his job search . In one interview , the hiring manager started with , "  We both know you 're overqualified , " and went on to say she wanted to do a "  gut check " to determine if Tucker would be OK with the tasks he 'd be handing . "  In other words , she wanted to see if I was OK with being versatile to the point of helping clean around the office and refill the toilet paper in the bathroom , " Tucker said . "  I affirmed that I do not have an issue with doing tasks that maybe I have n't had to do in a while . I am not that egocentric and I do n't regard these tasks as below me . " Many job seekers wonder how being qualified can be a bad thing , but it 's a Catch 22 that many job seekers face today . They ca n't get hired for positions relevant to their experience so they apply for jobs at lower levels . The problem is that they ca n't get hired for those positions , either , because they 're overqualified . "  Employers are in the cat-bird seat , " said Kathryn Sollman , co-founder and managing partner of the Women at Work Network . "  The high volume of job seekers makes it possible for employers to hold out for their ideal candidates . You 're not an ideal candidate if you have held a more senior position in the past ; employers assume you will leave as soon as you find something at your normal level . " What 's the deal ? Assuming you 'll jump ship when the economy turns around is only one of the many objections employers have to hiring overqualified candidates . For one thing , many job seekers assume that their high credentials automatically mean they are skilled for a more junior job . But , Sollman said , just because a position is less senior than the one you previously held does not mean that you have the appropriate skills to succeed in that role . "  Take an administrative position , for example . Many mid - to senior-level job seekers have n't done anything remotely administrative for years , " she said . Right or wrong , other assumptions hiring managers might have about hiring overqualified candidates include :  You 'll be bored and unmotivated  The salary will be too low for you  You 'll be unhappy  You 'll leave the minute something better comes along  You could possibly steal his/her job  You wo n't be able to step down from a leadership role Hiring managers only take overqualified candidates seriously if they are convincing about a valid reason they want to take a more junior-level job , Sollman said . The best reason is saying you have decided that you do n't want to work crazy schedules and are interested in a better work/life balance , she said . If that 's the truth and you 're truly not looking over your shoulder for a senior-level job , employers will consider you for a more junior job . Tucker says the doubt he gets from hiring managers regarding his experience is unfair . "  They should consider my above-par qualifications as a way to gain additional capabilities on their staff and team . I will bring just as much passion to this role as I would any other , " he said . "  I would not apply for a job if it were n't a fit for me . It 's about the work I 'm doing and the contributions I 'm making that matter . " If you 're being told you 're overqualified during your job search , here are seven ways to convince your interviewer otherwise : 1 . Admit that you 're worried , too Tell the hiring manager that you are also concerned that it might not be a fit , suggests Duncan Mathison , co-author of "  The Truth about the Hidden Job Market . " Promise that if at any point during the hiring process you feel the job appears too low or not one where you will bring the full engagement needed to excel in the position , you will withdraw your candidacy . Your willingness to walk away tells them you are motivated if you stay in the game . 2 . Take salary off the table Make it clear that you 're flexible about salary and that your previous earnings are not relevant to your current job search . "  Tell the hiring manager that you work for both green dollars and personal satisfaction dollars , " Sollman says . "  Lately you 've had a deficit in personal satisfaction dollars and you want a chance to try something new . " 3 . Put the issue out there Ask the interviewer if he or she sees any positives or negatives to your candidacy based on your higher qualifications . Get the issue on the table so it can be addressed , Mathison suggests . 4 . Use your accomplishments "  Tell the hiring manager that you 're proud of your accomplishments and you have proven to yourself that you can perform at a more senior level , " Sollman said . "  Now you 're not interested in chasing titles and promotion . You want to make a contribution at a compelling company . " 5 . Distance yourself from your higher qualifications Be empathetic to those parts of the hiring manager 's jobs -- indicate that you have a clearer understanding of what a manager needs from their people . "  For example , say you were a manager and are applying to an individual contributor job , " Mathison said . "  Tell the hiring manager that you are looking for a job that would give you more hands-on technical work and give you a break from the people management and corporate politics . " 6 . You want to learn If you 've held more senior positions at a different kind of company or in a different industry , tell the hiring manager that the best way to really learn about a new industry is from the bottom up , Sollman says . 7 . Make a commitment "  Tell the employer that you know that job hopping is a major ` do n't ' in the business world . Say that barring unforeseen circumstances , you are ready to make at least a two-year commitment to the company , " Sollman suggests . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	"  Overqualified " tag a Catch 22 for job seekers who ca n't get hired at their level Employers may fear overqualified applicants will jump ship , take their jobs Experts advise to put the issue out there so it can be addressed in interviews Tell interviewers you want to learn new skills , will make a commitment to stay
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Former U.S. Rep. Curt Weldon said he is set to meet with Moammar Gadhafi on Wednesday in an attempt to persuade Libya 's embattled ruler to step down . Weldon will also meet with Libyan Deputy Foreign Minister Khalid Khaim , the Republican from Pennsylvania said in an interview with CNN affiliate WPIX-TV . Weldon said that in addition to Gadhafi 's resignation , he is proposing a cease-fire on both sides ; a withdrawal of government forces from key cities ; no further advances by rebel forces ; a joint interim government run by Libya 's current prime minister and the an opposition leader ; unfettered humanitarian access ; and the establishment of a parliamentary commission that would include American , Middle Eastern , European and African politicians helping to establish a new parliament in Libya . As far as the Gadhafi family , Weldon 's proposals also suggest a possible title for Gadhafi as honorary chairman of the African Union and allowing his second-oldest son , Saif , to stand in elections . Saif al-Islam Gadhafi was once thought of as a leading reformer in the Libyan government , but the 38-year-old has become one of his father 's most outspoken defenders since the start of the unrest . In an opinion piece written for The New York Times , Weldon said , "  I 've met  Moammar Gadhafi  enough times to know that it will be very hard to simply bomb him into submission . " He said he was in Libya at the invitation of Gadhafi and that U.S. President Barack Obama 's administration is aware of the trip . CNN did not immediately get a response late Tuesday night from the U.S. State Department or the White House about Weldon 's trip . In 2004 , Weldon led a congressional delegation to Tripoli and met privately with Gadhafi after the Libyan leader renounced terrorism in an effort to establish warmer ties with the West . Weldon said in his opinion piece Wednesday that he traveled in 2004 to support Gadhafi 's decision to give up Libya 's nuclear weapons program , though neither he nor the White House wanted to support Gadhafi himself . Weldon told CNN in 2004 that he had 14 meetings with "  everyone in the administration " and toured a nuclear complex . Libya remains in a deadly stalemate as pro-Gadhafi forces battle rebel fighters demanding an end to Gadhafi 's nearly 42-year-rule . Weldon 's proposal also suggests free elections within 12 months overseen by the United Nations , according to reporter Larry Mendte of WPIX-TV who traveled with Weldon to Libya . CNN 's Nic Robertson in Tripoli contributed to this report	Curt Weldon 's proposals include a cease-fire on both sides , a joint interim government Weldon : "  It will be very hard to simply bomb him into submission " He led a congressional delegation to Tripoli in 2004 and met privately with Gadhafi
CNN  -- Red Bull , whose Formula One team has won the drivers ' and constructors ' titles for the past three years , could have a home race in Austria from 2014 . Red Bull founder Dietrich Mateschitz and F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone have struck a deal to return the race to the sport 's global calendar after an 11-year absence . A statement from Red Bull 's headquarters in Austria said : "  Dietrich Mateschitz and Bernie Ecclestone have reached an agreement which will see Formula 1 return to Styria -LSB- a state in south-east Austria -RSB- as early as next year . "  The race -LSB- is -RSB- to be staged at the Red Bull Ring in Spielberg . "  Pending all of the necessary official authorizations for the Red Bull Ring , the race is scheduled for July 6 , 2014 . We are thrilled . " The agreement and date is provisional until the sport 's governing body , the FIA , ratify the calendar later this year . New circuits added to the F1 calendar also have to be pass the FIA 's safety tests . The Red Bull Ring staged the Austrian Grand Prix between 1970 and 1987 in its former guise as the Osterreichring . The fast , narrow circuit was dropped from the calendar because of safety concerns before reappearing as a shortened A-Ring in 1997 . Ferrari 's Michael Schumacher won the last race held at the circuit in 2003 before it again lost its place on the calendar because further planned redevelopment of the track had stalled . Mateschitz bought and rebuilt the circuit , branding it the Red Bull Ring , and now his long held hope of bringing F1 back to his homeland could be about to be fulfilled .	The Austrian Grand Prix could return to the Formula One calendar in 2014 Red Bull founder Dietrich Mateschitz and F1 boss Bernie Ecclestone have struck a deal The race will be held at the Red Bull Ring in south-east Austria The Austrian GP was dropped from the calendar in 2003
CNN  -- A storm has killed at least 16 people on the Italian island of Sardinia , with two people unaccounted for and fears the death toll will rise , officials say . Confirming the deaths to CNN affiliate Sky TG24 , Regional President Ugo Cappellacci described the situation as "  dramatic " and "  critical . " Italian Prime Minister Enrico Letta held a Cabinet meeting to declare a state of emergency in Sardinia . He told reporters the government has allocated 20 million euros  $ 27 million  in immediate aid to the Mediterranean island . The money will be used to help save lives , assist the displaced and repair roads , he said . Italian President Giorgio Napolitano issued a statement expressing solidarity with the affected communities . Civil Protection Agency spokeswoman Francesca Maffini said that the two missing people were a farmer and a woman who lived alone . Both were in the province of Nuoro , she said . Maffini told CNN the island had received six months ' worth of rainfall -- 450 mm  more than a foot  -- in 12 hours . Addressing lawmakers in Italy 's Parliament on Tuesday , Environment Minister Andrea Orlando said the area had an average rainfall of 1,000 mm , and a similar deluge had not occurred there in centuries . CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller said that while the worst weather had moved on from Sardinia , the island will still experience some showers and gusty winds over 50 kph through Wednesday as the storm system moves east in the Mediterranean Sea . Italy 's state news agency ANSA reported that flooding from the storm -- named locally as Cleopatra -- forced many people to flee their homes , with thousands seeking shelter in public facilities such as gymnasiums . ANSA said a Brazilian family of four was among the dead : a mother , father and two teenage children drowned when a flash flood hit their ground-floor flat in Arzachena , near Olbia . Olbia 's councilor for tourism , Marco Vargiu , told CNN that the storm had been "  a disaster " for the town of about 70,000 , with authorities saying 13 people had died in the broader area . Vargiu said the dead included two young babies . In one case , a father aged 35 and his 3-year-old son had died in flood waters near the town , he said . "  The worst conditions are here in Olbia . There are rivers of water in the town . In lots of houses the ground floors are full of water , one or two meters of water , and a lot of families have lost everything -- their house , their car , their clothes , the furniture . " Vargiu said the houses were filled with a mixture of water , sand and rubbish . "  We have electricity , but the streets , the bridges have been washed away . " "  My house has no damage , but just 15 meters away there are friends that have lost all their furniture , their car , because they were carried away by the rivers , " he said . "  Disasters like this have never happened . We do n't remember a disaster like this . " But Vargiu said a lot of ministry staff and emergency workers had come to aid the town , and there were many volunteers helping its inhabitants . "  In Olbia there is a very , very good solidarity , " he said . "  We have two hospitals working hard overnight and today because they had a lot of people asking for help . There were a lot of accidents in cars , in houses , and some walls fell down . " Vargiu said a lot of money would be needed for Sardinia to recover from the storm , with many families and businesses affected . The amount offered by the government might be enough to restore some of the town 's connections to the rest of the island , he said , but it was not enough long term . "  It 's very difficult to count the financial cost to the town , the houses . The economy of the town has received a big damage . I do n't think it 's enough . " Italy 's Civil Protection Agency said 2,500 people have been displaced and more than 10,000 people are without electricity . The agency is still trying to reach all the areas affected , it said in a statement . Widespread flooding and landslides have blocked roads , and the agency urged motorists to drive only when necessary and to check road conditions before beginning a journey . The agency said the bad weather started in the Campidano area , in southwestern Sardinia , then spread across the rest of the island , with the worst affected provinces Olbia and Nuoro . Olbia 's port remains operational , and the airport is partially open , it said . The coast guard said there had been reports of flooding in other parts of Italy , particularly near the city of Catanzaro , in the southern region of Calabria , and in Venice during the high tide .	Italian PM Enrico Letta declares emergency , allocates 20 million euros in immediate aid President Ugo Cappellacci describes the situation as "  dramatic " and "  critical " Cleopatra hit in the island 's southwest before spreading , state news reports
CNN  -- Pope Francis rang in his first Christmas at the Vatican with a Christmas Eve Mass preaching a message of love and forgiveness . "  On this night , let us share the joy of the Gospel . God loves us . He so loves us that he gave us his son to be our brother , to be light in our darkness . To us the Lord repeats , ` Do not be afraid , ' ... And I , too , repeat , do not be afraid , ' " the Pope said . "  Our Father is patient . He loves us , he gives us Jesus to guide us on the way which leads to the promised land . Jesus is the light who brightened the darkness . Our Father forgives always . He is our peace and light . " He called on the throngs gathered at St. Peter 's Basilica on Tuesday to cast aside hatred . "  God is light and in him there is no darkness at all . Yet on the part of the people , there are times of both light and darkness , fidelity and infidelity , obedience and rebellion , times of being a pilgrim people , and times of being a people adrift , " the Pope said . "  In our personal history , too , there are both bright and dark moments , lights and shadows . If we love God and our brothers and sisters , we walk in the light . But if our heart is closed , if we are dominated by pride , deceit , self-seeking , then darkness falls within us , and around us . Whoever hates his brother -- writes the Apostle John -- is in the darkness ; he walks in the darkness , and does not know the way to go , because the darkness has blinded his eyes . " Before the Mass , pilgrims gathering in Vatican City told CNN they were excited to celebrate with the Pope . "  We want to share this special moment with a person who is a beloved person , and we appreciate all he 's doing , " one woman said . Nine months into his papacy , much has been made of the Pope 's reforms , among them more scrutiny at the Vatican bank , changes to the church 's bureaucratic structure , and a commission to deal with the abuse of minors . And while this year 's Christmas liturgy remains the same , experts say we should expect the unexpected . "  He tends to be a surprise , because he does things that are normal , but are very abnormal in terms of the papacy , " said Gerard O'Connell , a Vatican analyst . "  He brought three homeless men into where he is living to have breakfast with him on his birthday . ... I suspect we will see something else again over the Christmas period . " The festivities began on Saturday , with the Pope 's Christmas message to the Curia . He urged the church 's governing body to avoid gossip and to focus on service . And then he practiced what he preached , spending three hours at a local hospital bringing Christmas cheer to sick children . There were a record number of requests to attend this year 's Christmas Eve Mass. . On Christmas Day , tens of thousands of pilgrims are expected to flood St. Peter 's Square to hear his message to the world . "  People are listening to him , because he 's speaking in a language that 's not Vaticanese , " O'Connell said . "  He 's speaking the language of ordinary people . "	The Pope urges faithful to cast aside hatred He leads his first Christmas Eve Mass at the Vatican "  God is light and in him there is no darkness at all , " the Pope says
CNN  -- The Jonas Brothers have canceled a planned concert in Monterrey , Mexico , they announced Thursday , following an outbreak of drug-related violence there . The pop trio said they were saddened not to be going through with the show , scheduled for October 21 . "  While they wish to apologize to everyone who planned to attend the concert , this difficult decision was made out of their great affection and concern for their loyal fans in the region , " their management said in a statement . The Disney-backed boy band will go ahead with concerts in Guadalajara on October 23 and Mexico City the following day , the statement said . Monterrey tickets can be exchanged for tickets to those concerts or refunded at the place of purchase . Moneterrey has seen a wave of violence as rival drug gangs battle each other and the police . There have been at least three grenade attacks this month . One was thrown at a police station on October 10 , wounding four police officers . Fourteen people , including eight children , were injured when a grenade was thrown in a public square in front of a city hall on October 3 , the state-run Notimex news agency reported , citing local officials . At least three grenades were thrown in the vicinity of the U.S. consulate in Monterrey late on October 1 , a consulate employee told CNN the next morning . The consulate does not appear to have been the target . A local newspaper reported that a guard at a local courthouse was injured by shrapnel in that incident . Monterrey is one of Mexico 's leading business centers . It is the capital of the state of Nuevo Leon , which has witnessed much violence as rival drug cartels fight with each other over lucrative smuggling routes and with the federal authorities .	Monterrey , Mexico , has seen at least three grenade attacks this month Rival drug gangs are battling each other and the police The boy band said the "  difficult decision was made out of their great affection and concern for fans "
CNN  -- The comic debut of Superman has sold for an out-of-this-world price . The copy of Action Comics No. 1 from 1938 , which features the first appearance of the "  Man of Steel " was bought by an undisclosed buyer for a record $ 1.5 million Monday on the online auction site ComicConnect.com . "  This is the Holy Grail of Holy Grails , " said Vincent Zurzolo , co-owner of the Web site . A copy of the same issue sold for $ 1 million in February , but this one fetched a higher price because it is in better condition . It was stored inside a movie magazine for the past 50 years , Zurzolo said . "  The book looks like it just came off the presses yesterday , " said Zurzolo . "  The colors are extremely vivid , the whites behind the ` Action Comics ' logo are snow white . It 's just a stunning copy -- it almost looks brand new . " The sale of the Superman book marks the third time this year that a record was set for the sale of a comic book . The other copy of "  Action Comics " No. 1 held onto its record for only three days before a comic book featuring Batman 's debut sold for $ 75,000 more at an auction in Dallas , Texas . It 's widely believed that there are 50 to 100 copies of Action Comics No. 1 floating around , which makes it exceedingly rare . However , the copy sold Monday has received the highest rating to date from the Certified Guaranty Company , an independent comic grading company in Sarasota , Florida . The company inspects comic books for imperfections , ranging from yellowing to slight creases . J.C. Vaughn , the associate publisher of The Overstreet Comic Book Price Guide , an annual publication considered the authority on comic book pricing , said the Action Comic No. 1 book sold Monday is worth every penny . "  The older any comic book gets , obviously the more unlikely you 'll find it with a high rating , " said Vaughn . "  A book this old , featuring Superman 's first appearance ? I think this book warrants the price . " Back in 1938 , there were 200,000 of these first editions printed and 130,000 sold , said Vaughn . The 70,000 other copies were destroyed . Zurzolo said it could be a while before another comic book sets a new mark , because only a few other comics have this type of value . "  You will see a lot of very high-priced comic books selling in the next few years , " he said . "  But until these books hit the market again I do n't think you 'll see the same exact type of numbers in the near future . " ComicConnect would n't reveal the buyer of the $ 1.5 million Superman book . "  Our buyer , much like most of the superheroes out there , has a secret identity and would rather remain that way , " Zurzolo said . However , he added that the customer has a tremendous passion for superhero comic books and is especially fond of Superman . "  Superman was the first superhero , " said Zurzolo . "  Without Superman there would be no Batman , Spider Man , Wolverine , Wonder Woman -- they all came about because of the immense success of Action Comics and the first appearance of Superman . " Alex Rae , the back issue buyer for Midtown Comics , one of the nation 's largest comic book dealers located in New York , said if he had his choice of any comic book in the world , it would be the one just purchased . "  It revolutionized the comic book industry , " he said . CNN Radio 's Matt Cherry and CNN 's Edmund DeMarche contributed to this report .	Action Comics No. 1 from 1938 features Superman 's first appearance Comic 's buyer has "  secret identity and would rather remain that way " There are thought to be 50 to 100 copies of Action Comics No. 1 floating around
CNN  -- Kim Byung-ki has just seen his sister for the first time in 59 years , a sibling he thought was dead until last year . They reunited over the weekend for the first time since the Korean War tore apart their family . Kim , his sister and Kim 's son started crying immediately on seeing one another , said Kim 's son , Kim Jong-hwa . They could n't stop . The family took part in family reunions that began October 30 and will end Friday at Mount Kumgang , the two Koreas ' joint mountain resort in the North . Many burst into tears at the reunions , which involve 100 people from each side . Elderly men in suits and women in traditional Korean silk hanbok dresses sat at numbered tables in a large restaurant . Some sat , spoke and exchanged photographs ; others simply looked bewildered as they clutched hands and stared into faces unseen for six decades . The relatives have been separated from since the 1950-53 Korean War . "  After a while , my father said they need to stop crying and smile , so the memories of the meeting could be better . He said they should say goodbye smiling , not crying . It was hard to see that , " Kim Jong-hwa said . Kim 's father was n't immediately available for comment . "  We were very happy to meet her and learn about how she had lived , " Kim Jong-hwa said of his aunt . "  I felt relieved to hear she had worked as a nurse and later became a doctor , that probably means she had a better life " than many North Koreans . "  Still , it broke my hear to see her and think of the difficulties she might have gone through , " Kim said . "  She told us that when the North and South Korean family meetings started , she was upset that no one in her family had looked for her , " he said . "  It was a shock for us to hear she felt that way , " Kim said . "  We did our best to explain to her we thought she had died during the war and that we would have tried to look for her , had we known she was still out there . When she left , she said she understood , but I wondered what she really thought and how she really felt . " The elder Kim had not seen his sister since 1951 , when she was 15 years old . He was a police officer during the war and often was away from home . When he returned one day , "  She was gone . I asked where she was and she had been kidnapped -LSB- by North Korean soldiers -RSB- . After that , we did n't know where she was , " Kim said . "  My mother was just waiting for her to get back . She was old . She could n't go out to look for her . Even if she wanted , she did n't even know where she could search , " Kim added . "  It was a vague hope . She wondered , will it be today ? Will it be tomorrow ? She just waited . " Kim 's wife , Kwon Bong-sook , shared her memories of those traumatic years : "  All the family was alive then . Three generations lived at the house and people waited for her to come back . " "  But time passed , we were n't able to think . There were shootings , bombs , the men went to the army . ... I did n't even know if my husband was alive . " "  Life was hard then . That was how we lived then . My brother and my father were also gone . Everything was taken from us . We did n't have food . " "  There were bombs . It was not a proper life . We just tried to survive . After this , we thought she died . We could have never imagined she survived . " Last year , the South Korean Kim got word through government channels that his sister was alive , in North Korea . No mail , telephone or e-mail exchanges exist between ordinary citizens across the Korean border , so the siblings pinned their hopes on the government-sanctioned reunions . Millions of Koreans were divided by the war . It ended in a truce , but without a formal peace treaty . The prickly relationship between the countries has since had periodic conciliatory moves and flare-ups . Some 80,000 South Koreans have registered with their government to join one of the infrequent reunions , but 40,000 people are thought to have passed away or given up hope , according to the South 's Ministry of Unification . Numbers are unknown in the secretive North . The first family reunions took place following a landmark summit between the two Koreas in 2000 . Since then , 17,100 people representing 3,500 families have been reunited on 17 separate occasions . Journalist Manisha Tank contributed to this report .	Until last year , Kim Byung-ki thought his sister was dead He had not seen her since she disappeared at age 15 The siblings were divided by the Korean War The South Korean man reunited with his sibling over the weekend
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama said Wednesday night he will work with Congress and the military to repeal the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " policy that bars gays and lesbians from openly serving in the armed forces . Obama made the remark in his first State of the Union speech during a short litany of civil rights issues , which included his successful hate crimes bill , a move to "  crack down on equal-pay laws " and improvement of the immigration system . "  We find unity in our incredible diversity , drawing on the promise enshrined in our Constitution : the notion that we are all created equal , that no matter who you are or what you look like , if you abide by the law you should be protected by it , " he said . "  We must continually renew this promise . My administration has a Civil Rights Division that is once again prosecuting civil rights violations and employment discrimination . We finally strengthened our laws to protect against crimes driven by hate , " he said . "  This year , I will work with Congress and our military to finally repeal the law that denies gay Americans the right to serve the country they love because of who they are . " Weigh in on the president 's address Former Navy pilot Sen. John McCain said "  it would be a mistake " to repeal the 1993 law that bars gay men and lesbians from revealing their sexual orientation , and prevents the military from asking about it . "  This successful policy has been in effect for over 15 years , and it is well understood and predominantly supported by our military at all levels , " McCain said . "  We have the best-trained , best-equipped , and most professional force in the history of our country , and the men and women in uniform are performing heroically in two wars . At a time when our Armed Forces are fighting and sacrificing on the battlefield , now is not the time to abandon the policy . " But in a message to Pentagon leadership , Gen. John Shalikashvili , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , said it 's time to repeal the law . "  As a nation built on the principal of equality , we should recognize and welcome change that will build a stronger more cohesive military , " said Shalikashvili . His letter was sent to Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand , D-New York , who supports repealing the policy . The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , an organization that works with those affected by the "  do n't ask , do n't tell " law , praised Obama 's call for repeal . "  We very much need a sense of urgency to get this done in 2010 , " the group said . "  We call on the president to repeal the archaic 1993 law in his defense budget currently being drafted , that is probably the only and best moving bill where DADT can be killed this year . ... The American public , including conservatives , is overwhelmingly with the commander in chief on this one . " House Minority Leader John Boehner , R-Ohio , flatly disagreed with the idea of ending it . "  When it comes to ` do n't ask do n't tell , ' frankly , I think it 's worked very well . And we just ought to leave it alone , " he said to reporters Wednesday morning . The policy prohibits openly gay men and women from serving in the U.S. armed forces . The policy bans military recruiters or authorities from asking about an individual 's sexual orientation but also prohibits a service member from revealing that he or she is gay . Senate Armed Services Committee Chairman Carl Levin , D-Michigan , supports ending the practice but wants to go about it carefully . Levin said he did not have any details about what the president would say . "  If we do this in a way which is n't sensitive ... we could have exactly the opposite effect of what I hope will be the case -- which is to change the policy , " he said Monday . Levin said the committee plans to hold hearings on the issue in early February , although the hearing may be with outside experts -- delaying a hearing with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Joint Chiefs Chairman Adm. Michael Mullen , that had originally been promised , CNN was told by a congressional source . Obama campaigned on the promise that he would repeal the law in his first year of office . Speaking to the gay rights group Human Rights Campaign , in October , Obama admitted that "  our progress may be taking longer than we like , " but he insisted his administration was still on track to overturn the policy . "  Do not doubt the direction we are heading and the destination we will reach , " he said . Pentagon Spokesman Geoff Morrell deflected repeated questions about the policy at Wednesday 's Pentagon briefing , directing reporters to take their questions to the White House . "  We continue to work on this problem , " said Morrell . "  But I 'm not going to get into it with more specificity than that . " CNN 's Ed Hornick and Laurie Ure contributed to this report .	NEW : The Servicemembers Legal Defense Network praises Obama 's call for repeal NEW : Sen. John McCain says policy is "  understood and predominantly supported " by servicemembers Military policy prohibits openly gays and lesbians from serving Former Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman has called for the policy 's repeal
CNN Student News  -- October 27 , 2009 Downloadable Maps Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Afghanistan & Pakistan  Los Angeles & San Diego  Ft. Jackson , South Carolina Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . NATISHA LANCE , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : A member of the military is making history . We 'll explain how in today 's edition of CNN Student News . Hi , everyone . Carl Azuz is off this week . I 'm Natisha Lance . First Up : Afghan Crashes LANCE : First up , Pakistan and Afghanistan . The countries share a border , and they also share a common problem : threats from militant groups and terrorists like the Taliban and al Qaeda . It 's an issue facing both nations ' governments , and one that the U.S. government is concerned about as well . That 's why President Obama has been holding a series of meetings with some of his advisers . They 're reviewing the U.S. strategy in Afghanistan and Pakistan . Samantha Hayes has the latest on those meetings and on the violence in the region . BEGIN VIDEO SAMANTHA HAYES , CNN CORRESPONDENT , WASHINGTON , D.C. : Two helicopter crashes make it the deadliest day in four years for Americans in Afghanistan . While a NATO security force spokesman says enemy fire is not to blame , the loss of 14 Americans comes while President Barack Obama is considering a request to send thousands more troops to the region to fight al Qaeda . The president addressed service men and women in Jacksonville , Florida Monday , after a White House meeting with his national security team . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : Fourteen Americans gave their lives , and our prayers are with these service members , their civilian colleagues and the families who loved them . HAYES : The deadliest of the two crashes happened following a raid on suspected drug traffickers , and three DEA agents were among those killed . Also among the dead , three U.S. civilians , members of the embassy community . The State Department says the efforts of civilians and other nonmilitary personnel are essential to the overall mission . JACOB LEW , DEPUTY SECRETARY OF STATE : Improving Afghan governance , providing security , justice , jobs and services , and giving the Afghan people a meaningful alternative , as much as possible , to the Taliban 's recruiting . HAYES : Democratic Senator John Kerry , off of a recent trip to the region , addressed those efforts and the U.S. relationship with the Afghan government in a Washington speech . SEN. JOHN KERRY ,  D  MASSACHUSETTS : The fact that the Afghan government has not prosecuted a single high level drug trafficker damages all of our efforts because it goes to the fundamental question of credibility . HAYES : President Obama 's White House meeting was the sixth in a series of high-level discussions about what to do in Afghanistan , as the administration awaits results from that country 's November 7th presidential runoff . For CNN Student News , I 'm Samantha Hayes . END VIDEO I.D. Me CNN STUDENT NEWS : See if you can I.D. Me ! I was born in 1939 in Searchlight , Nevada . I was first elected to the U.S. Senate in 1986 , and I 'm currently the Senate Majority Leader , which means I 'm the highest ranking member of the Senate 's majority party . I 'm Harry Reid , a Democrat who is the senior senator from Nevada . Public Option LANCE : And in that role as majority leader , it 's Sen. Reid 's job to help combine health care bills from different committees into a single bill that can be presented to the entire Senate . Yesterday , Sen. Reid announced that the combined bill will include a government-run health care program ; what 's been called the public option . During his announcement , Reid also said that the bill will let individual states choose not to take part in the public option . They would have until the year 2014 to make that decision . This has been one of the most controversial issues in the debate over health care reform . Critics argue that if companies use the public option , then some people might lose the health care coverage that they currently have and are happy with . But Sen. Reid believes it 's an important part of the reform . SEN. HARRY REID ,  D-NV  SENATE MAJORITY LEADER : I believe that the public option can achieve a goal of bringing meaningful reform to our broken system . It will protect consumers , keep insurers honest , ensure competition , and that 's why we intend to include it in the bill that we submitted , that will be submitted to the Senate . Tea Party Protests LANCE : Meanwhile , the Tea Party Express is back on the road , protesting issues like government involvement in health care . The Express , which is named for both the organization and its bus , launched a new tour Sunday in California with rallies in San Diego and Los Angeles , where some people actually showed up to protest the Tea Party protesters . The Express plans to hold demonstrations in dozens of cities over the next several weeks . One of the group 's main goals is the push for less government involvement , and these rallies also aim to give people who feel that way an opportunity to express their views . CHRIS KEAYS , TEA PARTY PROTESTER : We need to get back to the days when we were responsible and we assumed the responsibility of ourselves and our families , and the government is not a part of my daily life . I really resent the government taking up so much of my time that I 'm down here having to protest right now . New Jobs Outlook LANCE : And some potentially good news for the U.S. economy : A new survey indicates that companies are planning to hire more employees in the very near future . The report from the National Association of Business Economics says for the first time since the recession started nearly two years ago , the number of employers planning to hire workers over the next six months is higher than the number of jobs that are expected to be cut during that same time . The country 's current unemployment rate is 9.8 percent . That 's the highest the statistic has been in more than a quarter century . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What base is home to the U.S. Army 's Drill Sergeant School ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  Fort Bragg , B  Fort Hood , C  Fort Jackson or D  Fort Knox ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! You 'll find the Army 's Drill Sergeant School at Fort Jackson , South Carolina . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Top Drill Sergeant LANCE : Drill sergeants are responsible for training tens of thousands of soldiers every year . And the head of the Drill Sergeant School , its commandant , is responsible for training them . The current commandant broke new ground when she took over the position last month because she 's the first she to head up the school . Jason Carroll introduces us to this trailblazing soldier . BEGIN VIDEO JASON CARROLL , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Historically , this is the image of the military drill sergeant : a tough guy . That was then ; this is now . At 48 , Command Sergeant Major Teresa King is the first woman to lead the Army 's Drill Sergeant Training School . What are you looking for ? I mean , because it all pretty much looks like everybody 's exercising to me . CMD . SGT. MAJOR TERESA KING : I 'm looking for attention to detail , conformance . CARROLL : Before sunrise at Ft. Jackson , South Carolina , King readies her drill instructor candidates for a rigorous run . What 's wrong with that ? KING : That 's too big , Top . You need to break it up . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Fall out ! CARROLL : She leads by example . King runs the five-mile course from the front of the pack , outperforming men half her age . STAFF SGT. LERON DELANEY , U.S. ARMY : She 's older than me , so if I fall out and she 's still running , I feel bad . CARROLL : Extinguishing those who think a woman ca n't be commandant . SGT. 1ST CLASS MICHAEL CHILDS , U.S. ARMY : We 've got to stay on top of our game even more than we used to with her , because she 's that sharp . CARROLL : King says she wakes up some mornings still shocked she is commandant . KING : I had never considered it , although I 've been in training for about seven years . But I never considered it , the Drill Sergeant School . CARROLL : King 's first Army job some 30 years ago was postal clerk , but her hero , General George Patton , inspired her . KING : I saw that he had the respect of his men . And I saw he was resolute . CARROLL : King eventually rose through the ranks , excelling at training infantry men and paratroopers alike . KING : I 'm doing what I 've always done . It 's just now , people are paying attention to it . CARROLL : And to her opinions . The military prohibits women from serving in front line combat roles . King trains men for combat and thinks it 's time to train qualified women . KING : I think if they can do it , they should be allowed to do it . CARROLL : The reality : Women make up 14 percent of active soldiers in the Army . Some women question how many others will follow in King 's footsteps . OPERATIONS SGT. ANGELA ANDREWS , U.S. ARMY : I would n't say it opens the door , but it may crack it somewhat . CARROLL : King says she will continue to lead by example . KING : I have vision . And I believe I can cause people to do some things that they thought they never could do . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , some science projects can balloon out of control . Which was the whole point of this experiment in Indiana . College students filled this high altitude balloon with helium and then let it fly away . The thing actually climbed 90,000 feet before ... awww . Looks like their bubble burst . Actually , they knew it would . The cameras and sensors inside the balloon gently parachuted back to the ground . So in the end , the experiment was a total success . Goodbye AZUZ : Just do n't tell that to the students . We would n't want them to get an inflated ego . That 's all the time we have for today . For CNN Student News , I 'm Natisha Lance .	Consider U.S. efforts to offer Afghan citizens an alternative to the Taliban Hear how a proposed health care bill addresses the issue of the public option Meet a soldier who is making history at the U.S. Army Drill Sergeant School Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Italy 's president has pardoned a U.S. Air Force colonel convicted in absentia for his role in the seizing of a suspected terrorist in Italy in 2003 . Nearly two dozen Americans , most thought to work for the CIA , were tried in 2009 . The trial was the first in the world to deal with a practice that human rights groups call "  extraordinary rendition . " They say the United States has often transferred terrorism suspects to countries that practice torture . Washington has acknowledged making secret "  rendition " transfers of terrorism suspects between countries but denies using torture or handing suspects over to countries that do . "  Defense  Secretary  Chuck  Hagel welcomes the news of  Italian  President  Giorgio  Napolitano 's decision to grant clemency to U.S. Air Force Col. Joseph Romano , and appreciates the Italian government 's careful consideration of this matter , " Pentagon spokesman George Little said in a statement Saturday . The case centered on the extraordinary rendition of a Muslim cleric , Osama Mustafa Hassan Nasr , or Abu Omar . He was seized on the streets of Milan in 2003 , transferred to Egypt and tortured , he says . He was suspected of recruiting men to fight in Iraq and Afghanistan and was under heavy surveillance by Italy 's intelligence agency . Prosecutors said he was nabbed by a CIA team working with Italian intelligence officials . Napolitano pardoned Romano to "  find a solution to an affair considered by the United States to be unprecedented " and to solve "  a situation of great delicacy , " Italian news agency ANSA reported , citing the president 's office .	U.S. Air Force Col. Joseph Romano was convicted in absentia in 2009 He was one of nearly two dozen tried for their role in seizing a suspected terrorist ANSA : Italy 's president pardoned Romano to solve "  a situation of great delicacy "
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Famed Indian spiritual guru Sri Sathya Sai Baba was laid to rest Wednesday as hundreds of thousands of followers bid a tearful farewell to the ascetic they revered as a living god . Hymns rang through his ashram at his hometown of Puttaparthi in southern India as his body was sprinkled with petals and holy water before a private burial behind a maroon curtain . Hindu funerals generally involve cremation , but infants and saintly figures are buried . Sri Sathya Sai Baba died Sunday at age 85 of respiratory failure . A number of luminaries attended the funeral conducted with full state honors . On Tuesday , Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and the Italian-born head of his Congress party , Sonia Gandhi , paid their tribute as they filed past the guru 's saffron-robed body placed in a glass casket and sat beside it as a mark of respect . Recognizable with his trademark puff of dark hair , Sri Sathya Sai Baba claimed to be a reincarnation of Sai Baba of Shirdi , one of India 's greatest spiritual leaders , who died in 1918 . Devotees believed Sri Sathya Sai Baba had supernatural powers . However , critics accused him of fraud and sexual abuse -- allegations he denied . In a hospital bulletin on Sunday , doctors did not use the word ` death ' to announce his passing . It said he was "  no more with us physically " and that he left "  his earthly body . " In his condolence message on the day Sri Sathya Sai Baba died , Singh remembered the spiritual leader for inspiring millions to lead a meaningful life regardless of their religions . "  His teachings were rooted in the universal ideals of truth , right conduct , peace , love and nonviolence , " Singh said .	Sri Sathya Sai Baba is buried in a state funeral A multitude of devotees and politicians attend the rites in southern India The spiritual leader died on Sunday at age 85 Critics have accused him of fraud -- allegations he denied
Having a much-loved item go missing from their baggage is something many travelers dread . So the news that dozens of baggage handlers working for the major Italian airline Alitalia have been arrested over alleged theft from passengers ' luggage may confirm their worst fears . Border police made 49 arrests at Rome 's Fiumicino airport , with another 37 in major Italian airports including Bari , Bologna , Milan Linate , Naples , Palermo and Verona , the Italian National Police said in a statement Friday . The 18-month-long investigation began after people reported that objects were stolen from their luggage at the airport of Lamezia Terme , police said . The alleged thefts took place on board the aircraft during the loading and unloading of baggage , police said . The investigation involved putting recording devices in the hold to identify those responsible . Alitalia security personnel also played a role in tracking down the alleged thieves , the statement said . All those arrested were Alitalia employees , whose activities were caught on camera , it said . If convicted , they could be sentenced to up to six years in prison . The accused have been charged with criminal offenses including theft , aggravated theft and damage , since the luggage that they were not able to open was sometimes damaged out of spite , police said .	Italian border police arrest 49 suspects at Rome 's Fiumicino airport Another 37 are arrested at airports across Italy , including Bologna , Naples and Milan All those accused are baggage handlers working for Italian airline Alitalia , police say The alleged thefts took place during the loading and unloading of baggage , police say
EW.com  -- Further proof that Daniel Craig is not your daddy 's 007 : In an upcoming ad campaign , the blond Bond is going to forgo his trademark cocktail for a swig of Dutch beer . Let 's hope it does n't arrive shaken . Ad Age reports that Craig 's tougher , darker Bond will star in an upcoming Heineken ad , which will do double duty as promotion for the upcoming Bond as wizard RPG James Bond flick "  Skyfall . " "  Skyfall " director Sam Mendes will direct the commercial as well . Though the spot itself has yet to be released , we should expect greatness , or at least virality : Wieden & Kennedy , the agency that brought us The Man Your Man Can Smell Like , is making the ad . Knowing all this , we 've really got only one question left ... How will Bond , one of the world 's most interesting men , compare to another suave beer pitchman  $ " Dos Equis ' Most Interesting Man in the World ? One has blood that smells like cologne ; the other has consorted with women named Honey Rider and Pussy Galore . Mosquitoes refuse to bite The Most Interesting Man , purely out of respect ; Bond once wore a wet suit with a rubber duck attached to his head . Clearly , these guys are neck and neck . Are you looking forward to seeing this ad , or are you still railing against the sacrilege of 007 drinking beer ?  This never would have happened in the Sean Connery days .  More generally speaking , how pumped are you for "  Skyfall ? " See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Daniel Craig 's tougher , darker Bond will star in an upcoming Heineken ad "  Skyfall " director Sam Mendes will direct the commercial as well Wieden & Kennedy , the agency that brought us The Man Your Man Can Smell Like , is making the ad
CNN  -- Do n't be surprised if Fergie is singing "  Sweet Child O ' Mine " today . The Black Eyed Peas star gave birth to a boy in Los Angeles on Thursday , a rep confirms to CNN . She and her husband , actor Josh Duhamel , named their new addition Axl Jack . Little Axl weighed in at 7 pounds and 10 ounces and was delivered via C-section . He is the first child for both parents . "  Everyone is fine , everything is well . All good in Hollywood , " the rep tells CNN . Growing their family is "  something that we 've wanted for a very long time , " Duhamel , 40 , told E! in May . "  We 're both over the moon about it . " As far as the name , it sounds as if Axl was indeed inspired by rock , and perhaps Guns N ' Roses front man Axl Rose . " -LSB- The name is -RSB- kind of traditional , kind of not , " Duhamel explained to People magazine , noting that his 38-year-old wife "  is a little rock and roll , so she 's a little bit more daring in that department than I am . " Nevertheless , Axl Jack is "  a name that we both really love , and I think will suit this child . " Although Axl is the couple 's first human child , the newborn does have a furry sibling waiting for him to come home . The pair 's dog , Zoe , has already been prepped by the Dog Whisperer himself , Cesar Millan , for the baby 's homecoming .	Fergie and Josh Duhamel have welcomed a son The singer gave birth on Thursday ; the couple named the baby Axl Jack Duhamel : Axl Jack is "  a name that we both really love "
CNN  -- Effective Saturday night , Yemeni Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi took over Ali Abdullah Saleh 's responsibilities as president , Yemeni government spokesman Abdu Ganadi told CNN . The power transfer comes as a source close to the Saudi government said that the long-time Yemeni ruler arrived in Riyadh around midnight Saturday , a day after being hurt in an attack on a mosque in his palace . Some Yemeni officials continue to insist that Saleh , who for months has resisted calls to step down , is still in Yemen . Yaser Yamani , Sanaa 's deputy mayor , told Yemeni state TV Saturday night that "  Saleh is still being treated in the military hospital in Sanaa . " Yet the Saudi source said that Saleh was immediately taken to a nearby hospital after his plane landed in Saudi Arabia . A senior Yemeni government official had told CNN that Saleh was fine after sustaining a slight head injury in Friday 's attack , and he gave a nationally broadcast speech later that night . But Saleh 's medical condition is worse than originally thought , according to the Saudi source . In response to that attack , Yemeni security forces on Friday pounded the home of Sadeq al-Ahmar , the tribal leader whose supporters are suspected of being behind the presidential palace offensive . The flurry of shelling left 10 people dead and 35 others wounded , according to Fawzi Al-Jaradi , an official with Hamil al-Ahmar , a Hashed tribal confederation led by Sadeq al-Ahmar . The Saudi government source said Saturday that the Riyadh government has helped to broker an open-ended cease-fire aimed at ending spiralling violence in Yemen . Demonstrators have demanded Saleh 's ouster for months , and fighting between Yemeni government forces and Hashed tribesemen has spiked considerably in recent weeks . Key members of all pertinent parties agreed to the deal , with the signatories including Brig. Gen. Ali Mohsen al Ahmar , who defected to the opposition ; Sadeq al-Ahmar , the Hashed and Hamil al-Ahmar leader ; and Saleh 's sons , representing the government . The Saudi source said that King Abdullah and Crown Prince Sultan bin Abdul Aziz Al-Saud have been heavily involved in setting up the framework for the cease-fire . This is not the first time that the opposition and Saleh , who has led Yemen for 33 years , have seemingly agreed to a peace deal . The Gulf Cooperation Council , which consists of representatives from six neighboring nations , helped broker a pact that involved Saleh stepping down from power -- but that agreement ended up breaking down weeks ago . Meanwhile , the popular unrest in the impoverished Arab nation continued Saturday . Tens of thousands of demonstrators congregated Saturday in Sanaa 's Change Square . Meanwhile , in the flashpoint town of Taiz , protesters retook an iconic square in the city 's center Saturday after government forces cleared it out last week . Eyewitnesses said security forces tried to disperse crowds of anti-government demonstrators by shooting at them and that at least two were injured . Yemen 's tough crackdown against peaceful protesters in Taiz prompted a new denunciation by Human Rights Watch , an international organization that monitors human rights violations . "  First the security forces kill and wound protesters , then they keep medical workers from treating the wounded and raze the protesters ' camps to wipe out all traces of them , " said Joe Stork , deputy Middle East director at Human Rights Watch . "  Foreign countries need to respond . They should freeze the assets of the president and other top officials until these horrendous abuses stop and those responsible are brought to account , " said Stork , whose group also called for the export bans on arms and security equipment to Yemen . Friday 's presidential palace attack illustrates the escalating violence . A Yemeni official who asked not to be named told CNN that Saleh was in the mosque when two "  projectiles " were fired during Friday prayers . He confirmed the death of Sheikh Ali Mohsen al-Matari and four bodyguards . State-run news agency SABA , citing a source in Saleh 's office , said three guards and the sheikh were killed . Others taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment include Prime Minister Ali Mujawar ; deputy prime ministers Rashad al-Alimi and Sadeq Amin Abu Rasand ; Shura Council Chairman Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghani ; parliament speaker Yahya Al-Raee ; and Shura Council Chairman Abdul Aziz Abdul Ghan . In a televised speech Friday night , the president said the attack occurred as talks were taking place between himself and affiliates of Sadeq al-Ahmar , the Hashed tribal leader whose break with Saleh has been followed by spiraling violence . Eyewitnesses , residents and government officials say Hashed tribesmen were responsible . But the spokesman for Sadeq al-Ahmar insisted this was not true . "  The Hashed tribesmen were not behind these attacks on the presidential palace and if they were , they would not deny it , " Abdulqawi al-Qaisi said . In his speech , the president said those behind Friday 's attacks were not connected with the youth-led movement in Sanaa 's Change Square . Rather , he said that "  gangsters " perpetrated the strike as part of their bid to overthrow his government and destroy Yemen 's economic achievements . "  I salute the armed forces everywhere and the courageous security forces who are keen on combating the attacks by a criminal gang that is acting outside of the law and is not affiliated with the youth 's revolution present in Change Square , " Saleh said . Mohammed Qahtan , the spokesman for the Joint Meeting Parties , Yemen 's largest opposition coalition , said "  the attack on the palace was preplanned by President Saleh to make people forget about the attacks that he has committed over the last two weeks . " Qahtan said Saleh 's forces have "  bombarded most of the al-Ahmar family properties after the palace attack " and have killed hundreds over the past two weeks . According to the independent International Crisis Group , tensions escalated May 23 when fighting erupted between military forces controlled by "  Saleh 's son and nephews and fighters loyal to the pre-eminent sheikh of the powerful Hashed confederation , Sadeq al-Ahmar . " While Saleh has been unpopular among many inside his country , he has been a longtime ally of the United States in the war against terror . The United States has counted on his government to be a bulwark against militants , including al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , but it believes he should transfer power in order to maintain stability in the country . White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said on Friday that John Brennan , the president 's homeland security adviser , traveled to Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates for meetings with government officials to "  discuss options to address the deteriorating situation " in Yemen . Human Rights Watch has confirmed the deaths of 166 people in attacks by security forces and pro-government assailants on largely peaceful protesters since February . It said at least 130 people have died in heavy fighting since May 23 , though it could not confirm how many of those were civilians . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Mohammed Jamjoom , Hakim Almasmari , Chris Lawrence , Jamie Crawford and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : President Saleh has arrived in Riyadh for medical treatment , a source says Saleh 's injuries from Friday 's attack on his palace are worse than first thought Vice President Abed Rabbo Mansour Hadi has taken over , a Yemeni official says All the key players in Sanaa have agreed to an open-ended ceasefire , the source says
CNN  -- Mychal Bell , a black teenager accused of beating a white classmate and who was the last of the "  Jena 6 " behind bars , was released from custody Thursday after a juvenile court judge set his bail at $ 45,000 . Supporters surround Mychal Bell on Thursday after his release at the LaSalle Parish courthouse . Bell 's release followed an announcement from LaSalle Parish District Attorney Reed Walters , who said he would not appeal a higher court 's decision moving Bell 's case to juvenile court . Wearing a blue striped golf shirt and jeans , Bell walked out of the LaSalle Parish courthouse a week after an estimated 15,000-plus demonstrators marched through Jena -- a town of about 3,000 -- to protest local authorities ' handling of the teens ' case . "  We do not condone violence of any kind , but we ask that people be given a fair and even chance at the bar of justice , " the Rev. Al Sharpton said outside the courthouse . "  Tonight , Mychal can go home , but Mychal is not out of the juvenile process . He goes home because a lot of people left their home and stood up for him , " he said . "  Let America know -- we are not fighting for the right to fight in school . We 're not fighting for the right for kids to beat each other . We 're fighting to say that there must be one level of justice for everybody . And you can not have adult attempted murder for some , and a fine for others , and call that equal protection under the law . Two wrongs do n't make one civil right . " Demonstrators at last week 's march were protesting how authorities handled the cases of Bell and five other teens accused of beating fellow student Justin Barker . Many said they were angry that the students , dubbed the Jena 6 , were being treated more harshly than three white students who hung nooses from an oak tree on Jena High School property . The white students were suspended from school but did not face criminal charges . The protesters said they should have been charged with a hate crime . Bell 's attorney Lewis Scott said the teen was moved from jail to a juvenile facility earlier Thursday . Walters said his decision not to appeal was based on what he believed was best for the victim in the case . "  While I believe that a review would have merit ... I believe it is in the best interest of the victim and his family not to delay this matter any further and move it to its conclusion , " Walters told reporters . Watch the Rev. Al Sharpton discuss the teen 's release " He said last week 's march , which included Sharpton and Martin Luther King III , did not influence his decision . Bell , now 17 , was the only one of the Jena 6 behind bars . His bond previously was set at $ 90,000 . A district judge earlier this month tossed out Bell 's conviction for conspiracy to commit second-degree battery , saying the matter should have been handled in juvenile court . The 3rd Circuit Court of Appeal in Lake Charles , Louisiana , did the same with Bell 's battery conviction in mid-September . Prosecutors originally charged all six black students accused of being involved in beating Barker with second-degree attempted murder and conspiracy . Walters reduced charges against at least four of them -- Bell , Robert Bailey Jr. , Carwin Jones and Theo Shaw -- to battery and conspiracy . Bryant Purvis awaits arraignment . Charges against Jesse Ray Beard , who was 14 at the time of the alleged crime , are unavailable because he 's a juvenile . Wednesday , Gov. Kathleen Blanco announced that Louisiana State Police officers will protect the families of the Jena 6 and investigate any threats they have received . A white supremacist Web site posted the names and addresses of the six black teens after last week 's march , calling on followers to "  let them know justice is coming . " Thursday , the FBI said it had been made aware of allegations of threats . "  Threats are taken seriously , and as these investigations are ongoing we can not comment further , " said Sheila Thorne of the FBI 's office in New Orleans , Louisiana . The December 4 attack on Barker came after months of racial tension , including at least two instances of fighting in the town , sparked originally when three white teens hung the nooses . Walters has said there was no direct link between the hanging of the nooses and the schoolyard attack , and defended the prosecutions ahead of last Thursday 's peaceful march . Blanco defended the prosecutor Wednesday , saying , "  He has a solid record and is highly respected among his peers . " Walters also addressed the stress and notoriety the town has been subjected to , saying the only way he and other residents "  have been able to endure the trauma that has been thrust upon us is through the prayers of the Christian people who have sent them up in this community . " He also suggested that some kind of "  disaster " was averted when thousands of marchers came to Jena last week . "  I firmly believe and am confident of the fact that had it not been for the direct intervention of the Lord Jesus Christ last Thursday , a disaster would have happened , " Walters said . "  The Lord Jesus Christ put his influence on those people , and they responded accordingly , " he said , without explaining exactly what he meant . Soon after the district attorney spoke , a local reverend took issue with his comments . "  Obviously , we are serving two different gods here , " the Rev. Donald Sidley said . "  My Bible says that we should do -- we should be loving , love your neighbor as yourself . "  For him to try and separate the community like he is and then using Christ Jesus to influence the people that Jesus is working on their side , well , that 's -- that 's absurd . ... God is god of the human race , " said Sidley , of the New Evergreen Church . E-mail to a friend	Bell released from custody after juvenile court judge sets bail at $ 45,000 Prosecutor wo n't appeal ruling in Bell case Bell and five other black teens are accused of beating white student Justin Barker Beating followed white students hanging nooses from a tree on school grounds
Washington  CNN  -- The United States is watching closely to the see the ultimate fate of the most powerful man in Pakistan , Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani , the Pakistani army 's chief of staff . Pressured by Washington to crack down on terrorists at the same time he was kept in the dark about the U.S. raid to kill Osama bin Laden , Kayani "  is facing more vocal and strident criticism than he has in the past , " a senior U.S. military official told CNN . "  We really think he is coming under increased scrutiny by junior and mid-grade officers . " This is the type of scrutiny senior Pakistani generals like Kayani are "  not accustomed to facing , " the official said . Criticism of Kayani inside Pakistan had grown in recent months as he became close to the Obama administration and the Pentagon . But in the wake of the U.S. military raid into Pakistan to kill bin Laden , the criticism has increased from an officer corps furious that U.S. troops invaded Pakistan 's territory without the Pakistani military , and especially Kayani , being consulted . Adm. Michael Mullen , chairman of the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff , is one of Kayani 's closest professional and personal allies , having met with him many times in the past several years . "  Mullen does consider him a friend , " said the admiral 's spokesman , Capt John Kirby . "  That does n't mean there are n't still disagreements . It does n't mean Kayani does n't feel betrayed . " U.S. officials are closely watching a group known as the "  11 corps commanders , " the senior Pakistani generals hand-picked by Kayani to command . Keeping their loyalty will be crucial for Kayani to keep his job . At his final Pentagon news conference Thursday before stepping down at the end of the month , Gates warned that no matter how much strain exists between the two countries , cooperation must be preserved . "  We need each other and we need each other more than just in the context of Afghanistan . Pakistan is an important player in terms of regional stability and in terms of central Asia , and my view is that this is a relationship that we need to keep working at it . " Incoming Defense Secretary Leon Panetta on June 9 sounded a similar warning : "  This is a difficult challenge . The relationship with Pakistan is at the same time one of the most critical and yet one of the most complicated and frustrating relationships that we have . " Panetta said it is "  complicated by the fact that they maintain relationships with certain terrorist groups , that they continue to not take aggressive action with regard to these safe havens , and that they 're concerned about the sovereignty results and criticisms of the United States when , in fact , my view is that the terrorists in their country are probably the greatest threat to their sovereignty . " For his part , Mullen , also testifying before Congress this week , said he would n't "  push back " on the challenge of working with Pakistan . "  Some of the criticism is more than warranted . Nobody 's worked that harder than me , very frankly , with the leadership . And it 's a conscious decision , I think , that we have to make . And if we walk away from it , it 's my view it will be a much more dangerous place a decade from now , and we 'll be back . "	Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani faces "  vocal and strident criticism " in Pakistan Adm. Mullen is one of Kayani 's closest professional and personal allies The Pentagon is watching to see what Kayani 's top corps commanders will do
Van , Turkey  CNN  -- The death toll from Wednesday 's 5.6-magnitude earthquake in eastern Turkey has risen to 40 , the government said Sunday . A much deadlier 7.2 magnitude quake that tore through Van last month left 604 people dead , officials said . Twenty-six people have been rescued as a result of Wednesday 's quake . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan visited the Van region Saturday , as a heavy snowstorm hampered rescue efforts . The sleet , snow and plunging temperatures also worsened conditions for hundreds of thousands of earthquake survivors living outdoors . Freezing temperatures were expected to continue Sunday , with a bit of warming ahead Monday and Tuesday . "  It 's not possible for us to survive the winter here . The Van winter is very cold and there 's a lot of snow . Living in these shelters is impossible , " Cezmi Fazla said . He stood outside a small hut his family constructed out of Styrofoam and plywood . The hut was on the road outside Fazla 's house , which was still standing but badly damaged after the earthquakes . Ten to 15 family members slept in the hut every night , including his wife and youngest child , as well as his father and brother . Fazla said he sent his three oldest children to relatives in the western Turkish city of Izmir after the first earthquake "  We have n't gotten any aid , " he said . "  We got a lot of support from the people of Turkey , packages with everything from clothes to toothpaste . But the elected officials , the nongovernmental organizations are not making good use of it and were not good at coordinating those efforts . So people feel very panicked . That 's made a lot of people uncomfortable . " Frustration from earthquake survivors is palpable on the streets of Van , where almost all of the shops are closed after the earthquakes . "  I condemn Tayyip Erdogan , " yelled Muhsin Tarhan , referring to Turkey 's prime minister . He was walking down the street with his wife and six children looking to scavenge plastic and wood to build a shelter . "  We have been buried in the rain , and snow and cold and Recep Tayyip Erdogan does nothing . He only helps those who are supporters of his political party . " There is a deep distrust of the Turkish state among many of Van 's ethnic Kurdish residents . In interviews with CNN , many residents even challenged the government 's 5.6 magnitude rating of Wednesday 's earthquake , claiming it was secretly downgraded , even though the U.S. Geological Survey reported an identical 5.6 magnitude . Southeastern Turkey lies along turbulent geological and ethnic fault lines . For decades , the region has been the main battlefield of a long-running guerrilla war between Kurdish separatist rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party  PKK  and Turkish security forces . On Thursday , tensions boiled over just yards from the rescue operation near the rubble of the Bayram Hotel , when a small crowd of protesters confronted Turkish government officials , demanding the resignation of the Van governor . Turkish riot police armed with clubs and shields later attacked the demonstrators . In remarks to journalists on Friday , Erdogan denounced the demonstrators , calling them saboteurs who were hampering the recovery effort . Journalists were assembled awaiting a press conference with the prime minister . But after Erdogan met with disaster relief officials for more than an hour , the press conference was canceled , without explanation . Two Turkish journalists were among the dead from Wednesday 's quake . Sebahattin Yilmaz and Cem Emir with the DHA news agency had been covering the aftermath of the 7.2 magnitude quake . They were buried in the rubble of the five-story Bayram Hotel , which collapsed on Wednesday . A Japanese volunteer who had traveled to Turkey to assist with recovery operations was among other casualties of the demolished hotel .	26 people have been rescued from Wednesday 's quake A deadlier 7.2 quake last month left 604 people dead "  We have n't gotten any aid , " a father in the stricken region says Riot police battled demonstrators in Van
CNN  -- Who takes the cake : New York or L.A. ? As part of our Destination USA project pitting rival cities against each other , New York beat Los Angeles in our completely unscientific poll , gaining 52 % of the approximately 7,000 votes cast , compared with L.A. 's 48 % . But Angelenos walloped New York in enthusiastic support for their city , sharing our Los Angeles lover 's column on L.A. 's virtues more than 30,000 times on Facebook , compared with 1,400 endorsements for our transplanted New Yorker 's love letter to NYC . And that robust participation from the City of Angels translated into more than 500 reader comments on the Los Angeles story , compared with 150 on the New York installment of the smackdown . We asked iReporters and commenters to share the very best things about their respective cities and why they like them better than any other . Some felt the need to add a little trash talk . You decide if they 're right . Talking a little smack New York inspires people to accomplish great things they could not imagine anywhere else , according to iReporter Mandana Armand of Gramercy Park , in Manhattan . "  That greatness is just around the corner , always in New York . You never know what kind of fortuitous kindling this city will throw at you . " New York is the center of the modern world , claims iReporter Craig Clemens , a former Los Angeles resident . "  Finance , real estate , publishing -- it 's almost too much for an Angeleno to take in . I should know because I used to be one . " Not so , claims L.A. defender cornholio5 . "  L.A. intimidates people because they 're afraid to admit it 's better than where they 're from . In L.A. , we order bagels from people that do n't yell at us . We do n't care if your pizza is better . We like ours , but we like yours , too . We legally smoke weed , we surf , we go to work in flip-flops and we drive Priuses . We work hard , we 're laid back , we eat avocados and we do yoga . We respect N.Y. , and do n't even expect it back . That 's how we roll . " Residents of Los Angeles rave about the good weather , and more . "  Los Angeles has the better weather , the better technology , the car capital of the world , better jobs , better food and better people , " writes another commenter . "  New York City : You pay outrageous rent , and who wants to pay $ 1,000 / month just to park your car ? " Let 's go out and play in New York We admit it , both cities have great places to play , whether you 're splurging or traveling on a budget . New York offers full price theater tickets to "  The Book of Mormon " and discount theater tickets at the TKTS booth . Make reservations to Per Se or Eleven Madison Park for fine dining or grab an affordable  and incredible  burger and cheese fries at Shake Shack in Madison Square Park or "  chicken fried chicken " at Cowgirl in the West Village . iReporter Beth Barret , who grew up on Manhattan 's Upper East Side and lives in Riverdale in the Bronx , offers you her walking tour route , free of charge . "  One of my favorite things to do with friends who visit me is to start walking from the bottom of Manhattan , " she writes . "  We start at the Statue of Liberty , walk north through Battery Park , Wall Street , the South Street Seaport , Chinatown , Little Italy , Tribeca , Soho , Greenwich Village & Chelsea . And that is only day one ! " "  Every nook and cranny of the city exudes its own pleasures , flavors and personality , " claims Barret . "  I honestly do n't think you can ever see it all . From the Edgar Allen Poe cottage in the Bronx to the site of the ... World 's Fair in Queens , there is always something to see that will wow you ! " Head to One World Trade Center , says Charlottesville , Virginia , resident and iReporter Joanne Ciccone , who visits New York regularly to see her son . "  One World Trade Center is at the heart of what this country is about . Like the Phoenix rising from its ashes , NYC is building up from the horrors of 9/11 . This rebuilding of structure and attitude makes NYC the greatest city on Earth . It will not be destroyed in building or beliefs . " Let 's play in L.A. Los Angeles offers everything from swimming and surfing at the beach to skiing in the mountains and camping in the desert . A short drive  traffic permitting  will get you to some of the most beautiful outdoor spots in the world . "  The feeling is laid back while you cruise down Sunset Blvd. and dig on the celebrities , " writes iReporter Allen Mealey . "  Los Angeles is the entertainment capital of the world , from the Hollywood film industry to all of the great concerts and clubs , we beat Manhattan hands down ! And those Hollywood nights , those Hollywood hills . "  With thanks to Bob Seger . DigitalGypsy , who lives in Culver City but also loves Venice , Santa Monica , West Hollywood and Silverlake , never wears anything heavier than a hoodie because the weather is so fabulous . "  It 's definitely the spot to be in for surfing , skateboarding and snowboarding . Life is a little more laid back and you get to enjoy the beauty of nature that surrounds you . " Standouts to commenter Jon : Griffith Observatory , summer movies at Hollywood Forever Cemetery , monthly downtown Art Walk , the Venice Art Walk , The Perch  or any of the downtown rooftop bars  , driving around actual film studios , ChaCha Lounge  hipster bar in Silver Lake  , the Los Angeles County Museum of Art , MOCA  contemporary museum  , Villain 's Tavern and "  hiking up to the Hollywood sign or any of the hundreds of amazing hiking trails all throughout the hills and mountains of the city . " Let 's eat some good food There 's no shortage of advice online or in print on the best cuisine in Los Angeles or New York . Both towns have food critics who have their preferences for high-end , low-end and everything in between -- although only Los Angeles can claim the first winner of a Pulitzer Prize for food criticism in Jonathan Gold , now at the "  Los Angeles Times . " If you 're craving a particular cuisine or need to eat in a particular part of town , plenty of foodie websites can help you out . If you 're talking to residents , make sure they really like food -- because there 's plenty of bad food to be had in both cities . Manhattan resident Mandana Armand loves the 21 Club for the feel of old New York , drinks at the Gansevoort Hotel and the chocolate waterfall brunch at the Waldorf Astoria . For vegetarians and vegans , Armand recommends Pure Food and Wine restaurant . "  It 's a raw food restaurant that delivers the most exquisite flavors imaginable . You will not believe it is raw food . " Former Los Angeles resident and iReporter Anne McCarney has many favorite restaurants and bars to recommend : "  Homegirl Cafe  near downtown  , OB 's Pub & Grill  Manhattan Beach  , Mama D 's Italian  Hermosa or Manhattan Beach  , Cafe Boogaloo  Hermosa Beach  , Shark 's Cove  Manhattan Beach  , Empress Pavilion  Chinatown  , Roscoe 's Chicken & Waffles , In-N-Out , Lotus frozen yogurt  Hermosa Beach  , Sweet Lady Jane 's bakery  Melrose  . " And yes , Mexican food can be found almost anywhere in Los Angeles . However , commenter VikoG suggests visitors move beyond the assumption of Mexican food as beans , rice , tacos , burritos and enchiladas . "  Angelenos know better  and  we take advantage of all the delicious non-Americanized cuisine , especially mariscos , Poblano cusine , Oaxacan cusine and so many more , " he writes . Pitting one city against the other is pointless , say some , like comparing an SUV to a sports car . "  If you want a house with a big yard , pool and palm trees , NYC is not the place for you , " writes commenter Chris Allen , who was raised in Los Angeles and visits New York . "  If you want to live in a high-rise building in a pedestrian-friendly neighborhood where you can take the subway to work , your lifestyle options in L.A. will be rather limited . Both are cool places . " Todra Payne is married to New York City , but it 's not exclusive . "  NYC is home for me , but L.A. is my secret lover , " she writes . "  Ca n't beat the way you can walk Manhattan and meet people along the way , meander in and out of shops , restaurants , etc. . You just ca n't do that in L.A. . But the sunshine , beaches and palm trees and the laid back vibe in L.A. are golden . If there was a way to combine the two , it would be paradise . " Both cities , it seems , are willing to share the people they love with the city on the opposite coast . Next on our smackdown list : Charlotte , North Carolina , home to the 2012 Democratic National Convention , versus Tampa , Florida , home to the 2012 Republican National Convention . How will you vote ? Share your photos and suggestions on iReport.com .	New York City came out on top in our unscientific poll Los Angeles blew New York away in social media support The weather in L.A. and the energy in New York are frequently cited assets
CNN  -- President Obama recently gave a speech urging Congress to raise the minimum wage and announced on Wednesday plans to require employers to pay overtime to more salaried employers . The President is certainly doing the right thing for the American public , especially women . A recent poll conducted by Quinnipiac University shows that women are huge fans of raising the national minimum wage . Seventy-six percent of women and 65 % of men surveyed support it . Minimum wage is poised to be a driving issue this year . Given how it polls among women , Republicans should seize the chance to enact good policy and good politics with a group of voters they 've been alienating . According to a CNN/ORC International Poll , 55 % of Americans say the GOP does n't understand women . That number rises to 59 % among all women and 64 % among women older than 50 . The 2012 election might have been one of the most embarrassing in recent memory for Republicans , who insulted female voters time and again and seemed tone deaf about the challenges that women face . The result is that women ran from the GOP in droves . The bad news for Republicans is that this voting trend wo n't change overnight , not as the "  party of family values " continues to reject any ounce of family-friendly policy that might help women and their families grow and thrive . The GOP 's policies do n't just harken back to the "  Mad Men " era ; Fred Flintstone could be their architect . They do n't really consider women as the powerful economic agents they are . In large numbers , both House and Senate Republicans voted against restoring the rights of women to challenge fair pay practices when they were curtailed by the Supreme Court . Republicans also blocked the Paycheck Fairness Act , which would provide more effective remedies to women who are not being paid equal wages for doing equal work . Equal pay would not only help the families who depend on female breadwinners , but it would also be a boon for the overall economy by adding $ 447.6 billion to the GDP . Failing to raise the minimum wage might be a boondoggle for the current set of Republican lawmakers , in that almost two-thirds of minimum wage earners are women , and women care about this issue deeply . There should be a lot for conservatives to like in raising the minimum wage . Raising the wage to $ 10.10 would save $ 46 billion from the federal coffers in food assistance , an area where Republicans have said they want to find significant savings . That is real savings for those who claim to care about deficits : $ 4.6 billion in the first year alone . Republicans would be smart to leave behind minimum wage deniers like Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee and Rep. Joe Barton of Texas , who have expressed the view that they do n't even think we need a minimum wage . These views are out of the mainstream of the American public and threaten to return the American workforce to the dark ages of employee abuse and mistreatment . The women who earn the minimum wage are not teenagers working the counter at McDonalds ; they are caregivers , child care workers and retail workers . Nearly 80 % of women who earned at or below the minimum wage in 2012 were 20 years old or older , and just less than 40 % were 30 years old or older . Oftentimes , these are women who are the breadwinners or co-breadwinners for their entire families , so adding to their wages could potentially give them additional buying power , which can help lift the economy overall . Instead of agreeing to a media friendly set of promises to try harder to court female candidates , and finding the right female elected members to be the outward face of the party , women want Republicans to dig a little deeper to find the real solutions that would make their lives better . This is n't about using the right buzzwords to not insult women , their bodies , or their place in the family . What would really matter is if Republicans advocated for women where it counts : as breadwinners and drivers of our economic growth . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrea Purse .	President Obama recently urged Congress to raise the national minimum wage Andrea Purse : GOP should support this issue , especially if it wants to attract female voters She says raising minimum wage to $ 10.10 would save $ 46 billion from the federal coffers Purse : Republicans need to see women as breadwinners and drivers of economic growth
Washington  CNN  Call it a brief intermission : There 's a three-week break in the action after a slew of primaries in May and June and a couple big headlines . The major story line so far this election cycle is the ongoing battle that pits mainstream Republicans against tea party groups and anti-establishment organizations . After a few high-profile tea party victories in late May and early June put to bed premature stories of the death of the 5-year-old grass-roots conservative movement , incumbents and establishment candidates ran the table in last week 's contests . Complete coverage : 2014 midterm elections The calendar ahead does n't look as promising for outsiders looking to knock off another incumbent in the remaining primaries in the 18 states yet to vote . "  The primaries produced only a few fights between the tea party and the establishment wing of the GOP because many congressional Republicans took their primaries seriously and kept their votes consistently conservative , " GOP consultant Ron Bonjean told CNN . "  The few primary battles we saw produced victories based on combinations of intensity , fund-raising and motivating voters one way or another , " said Bonjean , who has been a top strategist and adviser to House and Senate Republican leaders . The resounding defeat of House Majority Leader Eric Cantor in his congressional primary in Virginia to a little-known and underfunded anti-establishment candidate rocked the GOP . But two weeks later , the tea party lost out on a golden opportunity to oust a sitting GOP lawmaker when Sen. Thad Cochran of Mississippi edged out state Sen. Chris McDaniel in a primary runoff . McDaniel , who enjoyed strong support from tea party and anti-establishment groups , narrowly edged out Cochran in the June 3 primary , but with neither man cracking 50 %  there was a third Republican candidate on the ballot who grabbed 1.5 % of the vote  , the contest moved to last week 's runoff , which Cochran won by fewer than 7,000 votes . Would Cochran 's strategy work elsewhere ? The senator 's victory was aided by votes from African-American Democrats , who were courted during the runoff campaign by pro-Cochran forces . But McDaniel alleges his team has found voting irregularities and is not conceding . "  Interpreting the Cochran win as some kind of 'Em pire Strikes Back ' moment is an overreach , " Republican communications strategist Keith Appell told CNN . "  Republican leaders and their establishment backers dodged a bullet in Mississippi , but there is still a deep and active discontent among the grass roots , and it will only continue to manifest until the leadership reconnects with its base . Anyone who seriously thinks otherwise is delusional , " said Appell , a senior vice president at CRC Public Relations , a Washington public relations firm that has had many conservative clients . Some victories but a lot of defeats Anti-establishment forces have scored some victories this season . They knocked off another GOP incumbent , 91-year-old Rep. Ralph Hall of Texas , who lost his congressional primary runoff last month to a tea party-backed candidate . And in May , tea party-backed Ben Sasse came out on top in Nebraska 's GOP Senate primary . The same night conservative Alex Mooney , who was supported by anti-establishment groups , won the GOP contest in West Virginia 's 2nd Congressional District . But those were the major highlights for the tea party in a year when mainstream Republicans have enjoyed most of the victories . Primary challenges from the right shook up the Republican Party in the last two election cycles . But they have also hurt the party 's chances of winning back control of the Senate from Democrats , effectively costing the GOP five potentially winnable elections since 2010 . So what 's happening this cycle ? "  Establishment Republicans and incumbents have learned to run against tea party-backed candidates , " said Jennifer Duffy , senior editor for the nonpartisan Cook Political Report , a top campaign handicapper . And outside help is making a difference . "  I think the Republican establishment is fighting back more than in previous cycles . There is more organization and involvement from outside groups in some of these primaries , " said Nathan Gonzales , deputy editor of the nonpartisan Rothenberg Political Report . "  I think in the past it was too often an incumbent running against an anti-establishment challenger and a host of outside groups , " Inside Politics : The Chamber of Commerce 's next target The battles ahead Anti-establishment forces still have an outside chance to score an upset in Tennessee and Kansas in early August . "  For those folks who are looking to knock off a Republican senator in a primary this cycle , the opportunities are down to Tennessee and Kansas , " Gonzales said . "  There is still some time for those races to develop , but they will both take work to get the challenger campaigns to the same level as Chris McDaniel in Mississippi . " Two-term Sen. Lamar Alexander of Tennessee is an inviting target . He 's known as a lawmaker willing to work with Democrats to broker bipartisan deals . He 's facing off against a bunch of primary challengers . The one with the best shot of toppling Alexander appears to be state lawmaker Joe Carr . "  Make no mistake about it -- the fight that Chris McDaniel started in Mississippi will continue here in Tennessee , " Carr said after the Mississippi runoff . But unlike McDaniel , polls indicate Carr 's the distinct underdog to Alexander . In Kansas , Sen. Pat Roberts is seeking a fourth term in office . Milton Wolf -- a second cousin  once removed  of President Barack Obama -- touts himself as a conservative activist with the guts to stand up to the GOP establishment . Wolf 's campaign has tried to portray Roberts as more about Washington than Kansas , pointing to reports this year that the senator listed his voting address at the home of two longtime political supporters who rent out a room to him . Roberts owns a rental property in his hometown of Dodge City and a home in the Washington suburbs , where he spends much of his time . But Wolf , a radiologist , came under attack over old Facebook postings in which he exposed private patient X-rays and other personal information -- poking fun at the dead or wounded . Wolf was forced to admit he made "  insensitive " comments . Like Carr , polls indicate Wolf trails far behind Roberts . But Sal Russo , chief strategist for the Tea Party Express , a national tea party group that backs Wolf , told CNN that the challenger is "  able to bring a lot of excitement and enthusiasm among the grass roots . And that 's the problem Roberts has . He lives in Washington . He 's pretty much out of touch with the people of Kansas . So I think that that frustration with Washington has manifested itself in growing support for Milton Wolf . " Winning by losing ? The next high-profile primary is Georgia 's GOP Senate runoff on July 22 , but the tea party does n't appear to be much of a factor there . Businessman David Perdue and Rep. Jack Kingston advanced to a runoff , but the three more conservative candidates did n't . But regardless of the outcome of the primary contests , tea party leaders said they 've changed the conversation in Washington . "  The tea party is winning by losing in the sense that you do n't see any Republicans saying , ` Let 's pass immigration reform that gives a path to citizenship . Let 's make it easier for the President to raise the debt ceiling . ' Almost all Republicans have shifted right , " said John King , CNN 's chief national correspondent . Another strategist said this year 's contests are n't the final chapter in the struggle between the grass roots and the establishment . "  The party remains deeply divided , and both sides have the resources and commitment needed to take the fight into 2015 and 2016 , " wrote Stuart Rothenberg , editor and publisher of the Rothenberg Political Report . "  The war is likely to get messier and the division more consequential before the two sides look for ways to bridge their differences . That should please Democrats . " What does that mean for November ? The candidates who emerge from this year 's primaries could have an immediate impact come November . Democrats have a 55-45 majority in the Senate  53 Democrats and two independents who caucus with the party  . But in the midterm elections , the party is defending 21 of the 36 seats up for grabs , with half of those Democratic-held seats in red or purple states . In the House , the Democrats need to pick up a challenging 17 Republican-held seats to win back the majority from the GOP . "  We learned that Republicans across the board have picked highly electable candidates and have improved their chances of taking over the Senate , " said Bonjean , the GOP consultant . But Democrats disagree , and say that even though mainstream Republicans are winning in the primaries , those candidates are moving further to the right to secure victories , which will likely hurt them when they face a more moderate general election electorate in November .	Outsiders vs. insiders is the dominant story line in GOP primaries so far After knocking off Eric Cantor , insurgents thought they had a sure win in Mississippi Two more Republican Senate incumbents face challengers but hold lead in polls Establishment Republicans fear a tilt too far right may hurt party in November
Dr. Kent Brantly answered a calling . That 's what friends and colleagues say about the man who garnered national headlines when he became the first known Ebola hemorrhagic fever patient in the United States . Brantly , 33 , arrived Saturday in Atlanta from Liberia , where he and another American missionary worker contracted the deadly virus while caring for Ebola patients . From an early age , Brantly was driven by his faith in God to make a difference , friends and former colleagues said . He took mission trips to Uganda , Honduras , Nicaragua , Tanzania and Haiti , they said . "  He intended to be a missionary before he became a doctor , " friend Kent Smith , an elder at Southside Church of Christ in Fort Worth , Texas , told CNN . "  Eventually , he decided medical mission is what he wanted to do . " Brantly went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship through Samaritan 's Purse post-residency program . He was there initially to practice general medicine . But when the Ebola outbreak began , he took on the role of medical director for the Samaritan 's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia . It 's there that he tested positive for the virus , according to the evangelical Christian relief charity . There is no known cure or vaccine for Ebola , and it has a mortality rate of up to 90 % . iReport : Ebola patient arrives Brantly is in an isolation ward at Emory University Hospital , near the headquarters for the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Doctor put sick patients first The news Brantly contracted Ebola has prompted many to ask why would he put himself at risk . The answer might be difficult for some to understand , his former college and medical school professor wrote in an op-ed published this week in The Indianapolis Star . "  Simply put , he would say that he had been called to care for the patients in Liberia , " Richard Gunderman wrote in the newspaper . Brantly went to Liberia with his wife and two children last year to serve a two-year fellowship through Samaritan 's Purse post-residency program . Brantly was there initially to practice general medicine . But when the Ebola outbreak began , he took on the role of medical director for the Samaritan 's Purse Ebola Consolidated Case Management Center in Monrovia . It 's there that he tested positive for the virus , according to the evangelical Christian charity . None of it has been surprising to Smith , who first met Brantly five years ago at church . "  When he first started coming to our church , he and his wife made it clear ... they were committed to medical missions , " he said . Before heading to Liberia in October 2013 , Brantly did his residency at John Peter Smith Hospital in Fort Worth . ` What do I bring to the table ? ' "  We 're kind of proud that there was a hero out there trying to do his best to make life better for other folks under the circumstances , " a physician who knows him , Dr. Paul Pepe of Dallas ' UT Southwestern Medical Center , told CNN affiliate WFAA this week . Brantly attended high school in Indianapolis before graduating from Abilene Christian University  Texas  in 2003 and Indiana University 's medical school in 2009 . While at Abilene Christian , he spent a summer interning overseas with a program focused on vocational missions experiences , ACU 's online alumni magazine reported . "  Everyone here who has been connected with Kent knows him to be someone who is very compassionate , considerate and always upbeat in all he does , " the program 's director , Dr. Gary Green , told the magazine . " ... Kent 's the kind of guy who would weigh benefits versus risk , then try to take himself out of the equation so that he would be thinking , ` What do I bring to the table ? Is the risk worth taking because I can benefit so many people ? ' " It perhaps may explain why when only one dose of an experimental serum to treat Ebola was made available this week in Liberia that Brantly turned it down and asked that it be given to his colleague . "  I would have been surprised if he had not done that , " Smith said . In an e-mail this week from Monrovia , Brantly told a fellow doctor at John Peter Smith Hospital that he is "  terrified , " according to The Indianapolis Star . "  I 'm praying fervently that God will help me survive this disease , " Brantly said in an e-mail to Dr. David McRay , the newspaper reported . Though Brantly 's wife and children had been in Liberia with him , they were in the United States when he became ill . "  Many people have been asking how I am doing , " Amber Brantly said in a statement released earlier this week . "  The children and I are physically fine . " The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said neither Brantly 's wife or his children are symptomatic . Brantly 's wife , parents and sister cried when they saw him on CNN , walking from the ambulance into the hospital , a family representative said on condition of anonymity . His wife , Amber , later said she was relieved that her husband was back in the United States . "  I spoke with him , and he is glad to be back in the U.S. , " she said in statement sent to CNN . "  I am thankful to God for his safe transport and for giving him the strength to walk into the hospital . " Brantly 's wife visited with him from behind a glass wall for about 45 minutes , the family representative said . Kent Brantly was described as being "  in great spirits and so grateful . "	Report : "  I 'm praying fervently that God will help me survive , " the doctor writes Dr. Kent Brantly , 33 , was diagnosed with Ebola hemorrhagic fever He was working at an Ebola treatment center in Liberia when he was diagnosed Brantly 's wife and children show no symptoms of Ebola , the CDC says
Health.com  -- Men in their 70s and 80s may be more likely than women of the same age to develop the memory loss and cognitive problems that often herald Alzheimer 's disease , a new study has found . In the study , which appears in the journal Neurology , Mayo Clinic researchers examined 1,450 elderly people in Minnesota every 15 months for an average of three and a half years . During that time , 7.2 % of the men and 5.7 % of the women developed the mental-function problems known as mild cognitive impairment  MCI  , with or without any accompanying memory loss . The findings surprised the researchers because previous studies have suggested that more women than men ultimately go on to develop Alzheimer 's and other forms of full-blown dementia . The fact that men appear to have higher rates of MCI but lower rates of dementia may hold important clues for preventing or delaying cognitive decline , the researchers suggest . Health.com : 25 signs and symptoms of Alzheimer 's disease The lead author of the study , Rosebud Roberts , a professor of epidemiology at the Mayo Clinic , in Rochester , Minnesota , says that women with MCI may progress to dementia faster than men , causing them to be under-counted during the MCI phase . But sex-related differences in physiology and brain function may also play a role . MCI is n't necessarily a permanent condition . Roughly one-third of the study participants who received an MCI diagnosis following a battery of tests and interviews subsequently improved to the point that they no longer met the diagnostic criteria at a later checkup . This so-called reversion to normal , which has been seen in other studies , may indicate that in some cases the brain actually repairs some of the damage it incurs -- and this may be where sex differences come into play , says Kenneth Rockwood , M.D. , a professor of geriatric medicine at Dalhousie University , in Halifax , Nova Scotia . Health.com : 7 ways to protect your memory Physical activity , for instance , is believed to benefit men differently than women , says Rockwood , who wrote an editorial accompanying the study but was not involved in the new research . In women , exercise appears to be more likely to prolong life , he says , while in men it 's more likely to improve brain function . "  We might be seeing the cognitive benefits of exercise in men " in the study findings , Rockwood says . "  Women who exercise also get some cognitive benefit , but they appear to get a greater survival benefit . " The findings suggest also that men may be more vulnerable than women to certain risk factors for MCI , says Rhonna Shatz , D.O. , director of behavioral neurology at the Henry Ford Health System , in Detroit . Health.com : Memory , mental function begin slipping as early as age 45 High blood pressure , obesity , diabetes , and other known -- and treatable -- risk factors for MCI and dementia tend to be more common in men , which may explain the higher rate of MCI , Shatz says . "  What -LSB- the study -RSB- tells us is that , particularly in men , there are probably a whole set of factors that we have to consider as particular to their gender or lifestyle , or both , that are impacting them a lot earlier , " Shatz says . "  We need to take a step back and ask if we are really doing the job we need to control the things we know are modifiable . " Although Roberts and her colleagues did n't investigate risk factors such as high blood pressure , they did take into account other factors that have been shown to affect MCI risk , such as age , educational attainment , and marital status .  People with more education and people who were married had lower rates of MCI than the other study participants -- a pattern that has been observed in previous studies . Health.com : Staying healthy from head to toe may help ward off dementia Incorporating these factors into the data helped the researchers rule out the possibility that sex disparities in MCI and dementia rates are due merely to the fact that women tend to live longer , and are therefore more likely than men to live long enough to develop dementia . More research will be needed to confirm the findings , however . Although the new study was thorough and well designed , Shatz says , the definition of MCI remains open to interpretation . A particular doctor or nurse may be more likely to arrive at an MCI diagnosis than another health professional looking at the same patient , which makes it difficult to draw broad conclusions about the prevalence of the condition . "  We do n't have good standard markers of what MCI is , " Shatz says . Copyright Health Magazine 2011	During study 7.2 % of men and 5.7 % of women developed mild cognitive impairment Men appear to have higher rates of MCI but lower rates of dementia Lead author says sex-related differences in physiology and brain function may play a role
CNN  Three U.S. Navy sailors were assaulted and had bags placed over their heads during a stop in Istanbul , Turkey , according to U.S. military officials . The incident , captured on video , happened Wednesday when sailors from the USS Ross were attacked by members of the Turkish Youth Union , according to local Turkish press accounts . "  US Navy officials are working with the embassy and NCIS to investigate the incident . The three sailors were unharmed and are safely back aboard . They did not require medical attention , " Capt. Greg Hicks , a spokesman with U.S. European Command told CNN . The assailants appeared to be neo-nationalists shouting slogans like "  Yankee Go Home , " according to local press accounts . They did not appear to be tied to ISIS , which is based in neighboring Syria . "  The incident does not reflect the hospitality nor the welcome reception our ships receive in port in Turkey , " Hicks went on to say , and added that leave for sailors from the ship was canceled for the remainder of the day . The U.S. Embassy in Ankara condemned the attack through its official Twitter feed . ` We condemn today 's attack in Istanbul , and have no doubt the vast majority of Turks would join us in rejecting an action that so disrespects Turkey 's reputation for hospitality . " CNN 's Samira Said and Hande Atay contributed to this report .	Members of the Turkish Youth Union attack sailors from USS Ross , reports say Bags placed over sailors ' heads during a stop in Istanbul , U.S. military officials say "  The three sailors were unharmed and are safely back aboard , " spokesman says
CNN  -- It apparently took him a few days to realize it , but California resident Steve Tran is one of the two winners of the second-largest jackpot in U.S. history , lottery officials said Friday . Tran , a delivery driver from Northern California , came forward Thursday to claim his half of last month 's $ 648 million Mega Millions jackpot , after spending nearly two weeks oblivious to his win , the California Lottery said . Tran still has 60 days to decide how to take his prize , the lottery said . He can choose either to receive his half in annuity payments over 30 years , or take his share of the lump-sum cash option , valued at $ 173.8 million before taxes , it said . Georgia resident Ira Curry , 56 , was the other winner . Curry , who claimed her prize a day after the December 17 drawing , took the $ 173.8 million lump-sum option , which will net her about $ 120 million after federal and Georgia taxes . Lottery winner gives $ 40 million jackpot to charity Tran , who declined to speak to reporters but told his story to lottery officials , bought his winning ticket at a San Jose gift shop and put it in a pile of other lottery tickets that he bought in other towns while making runs as a delivery driver , the lottery said . It was n't until Monday , after taking a vacation with his family , that he remembered to check his ticket , he said . "  I woke up in the middle of the night . I remembered , ' I think I went to San Jose , ' " he said , according to the lottery . The winning numbers were 8 , 14 , 17 , 20 and 39 , with a Mega ball of 7 . For New York lottery winner , $ 1 million was blowing in the wind Opinion : The big swindle - in lotteries , the poor are the biggest losers CNN 's Cristy Lenz contributed to this report .	Steve Tran claims his half of $ 648 million Mega Millions jackpot Tran tells lottery officials he did n't realize he won until Monday -- 13 days after drawing Jackpot was second-largest in U.S. lottery history Georgia woman claimed other half last month
CNN  -- What is it like to be thrown behind bars when you 're 16 and told you 'll languish there for the rest of your life , all for a crime you adamantly maintain you did n't commit ? Louis Taylor knows . He was convicted of arson in a fire that killed 29 people . But forensic experts now say they can no longer determine whether someone set the hotel fire on that cool winter day in 1970 . And on Tuesday , in a Tucson , Arizona , courtroom , he pleaded no contest to the charges in a new hearing and was sentenced to time served -- almost 43 years . Taylor , now 59 with a shaved head , stood quietly during Tuesday 's proceedings . But the son of one of the victims of the disastrous blaze at the Pioneer Hotel left him with a warning . "  I harbor no feelings of ill will or vengeance against you , for my father is now gone and nothing can ever be done to change that fact , " Paul D'hedouville II said . "  Do as you choose , Mr. Taylor , but choose wisely and do not waste your new beginning at life . The eyes of this courtroom and those beyond these walls , in mind and spirit , will be watching you . " Taylor spoke briefly to reporters after he traded his orange prison garb for a T-shirt and slacks and walked out of prison , saying , "  It feels good to feel Mother Earth beneath my feet -- free Mother Earth . " "  It 's a tale of two tragedies -- the Pioneer Hotel fire , and me getting convicted for it , " he said . A vintage landmark burns The Pioneer Hotel , built in 1929 , was renowned for its gracious ballroom . At 11 floors , it was a protruding gem in downtown Tucson 's skyline at the time . On December 20 , 1970 , the vintage hotel was filled with guests , and hundreds more were reveling in holiday cheer at a corporate Christmas party . Just after midnight , a blaze broke out . The landmark building 's firefighting measures were badly out of date , and the Pioneer quickly transformed into an inferno . A morbid spectacle of human tragedy unfolded . Twenty-eight people died from smoke inhalation , burns , or , in some cases , when they jumped out of windows to escape . The fire wiped out whole families . Jake Crellin was the first journalist on the scene . "  I still have flashbacks from time to time from some of the stuff I saw , flashbacks of people jumping out of windows to their death , " said the former news director of CNN affiliate KVOA . He avoided looking at the scene with the naked eye , gazing instead through the viewfinder of a camera . "  It helped make it a little easier to watch , " he told the affiliate . A crowd of bystanders gathered and looked on in horror . Some hotel guests were able to knot bed sheets together to make ropes and rappel to safety . It was one of the deadliest tragedies in Tucson 's history . A quick arrest Within hours , police arrested a teenage boy , court documents said . It was Louis Taylor , who had been inside the hotel . He was n't a guest and did not work there . And he had books of matches in his pocket . During police interrogations , the juvenile claimed to have seen someone set the fire . This was before anyone had suspected arson . But the young man changed his story multiple times . It made officers suspicious : Maybe it was arson ; maybe it was Taylor who started the fire . Criminal witnesses Journalist Crellin and KVOA kept up with the case . Taylor told him that "  he had some very tough interviews with the police . " He was innocent , he said , a stance he has always maintained . In an interview on the 25th anniversary of the fire , he told the broadcaster that the fire never goes out of his head . "  I think about it all the time , because I know in my heart and God knows that they got the wrong person . I was at the wrong place at the wrong time . " Prosecutors called two witnesses who were in juvenile detention with Taylor . They told the court that Taylor confessed to the crime to them behind bars . Later , one of the boys said he had been coerced into his testimony and that it was false , according to court documents . Experts for the prosecution and the defense testified that the fire , in their opinion , was caused by arson , though the details of their explanations differed . In the end , Taylor was convicted of 28 counts of felony murder . Judge Charles Hardy , who presided over the case , told Taylor that he did n't believe he meant to hurt anyone . But the punishment was stiff : "  the rest of his natural life in prison , " a sentence that at the time did not officially exist in the state of Arizona , a court document said . In hindsight Decades later , people involved in the conviction and sentencing began to feel bad about the case . The CBS investigative magazine "  60 Minutes " took up the case . The judge told the program that , looking back , he would not have voted to convict . The evidence , he said , was not strong enough . And if the then-teenager did set the fire , it was not Taylor 's fault that the hotel was poorly suited to deal with any kind of fire . Lawyers from the Arizona Justice Project got involved . The non-profit reviews cases it feels do n't live up to just legal standards . "  It is our mission to help assure that Arizona 's prisons are not housing those actually innocent of crime or otherwise victims of manifest injustice , " reads the mission statement on its website . The lawyers encouraged the state to review the arson testimony in the original trial based on modern methods . Two review committees determined that there is no longer enough evidence available to tell whether arson was in play . They said that the experts in the original trial "  used methods no longer valid in the science of today . " One of the original trial experts , Cy Holmes , still a fire investigator four decades later , still stands by his testimony today , a court memorandum filed Monday said . But his testimony ca n't pin it on Taylor . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It feels good to feel Mother Earth beneath my feet , " Louis Taylor says The Pioneer Hotel in Tucson , Arizona , caught fire in 1970 , killing 29 Taylor , then 16 , was quickly arrested and convicted of arson Modern experts have called the evidence into question
Gaza City  CNN  -- A brief respite from the violence in Gaza appeared imminent Wednesday after both sides agreed to a U.N-requested temporary cease-fire . "  Factions of the resistance have agreed to accept the offer of the UN regarding a ` field calm ' for 5 hours from 10 AM until 3 PM  local time  Thursday for humanitarian needs , " Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zhuri said in a text message . Israel had already accepted the proposal ; however , the military warned it would not sit idle if attacked . "  Should the humanitarian window be exploited by Hamas or other terror organizations for the purpose of launching attacks against Israeli civilian or military targets the IDF will respond firmly and decisively , " the Israel Defense Forces said in a statement . An effort to permanently stop the killing stalled Tuesday when Israel resumed airstrikes following a brief , one-sided cease-fire brokered by Egypt . While Israel paused for six hours , Hamas leaders rejected the deal and continued firing rockets . They said they had not been consulted , and complained the deal did not address their demands for greater freedom for Gaza 's 1.8 million residents . "  The initiative is no longer acceptable , and there is no basis for the continuation of this initiative , " Hamas spokesman Zhuri had told CNN . Children on beach killed Anger is rising over civilian deaths -- including those of four children killed while playing on the beach . The boys , ages 9 to 11 , died Wednesday when a shell from an Israeli gunship exploded near them at the Al-Shati refugee camp in northern Gaza , according to Palestinian officials . An Israeli official said the shelling was another example of Hamas using civilians as human shields -- intimating that the boys had been left to play near a rocket launcher . "  What they are deliberately doing is seeking to kill as many Palestinians as possible in order to yell to the world to , ` Help us , ' " Israeli Cabinet member Naftali Bennett told CNN . "  This is cynical and this is cowardly . " A Hamas official , however , called the shelling by an Israeli gunship a "  massacre " and a "  war crime " and demanded U.N. action . "  Those children were not firing rockets , they were just playing , " Hamas spokesman Zhuri told reporters . Israel 's military said it was aware of the report and was investigating . The military , spokesman Brig. Gen. Moti Almoz said , never intentionally targets civilians . "  Based on preliminary results , the target of this strike was Hamas terrorist operatives . The reported civilian causalities from this strike are a tragic outcome , " the IDF said in a statement . "  We 're checking it out because we do n't target civilians . We do n't target children . There 's obviously been a mistake , " Israeli government spokesman Mark Regev told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " The incident inflamed already raw emotions over civilian deaths in Gaza , where at least 221 Palestinians have died and close to 1,600 have been injured since Israel began its anti-Hamas military operation July 7 , according to Palestinian health officials . The one fatality on the Israeli side so far occurred Monday when a mortar shell hit a man at the Erez border crossing , Israeli Rescue Services said . Rejection of Egyptian efforts Also Wednesday , Hamas declined to join talks in Cairo between Egyptian President Abdel Fattah el-Sisi and Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas . Like Israel , Egypt considers Hamas a terror organization because of the group 's roots in the Muslim Brotherhood , which Egypt 's military-led government banned after the country 's 2013 coup . Hamas officials said they are not opposed to a cease-fire , but want to see a broad agreement that would , among other things , end restrictions on border crossings that they say are choking the life out of Gaza 's 1.8 million residents . "  I think what they want is to see a cease-fire agreement that addresses the real problems that they face and the system of violence that is this siege , that is the occupation , so that it can be a genuine cease-fire agreement that brings an end to hostilities , not just from one side , " Yousef Munayyer , executive director of the Palestine Center , a pro-Palestinian think tank , told CNN 's "  New Day . " But Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said that Hamas had brought the continued Israeli operation on itself after rejecting the Egyptian-brokered cease-fire . "  We held our fire for six hours and during that time , Hamas continued to barrage our cities with rockets , " Netanyahu said . "  Hamas thus shut the door to a diplomatic solution , and it therefore bears sole the responsibility for the continuation of the violence . " Former Palestinian Authority Foreign Minister Nabil Shaath said Hamas has legitimate complaints about how Israel has implemented past accords . "  Gaza is still fully under siege . And none of the agreements that have been signed before have been implemented , " he told CNN 's Blitzer . "  But we think this is something that can be discussed later . What we should do now is proceed to an immediate stop of the Israeli attack on Gaza and , therefore , an immediate cease-fire . And we are working very hard to make that happen as soon as possible . " ` We are in jail here ' Both Palestinians and Israelis say they are living in fear . "  We are forced to live in this , and there is nothing for us to do , " said Abu Musbah , a , 21-year-old member of Islamic Jihad , one of the groups that is firing rockets at Israel . "  The children are scared , but we struggle to continue our lives . " The Shuja'iya neighborhood of Gaza City , where Musbah lives , was like a ghost town Wednesday . Many people had fled during the night . At the Al-Shati camp , 65-year-old Abu Ashraf said , "  We are in jail here , big jail . " In the Israeli city of Ashkelon , less than 15 kilometers  less 10 miles  from the Gaza border , people live under the constant threat of rocket fire . "  It 's a difficult situation , " said Merav Danieli , a resident of the city . "  I know that Gaza has a difficult situation also . We feel for them , we feel for them . But you ca n't live in your own country and someone will bomb you all the time , it 's not a normal situation . " Gaza crisis : Who 's who in Hamas People on both sides of the conflict "  deserve to live in peace and security , free from fear , " President Barack Obama told reporters Wednesday . He said the United States will continue to encourage diplomatic efforts to reach a cease-fire . ` Failure is not an option ' The failed cease-fire took shape after a secret telephone call between Egypt 's al-Sisi and Netanyahu coordinated by U.N. Middle East peace envoy Tony Blair , the Israeli newspaper Haaretz reported Wednesday , citing unnamed diplomatic sources . The Egyptian plan calls for all sides to cease hostilities in Gaza , the opening of border crossings and for high-level talks among those involved . The deal was "  prepared hastily " without consulting all the parties involved , most notably Hamas , Haaretz reported , citing Western and Israeli diplomatic sources . The effort to find a new path to a cease-fire is a "  must for all of us , " said Saeb Erakat , chief negotiator for the Palestinian Authority . "  Failure is not an option here , " he said . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said the immediate need is to find a way to stop the violence . "  Our concern is to have a legitimate cease-fire and see if we can find a way to stop the conflict killing so we can get to the real issues that are underlying it , " he said . "  And we 're doing everything in our power . " Israeli military 's ` knock on roof ' warnings criticized by rights groups War-scarred Gaza medical crews also in harm 's way Opinion : A smart way out of the Gaza confrontation CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Ian Lee reported from Gaza City , and Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Elwazer Schams , Samira Said , Michael Schwartz , Mohammed Tawfeeq , Salma Abdelaziz , Ali Younes , Elise Labott and Jethro Mullen also contributed to this report .	NEW : The proposed period of calm is expected to last five hours Thursday Deaths of four children in Gaza camp a "  war crime , " Hamas official says Israeli officials say they 're investigating , but never intentionally target civilians
CNN  -- Have you been wondering why Manitowoc , Wisconsin , is the first stop for President Barack Obama after his State of the Union address ? Could be that he wants to continue his conversation with American families about rebuilding the nation 's economy . Or that he wants to lift Democratic blues that Wisconsin will turn red in the next election . Nah . Any true space cadet will tell you that Manitowoc was chosen for its "  Sputnik moment . " In his speech Tuesday night , Obama spoke of this generation 's Sputnik moment , challenging America to take the next innovative leap forward . Where else to launch that new course of direction but in the tiny Lake Michigan town that 's best known for its own Sputnik moment . And it was a whopper . On September 6 , 1962 -- when Obama was but a mere lad , John F. Kennedy occupied the White House and the Cold War was raging -- a 20-pound hunk of smoldering metal fell from the sky and crashed in the middle of Manitowoc 's Eighth Street . Turns out it was a piece of the Soviet satellite Sputnik IV . The Sputnik moment that Obama referenced happened when the Soviet Union launched the first-man made object into space -- Sputnik I in 1957 -- shocking the United States into a technological boom . Sputnik IV came five years later . It burned up in the atmosphere and ended up linking Manitowoc to Sputnik in a way no other American town is . Two Manitowoc police officers noticed what looked like a piece of cardboard lying in the street , according to the Rahr-West Art Museum , which sponsors a Sputnik festival in Manitowoc every year . They approached the glowing object and kicked it to the curb , thinking it was a piece of slag from a local foundry . Wrong ! After they heard about Sputnik IV breaking up in space , they realized what they had stumbled upon and rushed back to retrieve it from the gutter . It was sent to the Smithsonian Institution for analysis and was confirmed as a piece of the Soviet satellite . The Soviets eventually reclaimed their precious chunk . But Manitowoc was forever etched into the history of space exploration , a fact that is now celebrated each year with Sputnikfest . "  48 years later . ... It 's wacky ! It 's tacky ! It 's time to celebrate with Sputnikfest ! " says the festival 's website . "  Be hokey , fun , and ridiculous ! " Elaine Schroeder , a Rahr-West Art Museum staffer , said she watched Obama 's speech Tuesday night and after he spoke of the Sputnik moment , she wondered : Is this why he 's coming to my town ? "  Oh my gosh , " she said to herself . "  I wonder if he knows we have a  Sputnik  replica here . " No matter , Schroeder said , Obama 's visit to Manitowoc is sure to be cosmic .	A chunk of Sputnik IV fell from the sky in Manitowoc , Wisconsin The president visits the town Wednesday after speaking of the nation 's ` Sputnik moment ' The town even has an annual Sputnik festival
CNN  -- Tiger Woods ' return to golf proved to be short-lived when the former world No. 1 pulled out of the prestigious Players Championship after only nine holes of Thursday 's opening round . The American was making his comeback after suffering knee and Achilles injuries during the Masters at Augusta last month , but those problems recurred from his first shot at Sawgrass . The 35-year-old , trying to win his first tournament since the scandal over his extra-marital affairs broke in late 2009 , sent his tee drive wide of the fairway and bogeyed the hole . He dropped three more shots at the fourth hole and another at the fifth , and walked off the course in Florida 's Ponte Vedra Beach after a bogey at nine left him six over the card . Injured Woods faces ` weeks ' on sidelines "  The knee acted up and then the Achilles followed after that and then the calf started cramping up . Everything started getting tight , so it 's just a whole chain reaction , " Woods told the PGA Tour 's website . "  This morning I felt fine during the warm-up , and then as I played , it progressively got worse . " Woods had been confident after playing nine holes on Tuesday , his first on-course action since finishing fourth at Augusta . "  Oh yeah , the knee is much better , no doubt . The Achilles is better as well . So I 'm here playing , " he said after that practice effort . Woods also pulled out of the $ 9.5 million tournament last year in the final round , due to a neck injury . He won it for the first and only time in 2001 . The Players Championship is the most lucrative on the PGA Tour and is often referred to as golf 's "  fifth major " outside the Masters , the U.S. and British Opens and the PGA Championship . The continuing injury problems mean Woods is battling to be fit for the second major this season , the U.S. Open at Congressional Country Club in Maryland from June 13-19 . He has been revamping his swing under the tutelage of coach Sean Foley , but is still having problems with the same left knee that required surgery after he seriously injured it during his triumph at the 2008 U.S. Open . Meanwhile , Nick Watney claimed a one-shot lead at the Players Championship , shooting eight-under-par 64 in his opening round on Thursday . The 30-year-old American , seeking his second title this year and fourth PGA success overall , birdied his first three holes after starting at the 10th tee then gave back two shots at the par-four 14th . He immediately bounced back with another birdie , then an eagle three at the second preceded a run of four birdies in five holes before he bogeyed at his penultimate green . However , his ninth birdie at the last gave Watney a slim advantage over compatriot Lucas Glover , who won the Wells Fargo Championship at Quail Hollow on Sunday . Veteran Mark O'Meara shared third place with fellow American David Toms after both shot 66 , while world No. 2 Martin Kaymer was tied for fifth on 67 with U.S. Open champion Graeme McDowell , South Africa 's Rory Sabbatini and Sweden 's Fredrik Jacobson . World No. 3 Luke Donald was in a big group tied for 13th on 69 , while fourth-ranked Phil Mickelson was back in 44th after a 71 .	Tiger Woods withdraws from Players Championship after only nine holes Former world No. 1 was six shots over the card after struggling from his opening shot American had returned to action for the first time since the Masters early last month He has problems with same left knee that required major surgery in 2008
CNN  An Arizona prison teacher who said she was raped by an inmate is at the center of a legal controversy in which the state is accused of trying to dismiss her negligence lawsuit on the grounds of "  it 's a prison , this will happen , " her attorney contends . That claim , by attorney Scott Zwillinger , also was made Tuesday by an Arizona newspaper columnist , who criticized the Arizona Attorney General 's Office . "  The AG 's reasoning is essentially this : The woman knew she was in a prison , so what did she expect ? " wrote Laurie Roberts in The Arizona Republic . "  No , seriously . That 's the reasoning . " On Tuesday , Arizona Attorney General Mark Brnovich , a former prosecutor , disputed those characterizations . "  Our office was disappointed to see a misleading opinion piece that was recently published regarding the brutal assault of a Department of Corrections employee that occurred in January 2014 , " a statement released by his office said . "  The Attorney General 's Office is taking affirmative steps to make sure that justice is served for the victim of this heinous crime . We would ask all parties to respect the integrity of the legal process . " A federal judge on Monday heard arguments from the teacher 's attorneys and the Attorney General 's Office on the state 's request to dismiss the teacher 's lawsuit . On Thursday , U.S. District Judge Susan R. Bolton rejected the defendants ' motion to dismiss the case , saying the suit "  contains sufficient allegations " against each state defendant . The judge noted the suit "  sufficiently alleges facts that plausibly suggest " that Warden Ron Credio , Deputy Warden Edwin Lao and two supervisors "  acted with deliberate indifference to the dangerous situation in which Plaintiff was placed , " the ruling said . The controversy focuses on statements that Assistant Attorney General Jonathan Weisbard wrote in a December 19 motion to dismiss the teacher 's lawsuit against the state , the warden of the Arizona State Prison Complex -- Eyman , and other prison personnel . The instructor who said she was raped was assigned to teach in a medium-security unit that houses sex offenders and special needs prisoners , including those who are mentally ill , disabled and in need of protective custody , court papers said . The teacher is an Arizona Department of Corrections "  employee who routinely worked at the prison complex , " Weisbard wrote . "  By being placed in a classroom at the complex , the officers were not placing Plaintiff in any type of situation that she would not normally face . The risk of harm , including assault , always existed at a prison like Eyman . " Weisbard 's motion also said the teacher 's suit "  does not even specifically allege that any of the individual defendants was responsible for assigning Plaintiff to utilize classroom 2 in the Meadows Unit , " where the alleged rape occurred . The teacher has been distressed by the state 's effort to dismiss her case , according to Zwillinger , her attorney . "  It 's shocking , it 's horrific and it increases her injuries , " Zwillinger told CNN about the language used by the Attorney General 's Office . "  For the most part her physical injuries have healed , but the emotional part of this has tore my client 's life up . "  Absolutely , it 's blaming the victim , " he added . "  It feels like 1952 is what it feels like . It feels like a view of the world that I thought we got past . This is not the victim 's fault . "  Prison is a bad place . I get it , " he said . "  This is not a training corrections officer . This is a teacher , a civilian . They had a duty to protect her , and they failed in every manner . " The inmate , Jacob Harvey , now 21 , is charged with rape , assault and other charges in a January 30 , 2014 , attack on the teacher at Eyman prison in Florence , and he has pleaded not guilty . A pretrial conference is set for February 23 . Harvey was sentenced to 30 years in March 2013 as a result of a daytime home invasion in which he "  raped and savagely beat a woman in front of her young child , " the teacher 's lawsuit said . On that January 2014 morning , the teacher was administering a pre-GED High School Equivalency test to six or seven inmates , including Harvey , court papers said . The instructor was n't trained in self-defense or how to control the movements of inmates , papers said . She could n't use the usual instructional space -- a visitation room with big windows for guards to observe the class -- because the prison was holding an awards ceremony in the room that day , the lawsuit said . Instead , the teacher was assigned a classroom that was n't monitored by security cameras and was in a remote location not monitored by prison guards , the suit said . The prison gave the teacher a radio to use in case an inmate "  acted up , " the suit said . The inmates arrived to the class unescorted , the lawsuit said . After the inmates finished the test , all but Harvey left the classroom unescorted and returned to their dorms , the suit said . Harvey asked the teacher if he could use the bathroom , located outside the classroom , but after the teacher got up from her desk , Harvey grabbed her from behind , pushed her to the ground and stabbed her multiple times in the head and hands with a pen , the suit said . The teacher screamed and "  began to bleed profusely , " but Harvey "  was stronger and he choked her and slammed her head in the floor multiple times , " the lawsuit said . The teacher "  stopped fighting hoping to simply survive , " and then the inmate raped her , the suit said . The instructor is seeking unspecified damages in her lawsuit against the state . In court papers , the Attorney General 's Office argued that the teacher "  can not allege facts sufficient to satisfy " her claim that the Department of Corrections created "  the danger that allowed for her to be assaulted . " The state also argued that the teacher "  has attempted to recast absolutely routine prison events , " court papers said . "  The problem with Plaintiff 's repeated allegation in this regard is that it is impossible to conclude that such a dangerous situation would have been known and obvious to the defendants without also being known and obvious to the Plaintiff , a teacher who worked on a daily basis in the same environment as the defendants , " the Attorney General 's Office said in court papers . The instructor accused the prison and the state of negligence , false imprisonment and violation of her civil rights , court papers said . "  After being moved from the visitation room and during the approximate 1 1/2 hours  the teacher  administered the pre-GED exam in Classroom Two , not a single corrections officer entered the classroom to perform a security check on the inmates and the welfare of  the teacher  , " the lawsuit said . CNN 's Sara Weisfeldt and Kyung Lah contributed to this report from Arizona .	U.S. judge says suit "  contains sufficient allegations " against each state defendant . Arizona columnist accuses the state of arguing "  she was in a prison , so what did she expect ? " Attorney general : "  Our office was disappointed to see a misleading opinion piece "
CareerBuilder.com  -- If you 're a big "  The Hunger Games " fan like I am , you were probably crazy excited to watch the movie 's first trailer , which recently debuted . For those of you who are n't as familiar with the popular trilogy of books turned major motion pictures , here 's a quick synopsis . The story takes place during an unidentified time in the future in a post-apocalyptic nation called Panem . Panem consists of a wealthy Capitol and 12 surrounding Districts . Each year , as punishment for past revolts , the Capitol hosts a gladiator-like competition called the Hunger Games , where one boy and one girl are chosen from each District as tributes and must fight to the death until just one remains . Protagonist Katniss Everdeen lives in District 12 , and in the first book , Katniss 's younger sister is picked as tribute . Fearful that her sister would never make it out alive , Katniss volunteers to take her place . As I watched the trailer for the 14th time  as research for this post ... I swear  , I started thinking about the work lessons that could be gleaned from the story . Sure , your workplace may not resemble a Roman gladiator arena , but given how competitive it is these days to land and keep a job , it can at times feel like you 're just trying to keep your head above water . Here , some lessons on surviving a stressful work environment , courtesy of "  The Hunger Games " : Know what you 're good at and hone that skill While training for the Hunger Games , Katniss is told to identify and strengthen a special skill . Katniss , who spent many-a-day hunting in the woods , is an ace with the bow and arrow , so she focuses on perfecting her archery prowess . This is not unlike the workplace , where having a key skill can set you apart from the competition . Let 's say you work at an advertising agency but happen to be good at math ; volunteer to help with the numbers side of the business . By mastering a job in which others on your team may not be as proficient , you position yourself as an indispensible employee . Learn to easily adapt to changes In the Hunger Games arena , things can change in an instant -- one second it 's hot and humid , and the next second the temperature plummets and snowflakes begin to fall . These environmental changes are meant to throw off the competitors and make them more vulnerable to attacks . Given today 's volatile economy , things can change pretty quickly in the workplace . If you are willing to adapt -- taking on extra projects to overcompensate for a staff shortage , doing work that 's not traditionally part of your job -- you 'll show your boss you can handle anything that 's thrown your way . Seek out an untraditional mentor In preparation for the Games , the tributes are assigned a mentor -- someone from their District who fought , and won , a previous competition . Katniss 's mentor is an aging , washed out , often-drunk man named Haymitch . At first Katniss worries that he 'll do more harm than good , and he does have some untraditional training methods . But at the end of the day he turns out to be an intelligent , clever guide and an advocate for Katniss and her other District competitor , Peeta . Apply this knowledge to your own work situation . Oftentimes it 's hard to talk to your manager , because you do n't want to compromise your working relationship . Instead , seek out someone in your office whom you admire and can learn from but do n't necessarily work with on a day-to-day basis . Invite him or her to coffee , and explain that you 're looking to expand your internal network and learn from others who have different roles within the company . Chances are he or she would be happy to serve as your mentor and would likely find the relationship mutually beneficial . Having someone outside of your team that 's on your side and willing to advocate for you may prove valuable , should you have issues with your boss -- or your job -- down the road . Stand up for what you believe in  Caution : Spoiler alert ! As mentioned earlier , Katniss volunteers to take her younger sister 's place as the female District 12 tribute . Further along in the trilogy , Katniss spearheads a rebellion against the Capitol . While I 'm not suggesting you stage an uprising against a nasty boss or slimy co-worker , do n't be afraid to blow the whistle if you see something unethical occurring in the workplace . Speaking up is never easy , but you should feel comfortable confiding in a HR manager who can help develop a course of action . If handled the right way , you 'll be helping yourself , your teammates and ultimately the company . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Learn how to survive a stressful work environment from ` The Hunger Games ' Know what you 're good at and hone that skill Seek out an untraditional mentor and stand up for what you believe in
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The wrongful death trial of concert promoter AEG Live filed by Michael Jackson 's mother and three children will not be televised , a judge decided Friday . CNN had requested its camera be allowed in the courtroom during the trial , but Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Yvette Palazuelos issued a ruling Friday denying the request . California law leaves the decision to the trial judge 's discretion based on 19 factors to be considered . Palazuelos did not say in her ruling what factors swayed her decision . AEG Live to put Michael Jackson on trial in his own death AEG Live 's lawyer argued televising the trial could create a frenzy among Jackson fans at the courthouse that could pose a threat to witnesses . Jackson lawyers argued in favor of having a camera in court , saying it would be the best way for the world to see justice done . Without cameras , only a handful of journalists will have seats in the small courtroom in downtown Los Angeles . The Jacksons ' lawsuit accuses AEG Live of liability in Jackson 's death through the negligent hiring of Dr. Conrad Murray , the physician who is serving a prison sentence after being convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Conrad Murray from jail : ' I was in the wrong place at the wrong time ' AEG Live contends Murray was never its employee , but was chosen and hired by Jackson . If AEG Live is found liable by a jury , it could mean a multibillion dollar judgment for the Jacksons , based on the potential earnings of Michael Jackson had he lived past his 50th birthday . Opening statements and the first witness could be heard in about two weeks in the trial that is expected to last for two to three months . The pool of potential jurors reached 60 Friday afternoon after four days of eliminating jurors for hardship reasons . The process will continue Monday and Tuesday or until about 100 potential jurors are identified . On Wednesday , the lawyers will start the voir dire process of eliminating jurors based on cause or their jury strikes allowed under court rules . Until then , the lawyers are studying their answers to a long questionnaire the potential jurors completed . The process is expected to continue for another week , perhaps ending around April 16 or 17 . It is unclear how soon after a jury is seated that the judge will have lawyers deliver opening statements and call the first witness . Some judges allow the jury a day or so to take care of personal business after being selected .	CNN asks the judge to allow its camera in the trial AEG Live argues televising trial could create a Jackson fan frenzy Jackson lawyers argue in favor of having a camera in court Jackson 's mom and kids say AEG Live is liable for his death
CNN  The newest additions to Monaco 's royal family , month-old baby twins Gabriella and Jacques , made their first appearance before their subjects Wednesday . Their parents , Prince Albert II and Princess Charlene of Monaco , presented them to a crowd of flag-waving onlookers from the balcony of the royal palace . Each carrying a baby swaddled in white blankets , the proud couple smiled and waved as the crowd cheered and applauded , while church bells rang and a military band played . The infant royals appeared to sleep through the event , for which a public holiday was declared . The twins were born on December 10 at the Princess Grace Hospital in Monaco , a tiny principality bordered on three sides by France and on the fourth by the Mediterranean Sea . Gabriella Therese Marie arrived in the world two minutes ahead of her brother . But in line with Monaco 's rules of succession , Jacques Honore Rainier was named the Crown Prince and his sister next in line to the throne after him . The first pictures of the royal babies were released on the royal family 's official Facebook account on December 23 . "  A beautiful Christmas gift to Monaco , friends of the Principality of Monaco and the royal family , " said the post . One of the tiny additions to the royal family wears a pink babygrow and the other a blue one . Royal twins born in Monaco The twins are the first children born to Charlene Wittstock , a former South African Olympic swimmer who married Prince Albert II in 2011 . Prince Albert , 56 , also has two children born out of wedlock in 1992 and 2003 who are not in line for the throne . He succeeded his father , Prince Rainier III , as Sovereign Prince of Monaco on his death in 2005 . At 2.02 sq km  77 sq miles  , it is the second smallest state in the world , after the Vatican , and about half the size of New York 's Central Park . It sits on the French Riviera and is a popular tourist destination , famous for its casino and luxury hotels .	Baby twins Gabriella and Jacques were born on December 10 Jacques has been named the Crown Prince of Monaco
CNN  -- An alarm late Friday night indicating higher than usual levels of airborne radiation led to a first-of-its-kind response at a nuclear disposal facility outside of Carlsbad , New Mexico , an Energy Department spokesman told CNN . An air monitor at the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant detected the spike in an isolated area half a mile below the ground . The incident prompted an immediate shutoff of filtered air from the facility into the environment around it . "  This is the first time we had to close off air filtered by the facility to the outside , " Energy Department spokesman Gregory Sahd told CNN . Investigators from the Department of Energy expect test results this week to help determine whether there was a radiation leak . Officials believe there is no danger to the community because it was quickly contained . The radiation was first detected at 11:30 p.m. , according to Sahd . He said the facility 's ventilation system monitors air quality in real time and automatically switched to "  filtration mode " when the possible leak was discovered . Due to the late hour and the location of the incident , Sahd said there was little risk to employees . Those who were inside the above-ground area of the facility responded quickly and remained quarantined until radiological control technicians cleared them to go home . "  No one was underground when the alarm went off , " Sahd said . "  And everyone that was in the facility  at the time  , we know where they are and we 've tested them . " Sahd said there have been no injuries reported , and the area officials believe was affected has been closed off . "  We 're pretty sure we know where it 's at . " New Mexico Sens. Tom Udall and Martin Heinrich said in a statement Saturday that they remain in contact with Energy Department officials . "  We will continue to monitor the situation as more information becomes available . The safety of WIPP personnel and the surrounding community is of the utmost importance . "	Higher levels of airborne radiation trip alarm , shutoff of filtered air The late-night alarm occurred with few people around ; no injuries reported Department of Energy awaits test results on whether there was a radiation leak
CNN  -- President Obama has written yet another letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader and , by all accounts , his missives remain unrequited . It is not a pretty sight -- the commander-in-chief of the planet 's mightiest army , the leader of the world 's largest economy -- sitting down at his desk , chin in hand , trying to come up with just the right words to persuade the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei to make nice with America , time and again , even after his letters prompt a combination of silence and scorn . It is good that Iran and the United States are talking . But this is another matter altogether . A letter is not needed to maintain communications . The two countries are already engaged in high-level negotiations , with a make-or-break deadline fast approaching on a nuclear deal . The sad fact is that Obama 's words seem to provoke exactly the opposite of their intended reaction from Khamenei , the man who will ultimately decide if there is a nuclear deal . Khamenei has been crystal clear in expressing barely restrained contempt for Obama and his rhetorical advances . Let 's face it . Obama is not a very good negotiator , at least when it comes to Iran . Obama has many strengths , but bargaining does not appear to be one of them . The fact has been evident in Washington , where he scored a few major legislative victories , but has mostly seen his agenda blocked . The blockers are Republicans and they surely bear much of the blame , but , as many have pointed out , other presidents have proven more effective at negotiating with the opposition . After watching Obama 's first press conference after the midterm election , Bloomberg View 's Megan McArdle wondered if Obama even knows how to negotiate . That is a scary question to ponder when the United States is on the verge of cutting a deal aimed at preventing Iran from developing nuclear weapons , when United Nations nuclear inspectors say Iran is refusing to answer questions about "  possible military dimensions " of its nuclear program , and as the United States and the so-called P5 +1 negotiating with Iran steadily reduce their demands on Iran 's nuclear enrichment . As Obama has said repeatedly , a bad deal with Iran is worse than no deal at all . The question is whether Obama 's negotiating missteps are just that , missteps that can be corrected by crafty negotiators , or signs that he is so eager for a deal that he will lower the bar on what he considers as an acceptable agreement . Obama has focused on repairing relations with Iran since he was a presidential candidate , making all the statements and gestures that should have warmed Tehran to a new future in an Obama presidency , if Iran had had any interest at all . As a candidate he called for direct talks , and in his first inaugural speech he famously declared "  We will extend a hand if you are willing to unclench your fist . " Then , just after taking office , he went to Cairo and gave his conciliatory speech to the "  Muslim world , " vowing a new era in ties . Khamenei 's reaction should have been enough to have Obama cross out the Supreme Leader from his list of pen pals . "  Beautiful speeches , " Khamenei declared , "  can not change the fact that Muslims ... hate America from the bottom of their hearts . " A few months later , when Iranians took to the streets and were brutally suppressed , Obama , who had just issued another conciliatory gesture , initially refrained from airing criticism . The Ayatollah later excoriated the American President , blaming the pro-democracy protests on American and "  Zionist " plots , not on discontent with the regime and its version of theocratic democracy . And yet , the missives from Obama kept coming . And still they traveled in just one direction . Maybe the President should have sent a self-addressed stamped envelope . At least then the disdain might have remained private . The problem is worse than an epistolary cold shoulder . Every letter from Obama seems to contain a concession that goes unreciprocated . Iran came to the table as the result of stern economic sanctions steadily enforced by Obama , and he deserves full credit for that . But it 's not clear whether his personal interventions have helped the cause . Amid reports that the West is already proposing to allow Iran a level of nuclear enrichment that would have been unthinkable in the recent past , the most recent letter crossed another line , reportedly suggesting a linkage between a nuclear agreement and cooperation between Washington and Tehran in fighting the Islamic State , also known as ISIS . Obama denied there is a link , without commenting on the letter . When thinking about ISIS , Syria and Iran , we should remember that even though ISIS is viewed as a threat by both Washington and Tehran , Iran 's goal is to fortify Syrian dictator Bashar al-Assad . The United States and Iran share their enmity with ISIS , but their larger goals are in conflict . And that 's just on Syria . Iran is viewed as a threat by America 's allies in the Arab world , not to mention by Israel , which it continues to goad and threaten . In apparent response to last month 's letter , Khamenei 's website carried an article saying Iran does not need U.S. help fighting ISIS . The United States has not done very well in the fight , it said , whereas Iraq , with Iranian help , is scoring victories against ISIS . The timing of Obama 's new letter is disconcerting , to say the least . The recent drop in oil prices has put Iran in a serious bind . This could be a moment of strength for American and European negotiators , a moment to show just how much Iran has to lose by insisting on maintaining significant portions of a nuclear program that America , Europe and many Arab countries believe was developed for the purpose of building nuclear weapons . Washington already gave up the objective of seeing the nuclear program dismantled . The question now is how many months away from a bomb Iran would agree to stand in exchange for a lifting of sanctions . Iran has played an expert game . Khamenei 's ability to nix any deal he does not like looms constantly over the talks , strengthening Iran 's hand . The America leader , on the other hand , could use some help .	President Obama has written another letter to Iran 's Supreme Leader Frida Ghitis : Obama does n't seem to be a good negotiator when it comes to nuclear deal She says reports suggest West is proposing to give Iran more concessions Ghitis : Iran has played an expert game , Obama could use some help
Washington  CNN  -- A late evening meeting between President Barack Obama and the leaders of the House and Senate failed to reach agreement Wednesday on a spending plan to avert a government shutdown , but all the participants said progress was made and talks would continue . If there is no deal by midnight Friday , when the current spending authorization measure expires , parts of the government will close down . Obama called the 90-minute talks with House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , "  constructive " and he said they narrowed and clarified the outstanding issues . "  I remain confident that if we 're serious about getting something done , we should be able to complete a deal and get it passed and avert a shutdown , " Obama said in brief remarks to reporters . "  But it 's going to require a sufficient sense of urgency from all parties involved " to prevent a shutdown that "  could have real effects on everyday Americans . " Both Reid and Boehner told reporters in their own brief comments that the meeting made progress in narrowing their differences , and that their staffs would work through the night to try to reach further consensus . "  I have confidence we can get this done , " said Reid , who criticized Boehner and Republicans earlier in the day for intransigence . "  We 're not there yet . " Boehner , standing next to Reid , said "  we do have some honest differences , " and he emphasized there was no agreement on either a specific figure for spending cuts for the rest of the current fiscal year or on policy issues that the Republicans want included in the measure , such as specifically prohibiting funding for abortions . "  No one wants the government to shut down , " Boehner said . Time : Are we headed for a shutdown ? Obama called the meeting because of a lack of progress in negotiations during the day , White House spokesman Jay Carney told reporters . A White House source familiar with the situation , speaking on condition of not being identified , told CNN that "  there was almost no progress made today . " "  There would n't be a meeting if it was n't a necessary step at this stage in the process , " the source said of the evening talks . Boehner announced earlier that the House of Representatives will try to buy more time for negotiators by voting Thursday on a one-week government funding bill that would cut spending by $ 12 billion and fund the Pentagon for the remainder of the current fiscal year . GOP budget chief calls for $ 6.2 trillion in spending cuts "  Republicans have no interest in shutting down the government , " Boehner insisted . But "  we are going to fight for as many spending cuts as we can get . " GOP leaders said they were prepared to pass the bill on a strict party-line vote if necessary . Democrats , insistent they have already met the Republicans more than halfway in negotiations , oppose such a measure , and it was considered unlikely to clear the Senate . In two speeches on the Senate floor during the day , Reid accused GOP leaders of being unwilling to compromise because of pressure from the conservative Tea Party movement to cut deeper and include provisions on political issues . "  We meet them halfway , they say no . We meet them all the way , they say no , " Reid said , calling the latest proposed extension from the House a "  diversion " from making "  tough choices " to settle the matter . "  The Republican leadership has the Tea Party screaming so loudly in its right ear that it ca n't hear what the vast majority of the country demands , " Reid said . Tea Party : Bring on a government shutdown Obama , on the road in Pennsylvania , declared that he did n't "  want to see Washington politics stand in the way of America 's progress . " "  At a time when you are struggling to pay your bills and meet your responsibilities , the least we can do  is  meet our responsibilities to produce a budget , " he said . "  That 's not too much to ask for . " Obama blamed the GOP for using the budget crisis to push provisions relating to hot-button issues such as abortion , health care and the environment . Debates over those issues were holding back talks , he said . Boehner has insisted his caucus will not back down on those issues . He proposed the one-week extension after meeting with his Republican House colleagues . Reporters outside heard applause from within the room at one point . Republican sources told CNN the applause was for Boehner when he choked up while thanking his colleagues for their support on the issue . Government shutdown : White House details consequences Behind all the rhetorical bluster and bombast , however , negotiations continued unabated . Obama talked to both Boehner and Reid over the phone earlier Wednesday , and Democratic and Republican leadership staffers continued meeting on Capitol Hill in an attempt to break the stalemate . Obama met Tuesday with congressional leaders including Reid and Boehner , and warned then that he would seek further meetings if the negotiations yielded insufficient progress . As for the overall numbers , negotiators were looking at a package of cuts for the rest of the fiscal year that would probably total a bit over $ 33 billion but less than $ 40 billion , according to a Democratic congressional source . The fiscal year ends September 30 . iReport : Looming government shutdown The Republican-led House has passed a bill that included $ 61 billion in cuts from current spending levels , but it was rejected by the Democrat-controlled Senate . Two previous extensions of the government spending resolution have included $ 10 billion in cuts . In response to the looming budget deadline , the U.S. Office of Personnel Management posted information on its website Tuesday about how a shutdown would affect federal employees . The posting said that most federal workers paid with funds appropriated by Congress would go on temporary furlough in the event of a shutdown . It would be up to Congress to decide if furloughed workers get paid for the time missed when the shutdown ends , the posting said . Health benefits continue if the shutdown lasts for less than a year , it said . If there is a shutdown , an estimated 800,000 government workers will likely be asked to stay home , according to senior administration officials . Among other things , the IRS will stop processing paper tax returns , the Small Business Administration will stop making loans and federal home loan guarantees will be put on hold . U.S. troops would be paid through Friday , but after that , paychecks to members of the military , including those in war zones , would stop . The National Institutes of Health would stop accepting new patients and would put clinical trials on hold . A Justice Department spokesperson said on condition of not being identified that "  critical national security , law enforcement and prison operations " would continue in the event of a shutdown . Political Ticker : Nation split on shutdown blame game "  All FBI personnel in the field will continue to work , and the department will be ready to respond to any and all contingencies that might arise during this time , " the Justice spokesperson said . However , some functions including civil litigation , outreach to crime victims and grant processing would be stopped or curtailed , the spokesperson said . Congressional veterans from both sides of the aisle indicated Wednesday a strong desire to avoid a shutdown . "  My concern with a shutdown is , what is our long-term goal ? What are we trying to achieve ? " asked Rep. Mike Simpson , R-Idaho , a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee . "  If it is repeal Obamacare  the health care reform law enacted last year  , do we think in two weeks or a month Obama 's going to go , ` You guys were right , ' and sign onto it ? I do n't think so . So you better look at what your goals are and what you 're willing to accept , or do n't do it . " Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , said a shutdown would mean "  enormous negative consequences , and I think we 're going to rue the day the way we 're functioning here . We need to come to the table and ... act like rational human beings . " Republicans , under pressure from the conservative Tea Party movement to make deep cuts that would reduce the size of government , blame Democrats for failing to pass a fiscal year 2011 budget last year when they controlled both congressional chambers . They also say that Obama and his party are ignoring the peril of the rising federal deficits and national debt . Democrats contend that the $ 61 billion in spending cuts in the House bill would harm the economic recovery and slash education and innovation programs essential for continued growth . Obama and Reid both insist that Democrats have agreed to more than 50 % of the spending cuts sought by Republicans , which they said should be sufficient for a compromise on an issue that has little overall effect on the deficit and debt issues . The budget brinkmanship shows the political stakes of the situation , with both parties trying to depict the other as unwilling to do what 's right for the country . Boehner has cast aside assertions by Democrats that they had agreed to more than half the cuts sought by the GOP , saying the Democrats used "  smoke and mirrors to get there . " A senior Democratic source with knowledge of the ongoing negotiations said the biggest obstacle to a deal involves whether reductions in mandatory spending programs , known in appropriations parlance as "  changes in mandatory spending " or CHIMPS , should be part of spending cuts . Examples of mandatory spending programs include Pell Grants , the Children 's Health Insurance Program and some types of highway funding . Such programs are funded for multiple years at a time , with the spending set for the time period covered , exempt from congressional authorization each year . Democratic sources have said they want about half the overall cuts in this spending bill to come from mandatory spending programs , and they have proposed the necessary reductions in programs at the U.S. Department of Agriculture , the Justice Department and the Treasury Department , and in Pell Grants . Republicans , who want any spending cuts to reflect a reduction in the size of government , note that reducing the spending in a mandatory program for one year does n't prevent the amount from returning to its original level the following year . CNN 's Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Ted Barrett , Kate Bolduan , Terry Frieden and Dan Lothian contributed to this report	NEW : Evening meeting with Obama , congressional leaders fails to bring agreement NEW : Obama says sense of "  urgency " is needed to avoid a shutdown NEW : Senate 's Harry Reid , and House Speaker John Boehner say progress is made Without an agreement , the federal government will shut down after Friday
CNN  -- Syria 's President Bashar al-Assad "  must step aside , " European Union foreign ministers said in a blistering statement Monday , adding the Syrian government 's crackdown on anti-government protesters may amount to crimes against humanity . The EU also expanded sanctions on Iran and Belarus to protest their crackdowns on their citizens , it announced . But the 27 foreign ministers of the union reserved their sharpest criticism for Syria and its president . "  The EU condemns in the strongest possible terms the ongoing brutal repression led by the Syrian regime , " they said after a meeting in Luxembourg . Syria 's leader must resign "  to allow a political transition to take place in Syria , " they said . And they welcomed the creation of the umbrella opposition Syrian National Council , a day after Syria 's foreign minister warned other nations against recognizing it . The ministers said they were "  deeply disappointed " that the United Nations Security Council failed to increase sanctions on Syria -- a milder statement than had been expected . EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton said the union would continue to press for strong action on Syria . The harsh words on Syria follow last week 's failure by the U.N. Security Council to agree on a resolution calling for an immediate end to a military crackdown against opponents of President al-Assad . China and Russia opposed the resolution , which was supported by the EU 's Great Britain and France as well as the United States . Al-Assad has been under international pressure to end a seven-month crackdown on demonstrators calling for the end to his regime . The European Union has slapped Syria with a number of sanctions , including barring the import of Syrian oil and banning the delivery of Syrian currency produced in the EU to the Syrian Central Bank . It also has placed travel restrictions on and frozen the assets of officials it says are involved in the attacks on the opposition . The European Union is also expanding its sanctions on Iran in light of "  growing concern about the human rights situation " there , Ashton announced Monday . She expressed concern about "  repression of citizens and human rights defenders , journalists , women activists , minority groups , members of the opposition . " She called on Iran to "  fully respect the rights of their people . " Iran was already under EU economic and trade sanctions related to its nuclear program . Ashton said the union was continuing to talk to Tehran about its controversial nuclear ambitions . The EU also renewed and expanded sanctions on Belarus . Nearly 200 people were already subject to an asset freeze and travel ban over the "  crackdown on civil society and democratic opposition " after the last two presidential elections . The EU added three companies and 16 individuals to the list of those facing restrictions , and it extended the existing restrictions until the end of October 2012 , it announced . It is expected to name them on Tuesday . The ministers extended the visa ban and asset freeze on 192 people in Belarus who the EU maintains are responsible for political repression and "  violations of the international electoral standards " in the former Soviet republic 's 2006 and 2010 presidential elections . The sanctions were imposed against Belarus following the December 2010 presidential election that saw the re-election of President Alexander Lukashenko amid allegations of widespread electoral fraud . The government cracked down on mass protests following the election , including the beating and jailing of former presidential candidate Uladzimir Nyaklyaeu . Other political figures and journalists also were jailed . The ministers also expressed support for Libya 's interim government . Ashton said the existing EU office in Tripoli would soon become "  a fully-fledged EU delegation . " CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : The European Union expands sanctions against Iran over human rights EU ministers accuse Syria of possible crimes against humanity They extend sanctions against Belarus for its crackdown on the opposition Libya and Yemen are also on the agenda
CNN  -- A police helicopter crashed into the roof of a pub crowded with Friday-night revelers in the Scottish city of Glasgow , trapping a number people under the debris , rescuers and witnesses said . Urban search and rescue specialists were working to make The Clutha Bar safe to access so firefighters can pull victims out , according to the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . People remained trapped inside the one-story building , and communication was established between those trapped in the debris and rescuers , said Lewis Ramsay of the Scottish Fire and Rescue Service . "  I can confirm there are a number of casualties but it is too early at this stage to provide further details , " Deputy Chief Constable Rose Fitzpatrick of the Scotland Police said in a written statement . The helicopter , carrying two police officers and a civilian pilot , crashed on the roof of the pub at 10:25 p.m. local time , Scottish police said . "  Given an incident of this scale we must all prepare ourselves for the likelihood of fatalities , " the head of the Scottish government , Alex Salmond , said in a post on his official Twitter account . The crash occurred as patrons listened to the self-styled ska band Esperanza , which had taken the stage at the pub a short time earlier . Jim Murphy , a member of the UK Parliament , said he arrived at the pub just moments after the crash and saw people trying to get out of the building . "  Most of the helicopter appeared to be inside the pub , " said Murphy , who represents a portion of Glasgow . Murphy estimated he saw at least 10 people who were injured , including some who were struggling with consciousness and others who were bleeding from head wounds . "  Until the emergency services got there , everyone who was at the scene just tried to do their best to help all those who were trapped and injured , " he said . Grace Maclean and a friend were inside the pub listening to the band when the crash occurred . "  We were watching the band and there was kind of like a  roof  panel fell , there was a whoosh of dust , then we laughed that the band said , ` We did n't think we were going to bring the roof down , ' " she said . " ... The roof did n't come down . ... It did n't come completely down anyway . " Maclean said she was sitting at the back of the bar next to an older man , who suffered a cut on his head from the debris when crash occurred . "  Everyone was really confused and scared , " she said . "  No one had a clue . There was no explosion . No bang . It was really quiet . There is no fire , " she said . The noise came after the crash , when people began calling out for friends . "  Everyone was yelling  for  their friends , but everyone seemed to find everyone , " Maclean said . Christina O'Neill , who saw the crash from her apartment across the street , said she heard what sounded like a low-flying airplane . "  I thought that did n't sound right for a couple of seconds , " O'Neill said . After the sound of impact , she saw smoke and people running from the pub . "  I know there were a lot of people lying on the ground kind of getting looked into , " she said . On the Facebook page of the band Esperanza , a post indicates the band members all made it out of the club . "  It seems that the band are all OK . Not so sure about everyone else , " it said . Hours after the crash , the helicopter -- bearing the word "  police " on its damaged tail -- was still smoldering . A spokesman for the Scottish Ambulance Service told CNN that there were "  multiple ambulances and a special operations team on site . " Gordon Smart , editor of The Scottish Sun , took to Twitter after apparently witnessing the crash . "  Jesus . Think I just saw a helicopter crash in Glasgow , " he tweeted . In another post , he said : "  This is genuinely horrible . Spare a thought for those involved . Terrifying experience . Thought it was going to land on me . " The Clutha 's Facebook page contained numerous posts from people concerned about the incident . "  Stay with it everybody , now is the time to think of others , " wrote one person . "  People need help . " British Prime Minister David Cameron also tweeted about the situation . "  My thoughts are with everyone affected by the helicopter crash in Glasgow -- and the emergency services working tonight , " he said . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Nic Robertson and Elwyn Lopez contributed to this report .	NEW : Pub patrons remain trapped in the debris , fire officials say "  Most of the helicopter appeared to be inside the pub , " Jim Murphy says Search and rescue efforts are continuing , firefighters say "  I know there were a lot of people lying on the ground , " a witness says
Madrid  CNN  -- The conveyer belt of a baggage carousel that killed a 5-month-old at an airport in Spain was not moving when his mother set him on it , a Spanish Civil Guard spokesman in Madrid said Friday . But soon afterward it started moving , and the child was carried to the end , where his head was injured by the carousel 's rollers , said the Civil Guard spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The infant 's mother , an American , arrived at the Alicante airport late Wednesday on a flight from London 's Gatwick airport with her baby boy and another young child , said a spokeswoman for Spain 's airport authority , AENA . The father , who is Canadian , was already there waiting at the Alicante airport , she added . An unidentified security guard at the airport told CNN affiliate Atlas she did n't see the incident , but was told that "  the mother apparently put  the baby  down on the conveyer belt when she went to reach for something . He was crushed by the conveyer belt and it killed him . " With the baby bleeding , officials summoned airport medical personnel , who rushed to the scene but were unable to revive the infant , the Civil Guard spokesman said . The carousel for oversized luggage is a flat , black rubber-type belt that moves in only one direction , ending with a series of horizontal rollers that slow the luggage to a stop , for pickup . It 's several feet long and passengers can stand on either side of it or at the receiving end , said the airport spokeswoman , who by custom is not identified . The Civil Guard spokesman said the baby 's weight activated the motionless conveyor belt and started it moving , but the airport spokeswoman , citing a baggage worker , said Friday that the belt is not activated by weight . A day earlier , the spokeswoman said the conveyor belt is activated only when oversized bags are sent out on it for pickup . "  I do n't know what happened , " the airport spokeswoman said . "  The Civil Guard will determine that after the investigation . " After the baby was pronounced dead , the family had to wait for a judge to arrive , by Spanish law , so that the body could be moved . Civil Guards took statements from the parents at the airport , the airport spokeswoman said . The Civil Guard says it is treating the incident as an accident . The baggage belt for oversized luggage -- which includes infant car seats and baby strollers -- is at one end of a large baggage claims hall at the Alicante airport , which handles 9 million passengers a year , the spokeswoman said . The baggage carousel is in a secure area , and passengers go through it to claim their bags before they exit into the public arrivals hall . The father of the baby would not have had access to that area , the airport spokeswoman said . Civil Guard and National Police spokesmen in Alicante confirmed the nationalities of the mother and father as American and Canadian , respectively . Spanish newspaper El Pais reported the family had come to the Alicante area , on Spain 's Mediterranean coast , for vacation , but authorities would not immediately confirm that .	The conveyer belt did not start moving until after the mother placed her baby on it The child was fatally injured by the carousel 's rollers , authorities say The mother , an American , also had another young child with her
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Eric Holder was sworn in Tuesday as U.S. attorney general , becoming the first African-American to lead the Department of Justice on a permanent basis . Vice President Joe Biden swears in Eric Holder , left , as attorney general Tuesday at the Justice Department . Vice President Joe Biden administered the oath of office after reading the Justice Department 's mission statement . "  There 's no mention of politics in that statement . There 's no mention of ideology , " Biden said . "  And that 's as it should be . " Loud cheers and long applause followed Holder 's taking of the oath . Watch Holder take the oath " "  Nowhere but in this great country could a person like me or the president hope to achieve the positions we are now so fortunate to hold , " Holder said . By a 75-21 vote , the U.S. Senate on Monday confirmed President Obama 's nomination of Holder . Holder , 58 , is a former federal prosecutor and served as deputy attorney general during the Clinton administration . He was briefly acting attorney general in early 2001 . Holder takes over a Justice Department battered by a series of controversies during the Bush administration , from questions about how it laid legal groundwork for harsh interrogations of suspected terrorists to the firings of top federal prosecutors in several cities . "  There 's a big job to do , and it 's going to be Mr. Holder 's duty to turn this department around and restore its credibility , " said Sen. Dianne Feinstein , D-California . During confirmation hearings , Republicans questioned his role in former President Bill Clinton 's widely criticized last-minute pardon of fugitive financier Marc Rich and questioned whether he would be independent of the White House . Holder had a testy exchange with the Senate Judiciary Committee 's ranking Republican , Arlen Specter , who questioned Holder 's "  fitness " for the office . Holder shot back that Specter was "  getting close to the line in questioning my integrity , " and Specter ultimately supported the nomination . But Sen. Jim Bunning , R-Kentucky , cited the pardons and what he called Holder 's insufficient support for gun rights in opposing the nomination . "  Mr. Holder is supportive of old ideas for gun control that have never made people safer at the expense of taking away their rights , " Bunning said . All 21 of the "  no " votes were Republicans , but more than a dozen GOP senators joined Democrats in confirming Holder . Sen. Christopher "  Kit " Bond , R-Missouri , said Holder convinced him he would be "  looking forward to keeping the nation safe . " Bond , the ranking Republican on the Intelligence Committee , raised concerns that the administration would seek to prosecute U.S. officials involved in using what the Bush administration called "  alternative " interrogation techniques , measures that critics said involved the torture of prisoners in U.S. custody . Holder unambiguously called the use of waterboarding against suspected terrorists a form of torture that violated the Geneva Conventions , but he has said that prosecuting intelligence officials who followed Justice Department guidance would be "  difficult . " Bond said that while Holder 's answer focused on U.S. officials who were following the administration 's legal advice , "  I told him , and I believe he understood , that trying to prosecute these lawyers or political leaders would generate a political firestorm . "	Eric Holder sworn in during Justice Department ceremony Holder is first African-American confirmed to the post Senate confirmed his appointment Monday on 75-21 vote He is a former federal prosecutor , deputy attorney general
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Three people died early Sunday when a helicopter went down on a Southern California property where movies are filmed , a federal aviation official said . The crash occurred around 3:30 a.m.  6:30 a.m. ET  at the Polsa Rosa Movie Ranch in Acton , on the northwestern edge of the Angeles National Forest about 30 miles north of Los Angeles . The Bell 206 Jet Ranger helicopter hit the ground "  under unknown circumstances , " Federal Aviation Administration spokesman Allen Kenitzer said , who added that his agency and the National Transportation Safety Board are investigating . The three people killed were the only ones aboard , Kenitzer said , citing local authorities . The 730-acre Polsa Rosa Movie Ranch contains a variety of settings for filming -- from a jungle to a mud pit to more desert terrain -- its website notes . Films shot there , at least in part , include "  Red Dawn , " "  Adaptation , " "  Windtalkers " and "  The Outsider , " according to the Internet Movie Database . Only one production -- which is referred to as an "  Untitled Military Project -- currently has a permit to fly a helicopter in the northern part of Los Angeles , said Film LA spokesman Philip Sokoloski , whose non-profit agency provides permits for entertainment productions shot in the area . But it is not immediately clear if the downed helicopter was part of this project or if it had anything to do with a television or film production . CNN 's Sonya Hamasaki reported this story from Los Angeles , and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote it from Atlanta . CNN 's Carey Bodenheimer contributed to this report .	NEW : Only one production had a permit to fly helicopters in the area , a film bureau official says The Bell 206 Jet Ranger helicopter crashes around 3:30 a.m. , an FAA spokesman says It 's not known why it went down , though federal officials are investigating , he adds The crash is in Polsa Rosa Movie Ranch north of L.A. , where some films have been shot
CNN  -- The effects of l'Affaire Snowden continued to accumulate this past week with a dramatic vote in the U.S. House of Representatives . By a bare 12-vote margin , a bipartisan coalition of more or less centrist Republicans and Democrats defeated an equally bipartisan coalition of their more ideological brethren , the latter an incredibly improbable alliance that almost succeeded in defunding NSA 's telephone metadata program . One Hill participant described the hours before the vote as "  hand to hand combat , " but for now , at least , NSA will continue to acquire American telephone "  business records " to help it detect terrorist activity in the United States . Even as Americans were focused on the fate of this program , however , lines were being drawn for future debates based on other revelations by data leaker Edward Snowden . Chief among these is PRISM , an effort probably best understood by contrasting it to the telephone metadata program . PRISM  authorized by the FISA Amendment Act of 2008  is about the content of communications , not just the fact that a communication has taken place . It deals with digital data , like e-mails , not traditional phone calls . The subjects and activities related to PRISM collection are foreign and specific , not domestic and broad as in the metadata effort . Finally , PRISM is used for a number of legitimate foreign intelligence purposes , not just counterterrorism . There are also parallels . Both programs can only work with the court-compelled compliance of electronic communication service providers . And both programs are responsive to the world in which America found itself after 9/11 . The metadata program was designed to deal with the reality of potential terrorists already inside the United States . PRISM was designed to deal with changes in how modern communications are moved , stored and accessed . Take this example . NSA is targeting the communications of a known terrorist in Yemen . It discovers that the Yemen-based terrorist is communicating electronically with another individual ; he could be in Pakistan , elsewhere in Yemen or even in the United States . They are using a U.S. hosted Internet service ; they send e-mails back and forth . Similar contours could apply to e-mail traffic detailing the invoice of a delivery of dual use chemicals to a state suspected of developing chemical weapons . Or to another communication that provides data on the timing and routing of human trafficking in the Caribbean . In each of these cases , the only thing likely to be "  American " about any of these communications is that they are physically in the United States and are being hosted by a U.S.-based Internet service , a phenomenon that the 1978 Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , FISA , could not have anticipated . Recognizing this , under the prodding of then-Director of National Intelligence  and former Director of NSA  Mike McConnell , Congress amended FISA in 2008 to allow NSA more speedy and effective access to these kinds of communications . Access is still overseen by the FISA court  which also compels firms to turn over requested data  , but the process no longer requires the time consuming , cumbersome , individualized warrants of the past . Early Snowden-based stories here and abroad made a great deal of PRISM . Rushing against deadline , some outlets reported  inaccurately  that NSA had direct and free access to the servers of American Internet service providers , or ISPs , and it was a short step from there to near libelous accusations that the agency was routinely rummaging through the e-mails of ordinary Americans . In reality , in performing its foreign intelligence mission , NSA treats PRISM as just another SIGAD , SIGINT Activity Designator , an admittedly new and particularly valuable collection point , but still one among many designed to acquire foreign communications of foreign intelligence value . The alleged NSA slides that some have ominously included in their accounts of PRISM look far more benign to anyone experienced in signals intelligence . Indeed , if the slides are at all accurate , they look like an orientation briefing designed to show new analysts that PRISM is one tool in a large tool kit for them to use as they work to piece together actionable intelligence out of diverse , dispersed and frequently hard to acquire foreign communications . As recently as this past Sunday , however , Snowden chronicler-supporter-spokesman Glenn Greenwald was working to revive the meme of an unchecked NSA . Appearing on ABC 's "  This Week , " Greenwald described tools that allow analysts "  to listen to whatever e-mails they want , whatever telephone calls , browsing histories , Microsoft word documents . " Greenwald 's accusations were sufficiently broad and breathless  even though he did at one point concede that there were "  legal constraints for how you can spy on Americans "  that the stunningly misleading lead of ABC 's follow-on story was that these tools "  allowed even low-level analysts to search the private e-mails and phone calls of Americans . " Actually , if Greenwald 's description of the tools themselves is correct , they are the product of a decade-plus effort at NSA to improve the analytic and collection means available to its work force , to allow NSA analysts at all levels -- analysts trained annually in how to protect American privacy -- to make a single query to access all relevant information across agency databases and to assign tasking across various SIGADs . Put another way , NSA can more readily connect dots  dots comprised of lawfully collected foreign intelligence  and coordinate tasking  of legitimately targeted foreign communications  than at any other time in the agency 's history . And if that is true , it is something we should celebrate rather than condemn . But it remains to be seen if the coming national discussion will be based on facts like these or on something else altogether . And what of that debate , both overseas and at home ? More to follow . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Hayden .	Supporters of NSA metadata program only had 12-vote margin in favor Ex-NSA director Hayden : PRISM program is used to target foreign threats He says agency employees are trained to respect privacy Hayden : NSA does n't have access to servers of Internet service providers
Santa Ana , California  CNN  -- A California judge ordered Wednesday that two Fullerton police officers stand trial in the beating death last year of Kelly Thomas , a homeless man with a mental illness . Officer Manuel Ramos is charged with second-degree murder and involuntary manslaughter , and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli is charged with involuntary manslaughter and felony use of excessive force . Orange County Superior Court Judge Walter Schwarm scheduled the next hearing in the case on May 22 . Schwarm 's ruling came after a three-day preliminary hearing that ended Wednesday . Orange County District Attorney Tony Rackauckas , who 's prosecuting the case , told reporters that he expected defense attorneys to challenge Wednesday 's ruling in a motion and possibly an appeal . Rackauckas said the case "  was a terrible incident , and we 're going to proceed forward and get justice . " "  This is a hard thing to file , a case of this nature against police officers , because we have tremendous law enforcement in Orange County , " Rackauckas told reporters . "  This kind of incident is very damaging to the community -- to everybody , the police , the community -- because it erodes that trust . "  It brings down the image of the entire community , " the county 's elected prosecutor said . Ron Thomas , the father of Kelly Thomas , told reporters after the ruling that the Fullerton Police Department "  is full of good officers . " Opinion : Words to break a father 's heart "  It 's just this band of criminals , these hoodlums , " Ron Thomas added . Ron Thomas noted he and others in his family have worked in law enforcement for "  generations . " He said his son would have "  never thought a police officer would beat him to death . " The three-day hearing included attorneys repeating a profanity that Ramos uttered to Kelly Thomas , who had schizophrenia , before a total of six police officers were involved in subduing and beating him . Rackauckas said he repeated the obscenity several times in court to show how Ramos ' conduct was "  a very far departure from professional and reasonable police " practices . Kelly Thomas was shirtless and with a backpack when Ramos first approached him in response to a police call that a transient male fitting that description at the Fullerton bus depot was "  trying door handles , " attorneys for both sides said . The incident evolved into a police inquiry into "  a minor property crime " possibly involving receiving stolen property , Rackauckas told the court . During testimony earlier Wednesday , Orange County coroner 's pathologist Dr. Aruna Singhania continuing answering questions for a second day from attorneys for Ramos and Cicinelli about the autopsy she performed on Thomas , 37 , after the July incident . Ramos and Cicinelli have pleaded not guilty to the charges . Later , in presenting arguments before the court ruling was issued , Rackauckas told the judge that there 's sufficient evidence to put the two officers on trial . "  It 's a very bad day in Orange County when we have to charge two police officers with these kinds of terrible crimes , " the county 's elected prosecutor told the judge . "  They 're sworn to uphold the law , and they 're entrusted with the authority given to them by the state of California . " Defense attorneys objected when Rackauckas continued his comments and started speaking of the "  awesome power " with which police officers are entrusted . "  This is not a press conference , " said attorney Michael Schwartz , representing defendant Cicinelli . The prosecutor discontinued that line of argument and began addressing other topics after the judge told him : "  The court does understand the powers that police officers have , and the level of trust that society places in police officers . " John Barnett , the attorney for Ramos , argued that prosecutors did n't provide sufficient evidence to order his client to stand trial . On Tuesday , Singhania provided the court with nearly two dozen autopsy photos , prompting Thomas ' mother and father to leave the courtroom , as they did on Monday when a videotape of the beating was played . The 16 minutes of video came from a surveillance camera at a downtown Fullerton bus depot where the incident occurred . Singhania testified Tuesday that based on her autopsy , medical records and the videotape , she determined mechanical chest compressions with blunt cranial injuries caused Thomas ' death . Singhania also testified that Thomas suffered a complete hemorrhaging of his left eye . Thomas was beaten by police during the July 5 , 2011 , incident and died five days later , prosecutors say . The FBI is investigating civil rights violations in the case , as well . Rackauckas has said that Thomas suffered brain injuries , facial fractures , rib fractures and extensive bruising and abrasions . The county coroner listed his manner of death as a homicide and said he died because he was unable to breathe after having his chest compressed . Ramos , 37 , a 10-year veteran of the police department , would face a maximum sentence of 15 years to life if convicted , authorities said . Cicinelli , 39 , a 12-year Fullerton police veteran , would face a maximum of four years in prison if convicted . CNN 's Stan Wilson contributed to this report .	NEW : "  This kind of incident is very damaging to the community , " D.A. tells reporters A judge orders two Fullerton police officers to stand trial on all charges Kelly Thomas , 37 , who was homeless , was beaten last year in Fullerton , California Officer Manuel Ramos and Cpl. Jay Patrick Cicinelli are charged in the death
CNN projects independent candidate Bill Walker has won the Alaska gubernatorial race , defeating Republican incumbent Sean Parnell . Walker , a lawyer and local politician , is the second independent to win the seat in Alaska 's statehood . The former Valdez mayor and city councilor announced that he would run as an independent in 2013 after Parnell defeated him by a wide margin in the 2010 Republican primary en route to becoming governor . The race was too close to call on election night , with Walker showing less than a 3,000-vote lead over Parnell . Saturday morning , after questioned ballots were adjudicated and early votes , absentee ballots and outstanding ballots had been calculated , Walker led Parnell by just over 4,600 votes . Byron Mallott , a Democratic primary candidate with whom Walker merged his campaign , will become lieutenant governor . The breakdown of governorships starting in January 2015 is now 31 held by Republicans , 17 Democrats and one independent . The outcome of the race in Vermont is still unresolved . Get full midterm election results	Walker is the second independent to win the seat in Alaska 's statehood He ran as independent after Parnell beat him in the 2010 GOP primary for governor Democrat Byron Mallott will be lieutenant governor
New York  CNN  -- With memories of a monster Christmas blizzard still fresh , another blast of winter began charging across eastern states Friday , with snow predicted as far south as middle Georgia . A large complex winter system stretched across the northeast Friday , making for messy commutes in cities like Philadelphia . The good news ? The storm was moving fast and was n't predicted to paralyze the area as the massive storm did less than two weeks ago . The National Weather Service issued winter storm warnings , watches and advisories for portions of New York , New Jersey , Connecticut , Pennsylvania , Massachusetts and Vermont for Friday as well as Kentucky , Tennessee and North Carolina . Several major airlines -- including American , United/Continental , U.S. Airways and Delta -- announced to their customers that they could voluntarily reschedule flights to and from snow-affected areas without penalty . Southwest expanded the option for passengers flying in and out of not just New York and Pennsylvania airports but also to Washington Dulles and Baltimore . Forecasters project between 2 and 4 inches of snow across the greater New York City area , with heavier amounts of snow expected over eastern sections of Long Island . Snow was predicted later in the weekend for Atlanta and areas even further south . Emergency workers , criticized for their slow response to the blizzard two weeks ago , will now get another chance to prove themselves . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said New York has already instituted a series of changes in the aftermath of the Christmas weekend storm . The heavy snow over the Christmas weekend hampered morning commuters , delayed first responders and even prevented aircraft service personnel from reaching airports where 29 international flights were stuck on the tarmac for more than three hours , officials said . Following sharp criticism of the city 's slow response , John Doherty , the chief of the sanitation department , has made management and personnel shake-ups in Brooklyn . An investigation is underway into whether sanitation workers intentionally delayed clean-up efforts over frustrations of demotions and citywide budget cuts . Bloomberg also announced that some city snow plows will be fitted with global positioning systems in a pilot program meant to better track sanitation vehicles as officials brace for a winter storm . "  It gives us the ability to check on the location and progress of our snow plows , " Bloomberg told reporters , saying that the devices will be added to some trucks in New York 's Brooklyn and Queens boroughs where heavy snowfall last month left many residents snowbound . The city will also deploy scout teams to transmit video images of neighborhoods back to City Hall during clean-up efforts , the mayor said .	Winter storm warnings have been issued in several states New managers are in place for New York City departments criticized after the last storm Mayor Bloomberg says some city plows will be fitted with GPS systems to track them
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- Rescuers searched frantically for survivors after a packed ferry carrying at least 250 people capsized in southern Bangladesh , killing at least 32 people , police said Tuesday . The MV Shariatpur-1 sank in the Meghna River after colliding with a cargo ferry early Tuesday while passengers slept , a survivor said . "  We were seven in a cabin in the ferry , and six of my family members are still missing , " Mohammad Dulal Dewan told CNN . "  Everything happened before I could understand anything . " The 55-year-old survivor said he "  jumped into the river and was rescued by people in another passing ferry . " Dewan and his family were traveling to Dhaka , Bangladesh 's capital , to see his brother-in-law off to the United States . Shamim Fakir was scheduled to fly on his U.S. trip early Wednesday , Dewan said . He was still missing Tuesday evening . Mohammad Azizul Alam , the administrative chief of Munshiganj district , said officials had received a list of 61 missing people from families and the death toll might increase . "  We believe many bodies are still trapped inside the sunken ferry , and the rescue operation is still on , " Shahabuddin Khan , police chief of Munshiganj , told CNN . Khan said divers from the Bangladesh navy and the Fire Service and Civil Defence took part in the operation in addition to police and the Bangladesh Inland Water Transport Authority . The water authority 's chairman , Khandker Shamsuddoha Khandaker , told reporters the ferry had been traced 70 feet  more than 20 meters  under water . About 30 people were initially rescued after the ferry collided with the cargo boat on the river in Munshiganj district , about 25 miles  40 kilometers  south of Dhaka . The ferry was traveling to the nation 's capital from Shariatpur district . Ferry accidents are common on Bangladesh 's vast river network . Hundreds of people die in such accidents every year as the operators often ignore rules . Nearly 4,000 people are estimated to have lost their lives in ferry accidents since 1977 .	NEW : Survivor says , "  Six of my family members are still missing " NEW : At least 250 people were on board when boat collided with another ferry , police say NEW : More than 60 people remain unaccounted for , an official says Ferry accidents are common in Bangladesh
CNN  -- Despite the Chinese leadership 's austerity measures and recent reports of weak profits from Chinese car makers , the country 's biggest car show opened today to much buzz . More than a thousand vehicles are being showcased at the ten-day-long "  Auto China 2014 " Beijing International Automotive Exhibition . Throngs of auto journalists crowded around shiny new supercars , luxury sedans and green vehicles during the media preview on Sunday . International automakers flew in their top brass for the occasion , pushing the newest and best models to Chinese customers . According to a McKinsey report , China may overtake the United States as the largest premium car market as early as 2016 . International car giants are looking to cash in on the lucrative but highly competitive market . Industry leaders such as Rolls-Royce are hoping to secure their future with China 's moneyed customers . They will open three new dealerships in the country this year . "  China is now one of our leading markets together with the U.S. , " says CEO Torsten Muller-Otvos who was in Beijing to unveil two new models . "  In 2013 , one out of four cars manufactured in Goodwood  Rolls-Royce 's bespoke design studio  came to China . " Beijing was chosen for the world premiere of the Pinnacle Travel Phantom , the latest edition of the brand 's flagship customizable luxury sedan , as well as a Phantom from the Majestic Horse Collection , a limited edition range inspired by the Lunar Year of the Horse . Ultra-luxe automakers Bugatti , known for their elite sports cars , also held the world premiere for the new version of the Bugatti Veyron Type 18 "  Black Bess . " A legendary pre-war model that was one of the first supercars in the world , the updated version is on the market for $ 3.61 million . Only three will be made . Although the exhibition venue at the new China International Exhibition Center is far from the city center , police estimate that the Beijing Auto Show will attract an average of 120,000 visitors every day .	World 's top car makers flock to Beijing Auto Show despite austerity measures by Chinese leadership China to become world 's largest premium car market by 2016 New cars from Rolls-Royce , Bugatti , Mercedes-Benz and more
CNN  -- The unrest spreading through North Africa and the Middle East has reached the Persian Gulf nation of Bahrain , according to reports from the state news agency . At least three police officers and one demonstrator have been injured in clashes , the news agency reported . The injuries occurred during an attack on a police station during protests Sunday evening , the news agency said . After three officers were injured , police fired on protesters with rubber bullets , causing one injury , the news agency said . Further protests were scheduled to take place in Bahrain on Monday , making the country the latest in a string of nations to experience popular protests that began in Tunisia . Protesters who have organized on Facebook , Twitter and with e-mails want political reforms , including a constitutional monarchy . Recently , Bahrain 's King Hamad bin Isa Al Khalifa offered more than $ 2,500 to Bahraini families , ostensibly in celebration of Monday 's 10th annivesary of the adoption of the country 's National Action Charter . Bahrain hosts the headquarters of the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet .	At least four people were injured in protests in Bahrain Sunday evening More protests are scheduled for Monday Bahrain 's protests are the latest in a wave that began in Tunisia
CNN  -- Russia 's finance minister has played down the impact of a dialing-back of the U.S. Federal Reserve 's stimulus program , saying the country will weather it better than other developing economies . Anton Siluanov , speaking to CNN at the St. Petersburg International Economic Forum , said Russia 's lack of speculative capital flows would protect it from a slump . "  Russia , as opposed to other developing countries , will be less impacted by that occurrence , " he said . READ MORE : Ignore the Fed His comments come after a massive global sell-off triggered by Fed chairman Ben Bernanke 's suggestions that the Fed could begin to scale back the program later this year and end it completely in 2014 . Stock markets around the world sank , including by nearly 4 % in Russia . The country 's economy is already under pressure from investment outflows , lower commodity prices and a sinking ruble . It is one of the weaker BRIC nations , with growth tagged at just 2.4 % for 2013 , according to the International Monetary Fund , and its currency is at an 11-month low . READ MORE : World 's new powers do n't need the West However , Siluanov said he "  always remained an optimist " and believed Russia could face any economic headwinds from the Fed 's expected move . As for other markets , those "  waves of outflows " will die out and in three months would be "  nothing significant , " he said . Siluanov pointed to Russian investments into trouble-hit European nations as another reason behind capital outflow , and said the country would looking to spur its economy internally . WATCH MORE : Why is Russia 's economy slowing down ? It planned to tap its sovereign wealth fund for long-term infrastructure projects and cut the cost of state monopoly services , he said . Russia is also investing $ 70 billion into its upcoming global sports events , the Sochi Winter Olympics 2014 and the 2018 World Cup . However , Siluanov told CNN said the investment was not purely designed for growth . Sochi , the cost of which is reportedly $ 50 billion and rising , was "  never meant to be a purely economic growth stimulating initiative , " he said . "  It was always an infrastructure project . " According to Siluanov , "  it is designed to improve life in the region , " and "  make it more popular and attractive for our citizens . " CNN 's Irene Chapple contributed to this article	Russian Finance Minister says the country will not suffer from Fed dialing back stimulus Comments come as markets slump on suggestions program will wind back later this year and end in 2014 Anton Siluanov said the lack of speculative capital in Russia would protect it better than other developing economies The country is looking to spur its economy internally with infrastructure spend and service cost-cutting
CNN  -- Crew members on a U.S.-flagged ship learned Friday that their questioning by Venezuelan investigators in an arms trafficking probe has been delayed until Monday . Venezuelan authorities have held the ship in Maracaibo since August 29 , and took its captain into custody on Wednesday . The shipping vessel 's crew had expected to give depositions on Friday , according to a crew member who asked to remain anonymous because of security concerns . As of Friday night , prosecutors had yet to make a decision on the case , according to a manager of the ship 's customs brokers . The manager asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation . The captain and crew members were all expected to give statements to investigators , the manager said . The crew member who asked to remain anonymous said there were 14 crew members on board , plus the captain . Divers and drug investigators were inspecting the ship , and the captain was expected to be returned to move the ship from the docks to an anchorage in Maracaibo Bay on Saturday morning , the manager said Friday night . The manager identified the captain as Jeffrey Michael Raider , 45 , of Texas . The crew member who asked to remain anonymous said via e-mail Saturday night that the captain in fact had been returned to the ship to command it during its move to anchorage in the bay . The captain " is going back tonight . Every bit of news is speculative at this point , " The crew member said in the Saturday night e-mail . U.S. State Department spokesman Patrick Ventrell on Friday confirmed the ship and crew 's detention . "  We understand this has to do with questions about customs paperwork for some rifles they had on board for self-protection , " Ventrell told reporters . "  We , of course , know that the high seas and that piracy have been a major topic in recent months and years , and so that 's something we 've been combating . And indeed , it 's normal for many ships to have some type of self-defense on board . " U.S. officials are seeking more information on the case , and Ventrell said that the absence of a U.S. ambassador in Venezuela is n't hampering the American response . U.S. President Barack Obama nominated an ambassador for Venezuela in 2010 , but the Caracas government would n't allow him to assume the post . There is an active U.S. embassy in the country , however , and U.S. consular officials did visit the ship 's crew members on Thursday night , according to the crew member . "  We still have a large mission in Venezuela with appropriate consular personnel , " Ventrell said . "  I do n't want to get into hypotheticals about what our relationship could be with Venezuela . We are where we are , and we 'll continue to raise it as appropriate through diplomatic channels . " The Venezuelan Embassy in Washington said that "  this issue is being handled by our officials in Venezuela " and did n't have additional immediate comments Friday , spokeswoman Marielba Alvarez told CNN on Friday . Officials in Venezuela , meanwhile , did not respond Friday to requests for comment . Soldiers boarded the ship Wednesday , herded the crew into the mess and met with Raider before taking him away , the crew member who asked to remain anonymous said by e-mail Thursday evening . Arrest warrants have been issued for the entire crew , according to this crew member , who added that he believes that authorities mostly want to talk to the crew for depositions . The situation appeared tense , but the manager of the ship 's customs brokers said the government 's actions have not been aggressive and that both sides are cooperating and being respectful . "  It 's a legal process , but no one 's rights have been violated , " the manager said . The crew member , in another e-mail to CNN on Friday , said that though his colleagues were upset , no one had been mistreated . "  To be clear , at no point have we been threatened with physical injury , harm or death or had a gun pointed directly at our person . At all times the guns were pointed at the ground , " the crew member said . The customs brokerage manager said he had never seen a situation in which a ship was detained and searched in such a way , "  but the authorities of this country must have their motives " for doing so . In his Friday e-mail , the crew member gave a detailed account of what had happened since the ship docked in Maracaibo on August 29 . A few hours after the ship arrived , it was boarded by officials from Interpol , Venezuelan police officers and narcotics investigators who said they had received a tip that the vessel was smuggling drugs , the crew member said . Members of two separate agencies searched the ship , including the crew members ' rooms , with dogs . Then the Venezuelan authorities had the crew unload all the ship 's cargo so they could search it , and again did n't find any contraband , the crew member said . At a previous Venezuelan port , authorities sent divers twice to inspect the ship 's hull . But the officials did find weapons that the ship 's security team keeps in a locker for travel through areas known for piracy , like the Gulf of Aden . The captain had declared the weapons on arrival in Maracaibo and got cleared to have them , according to the crew member . But the Venezuelan authorities said the ship did n't have permission to have them and confiscated them , he added . The guns are locked in a bonded area , and they are only for the use of the security company that owns them , the crew member said . On September 1 , the crew was told the ship was under investigation for arms trafficking , and on Wednesday morning , the captain said the ship 's crew was officially charged . The captain made a court appearance during the day Wednesday , September 5 , and returned to the ship . That night , 20 to 30 armed soldiers demanded to be let aboard and left with the captain , the crew member said . The captain has n't been back to the ship since , the crew member said , but he has talked on the phone to the chief mate . The sister of another crew member , who has been in regular contact with her brother and asked not to be identified for security reasons , said crew members have heard that the captain was charged with arms trafficking . The captain was detained after he refused to let authorities arrest the crew , she said . The customs manager said he expects that the process will play itself out and that the captain will be able to show he had declared the weapons . "  We are in contact with the government of Venezuela on the matter , and are working to provide all appropriate consular assistance at the earliest opportunity , " said a U.S. State Department official who spoke on condition of anonymity . The Ocean Atlas , built in 2000 , is a 393-foot-long multipurpose vessel with two electro-hydraulic cranes and a grain and bale capacity of 395,000 cubic feet , according the website of Intermarine , a managing agent of vessel operating companies . An Intermarine spokesman was n't immediately available for comment Friday . The crew member who has been in contact with CNN lauded his union 's efforts Saturday . "  One of the silver linings of out situation is seeing how our union , the Sefarers International Union , has really come for through for its members , " he said . "  From the beginning , they were the first ones fighting for us and are working 24/7 to make sure this situation is resolved as soon as possible . " The crew member said life aboard the ship is tolerable , within limits . "  The mood is OK , " he said . "  Nobody feels scared of physical harm . We just want to go home . Maybe we are wearing thin on the edges a little , but nothing bad . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Catherine Shoichet , Elise Labott and Marilia Brocchetto , and journalist Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : Captain returned to vessel to move ship from docks , source says U.S. official says incident is about paperwork for rifles they had aboard for protection The crew 's scheduled depositions are pushed back to Monday , a crew member says A manager of the ship 's customs brokerage firm identifies the captain as Jeffrey Raider
CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration has launched an internal investigation into an air marshal field office in Florida where supervisors are alleged to have used a crew assignment board to ridicule and keep score on women , gays and minorities , sources told CNN . The board , resembling the TV game show "  Jeopardy , " includes categories such as "  pickle smokers , " "  our gang " and "  creatures , " which sources said were names used by managers for gay men , African-Americans and lesbians . A photograph of the board was sent to CNN . The Transportation Security Administration confirmed the investigation in a written statement but did not elaborate on when the board was in use , where it was displayed or how it was used . "  Following a referral from DHS Office of the Inspector General , TSA 's Office of Inspection is conducting an ongoing investigation at the Orlando Field office , " the statement said . "  The Transportation Security Administration is dedicated to ensuring all employees are treated in a fair and lawful manner , " it said . "  Accordingly , TSA takes all allegations of misconduct seriously . The Federal Air Marshal Service will continue to provide its full cooperation and support to the investigation . " TSA 's Office of Inspection will present its findings to TSA 's acting administrator for appropriate action , the agency said .	Managers ridiculed gay men , African-Americans , lesbians , sources say Board was made to look like categories in TV game show "  Jeopardy " TSA 's Office of Inspection is investigating at the Orlando Field office , " statement says
Mental Floss  -- In the words of Vice President John Nance Garner , the vice presidency "  is n't worth a pitcher of warm piss . " Vice President Aaron Burr is best known for shooting and killing Alexander Hamilton in a duel in 1804 . That may be true , but the characters who 've held the job are definitely worth a few good pages of trivia . Join mental_floss in toasting seven backup plans that made this country great . 1 . Chester Arthur : James Garfield 's V.P. Chester Arthur took office under the thickest cloud of suspicion . As a lieutenant in Senator Roscoe Conkling 's political machine , Arthur held one of the most lucrative positions in government : collector for the port of New York . For seven years , Arthur raked in approximately $ 40,000 annually  about $ 700,000 today  , running a corrupt spoils system for thousands of payroll employees . With so much money and power , Arthur developed an affinity for fancy clothes and earned the nickname "  the Gentleman Boss . " But his luck did n't last . President Rutherford Hayes eventually stepped in and fired him from the post . Even with the kickback scandal and claims that he 'd been born in Canada  which should 've disqualified him for the vice presidency  , Arthur still managed to get elected on James Garfield 's 1880 ticket . After Garfield passed away 199 days into his presidency , Arthur did n't hesitate to sign the Pendleton Civil Service Reform Act . Much to the chagrin of Conkling , the Act revamped civil service by effectively killing the same patronage system that made Arthur very , very rich . In cleaning up civil service , Arthur also cleaned up his reputation , and he exited the White House a hero . 2 . Henry Wallace : Franklin Roosevelt 's second V.P. Henry Wallace was a dedicated devotee of Eastern mysticism . While serving as U.S. Secretary of Agriculture in the 1930s , he allegedly sent his guru to Mongolia under the pretense of collecting grasses that could withstand drought . In reality , Wallace was diverting funds to help his guru hunt for evidence that Christ had visited Asia . But it was n't Wallace 's spiritual beliefs that landed him America 's No. 2 job . Wallace was a big Franklin Roosevelt fan and supported his entire platform , which is why Roosevelt handpicked him as his third-term running mate in 1940 . Wallace was n't popular with the Democratic Party , but when Roosevelt made it clear he would n't run without him , the party acquiesced . As vice president , Wallace made many international goodwill trips . Most famously , he traveled to the Soviet Union , where he experienced a political transformation that resulted in him becoming an avowed Soviet apologist . His communist leanings did nothing for his image , especially once he became secretary of commerce under President Truman . In 1948 , Wallace unsuccessfully ran for president on the Progressive Party ticket , espousing views that sounded shockingly Marxist . He even described corporations as "  midget Hitlers " attempting to crush the labor class . But nobody can say Wallace did n't know how to own up to his mistakes . In 1952 , he recanted his support of the Soviet Union in a magazine article called "  Where I was Wrong . " By then , however , his political career was over . Wallace spent the rest of his life conducting agricultural experiments on his farm in New York . 3 . William Rufus de Vane King : Franklin Pierce 's V.P. William R. King was sworn into office in Cuba , becoming the only executive officer to take the oath on foreign soil . King had gone to Cuba to recuperate from tuberculosis and severe alcoholism , but it did n't work . He died in 1853 after being vice president for just 25 days . That might not be the most memorable thing about King , though . It 's widely rumored that the former V.P. was homosexual . Further still , he 's suspected of being James Buchanan 's lover . Neither King nor Buchanan ever married , and they lived together in Washington for 15 years before Buchanan became president . Of course , King 's predilection for wearing scarves and wigs only fanned the rumors . President Andrew Jackson used to call him "  Miss Nancy , " and Aaron Brown , a fellow Southern Democrat , dubbed him "  Aunt Fancy . " 4 . Richard M. Johnson : Martin Van Buren 's V.P. Despite his credentials as a war hero and a Kentucky senator , Vice President Richard M. Johnson was never accepted in Washington . Perhaps that 's because he dressed like a farmhand , cursed like a sailor , and made no secret of his three black mistresses , who were also his slaves . The first mistress bore him two daughters before she passed away ; the second tried to run off with a Native American chief , but Johnson captured and resold her ; and the third was the second one 's sister . Johnson attempted to introduce this third mistress into polite society , but the couple was n't well-received . With the support of Andrew Jackson , Johnson landed the vice presidency under Martin Van Buren in 1836 . After four years of public relations disasters , Jackson withdrew his support . Nonetheless , Van Buren kept Johnson on his ticket , and the two lost their re-election bid in 1840 . 5 . Aaron Burr : Thomas Jefferson 's V.P. No story on vice presidents would be complete without Aaron Burr -- best known for shooting and killing Alexander Hamilton in a duel in 1804 . After the incident , Burr went back to presiding over the Senate . From there , he plotted a treasonous conspiracy to become emperor of the western United States and Mexico . The plan could have worked , but one of Burr 's co-conspirators ratted him out . He was tried in 1807 before the Supreme Court , which found him not guilty , mainly because he had n't actually committed the treason yet . A free man , Burr turned his sights on Florida . He went to France and tried to convince Napoleon Bonaparte to help him conquer the swampland , but that plan foundered , too . Although his political high jinks often failed , Burr consistently found success with the ladies . After his wife died in 1794 , Burr remained a bachelor for 40 years , making the acquaintance of several eligible socialites . He enjoyed flirtations with Philadelphia debutantes , as well as a widow named Dolley Payne Todd -- later known as Dolley Madison , wife of James Madison . At age 76 , Burr married a wealthy widow of ill-repute and plundered her fortune . Citing numerous infidelities on his part , she filed for divorce and was actually granted it . Unfortunately for her , it came through on the day Burr died . 6 . Andrew Johnson : Abraham Lincoln 's 4th V.P. Andrew Johnson took his 1865 vice-presidential oath drunk as a skunk and belligerent as hell . Having grown up dirt poor , Johnson felt the aristocracy in Washington had abused his kinfolk . Glassy-eyed and smelling of whiskey , he reminded Congress , the Supreme Court , the Cabinet , and pretty much everyone within hearing distance that they owed their positions to "  plebeians " such as himself , then kissed the Bible and staggered away . Needless to say , his address was poorly received . The New York World opined , "  To think that one frail life stands between this insolent , clownish creature and the presidency ! May God bless and spare Abraham Lincoln ! " Unfortunately , God did n't . The South surrendered six days before Lincoln 's assassination , leaving Johnson to handle Reconstruction -- a job he bungled so completely that Congress moved to impeach him . Incredibly , Johnson avoided being booted out of office by just one vote . 7 . John Cabell Breckenridge : James Buchanan 's V.P. By all accounts , John C. Breckenridge was a Kentucky gentleman in the grandest sense . He had an impressive career as a lawyer and a representative in the Kentucky House . More notably , at age 36 , he became the youngest vice president in history . But , like Aaron Burr , things took a turn for Breckenridge when he was charged with treason . In September 1861 , only a few months after his vice presidential term had ended , Union and Confederate forces invaded his home state of Kentucky . Breckenridge cast his lot with the Confederates , and the federal government promptly indicted him . Breckenridge headed south and became Jefferson Davis ' secretary of war . But when the Confederacy surrendered in 1865 , Breckenridge was forced to go on the lam . He hid for the next two months in Georgia and Florida before escaping to Cuba . Breckinridge , his wife , and their children spent the next four years in exile , wandering through Canada , England , Europe , and the Middle East , until President Andrew Johnson issued a General Amnesty Proclamation on Christmas in 1868 . The following March , Breckenridge returned to the country with his family , but his name was n't officially cleared until 1958 , when a Kentucky circuit court judge dismissed his indictment . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Chester Arthur maintained lucrative employment as the collector for port of NY Andrew Johnson took his 1865 vice-presidential oath drunk and belligerent as hell Aaron Burr tried to conspire with Napoleon to conquer Florida , but failed Both Aaron Burr and John Breckenridge were charged with treason
Nairobi , Kenya  CNN  -- Propped up by strangers , a woman wails outside Nairobi 's main city morgue , unable to control her grief . She enters the brown makeshift counseling tent -- but her screams still echo outside . At the same time , dozens of families linger and wait , not sure whether their loved ones are dead or alive . Janet Mwikali cradled her granddaughter as she longed for any word on Monday . Her husband John worked inside the mall 's Nakumatt grocery store and was among the missing . "  I have hope , and I pray , " she said . "  He 's the love of my life . " It 's a scene that 's played out many times since Al-Shabaab gunmen stormed Westgate Mall on Saturday . As many as 63 people are still unaccounted for , days after the siege began . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack But the odds seem grim . At least 67 people are dead , and many more may be trapped in the rubble of the partially-collapsed building . The Kenyan government announced Tuesday the siege had ended , but no more corpses arrived at the main city morgue . So the agonizing wait continues . American teens among mall attackers , Kenya says A time of mourning , remembrance for those who know For those who know for certain their loved ones are gone , a long road to recovery begins . Mourners gathered Thursday to honor popular Radio Africa host Ruhila Adatia-Sood , who died while judging a children 's cooking competition at the mall . Several children also were shot . Adatia-Sood was pregnant with her first child when she died . Adatia-Sood 's relatives told CNN 's David McKenzie in an emotional interview that the young mother-to-be was , as her sister Pinky Adatia Armaid described , "  the glue that held us together . " "  She was a media person . Everybody knew her . Everybody loved her and everybody -- if they knew she was going to be somewhere , they would come out to see her , just to see what she was like . She loved kids . Kids loved her . " "  She was the light in our family , " said sister-in-law Komal Sood Blount . "  She has only been with a short time , but it feels like she was with us forever . " Ram Sharma , the priest for Adatia-Sood 's husband 's family , said that Adatia-Sood was "  so happy that she is receiving a baby . " "  Her tragic killing and the killing of her unborn child has  left  an irreparable hole in this tightly knit community . " As mourners gathered Thursday , relatives said they were overwhelmed by an outpouring of sympathy , support and personal loss from those who knew Adatia-Sood and from those who were among her many fans . "  We were really touched , " said Pinky Adatia Arnaud . "  I 've see all the communities coming together , no matter what their religion , their color . I just hope people will stick together whether Ruhila was here or not . " The dreaded outcome For those left waiting and wondering outside the morgue , hope is the only consolation . They hope to never see their loved ones wheeled by . But they desperately want answers . A day after Mwikali clutched her granddaughter , praying for her husband 's return , she found her husband 's body at the morgue . She was too despondent to speak . CNN 's Arwa Damon reported from Nairobi ; Holly Yan wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Faith Karimi and Atika Shubert contributed to this report .	Dozens of relatives have been waiting for answers outside a Nairobi morgue As many as 63 people are still unaccounted for after Westgate Mall shooting The funeral for radio host Ruhila Adatia-Sood takes place At least 67 have been killed , but that number could rise
CNN  -- A 44-year-old Alabama man has been indicted on 68 counts tied to a pair of shootings and other alleged crimes last month in and around Tuscaloosa , a district attorney announced Friday . Nathan Van Wilkins was first charged by authorities with 17 counts of attempted murder on July 17 tied to an early-morning shooting at a bar in Tuscaloosa , police Sgt. Brent Blankley said . At that time , he also faced another attempted murder charge for a shooting late on July 16 in a nearby subdivision , according to Blankley . After those charges were levied , Van Wilkins was ordered held in a county jail on a $ 2 million bond . A Tuscaloosa County grand jury then considered the case , returning a 68-count indictment on Thursday . The office of county District Attorney Tommy Smith detailed the charges in a press release Friday . The indictment alleges that Van Wilkins is responsible for shootings and other crimes at five locations . Victims of Alabama bar shooting improving He is charged with 19 counts of attempted murder , 19 counts of assault in the first degree and 17 counts of assault in the second degree for shooting and wounding 19 people in Tuscaloosa and his hometown of Northport , the district attorney 's office said . The Northport shooting occurred in a neighborhood residence , while the second happened about an hour later at the Copper Top bar near the University of Alabama 's campus . Van Wilkins is charged on two counts of shooting into an occupied building related to both those incidents . Additionally , authorities say that Van Wilkins set fires in Northport and Brookwood at buildings and vehicles tied to his former employer , which was not named . The fire in Northport happened before the shootings , and multiple fires in Brookwood took place afterward , the district attorney 's office said . For those alleged crimes , Van Wilkins is charged with two counts of second-degree arson , four counts of first-degree criminal mischief and three counts of attempted criminal mischief . The suspect also faces one count of fraudulent use of a credit card and one count of third-degree burglary , according to CNN affiliate WBRC . Tuscaloosa police Chief Steve Anderson said soon after the shootings that they were confident Van Wilkins was responsible "  based on some of the things he 's told us . " On the afternoon of July 17 , the suspect went into a business in Jasper , about 50 miles north of Tuscaloosa , and "  indicated he was involved in the incident , " according to the police chief . As of of Friday , no weapon tied to the shootings has been recovered . But authorities have found at least 11 shell casings from the Copper Top bar scene , which they compared to those from the Northport neighborhood shooting . Alabama bar shooting suspect charged Surveillance video showed a man walking up to the Tuscaloosa bar , standing outside for a few minutes looking for someone and then beginning to shoot a military-style assault rifle , Anderson said . Afterward , 17 people were admitted to the city 's DCH Regional Medical Center with shooting-related injuries , according to Blankley . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	Alabama grand jury returns a 68-count indictment against Nathan Van Wilkins He is tied to two shootings , as well as several other crimes 17 people were injured in early-morning shooting at a Tuscaloosa bar
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Southwest Airlines will pay $ 7.5 million to settle complaints that it flew unsafe aircraft , and the fine will double unless the airline completes additional safety measures within a year , federal regulators announced Monday . The FAA found Southwest operated jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing certain mandatory inspections . The Federal Aviation Administration originally recommended more than $ 10 million in civil penalties in 2008 after finding Southwest operated 46 of its Boeing 737 jets on nearly 60,000 flights without performing mandatory inspections for fatigue cracks in their fuselages . FAA documents obtained by CNN found that in some cases , Southwest aircraft flew for 30 months after government inspection deadlines had passed . A congressional panel concluded the planes were "  not airworthy , " and two FAA whistle-blowers said agency managers let the airline conduct the safety checks on a slower schedule to avoid disrupting flights . The Dallas , Texas-based airline said it was happy to have settled "  all outstanding issues with the FAA . " "  This settlement with the FAA will allow us to focus on safety going forward , rather than on issues that are now behind us and that have already been addressed , " Southwest Airlines said in a written statement . CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers contributed to this report .	Fine will double unless airline completes additional safety measures within a year FAA found Southwest flew 46 jets without checking for fatigue cracks in fuselages FAA documents : Aircraft flew for 30 months after inspection deadlines passed Southwest happy to have settled "  all outstanding issues with the FAA "
CNN  -- Carlos Tevez will face disciplinary action from Manchester City after the Argentina striker 's apparent refusal to come on as a substitute during a European Champions League match with Bayern Munich . City said in a statement on Wednesday that Tevez , 27 , had a case to answer in relation to "  breach of contract " , having conducted an investigation into the events which occurred during the club 's 2-0 defeat at the Allianz Arena on September 27 . The former club captain was suspended by City following the incident , but the statement also confirmed Tevez was expected to return to training with manager Roberto Mancini 's team on Thursday . Tevez strike is sad for soccer "  The club has now reached a stage in its investigation where it has concluded that there is a case for Carlos Tevez to answer of alleged breaches of contract , " read the statement on City 's official website . "  Accordingly , the club has informed him that he will face disciplinary proceedings and the hearing will be convened shortly . Carlos will be required to report to Roberto Mancini for training on Thursday . " British newspaper The Guardian reported every player and coach interviewed during City 's investigation refused to back-up Tevez 's claims that the events in Munich were the result of a "  misunderstanding " between himself and Italian coach Mancini . The publication goes on to claim Tevez will be hit with a six-week fine , which could be as much as $ 2.3 million dollars given the former Corinthians star 's alleged $ 392,000-per-week wages . The multi-million dollar figure would represent the largest sanction ever handed to a footballer in Britain . Tevez denied he had refused to take to the pitch against Bayern , saying in his own statement following the match with the German outfit : "  I wish to state that I never refused to play . "  There was some confusion on the bench and I believe my position may have been misunderstood . Going forward I am ready to play when required and to fulfil my obligations . " Tevez suspended by Manchester City One-time West Ham forward Tevez has been consistently linked with a move away from City over the past 12 months , after handing in a transfer request in December 2010 . The former Boca Juniors players also saw a move back to Corinthians fall through in July , with the Brazilian outfit claiming there was insufficient time to complete the deal before the close of the transfer window . Tevez is yet to score for City this season having been their top marksman last campaign with 20 English Premier League goals . The Citziens return to domestic action this weekend , with Aston Villa visiting the Etihad Stadium on Saturday .	Manchester City say Carlos Tevez has a case to answer of breach of contract Tevez allegedly refused to come on as a substitute during match with Bayern Munich The Argentina striker could be hit with a record fine for a footballer in Britain
CNN  -- Hackers apparently attacked several NATO websites Saturday , but they did not interrupt operations nor was the integrity of NATO 's systems affected , NATO spokeswoman Oana Lungescu said on Twitter . The websites were down for several hours from what 's known as distributed denial-of-service attacks , she said . CNN was unable to access at least three NATO websites hours after the NATO statement . NATO did not say who was responsible , but a Ukrainian website claiming to belong to a group called Cyber Berkut declared in Russian that it originated the attack . "  We , Cyber Berkut , announce that today at 6:00 p.m. we started the cyberattack on NATO resources , " the site proclaims "  We , Cyber Berkut , will not allow the presence NATO occupation on the territory of our homeland , because it opposes NATO intervention in Ukraine , " the statement said . The attack comes the day before a controversial vote on the secession of Crimea from Ukraine . Cyber Berkut is a reference to the riot police known as Berkut , which was used by ousted Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovych . On eve of vote , Russian troops reported in Ukraine outside of Crimea CNN team in Crimea : This is a McMoment to remember	NATO says some of its websites were attacked by hackers The attack did not affect NATO systems , a spokeswoman said A Ukrainian website claims responsibility for the attack
NAIROBI , Kenya  CNN  -- An Al Qaeda-linked militant group waging war against Somalia 's fragile government is becoming an increasing threat to Western ally Kenya and could potentially destabilize the region with dire consequences for global security , officials and analysts warn . Al-Shabab fighters count their bullets in neighborhood of Mogadishu . Al-Shabaab , one of the strongest Islamic militias battling for control of Mogadishu , has gained ground in recent weeks , according to officials , and has started to flex its muscles beyond Somalia 's border with terror strikes , kidnappings and recruitment drives . They warn that unless the world takes action the group , which wants to impose an extreme type of Islamic sharia law , could extend its grip across parts of East Africa to gain control of a region that flanks busy shipping routes already plagued by Somali pirates Appeals by Somalia 's government for international help to unpick its long-running civil conflict have escalated Al-Shabaad 's threats with the group behind warnings of an attack on the Kenyan capital , Nairobi . And , say experts , the group is being backed by foreign fighters -- some said to have links to Osama bin Laden 's Al Qaeda network -- a situation that draws direct comparisons with the group 's influence in pre-9 / 11 Afghanistan . "  Al-Shabaab is a threat to the whole world , " Somali Information Minister Farhan Ali Mohamoud told CNN . "  First to Somalia , to the neighborhood , and to everywhere they have disagreed with . " Watch more on Somalian threat " Mohamoud , whose transitional government has largely failed in its long-term goal of reconciling Somalia 's militias , concedes Al-Shabaab is making major gains on his administration and says the global community must act to prevent their threat escalating . "  Somalia 's problems are not for Somalia alone to solve . Not only for the African Union to solve . It is a global and regional issue . We are very appreciative that the international community understands that , but they need to act now , rather than later . " "  The issue is not Somalis taking over from other Somalis . But the issue is foreign jihadists imposing their ideas into the region . So Somalia can be a launching pad for a greater and wider jihadist issue . " Kenyan government spokesman Alfred Mutua told CNN his country did not yet fear direct attacks from Al-Shabaab but said it was becoming increasingly alarmed about its activities and its links to foreign networks . Despite the concerns , Mutua said the problem was nothing new and while his country struggled to exert control over its porous border with Somalia , it was taking steps to limit the danger . But he warned the threat was not limited to Kenya and could have global reach . "  We do believe that Al-Shabaab poses a threat , not only to Kenya , but to all neighboring countries such as Ethiopia and Eritrea , " he said . "  It is not just a problem that we foresee in Kenya , just because we are neighbors to them , it is a problem that we foresee that may occur to a lot of countries and also poses a threat to outside even this region , " he added . "  Our concern is not limited to Al-Shabaab . We know that Al-Shabaab are not able to do it without foreign intervention in terms of money and weapons that they are getting from other countries . " Ernst Jan Hogendoorn , an analyst with the International Crisis Group , told CNN that while Al-Shabaab had whipped up concerns with headline grabbing acts such as the recent kidnap of two French citizens in Mogadishu and three aid workers on the Kenyan side of the border , countries such as Kenya should pay heed . "  I think that Kenya could do a much better job . There is always the possibility that someone could sneak across the border and launch an attack against a soft target . Obviously Kenya has been the target of attacks in the past that are very , very challenging to prevent . " But , says Hogendoorn , with an African Union peacekeeping mission in Somalia proving largely ineffective , and Ethiopian military presence withdrawn in January ahead of an Al-Shabaab push , Kenyan military involvement was unlikely to offer any quick fix . "  The problem is once -LSB- Kenyan troops -RSB- are on the ground they open themselves up to guerrilla style attacks and suicide attacks that could lead to significant loss in life . "	Experts , officials warn of growing threat from Somali militant group Al-Shabaab is one of strongest Islamic militias battling for Mogadishu Kenya says danger is to region and world despite threats on Nairobi
Actor James Avery , who played the beloved Uncle Phil on the hit 1990s sitcom "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , " has died , his publicist said Wednesday . He was 68 . The cause of death was complications from open-heart surgery , said his manager , Toni Benson . Avery had surgery on November 11 and died Tuesday evening at a hospital in Glendale , California , according to Benson . "  Fresh Prince " co-star Joseph Marcell , who played the family butler Geoffrey , told CNN that Avery was "  a marvelous man and a truly wonderful actor . " Avery played Philip Banks , the stern but loving uncle to Will Smith 's character on the show . "  He strove to present an Uncle Phil that everybody wishes was their uncle , " Marcell said . Avery believed the show was important because the "  striving of the African-American ought to have been shown on television , " Marcell said . "  What he has done for television , for African-Americans on television is unsurpassable . " "  Fresh Prince " co-star Alfonso Ribeiro tweeted news of Avery 's passing . "  I 'm deeply saddened to say that James Avery has passed away , " Ribeiro wrote . "  He was a second father to me . I will miss him greatly . Jada Pinkett Smith , wife of Will Smith , posted the couple 's condolences Wednesday on her verified Facebook page . "  Our condolences to aunt Florence  his mother  , Miss Barbara  his wife  and all those who loved him , " Pinkett Smith wrote . A classically trained actor and poet , Avery grew up in Atlantic City , New Jersey , where he was raised by a single mother . He served in the Navy during the Vietnam War and first appeared onscreen as a dancer in an uncredited role in the 1980 film "  The Blues Brothers . " A biography provided by his manager said that after he served in the military , Avery moved to San Diego , California , where he began writing TV scripts and poetry for PBS . Before joining the military , he once said , he had dreams of being like Richard Wright and living in Paris . But life took a different turn . "  I knew I loved the arts , " Avery said in an interview for the show "  Unscripted . " "  I knew I wanted to be a writer , but the theater was something I had been involved in before . " Avery appeared in multiple TV shows and movies , including "  CSI , " "  That '70s Show , " "  The Closer " and several appearances as a judge on "  L.A. Law . " Indeed , with his deep , mellifluous voice , he frequently played judges , professors and doctors -- Uncle Phil began as a lawyer and eventually became a judge -- and was much in demand as a voice actor . His voice roles included Shredder in the "  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles " series and James "  Rhodey " Rhodes in the 1990s animated series version of "  Iron Man . " He most recently appeared in Zach Braff 's new film , "  Wish I Was Here , " which will premiere at the Sundance Film Festival later this month . But his most famous role was on "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air , " which aired from 1990 to 1996 . The show , co-executive produced by Quincy Jones and created by Andy Borowitz and Susan Borowitz , cast Smith -- then best known as a rapper -- as a Philadelphia teenager who is sent to live with his wealthy Los Angeles relatives . As Banks , a former civil rights activist and Harvard Law-trained attorney , Avery provided a role model for Smith 's sometimes wild character . Avery , too , leveled with youthful audiences , noting in "  Unscripted " that he left home at 18 because "  I had too good a time . " In a 2007 interview with the New York Film Academy , he was forthright about his abilities . "  You can either be a movie star or an actor . I 'm an actor , " Avery said . "  But  I 've done pretty good . " He is survived by his wife of 26 years , Barbara Avery ; his mother , Florence Avery of Atlantic City ; and a stepson , Kevin Waters . People we lost in 2013	"  He strove to present an Uncle Phil that everybody wishes was their uncle , " co-star Joseph Marcell says Avery starred as Uncle Phil on "  The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air " Co-star Alfonso Ribeiro tweeted the news of Avery 's death Avery was a classically trained actor raised in New Jersey
CNN  -- More Arizona and New Mexico residents Wednesday returned to their homes , in some cases to find them intact , in other cases to sift through debris left by a massive wildfire . The Wallow fire in east central Arizona is one of 58 large wildfires burning in the United States , from Alaska to Florida , according to the National Interagency Coordination Center . All told , the fires have burned 2,166 square miles or 1.4 million acres -- nearly the size of Delaware . The largest of the fires continues to be Arizona 's Wallow fire , which has burned 529,825 acres so far , the fire 's incident command team announced Wednesday . Officials said it is about 58 % contained . While residents in Greer , Arizona , and Luna , New Mexico , have been allowed home , evacuation orders remain in effect in other locations . Residents in parts of Apache County , Arizona , also have been told to be prepared to evacuate should . CNN iReporter Andrew Pielage , a hotel manager in suburban Phoenix , took photos of burned homes in Greer . "  As a photographer , I 'm here to document what 's happening , " Pielage said . "  Just because the flames are out does n't mean the fire is done with . I really feel for the people of Greer and their loss . " Pielage said he was impressed by the perseverance of firefighters and those who live in the community . "  The photos document both the relentless work the firefighters did to save the homes of Greer as well as , tragically , the ones they could not , " he said . Greer residents were ordered to evacuate on June 6 , two days before the Wallow fire blew through their town of about 200 inhabitants and scorched at least 22 homes and 24 outbuildings . They were allowed home beginning Monday . A voluntary evacuation order was issued Wednesday for Pender County , North Carolina , residents affected by a fire . More than 18,000 acres have burned in the Holly Shelter Game Land area northeast of Wilmington , officials said . No homes had been damaged . In Texas , a fast-moving fire near Grimes County destroyed at least 26 homes as it burned across more than 4,000 acres . The fire was caused by homeowners grilling near Stoneham , Texas , CNN affiliate KHOU-TV reported . Grimes County Sheriff Don Sowell said officials have identified a person of interest who is believed to have built the barbecue pit that started the fire , but authorities do not believe there was any intent of arson . The speed of the fire forced evacuations of whole subdivisions throughout the area . Jerome Seeberger , who owns 40 acres in Grimes County , said there is just one word to describe the scene . "  Apocalypse , " he told KHOU as he stood in front of a backdrop of charred trees . "  I 've never seen anything like this . Such a beautiful forest two days ago and now look at it . " The number of wildfires so far this year is below the 10-year average for the United States , according to the U.S. Forest Service . But the number of acres burned is three times that 10-year average , according to the agency . While some state and local authorities have reported stretched resources from the widespread fires , Forest Service Chief Tom Tidwell told Congress last week that there 's plenty of capacity to continue fighting fires . The U.S. Forest Service and the Department of the Interior have about 16,000 trained firefighters available nationwide , Tidwell said . The agency also has left-over funds from previous years to pay higher-than-usual firefighting costs . Two Florida Division of Forestry firefighters died Monday while fighting a wildfire in north-central Florida that had been declared contained but suddenly burst out of control , Amanda Bevis , a division spokeswoman , said Tuesday . CNN 's Craig Bell contributed to this report .	More than 10,000 firefighters battle wildfires in 12 states Acreage burned this year is three times the 10-year average , U.S. agency says A fast-moving Texas wildfire forces the evacuation of 1,800 homes and businesses Arizona 's Wallow fire has burned 527,774 acres
CNN  -- Dealing with deep drug war wounds is a top issue on Mexico 's presidential campaign trail , but the election results could have an impact on both sides of the Mexico-U.S. border . As candidates across party lines suggest new strategies , like reducing violence and taking troops off the streets , some U.S. lawmakers say they 're nervous that cross-border cooperation could wane after Mexican voters pick a new president July 1 . Last week , a Republican congressman told the head of the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration that he was concerned about Mexico 's "  impending change in power . " And Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , said in February that he feared at least one Mexican presidential candidate was not committed to continuing his country 's campaign against organized crime . Worries in Washington as Mexico 's election looms are a reminder of the close ties binding the neighboring nations . The two countries share billions of dollars in trade and a border that stretches for nearly 2,000 miles . Millions of U.S. citizens travel to Mexico every year , and millions of Mexican immigrants -- legal and illegal -- live in the United States . "  Almost no other country affects the United States as much on a day to day basis as Mexico , " said Shannon O'Neil , a Latin American studies fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations . "  What happens in Mexico is hugely important for the United States . " For nearly six years , a brutal drug war in Mexico with a staggering death toll of more than 47,500 people has dominated discussions between the two countries . Photos : Violence in Juarez Announcing a crackdown on cartels and sending troops into the streets to help fight the battle were among the first major moves by President Felipe Calderon after he took office in December 2006 . The United States voiced its support and offered $ 1.6 billion to aid in the fight . U.S. officials have praised growing cooperation with the Mexican government as a key weapon in the war on drugs . But on the campaign trail in Mexico this year , the three leading candidates have stressed the need to shift strategies . Is Mexico 's drug war strategy working ? Leftist candidate Andres Manuel Lopez Obrador of the opposition Democratic Revolution Party has summed up his security policy as "  abrazos , no balazos "  hugs , not bullets  . He started his campaign with a pledge to pull back troops from Mexico 's streets , but he said last month that the military would remain deployed until there is a "  trained , skilled and moralized " police force . Josefina Vazquez Mota of the ruling National Action Party has apparently tried to distance herself from Calderon 's policies with a simple slogan : "  Josefina Diferente "  Different Josefina  . "  The results will be measured not just by criminals captured , but by how stable and secure communities are , " her campaign website says . The Mexico drug war : Bodies for billions Enrique Pena Nieto of the opposition Institutional Revolutionary Party  PRI  has pledged to focus more on reducing violence and less on catching cartel leaders and blocking drugs from reaching the United States . He told CNNMexico that federal , state and local authorities would coordinate a better security plan on his watch . "  I propose adjusting the strategy and making a national front that involves the three levels of the government , focused on diminishing the violence in the country , " he said . Some political opponents of Pena Nieto , whose party governed Mexico for more than 70 years until 2000 , have warned that negotiating with drug cartels and gangs could be on his agenda -- an accusation that Pena Nieto has repeatedly denied . Fareed Zakaria : Mexico on the rise But his denials have n't squelched speculation on both sides of the border that negotiating with cartels -- or at least easing the pressure on them -- could be on the table . In a congressional hearing last week , U.S. Rep. Jim Sensenbrenner said the war on drugs was nearing a "  potential crossroad , " referring to Pena Nieto 's plan and his party 's political history . "  While in power , the PRI minimized violence by turning a blind eye to the cartels , " the Wisconsin Republican said , noting that Pena Nieto "  does not emphasize stopping drug shipments or capturing kingpins . " Minutes earlier , DEA Administrator Michele Leonhart had testified that Mexico had extradited more than 200 accused suspects to the United States since 2010 . "  Without reservation , I would characterize the cooperation between United States and Mexico at an all-time high , " she said . Sensenbrenner said the close teamwork could be short-lived . "  I worry that the relationship could be at a high water mark with the impending change in power , " he said . In a statement the next day , Pena Nieto 's campaign said he was committed to combatting organized crime . "  The law is applied , it is never negotiated , " the statement said . No matter who wins , the election will likely mark "  a change from where U.S.-Mexico security strategy has been , " said O'Neil of the Council on Foreign Relations . But the shift is something U.S. officials who work with Mexico have prepared for , she said . Robert Pastor , director of the Center for North American Studies at American University in Washington , said a change in presidential leadership will give Mexican officials a chance to consider fresh approaches to deal with drug-related violence and other issues that affect the United States , such as economic and energy policies . "  Between the three candidates and the predecessors , there would be an opportunity to reflect on what worked , and what did n't work , and how , perhaps things should be changed , " he said . The concerns from some U.S. lawmakers about a shift in drug war strategy are overblown , he said . "  All three of the major candidates have committed themselves to fighting drug trafficking and reducing the violence , " Pastor said . "  All three are very much committed to working with the United States . " That itself is a notable shift from past elections , when cross-border relations soured or sweetened based on who won the presidential vote , according to Andrew Selee , director of the Mexico Institute at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars . "  The U.S.-Mexico relationship has now matured to a point where changes in party and personality matter less than they used to , " he said . "  This is a country that matters enormously for the U.S. , and for the first time , perhaps , what happens in the elections wo n't change -LSB- that relationship -RSB- much . " Mexico 's candidates vow a different kind of drug war CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Deadly drug war among top issues as Mexican presidential hopefuls suggest new strategies Some U.S. lawmakers fear cross-border cooperation could wane after July 1 vote What 's new : Three leading candidates are committed to working with U.S. , analysts say
CNN  -- A statue worth more than $ 10,000 that was stolen from the Palm Beach , Florida , estate of Wall Street investment adviser Bernard Madoff has been recovered , police said Thursday . The statue was found with a message apparently aimed at the owner , who is charged with securities fraud . Palm Beach police Sgt. Chris Proscia said the 4-foot-high statue was found Wednesday morning with a message attached to it reading : "  Bernie the Swindler , Lesson : Return stolen property to rightful owners . " The statue was stolen December 19 , eight days after Madoff was arrested in New York on suspicion of operating a $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme . He was charged with securities fraud and is under house arrest in New York while awaiting court proceedings . Police said the statue , which depicts two lifeguards sitting on a bench , was discovered undamaged in some bushes a few blocks from Madoff 's million-dollar Palm Beach estate . Watch what neighbors think of the statue case " The note on it was signed , "  The Educators . " The theft , which was discovered by a property manager for Madoff , is under investigation , authorities said . The investor was charged in December with one count of securities fraud . Watch Jeanne Moos report on how people are mad at Madoff " His $ 10 million bail is secured by properties owned by him and his wife , including the Manhattan apartment and the Palm Beach estate . CNN 's Christian Chinnici contributed to this report .	Statue was reported stolen in December from Florida estate of Bernard Madoff Statue recovered with message : "  Lesson : Return stolen property to rightful owners " Madoff was arrested in December , accused of operating $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme
HARARE , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- Robert Mugabe 's political rivals Saturday accused the Zimbabwean president of "  ambush " in allocating key ministries to his own party in defiance of a power-sharing agreement aimed at ending political turmoil in the country . The opposition MDC accuses Mugabe of "  ambush . " Zimbabwe 's state-run Herald newspaper reported that ministries inlcuding defense , justice , and media , were being placed in the hands of Mugabe 's ZANU-PF . Party spokesman Bright Matonga said the move had cross-party support but the Movement for Democratic Change 's Nelson Chamisa decried the move is an "  ambush " that puts the power-sharing deal in jeopardy . Under the deal reached last month , Mugabe stays in office but shares power with MDC leader Morgan Tsvangirai , who became vice president . Arthur Mutambara , who leads a splinter MDC faction , became deputy vice president . "  The MDC dismisses ZANU-PF 's unilaterally gazetted wish list of ministries , which is a betrayal of the wishes , expectations and aspirations of the majority of Zimbabweans , " the MDC said in a statement . "  It is a giant act of madness which puts the whole deal into jeopardy . " The plan outlined in The Herald would give 14 government ministries to ZANU-PF and 13 to the MDC . Three ministries would go to Mutambara 's faction . Among the ministries reportedly allocated to ZANU-PF are defense , home affairs , foreign affairs , justice and legal affairs , and media and information . Ministries given to Tsvangirai 's MDC would include constitutional and parliamentary affairs , economic planning , health , labor , and sport , arts and culture , the paper said . Mutambara would oversee education , industry and commerce , and regional integration and international cooperation . The ministry of finance , the paper said , remains in dispute . The MDC accused the ZANU-PF of trying to undermine the work of former South African President Thabo Mbeki , who helped broker a deal to end months of violence following a disputed election . The paper said Mbeki was due to to go Zimbabwe to resolve the question of the finance ministry . Mbeki mediated the power-sharing talks that aimed to resolve the disputed March election . Tsvangirai won the most votes in March but not enough to avoid a runoff , according to the government 's official count . Tsvangirai withdrew from the June 27 runoff days before the vote , saying Mugabe 's supporters had waged a campaign of violence and intimidation against opposition supporters .	MDC decries Mugabe move to allocate key ministries to his ZANU-PF party Defense , justice , and media given to party , report says MDC says move violates power-sharing agreement
CNN  -- They just do n't get it . Two months after playing partisan chicken with the debt-ceiling limit and leading directly to a U.S. downgrade , our dysfunctional divided Congress was at it again -- carelessly bringing the country to the brink of a government shutdown . This time the debate was over disaster-relief spending . Republicans wanted to ensure that any extra money needed for FEMA in the wake of Hurricane Irene would be matched by cuts in spending elsewhere . The Democrat-controlled Senate rejected the House bill as a form of extortion and so the stalemate continued through the weekend , bringing FEMA within days of being insolvent . Ultimately , the two parties came to an agreement that funded FEMA but simply kicked the prospect of a government shutdown to right before Thanksgiving . It used to be that at least a disaster could unite Congress to think beyond party politics . But we are living in a time where extreme measures are used every day . The threat of a government shutdown is seen as negotiating leverage . Threat of filibuster has gone from a rare event to a routine parliamentary procedure . There is no question why Washington is broken . The two parties have become so polarized they seem unable to reason together . Special interests threaten to eclipse the national interest . Hyper-partisanship is hurting our country because it is stopping us from being able to solve the serious problems we face . That was the unambiguous message Standard & Poor 's sent the United States with its downgrade in August that specifically cited an atmosphere of partisan gamesmanship . It was echoed by Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke -- a Bush and Obama appointee -- in remarks at the Jackson Hole conference in Wyoming . We have a political crisis , which is compounding the fiscal crisis . This is not an elite concern , but a problem increasingly recognized by everyday Americans far away from the Beltway . "  Members of Congress are intelligent but they have no common sense , " Darlene Swithers of Pennsylvania recently told The New York Times . "  They fight too much . They should be put in a corner and take a time out and start working together as a team . I 'm so sick of hearing Republicans this and Democrats that . " This is the articulation of the impulse that led 77 % of Americans to tell CNN that Congress acts like "  spoiled children " rather than responsible adults . This latest flirtation with a government shutdown just shows how tone-deaf Congress has become . House Republicans played politics with disaster relief and felt that they would be rewarded by their base if they do so . Their all-or-nothing mindset leads them to the logic that Democrats will be to blame for a shutdown if they simply refuse to do what Republicans demand . What 's doubly dumb about this particular battle is that it is over relatively small change -- some $ 2.5 billion in disaster relief at a time when a bipartisan joint super committee is struggling to find a minimum of $ 1.2 trillion in deficit reduction . President Obama and Speaker John Boehner and 35 senators have encouraged the super-committee to go bigger -- to $ 4 trillion in deficit and debt reduction -- the amount almost achieved by so-called grand bargain that failed to materialize in August . Bipartisan committees like Bowles-Simpson and the Gang of Six -- as well as a plan proposed by Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan -- also set out different paths to a $ 4 trillion savings , bringing us to a more sound fiscal footing . We know what such a step will require : spending cuts and some revenue increases , best achieved with tax reform and entitlement reform . The far right opposes any tax increases while the far-left opposes any entitlement reform . But there should still be room to reason together . For example , one solution would be to cut tax rates but close select loopholes , allowing higher revenue to be raised from lower rates . Unfortunately , some folks on the far-right have decided that raising revenue at all will be considered a tax-hike and a violation of the anti-tax pledge . That all-or-nothing logic threatens to doom the deliberations that democratic republics depend on . It does n't have to be this way . For most of the 20th century , congressional voting patterns were clustered toward the center -- the presence of conservative Democrats and liberal Republicans allowed for creative across-the-aisle coalitions . But in the past two decades , as the parties have become more ideologically and geographically stratified , the capacity for coalition building has decreased . The rigged system of redistricting and closed partisan primaries have helped further polarize the process as centrists are pushed out of both parties . Likewise , in the past divided government has not meant dysfunction . America accomplished the Marshall Plan and the National Highway System under divided government during the Truman and Eisenhower administrations . The achievements of the Reagan era came with liberal Democrat Tip O'Neill at the helm of the House of Representatives . The two men disagreed deeply on political philosophy , but they had the capacity to disagree agreeably , sit together and tell stories at the end of the day .  And not incidentally , Reagan and O'Neill were able to form a bipartisan commission to help fix social security in the 1980s by requiring both parties to jump in together  . Even Bill Clinton and House Speaker Newt Gingrich found ways to work together despite intense personal dislike , achieving welfare reform and turning deficits into a surplus . But now , politics is increasingly seen as ideological blood sport and a zero-sum game . The parties are willing to politicize disaster relief and bring our nation to the brink of default . They oppose even bipartisan plans for fear that the other side might gain politically . Trust is eroded and replaced with the demonization of disagreement . This approach is fundamentally incompatible with the facts of divided government , which requires some degree of compromise based on defining common ground and then building on it . Some hyper-partisans in Washington are simply looking to the next election to solve these problems . But the problem of extreme partisanship is bigger than one election . During this cancer in our body politic will require a cultural change . It will require actively supporting responsible voices in both parties . It will require pushing for policies like redistricting reform and open primaries . There need to be procedural reforms in congress as well -- for example , ending the special interest weapon of "  secret holds " and requiring that filibusters be conducted in person . In a larger sense , we need to rediscover some forgotten wisdom from the founding fathers . As Thomas Jefferson said in his first inaugural address , after a bitterly hard-fought campaign , "  every difference of opinion is not a difference of principle . " We need to remember what President Lyndon Johnson used to say : "  I am an American , a Texan , and a Democrat -- in that order . " We have been through much tougher times as a nation before and emerged stronger . The danger today is that this crisis is self-inflicted and self-indulgent . The parties need to remember that they are not the purpose of our politics -- and even though they might be polarized , the vast majority of the American people are not . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Avlon .	John Avlon : Once rare , tthreats of shutdown , filibusters are now routine Avlon : Parties are willing to politicize disaster relief , bring nation to the brink of default All or nothing mindset of Congress defeats coalition building , he says Parties need to remember that they are not the purpose of our politics
