Gabi Rose wore maternity clothes for more than 12 years . Her weight , which bounced up and down around her four pregnancies , was n't just an aesthetic concern . She had frequent asthma attacks , broke an ankle several times , developed rosacea and noticed that her hair had stopped growing . "  I did n't realize it was affecting my entire family , " Rose said . Once Rose got serious about losing weight for good , she , her husband , David , and daughter Rachel lost a combined 300 pounds together . A big factor in the trio 's transformation was changing how they ate : choosing healthier foods and cooking at home . "  The weight loss in my opinion is the easy part , " Rose said . "  It 's the maintenance that 's hard , and that 's difficult and takes time and education and understanding . " A family health crisis Rose had many complications with her pregnancies . She was hospitalized for four weeks because of preeclampsia with her first son , Josh . Her third child , Noah , almost died as an infant . Rose suffered badly with asthma and weighed close to 300 pounds when she was pregnant with her youngest child , Sarah . Her older daughter Rachel , now 14 , suffered weight problems , too . Rachel remembers going to Target with her mother and wanting to try on clothes in the kids ' section . But because of her large size as a third-grader , she had to shop in the adult section . It was hard for Rachel , knowing children were in the other part of the store ; she was surrounded by "  all these old women . " "  Rachel looks at old pictures of herself and she says , ` Why did you let me get so big ? ' " Rose said . "  It probably is my fault . I was kind of lost myself . " Rose tried commercial weight-loss programs , but nothing worked . She became serious about getting healthy after an asthma attack in 2005 , a year after Sarah 's birth . Rose was driving her children home from a friend 's house when she felt a heaviness in her chest . She reached for her inhaler , but it was n't in her purse . She panicked and pulled over . "  The only thing I could think of is : ` I 'm going to die here on the street , ' " she said . "  I called my husband and I told him where I was , because I did n't think I 'd be alive when he got there . " Her brush with death made her decide once and for all : The weight had to go . Changing bad habits In those days , Rose did n't cook much at all . Frozen pizza , chicken nuggets in a bag , mac and cheese in a box , a pre-made "  family-size portion " of chicken lasagna for herself and her husband -- these were typical meals . When the children were little , Rose kept a hefty supply of bags of chips , she said . "  All the neighborhood kids used to come over all the time because I had so much junk food , " she said . But in 2006 , Rose dedicated herself to understanding healthy food choices . Now Rose avoids anything that comes in a bag or box . The family cooks together , making main courses such as chicken wings from scratch and sides such as mashed potatoes mixed with cauliflower . Every meal has a salad . Rose 's husband has become "  a wizard with stir fry , " she said . And Rachel , who used to buy two ice cream snacks at school at lunch , now brings her lunch from home and makes strawberry-banana protein smoothies . Getting up and moving The family has also been spending less time sitting on the couch . Rachel and Noah have been playing tennis for years . They 've motivated the rest of the family to play tennis , too , Rose said . The family also rides bikes around the neighborhood and has gone on outdoor adventures such as white-water rafting and an obstacle course . They have joined a family gym , so that everyone is working out at the same time , and have run 5K races together over the past two years . David Rose credits his wife as leading by example in the diet and fitness changes that have transformed the household . He lost 80 pounds , which he has kept off for four years , and now weighs about 188 pounds . "  I remember the first day that she took me over to the gym and put me on an elliptical machine , " he said . "  That was the beginning of a process . " Ups and downs It has n't always been easy . On Valentine 's Day 2008 , David went to buy his wife a fondue maker and gourmet chocolate from a local chocolatier . She had loved the Melting Pot fondue restaurant ; he thought with this present , "  I was hitting a grand slam home run . " He was wrong . "  I just looked at him and said , ` You 've got to be kidding me , ' " Gabi Rose said . "  I was just beside myself . He 's just not understanding the efforts that I 'm putting into my weight loss . " Her fury did n't abate when her husband tossed the chocolate in the garbage . She did n't speak to him for a month .  "  I knew she was going to bring up -LSB- the fondue -RSB- , " he said later  . In retrospect , Rose sees that until that point her weight-loss efforts had been inconsistent . But her husband apologized , telling his wife that he had n't understood where she was coming from -- that she was serious about getting healthy , long term , and about making everyone in the family feel better about themselves . "  He was afraid that I was going to become a different person I guess , or not as fun as I used to be , " she said . "  But we found fun in other ways , without eating . " Inspiring others Today , Rose weighs 145 pounds , and has become an expert on losing weight . She has traveled extensively , speaking about how to make healthy changes , and was the host and co-producer of a reality show in South Florida called "  The Get Fit Club . " In 2009 , she teamed up with Dr. Elisabeth Cohn-Gelwasser -- whose medical practice Rose has been coordinating since 1994 -- to offer a medical weight-loss program that targets nutrition and fitness and also incorporates counseling in behavior modification , and medication when necessary . From a size 26 , Rose has slimmed down to a size 2 . Rachel has also made significant progress ; she lost 50 pounds between 2009 and 2011 , and her father said she has been "  an inspiration to other children . " Now in high school , Rachel knows a lot of girls who complain about their appearances . "  I honestly ca n't relate to them , because I love the way that I am right now , " she said . As for the embattled fondue maker , it 's still in the family 's kitchen , David said . It 's a reminder of an era of overeating that 's melted away . Learn more about Gabi Rose at gabirose.com .	Gabi Rose became serious about getting healthy after a near-fatal asthma attack She dramatically changed her family 's eating habits The family now runs 5K races together Rose has become an inspirational weight-loss expert
New York  CNN  -- Robbie Wilde thumbs through his iPhone as the sounds of voices and clinking glasses bounce all around him . His eyes never leave the phone 's screen . During New York Fashion Week , Wilde , 27 , passes the time with friends and management at an exclusive party in Hell 's Kitchen before taking over the turntables . Wilde lives in a world of rhythm and bass . He just ca n't hear it . Ear infections at age 7 left Wilde completely deaf in his right ear and took away 80 % of his hearing in his left one . It would be another four years before doctors would confirm what his mother , Maria Sapeta , dreaded : Her son was deaf . "  It was heartbreaking as a mother , " she recalled . "  It was probably one of the hardest days of my life . But Robbie was the one who gave me a hug and said , ` Do n't cry . ' " Originally from Portugal , Sapeta and her husband , Emidio , then a cruise ship chef , had moved to the United States when Wilde was 5 . From childhood , he always had a "  persistent personality , " Sapeta said , laughing . Unlike many other kids his age , he always finished what he started -- from puzzles to cabins made from Lincoln Logs . After losing his hearing , his grades slipped because he had difficulty understanding his teachers . Bullied in school , Wilde usually kept his deafness a secret . When his parents suggested he attend a specialty school , he insisted on staying in public school . He worked with a speech therapist and began reading lips . "  I grew up in a way that I do n't want any sympathy . I do n't want to be treated differently , " he said . "  I just tried to maneuver around , reading lips and trying to hear my own way . " When her son announced he wanted to be a professional DJ instead of joining the family restaurant business , Sapeta was cautiously supportive . "  We could see his talent and his passion , but I kept worrying about that left ear , " she said . "  Anything to stop his dreams , he did n't want it . " Hearing is the most important sense for a DJ , who manipulates music , scratches records and uses mixers . But Wilde was determined to succeed without his . Always drawn to music , he discovered turntables in high school through a friend 's brother who was a DJ . Wilde got his first shot at performing as a DJ at his father 's restaurant outside Newark , New Jersey , nearly a decade ago , and he has n't looked back since . "  I still consider it as a hobby . I really do love it , " Wilde said . "  I do n't see it as a job , and that 's the best part . " Wilde started out playing CDs before pushing himself to scratch records , something he knew he needed help with . "  It 's a hard business alone for the hearing community , " he said , "  And I was like , ` I 'm hearing impaired and how 's that going to work ? ' " So he paired up with two-time DMC world champion DJ and Harvard math grad Sam Zornow , aka DJ Shiftee , who was teaching at Dubspot , a DJ school and production studio in New York . Mastering turntables is a skill that takes hours of practice to learn and can be a lifelong pursuit , Zornow said . "  It takes two years just to get bad , " he said . "  And I mean ` bad ' meaning bad . " Still , Zornow was up to the challenge of working with Wilde . At first he did n't know what to expect , but he said Wilde 's success has surprised him . "  On paper it should be impossible . You 're dealing with manipulating sound . Then combine that with a discipline that 's hard in general , it 's a really impressive task he 's taken on , " Zornow said . "  From the beginning he believed in himself and continues to believe in himself . " Computer giant Hewlett-Packard noticed Wilde 's skills and put him in a commercial this fall for its new touch-enabled PC , thrusting him onto the world stage .  watch it here on YouTube "  It 's a true story of inspiration , " said HP marketing executive Danielle Jones . "  His is a profound story of someone being able to do the things that matter to them and the things that they love through technology . " Unable to hear lyrics or complete compositions , Wilde relies on technology to see the music by using his laptop and DJ software that helps him differentiate between vocals , bass and kicks . He also feels the vibration whether physically from a club 's speakers or through a SubPac , which resembles a seat cushion and allows him to feel the music by directly transferring low frequencies to the body . Clubgoers and promoters dubbed him "  That Deaf DJ " after he first came onto the scene in New Jersey -- a moniker even he uses . But Wilde said he wants to be more than just "  a deaf kid trying to DJ . " "  I want you to see me as a great DJ who happens to be deaf , " he said . Besides , he said , some things are better left unheard . "  There 's a lot of sounds out in the world you do n't want to hear . I like it muffled , " he said . "  I like who I am ; I 'm proud of who I am . " Wilde has gone from working small clubs to rocking this year 's Consumer Electronics Show and Sundance Film Festival . When he 's not behind the turntables , Wilde is in the studio producing music . Often questioned about the severity of his deafness , Wilde used to carry around a doctor 's note and would show the back of his driver 's license indicating his hearing impairment . When people question his abilities , he said he has only one answer : "  I did n't hear you . "	Robbie Wilde lost his hearing due to ear infections as a child He refused to go to a special school , learning to read lips instead A friend 's brother introduced him to the turntables Wilde has performed at the Sundance Film Festival and other events
"  It 's been seven years , and a lot has changed , " Hillary Clinton said Sunday in her first visit to Iowa since the state dealt her presidential campaign a devastating body blow . But there was a moment in the afternoon when it seemed like not much had . Roughly 200 credentialed media were gathered in a far corner of the Indianola Balloon Field , the grassy expanse where Sen. Tom Harkin was convening his 37th and final Steak Fry , an annual fundraiser that doubles as a point of entry for ambitious Democrats curious about the Iowa caucuses . After a 90-minute wait , the press scrum -- scribblers and photographers alike -- were herded like cattle through a series of gates and escorted up to a hot smoking grill , waiting to capture the same image : a staged shot of Bill and Hillary Clinton , fresh out of their motorcade , ritualistically flipping steaks with Harkin . Hillary Clinton stumps for Iowa Democrats , and herself The Clintons ignored the half-hearted shouted questions from reporters -- "  Mr. President , do you eat meat ? " -- with practiced ease . They were two football fields away from the nearest voter . Mechanical , distant , heavy-handed : The afternoon spectacle felt a lot like Hillary 's 2008 caucus campaign , a succession of errors that crumbled under the weight of a feuding top-heavy staff and the candidate 's inability to connect with her party 's grassroots . And then the head fake -- and something different . After a few minutes , the Clintons walked into a nearby barn , out of view . Most of the media swarm gave up and hustled back to the main event , where nearly 7,000 Democrats were eating red meat and waiting patiently in the sunshine to hear from two of the most famous people in the world . A few dozen press were still milling about when the duo re-emerged . "  There she is ! " a television reporter screamed , clamoring for her cameraman . An early moment of engagement There she was . Bill , too , walking along a fence and gabbing with a small army of political reporters , a chore that has never come easy for Hillary Clinton , and one she has assiduously avoided since leaving the State Department . It 's hardly a shock that the voluble ex-President handled a rope line full of reporters with gusto . But the willingness of the more reticent Hillary Clinton to thrust herself into the gaping maw of the hungry press dragon signaled , perhaps , that she and her aides are eager for a fresh start in Iowa , and with the national media , if she runs for president once again . She kept both the state and the press at arm 's length during her last campaign , with troublesome consequences . On Sunday , though , she gave it a go -- an early moment of engagement with the media and voters that revealed an understanding of past mistakes , but also the difficult road ahead if she takes the 2016 plunge . "  Good to see you ! " she told the assembled press , surely a half-truth . "  My goodness ! You guys having a good time ? Good . We 're having a good time today . " Strutting back and forth , Clinton declared that it was "  fabulous to be back " in the state . "  I love Iowa , " she said , smiling as if she were in on a joke . She entertained and swatted away a bombardment of questions , mostly of the unremarkable "  will you run ? " variety . "  Does this whet your appetite for another campaign ? " asked one reporter . "  We 're here to help Democrats , " Clinton responded , offering requisite praise for Iowa 's Democratic candidates , Senate hopeful Bruce Braley , gubernatorial challenger Jack Hatch and congressional candidate Staci Appel . This long-awaited interaction , so craved by the access-starved political press , was short-lived . Never quite at ease in these situations , Clinton milled about for five minutes or so , keeping a few feet between herself and the press , before walking back into the secure barn . The other Clinton -- now he likes to talk Bill Clinton , meanwhile , was having at it , holding court with reporters for a good 20 minutes -- much of it with MSNBC host Ed Schultz -- while his wife , the presumed candidate-in-waiting , was nowhere in sight . Bill sidled up with Harkin and held forth with the press on all manner of topics : the '92 campaign , the prospect of being a grandparent , the scourge of outside money in political campaigns , the Arkansas and Georgia governor 's races , a recent visit to Atlanta . After their futile yelps of "  Last question ! " and "  We got ta go " were ignored over and over again , aides finally dragged the former President away . Then it was time to meet the voters . Hillary Clinton 's speech to the sun-drenched crowd , more workmanlike than impassioned , was littered with Iowa pleasantries and nods to the last campaign , including her opening line : "  Hello Iowa ! I 'm back ! " She lavished praise on Harkin and , after a warm-up that included nods to her time as Secretary of State and her "  constant grandchild watch , " urged the audience to get behind Iowa 's slate of Democratic candidates . Her biggest applause lines were about women 's issues -- equal pay and abortion rights -- a departure from the 2008 race in which she avoided focusing on her gender and the history-making nature of candidacy . The crowd was firmly in her corner , thanks in large part to the super PAC "  Ready For Hillary , " which plastered every nook and cranny of the rural setting with "  READY " signs and bused in an army of volunteers to collect email addresses and phone numbers from arriving Democrats . Bill Clinton laughingly called the young organizers "  Energizer bunnies . " Leading in the polls , but ... She leads the early polls here by a wide margin , but there is still fault to be found with Clinton among Iowa Democrats . Conversations reveal that some of them skew more liberal than Clinton on economic and foreign policy issues . Others want a fresh face and see the 66-year-old Clinton as an avatar of the past . And there are those who just say they 'd like to see a competitive race , for the sake of "  the process , " even if Clinton ultimately wins the nomination . Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley has been welcomed warmly during his three visits to the state this year . Sen. Bernie Sanders , a Vermont socialist threatening to seek the nomination , also drew respectable crowds during a trip here timed to coincide with the Clinton show . Vice President Joe Biden will be in Des Moines later this week . Supporters of progressive Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren , who promises not to run , ran a booth near the entrance and distributed several hundred T-shirts and bumper stickers . Brenda Brink drove down from Ames and decked herself out in "  Ready 4 Warren " gear , availing herself to any reporter willing to listen . "  Hillary is fine , she has done her duty , but she does n't inspire me anymore , " she said . "  She is aligned with the banking industry . But , you know , the Democratic Party is behind her . " Despite her lament , Brink said she 'd received many-a-thumbs up during the day . ` This time , she will make history ' The fields of Indianola , however , were firmly Clinton turf on Sunday . "  She was wonderful , " Sue LaPlante , a certified nursing assistant from Des Moines , said after the speech . "  If she runs , she will be the next president . " "  Hillary was a good candidate last time , but sometimes it 's what fate throws at you , and Barack Obama was making history , " said Irene Hardisty , a 61-year old mortgage finance specialist from Des Moines . "  This time she will make history . " Everyone here -- operative , activist , politician , reporter -- has a theory about why Clinton finished third in Iowa in 2008 . And there are no shortages of bright ideas about how she can perform better in 2016 . But there is universal agreement from rank-and-file Democrats that Clinton has to "  touch and feel " Iowans , listen to them , talk one-on-one and get outside the security and media bubble that surrounds her everywhere she goes . She gave that a go , too , working the rope line after her speech for half an hour in the baking sun , signing copies of "  Hard Choices , " awkwardly posing for selfies and saying thank you to the many people demanding she run for president . It was n't a perfect show . At times , as her Secret Service detail and her aide Huma Abedin escorted her along the crowd , she looked like she 'd rather be elsewhere . She ignored questions from not-so-friendly crowd members who wanted her to comment on the President 's immigration policy , recovery funds for Superstorm Sandy or the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . Then it was back to the motorcade . But she put in the effort -- and got her first real taste of what 's to come if she decides to do this campaign thing all over again .	With Bill at her side , Hillary Clinton attends the 37th and final Harkin Steak Fry The questions on everyone 's mind : Will she run , and what did she learn from 2008 ? Hillary Clinton is reluctant to chat it up with reporters , but she gave it a go Sunday While she leads in the polls , other names come up : Biden , Warren , O'Malley
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- Police in Indian administered Kashmir Friday arrested a teacher of a local college on charges of writing an exam "  with anti-India content . " "  We have arrested Noor Mohammad Bhat under  the  Unlawful Activities Act , " Srinagar district police chief , Ashiq Bukhari said Friday evening . He said the teacher who teaches English in a college here had written an exam for graduate level examinees with questions attempting "  to glorify the Kashmiri stone pelters and to project separatist views . " Bhat had included a question , "  Are the stone pelters real heroes ? Discuss . " The content of the exam dealt with pro-independence unrest which has lasted more than five months . During the conflict young boys have resorted to pelting Indian security forces with stones ever since the unrest erupted on June 11 after a 17-year old boy was killed in a police action here in Srinigar , the region 's capital . The unrest which has so far claimed 110 lives . It has also left hundreds wounded , some of them left disabled . The unrest has also seen the arrest of hundreds of youth charged with the offence of stone pelting while scores have gone underground to escape arrest . Another question on the exam required translation of an Urdu passage into English . "  Kashmir is burning yet again . The blood of the youth is being shed like water . Even young boys are not being spared and are beaten to death by police and security forces . Bullets are being pumped into the chests of young girls and women . Though people across Kashmir are shedding tears of blood , yet the rulers are in deep slumber . Even prayers have turned ineffective , " it read . A student said he was taken aback on seeing the exam and hesitated for some time to answer the questions . "  I was perplexed , but later I thought it may be a plan of the government to probe the mind of the young students on the unrest , " said Mushtaq Ahmad . "  This is a new dimension added to the unrest after months of shutdowns and curfews , " said Abdul Quyoom , a local resident . The mountainous Kashmir region is divided among Pakistan , China and India . In the past , India has poured thousands of security forces into its part of Kashmir to fight what India called a Pakistan-inspired insurgency . However , since the defeat of the insurgency , Indian forces have found themselves fighting mostly Muslim Kashmiris who say they have suffered oppression and want independence from Hindu-dominated India .	Authorities arrest teacher for content of exam Police said questions attempted to glorify people who pelt Indian troops with stones Over five months , unrest in Indian Kashmir has killed 110
CNN  -- Manchester United has announced a record operating profit of # 110.9 million  $ 176 million  for last season , cementing its position as the world 's richest football club . The English Premier League champions also reported that its turnover for the year had increased by almost $ 73 million to $ 536 million , as it considers a plan to raise a further $ 1 billion on the Singapore Stock Exchange to reduce its considerable debt burden . United 's net debt stands at $ 498.7 million , in part due to the money the U.S.-based Glazer family had to raise to buy the club for $ 1.2 billion in 2005 . The deal effectively left the club with a huge mortgage and crippling interest payments -- believed to be around $ 72 million a year , according to British media reports . Blog : Football 's financial folly But a hugely successful year on and off the pitch has helped to alleviate the pressure . On the pitch , they won their 19th Premier League title -- another record -- and were beaten finalists in the lucrative Champions League , Europe 's top club competition . The club also scored off the pitch with a series of high-profile commercial deals , including the first year of their $ 129 million shirt sponsorship agreement with the Aon Corporation and a $ 64 million deal with logistics company DHL to sponsor their training kit . United top Forbes ' football rich list However , the club 's financial strategy is increasingly focused on Asia , where it has an estimated 190 million supporters -- helped in no small part by the proliferation of English Premier League broadcast rights across the region in recent years . As a result , United 's owners favor Singapore for the initial public offering  IPO  to cash in on this enormous fan base , though Britain 's Guardian newspaper reported that they will pursue a dual-share structure , whereby investors will have to purchase one "  non-voting " share for every voting share . This will allow the Glazers to raise funds while retaining control of the club they de-listed from the London Stock Exchange six years ago . Earlier this month , the club announced a three-year partnership with a Vietnamese mobile telecoms company . According to United 's official website , Beeline will distribute a range of content , from on the pitch action , to news and interviews , to the club 's estimated 16 million fans in Vietnam . "  Everyone knows about the passion of our fans in that part of the world and this deal makes it a lot easier for us to keep in touch with them , " said United manager Alex Ferguson .	Manchester United 's turnover increases by almost $ 73 million to $ 536 million EPL club considering plan to raise $ 1 billion on the Singapore Stock Exchange United 's net debt stands at $ 498.7 million despite recent commercial successes They won the Premier League last year and were finalists in the Champions League
CNN  -- Luiz Felipe Scolari is "  obliged " to win the 2014 World Cup following his appointment as coach of the Brazil national football team for a second time on Thursday . Scolari led "  La Selecao " to a record fifth World Cup triumph in Japan and South Korea 10 years ago and the former Portugal coach will be expected to win the trophy once again when Brazil hosts the tournament in two years time . "  We have the obligation to win the title ; we are not favorites at the moment but we intend to become favorites during the competition , " Scolari told a press conference after it was announced he would replace the sacked Mano Manezes . "  Third or fourth place is no good for a country that has won five World Cups . " Scolari , who had an eight-month spell in charge of English Premier League team Chelsea , is not the only World Cup winner returning to the fold . Carlos Alberto Parreira , the coach of Brazil 's victorious USA 1994 squad , has been named the team 's technical director . Scolari will be under pressure to deliver in 2014 , with fans eager to avoid a repeat of the 1950 World Cup when Brazil lost out to Uruguay in the final match of the tournament . But Scolari was bullish , declaring : "  If you do n't like pressure , it 's better to go and work in the Bank of Brazil , or outside on the corner or sit in an office and do nothing . "  It would not be right if there was no pressure and the players thought the target was just to play at the World Cup . This would be one of our most important titles -- the sixth title , at home at our second opportunity . " Scolari 's first spell as Brazil coach began in 2001 . The team was struggling to reach the 2002 World Cup with just five matches of the qualification competition remaining . But Scolari turned it around and one year later , led by the attacking talents of Ronaldo , Rivaldo and Ronaldinho , Brazil lifted the trophy . "  It would have been the first time that Brazil would have missed a World Cup , that was when I felt under pressure , " the 64-year-old said when asked about his last spell in charge . Scolari has been out of football since being sacked by Palmeiras in September , with the club relegated to Brazil 's second tier following his departure . Prior to his two-year spell in Sao Paulo , Scolari spent a year coaching Bunyodkur in Uzbekistan following his dismissal from Chelsea in February 2009 . Scolari 's last international role was with Portugal , who he led to the final of Euro 2004 and the semifinals of the 2006 World Cup .	Luiz Felipe Scolari returns for a second spell as Brazil coach Scolari led Brazil to victory at the 2002 World Cup in Japan and South Korea The former Portugal coach replaces the sacked Mano Manezes USA 94 winning coach Carlos Alberto Parreira also returns as technical director
CNN  -- The trial of Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi on charges of sex with an underage nightclub dancer and abuse of power opened Wednesday in Milan . It lasted 10 minutes and was adjourned until May 31 . The case is the latest in a long-running series of legal wrangles featuring the scandal-plagued politician and promises to be one of the most controversial trials ever to take place in Italy . What is Berlusconi accused of ? Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi paid for sex with Karima El Mahrough , a nightclub dancer nicknamed Ruby who at the time was 17-years-old . Prosecutors also say , in legal papers seen by CNN , that Berlusconi had sex 13 times with El Mahrough . Who is ` Ruby the heart-stealer ? ' They claim he abused his position when he intervened in May 2010 to get her released from the jail where she was being held on charges of theft . Berlusconi says the allegations are politically motivated and are an attempt to smear him . In Italy , the age of consent is 14 , and it is not illegal to pay for sex . However , paying for sex with a minor  under 18  is a crime , and can be punished by up to three years in jail . Berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old . Did he give her any money ? El Mahrough said she did not know Berlusconi well but that she did receive 7,000 euros  about $ 9,300  from him the first time they met , on Valentine 's Day 2010 , because a friend told Berlusconi she needed help . Has he been in court before ? Yes . Many times but on March 28 he made his first personal appearance in court in for eight years . It was a two-hour closed-door hearing in Milan on corruption charges . He and others - including his son - are accused of tax fraud and misappropriation of funds . What other legal issues is Berlusconi facing ? The 74-year-old Italian PM , currently serving his third term in office , also faces charges of bribing British lawyer David Mills to secure favorable testimony in legal cases . His trial , suspended last spring after he was granted temporary immunity , resumed this month . Mills denied receiving bribes and his conviction in the case was overturned last year . He has survived a series of political , corruption and sex scandals over the years , involving allegations of embezzlement , tax fraud and bribery . Berlusconi has been tried on at least 17 charges since he was first elected prime minister in 1994 , but none of the cases have resulted in lasting convictions ; several were overturned on appeal . He has always denied any wrongdoing , and had previously claimed immunity from prosecution , though a 2008 law granting him this was overturned the following year . How has he reacted to the claims ? Berlusconi insists he has never paid for sex -- "  not even once in my life " -- and says any suggestion he did so is "  degrading for my dignity . " Both he and El Mahrough , who is now 18 , deny ever having had sex with one another . But the young woman 's former roommate told investigators that El Mahrough confided to her that she did have a sexual relationship with the premier . Berlusconi says he did call the police on El Mahrough 's behalf , but denies this was an abuse of power . He says he thought El Mahrough was related to the since-deposed Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and he was acting in Italy 's interest by trying to avoid a diplomatic incident . The billionaire media magnate and football club owner says the allegations against him are simply political mudslinging . His lawyers have called the investigation "  absurd and groundless " and a "  grave interference " in Berlusconi 's private life . Will this case damage him financially ? A media entrepreneur , Berlusconi and his family were number 74 on the Forbes list of The World 's Billionaires for 2010 and worth an estimated $ 9 billion , so the trials are unlikely to make a significant dent to his wealth . So , will Berlusconi attend any or all of the trials ? Yes , according to his attorney Niccolo Ghedini , who said : "  Absolutely yes , we have decided to blank his agenda for one day per week , every Monday , in order to allow him to participate to all the hearings . " Berlusconi 's lawyers have previously argued that courts in Milan do not have jurisdiction in the case -- because of where the alleged crimes were committed -- or the authority to try a prime minister . What about Berlusconi 's political reputation ? Long-running scandals , a playboy lifestyle and a series of well-publicized gaffes have opened the Italian PM up to widespread ridicule . Berlusconi has survived two votes of no confidence in recent months , and while his personal approval ratings have been dented , his party , the People of Freedom , still enjoys widespread support in Italy . Has the Vatican commented ? The Vatican has made no comment on ` Rubygate ' , which is in keeping with normal diplomatic relations between the Vatican City and the Italian state , says CNN 's Diana Magnay . What has the public reaction been in Italy ? In mid-February thousands of Italians took to the streets in some 200 cities across the country in protest of Silvio Berlusconi 's alleged behavior toward women . The largest gathering was in Rome , where organizers said 100,000 people gathered , under the slogan , "  If not now , when ? " In Milan , Berlusconi 's birthplace , organizers estimated that 60,000 people gathered . Protests also took place outside Italy , including marches in Tokyo and Geneva . Many Italians on the street were clear about their opinion . "  It does n't really matter if he is found guilty or not . I find it deeply upsetting when I watch the TV news , when I read the paper and when I hear about Berlusconi and Ruby , I feel sick , " said Rome resident Belinzone Gianlice . "  I think that the example that is coming from the higher powers must be different , " said Giovanni Nani . And in Milan , one banner captured the sentiment felt by many Italian women and particularly feminists , "  Stop the merchandising of women . " CNN 's Hada Messia , Diana Magnay and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Prosecutors allege that Berlusconi paid for sex with a 17-year-old nightclub dancer Berlusconi has said the dancer had been introduced as a 24-year-old Italian PM says the allegations are politically motivated Berlusconi also faces charges of bribing lawyer for favorable testimony in legal cases
New York  CNN  -- New York Police Department officials say they ca n't explain why a fearful woman 's domestic-abuse report -- written in the woman 's native language of Spanish -- was never translated into English for review , and for possible action . The woman and her two daughters subsequently were stabbed to death . The woman 's husband , arrested as he tried to flee to Mexico , now faces charges of first-degree murder . And a group that has a lawsuit pending against the city on behalf of six other Latina women says the case of Deisy Garcia and her young daughters is far from unique in New York . The paper trail that ends with the January deaths of Garcia and daughters Daniela , 2 , and Yoselin , 1 , stretches back to last May . On May 30 , Garcia filed a police report saying she feared her husband would kill her and their two daughters . Garcia spoke Spanish , and it was in Spanish that she filed the report . According to the NYPD , that report was never translated into English for further review . On January 18 , according to authorities , Garcia and her daughters were stabbed to death in their Queens apartment , allegedly by Garcia 's ex-husband and the girls ' father , Miguel Mejia-Ramos . Police say officers at the murder scene filed their own report , but the department has no explanation for what happened to Garcia 's report from months earlier or to another report from Garcia , again written in Spanish , after a November incident . "  I knew about the police report , and I knew about the police showing up at the house previously on one of the times where Deisy had called the police because she had been the victim of domestic violence , " says Roger Asmar , an attorney hired by Garcia 's family . "  But we did not know that every time Deisy filled out a report -- every time she went to the precinct or the cops came to the house -- no one actually translated the text into English , so , apparently no one looked into it . "  No one translated it and they just put it away or placed it into the system ... three complaints were filed by Deisy , and none of the times she filed a complaint did police actually arrest Mr. Mejia , her ex-husband . " Police have confirmed the May 30 report , and CNN has obtained copies of reports dated November 27 and 28 from Garcia 's family , who found them among Deisy Garcia 's belongings after she died . On November 27 , cops responded to a call from Garcia . "  She said when her husband came home , he threatened to kill her . She was crying so she called the police and told them that her husband had threatened to kill her , " said Sara Alvarado , Garcia 's aunt , who was present during the police visit that time . As she had in May , Garcia once again filed a domestic incident report and wrote in Spanish , "  at about 2:40 am my husband came home and assaulted me , he pulled my hair and kicked me twice , then grabbed my phone . After he did that , I called the police , but he changed and ran out taking a phone that is not mine with him . Today in the morning , he was threatening me that he would take away my daughters . " Police are unable to say whether that report was ever translated , either . On November 28 , Garcia made a follow-up visit to the precinct , filling out another complaint , but her claims did not lead to an arrest . In statements to police following the slayings , Mejia-Ramos allegedly said he 'd been drinking when he got home on the night of January 18 , according to the Queens district attorney 's office . He went through his wife 's phone and Facebook account and saw a photo of her with another man , he told prosecutors . According to the Queens district attorney 's office , Mejia-Ramos said he grabbed a knife and stood over Garcia and allegedly stabbed his wife multiple times before entering his daughters ' bedroom where he gave each of them a hug and a kiss , and stabbed them as he asked for their forgiveness . The three bodies were discovered by Garcia 's uncle and a 12-year-old cousin the next day . Afterward , Mejia-Ramos tried to flee to Mexico , according to police , but was arrested January 21 in Schulenburg , Texas -- a town near the Mexican border -- and brought back to New York . He was indicted on February 14 and will be arraigned in early March , the Queens district attorney 's office said . He is charged with first-degree murder , second-degree murder and fourth-degree criminal possession of a weapon . Mejia-Ramos faces life in prison without the possibility of parole if convicted on the murder charge , the district attorney 's office said . Garcia 's family believes that had the police taken action , she may still be alive . "  If they would have given it more importance , would have translated it to English , then maybe they  police  would have figured out what to do , they would have investigated him , been more on top of the case , what was happening with them , " said Luzmina Alvarado , Garcia 's mother . "  If the police had done something , this tragedy could have been avoided -- my daughter would be alive . " Some two months before Garcia filed her written-in-Spanish domestic-abuse report in May , an organization that serves "  limited English proficient " domestic-violence victims filed a lawsuit against the city on behalf of six other Latina women , alleging the NYPD denies interpreters to limited-English speakers , depriving "  them of access to NYPD services . " That lawsuit filed by the Violence Intervention Program is still pending . The group says Garcia is but one of many women who are ignored by police because they can not file complaints in English . The group alleges that the NYPD 's denial of interpreter services has deprived limited-English-proficient women of their right to report crimes , to protect themselves from dangerous abusers , and to communicate effectively with the police in a wide range of circumstances . "  Not only does the NYPD fail to provide language assistance , it also degrades , ridicules and otherwise mistreats limited English proficient individuals who request interpreter services , actively demeaning them for their lack of English proficiency , " according to the lawsuit . The NYPD directed all inquiries on the lawsuit to the New York City Law Department , which handles legal issues for the city . "  The NYPD has more foreign-language-speaking officers than any police department in the country , including thousands of Spanish-speaking officers , " said Nicholas Paolucci , spokesman for the New York City Law Department . "  Also , the NYPD has a corps of 19,000 members of the service who can provide interpretation services in over 70 languages . " But the Garcia family , the Violence Intervention Program and the women the group represents say that it does n't matter how many officers can speak multiple languages if non-English statements provided by complaint victims are ignored . As a result of an internal review into the failure of officers to translate domestic incident reports , the NYPD is verbally instructing officers on how to translate and store domestic incident reports that are prepared in texts other than the English language , according to NYPD Detective Cheryl Crispin . "  A memo will be transmitted to all commands informing domestic violence officers to immediately locate a member of the command who possesses the necessary language skills to translate a victim 's written statement to English , " she said in a prepared statement . For Garcia 's family , that may be too little , and it is definitely too late . "  We 're thinking maybe we sue the police because this was n't just his  Mejia-Ramos '  fault , the authorities are also at fault , " said Garcia 's mother . "  My daughter may be dead and ca n't do anything in this case , but I want justice . "	Deisy Garcia and her two small daughters were stabbed to death in January Garcia 's ex-husband -- the girls ' father -- faces first-degree murder charges Garcia filed a domestic-abuse report last year , in her native Spanish NYPD officials say they ca n't explain why the report did n't get translated for possible action
CNN  -- British Prime Minister David Cameron will make the call at the G8 summit in Northern Ireland for international action to curb the activities of tax havens , which campaigners say cost governments trillions in lost revenues . Journalist Simon Hooper points out what he calls the hypocrisy of the UK 's position , itself sitting at the center of the world 's most powerful offshore empire . Walking up London 's Strand in the direction of St. Paul 's Cathedral does not feel like crossing one of the major financial fault lines in the global economy . Few tourists would perhaps even notice the stone dragon stranded between buses in the middle of the road that marks the boundary of the City of London , the British capital 's financial district and one of global capitalism 's most dynamic engines . Yet to step into the City is to enter what has been described by Nicholas Shaxson , author of "  Treasure Islands : Tax Havens and the Men Who Stole the World , " as "  an offshore island inside Britain . " Britain 's role at the center of an empire of tax havens is under scrutiny this week , ironically , because British Prime Minister David Cameron has made tax evasion the central theme of this week 's G8 meeting in Northern Ireland . "  Tax evasion and avoidance are issues whose time has come . After years of abuse people across the planet are rightly calling for action , " says a British government briefing released ahead of the summit . Cameron 's initiative has thrust the spotlight on the UK 's overseas territories and crown dependencies , an odd collection of colonial offcuts including the Cayman Islands , the British Virgin Islands , Bermuda and Jersey . All are considered offshore hubs , and all benefit from close ties to the UK finance industry , pouring money into the City . On Saturday , Cameron announced that 10 territories and dependencies had agreed to sign up to an existing convention on corporate transparency promoted by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development  OECD  , saying : "  It is important we are getting our house in order . " But campaigners , such as the Tax Justice Network 's John Christensen , remain skeptical whether Cameron can accomplish anything that will meaningfully challenge the power of the tax havens . He says measures such as greater transparency in company ownership , though welcome and necessary , do not go far enough in opening up other offshore structures , including trusts , to scrutiny . Britain is far from alone among G8 countries in the promotion and provision of offshore-style facilities . The U.S. provides parallel structures offering low taxes and corporate secrecy with the New York Times reporting last year on how legitimate businesses and criminal enterprises were flocking to Delaware "  in hopes of minimizing taxes , skirting regulations , plying friendly courts or , when needed , covering their tracks . " Japan and several European Union countries also featured on the last Financial Secrecy Index , published in 2011 and topped by Switzerland . Of the UK though , the index said : "  If the entire British network of secrecy jurisdictions were considered , it would easily be ranked number one . " Legal tax avoidance , which involves shifting profits to jurisdictions that do not levy corporate tax via offshore subsidiaries , and tax evasion , its criminal cousin , have long been among the perks of wealth . As Leona Helmsley , the New York hotelier and so-called "  Queen of Mean , " is quoted as saying : "  We do n't pay taxes . Only the little people pay taxes . " Helmsley , who was convicted of tax evasion , denied having said this , but the words followed her for the rest of her life . Yet the consequences of this industry are borne by those who can least afford it . Aid charity ActionAid estimated last month that almost half of all investment into developing countries was funneled through tax havens ; this means the profits from that investment remain offshore , depriving the world 's poorest countries of much-needed revenues . It cited one transaction alone conducted through UK-linked havens that would have netted the Indian government $ 2.2 billion in tax ; enough to provide a lunchtime meal to every Indian primary schoolchild for a year . A report last month by Kofi Annan 's Africa Progress Panel highlighted mining deals in the DR Congo which had cost the country an estimated $ 1.36 billion in revenues , enough to double the country 's health and education budgets . Yet attempting to estimate exactly how much money is concealed offshore is largely futile , with most experts willing to venture only that the figure runs into many trillions . An investigation last year conducted for the Tax Justice Network estimated that $ 21 to $ 32 trillion was hidden offshore by super-rich individuals alone . Campaigners such as TJN 's John Christensen are skeptical whether the G8 can accomplish anything that will meaningfully challenge the power of the tax havens . He says proposed measures , though welcome and necessary such as greater transparency in company ownership , do not go far enough in opening up other offshore structures , including trusts , to scrutiny . History also suggests the City of London and its allies will defend their own interests . The City 's origins are lost in the distant past , with the corporation 's own website describing the area as "  a prime location for trade since before Roman times . " Its tradition of self-governance predates the consolidation of the modern British state , and the City 's powerbrokers have fiercely defended their ancient privileges ever since , using their role as lenders to crown and government as leverage . Should Queen Elizabeth II , the UK 's head of state , feel the urge to cross the City 's boundaries to visit the Starbucks on Fleet Street for a low-tax latte , ceremony dictates that she should still seek the permission of the City 's Lord Mayor to do so .  Starbucks in December 2012 offered to pay additional taxes in the UK in response to public pressure there to collect more taxes from multinational companies . And since 1571 , an official known as the Remembrancer has maintained a seat in the House of Commons to protect and promote the City 's interests in parliament , even as a turbo-charged 21st century financial infrastructure has been bolted onto this medieval statelet . But the use of the offshore sector has long been virtually endemic among a wealthy elite in the UK , even beyond the City 's boundaries . British governments once attempted to curb the power and independence of the financial sector , hamstrung only by their borrowing dependency on the same source . Yet since the 1980s , the era of Margaret Thatcher 's so-called "  Big Bang " of markets deregulation , governments have enjoyed a cosier relationship with corporate finance , summed up by Peter Mandelson , a close ally of Tony Blair , who once said the once-socialist Labour Party was "  intensely relaxed about people getting filthy rich . " The rest of that quote -- " ... as long as they pay their taxes " -- is less well remembered . In 2011 , Cameron 's coalition passed legislation exempting UK-based corporations from income tax on overseas earnings ; a move described by commentator George Monbiot as a "  corporate coup d'etat . " Research published by ActionAid showed that 98 out of 100 companies on the FTSE 100 index used offshore subsidiaries , with more registered in Jersey and the Cayman Islands than in India and China . And it has long been a rite of passage for newly-minted Britons , from Formula One drivers to musicians to self-made millionaires , to shift their riches to Switzerland , Monaco or Jersey with the public raising little more than an eyebrow in reproach . Research by the Guardian newspaper last year revealed how Cameron 's own father had built a considerable family fortune by running a legal network of offshore investment funds . Cameron and other members of his family declined to comment on the report . Yet that situation may be changing , with campaign groups such as UK Uncut stirring up populist anger against corporate tax avoidance and politicians now scrambling to get on the bandwagon , while celebrity tax-dodging schemes have joined sex and drugs scandals as tabloid staples . Recent exposure of the legal tax avoidance strategies of Google and Amazon saw executives from both companies summoned for scrutiny by the UK 's parliamentary public accounts committee where lawmaker Margaret Hodge told Google Vice President Matt Brittin : "  You are a company that says you do no evil . And I think that you do do evil . " In the U.S. , meanwhile , Apple CEO Tim Cook was summoned to appear on Capitol Hill after a Senate investigation found the company paid taxes in the U.S. of 2 % on worldwide income of $ 74 billion . Accusing the head of one of the world 's biggest companies of "  exploiting an absurdity , " committee chairman Sen. Carl Levin made the connection between tax avoidance and efforts to cut the US deficit , and delivered a message that ought to resonate with taxpayers anywhere in the world . "  Because of those cuts , children across the country wo n't get early education . Needy seniors will go without meals . Fighter jets sit idle on tarmacs because our military lacks the funding to keep pilots trained , " said Levin . "  The question each of us should ask today is this : Should n't we close unjustified tax loopholes , and dedicate the revenue to educating our children , protecting our nation and building its future ? " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Simon Hooper .	At the G8 summit , David Cameron will call for action to curb activities of tax havens Simon Hooper points out the hypocrisy of the UK 's position considering its offshore hubs Britain is not the only G8 country promoting offshore-style facilities , says Hooper
CNN  -- America is haunted . At least several paranormal investigators , all of whom promise to have witnessed the supernatural , told CNN they believe it to be true . That 's why we 've taken cues from experienced investigators and experts for fright-inspired destination ideas this Halloween season . Here are some of their favorites . Hollywood Roosevelt , California Located on Hollywood 's Walk of Fame across from Grauman 's Chinese Theater , the Hollywood Roosevelt has a glamorous history : Marilyn Monroe was the hotel 's most famous resident . It turns out , she might still be there , according to Brad and Sherry Steiger . Paranormal authors and investigators , the Steigers were filming at the hotel with several productions . Sherry was explaining the history of the hotel 's most famous mirror , in front of which many visitors have had psychic experiences . "  And as we were standing there , a gentleman just jumped back like he 'd been shoved and he said , ` Who do you think you are ? ' Well that stopped production and we had to find out , " Brad said . "  I asked the man what had happened . He said , ` Well this blonde lady came running like she owns Hollywood and pushes me aside . ' " If you go : You can simply book a room at the hotel . If you want to try to spot Marilyn , the hotel offers a "  Marilyn Monroe package "  $ 1,800 / night  which includes a stay in the Marilyn suite and tickets to the Marilyn exhibit . Thomas House , Red Boiling Springs , Tennessee With a history dating back to the late 1800s , the Thomas House in Red Boiling Springs began as the Cloyd Hotel . Indeed , one of the ghosts still said to roam the bed and breakfast is Sarah Cloyd . Visitors trade reports of possible deaths on the property , which may fuel activity . The hotel was featured on "  Paranormal State " in 2009 , an A&E cable network program that aired until 2011 . If you go : You can go for dinner and the "  Ghosts of the Inn " show and tour , and book a room at the bed and breakfast . The Thomas House also hosts several "  Ghost Hunt weekends , " with the next available dates in January , 2014 . The Whaley House Museum , San Diego , California One of the Steigers ' most memorable visits is "  right on the tourist map , but it still packs a metaphysical punch , " Brad Steiger said . "  And that 's the Whaley House in old San Diego . " The California house has a long history ; and , like its home state , the house has been many things at different times , with origins dating back to the 1800s and including several hangings . "  It just kept growing , " Brad said . "  It started as , the judge , his home . Then it became a courthouse and his home . Then it became a theater and his home . Then there were hangings that took place in the backyard and eventually that hanging area , where people were hanged , became part of the house . " While investigating , Sherry said she captured psychic phenomena on film -- a picture of a noose , coming right down in the room . "  I had no inkling anything would develop and lo and behold , there were so many pictures , " she said . What should have been a photo of one of the beds instead revealed a ghostly figure , just waking up . If you go : Now a museum , tourists can take tours . St. Augustine Lighthouse & Museum , Florida First christened as a lighthouse in 1824  it started out as a watchtower  the structure lost a long battle with the shoreline before collapsing during a storm in 1880 . Luckily , its successor had already been completed in 1874 . That lighthouse is now St. Augustine 's oldest structure -- a status that has given it plenty of time to attract "  visitors . " What 's more , a keeper 's house was added to the grounds in 1876 and people lived and worked the lighthouse for decades , until 1955 . The unexpected was at play at the lighthouse when investigator Jason Hawes and his team visited . They believed they would disprove the reports of activity , finding "  just local sounds and things of that nature . " "  And we actually caught some of the ` holy grail , ' what appeared to be people leaning over rails , showing up on thermal , showing up on infrared when there 's no one else in there , " said Hawes , founder of the Atlantic Paranormal Society and one of the stars and producers of SyFy 's long-running "  Ghost Hunters . " If you go : While other tours are available , the "  Dark of the Moon " tour is billed as "  the only ghost tour that gets you in the tower . " Gettysburg , Pennsylvania The town of Gettysburg has its share of haunted history . No wonder : Approximately 7,000 people died -- both Union and Confederate soldiers -- during the Battle of Gettysburg at the heart of the Civil War .  About another 3,500 died in the weeks and months following the battle . Buell , founder of the Paranormal Research Society and host of A&E 's "  Paranormal State , " remembers getting shot there . Except he never was . "  We were taking a ghost tour of Gettysburg  National Military Park  and suddenly I was having trouble breathing ... I was wheezing and I was having trouble breathing and the pain , it got worse , " Buell said . Buell went to the hospital , and the doctors ran some tests . "  Long story short , suddenly they come running back and they tear off my shirt and they said something like , ` Where 's the exit wound ? ' " Buell said . But no exit wound ever appeared on his body . If you go : There are several Gettysburg ghost tours , including Gettysburg Ghost Tours and Ghosts of Gettysburg  which is hosted by a former park ranger  . Charleston and Savannah Older cities such as Charleston , South Carolina , and Savannah , Georgia , remind tourists that they just might be walking on bones . Savannah is "  literally built on its dead , " Hawes said . "  When they 're going to put up buildings , they have to do tests , core samples , to see if they find any bones . " Robert Edgerly , founder of one of the city 's popular walking ghost tours and author of "  Savannah Hauntings , " said that the 17hundred90 Inn is one of his favorite local spots . The 17hundred90 Inn , first built in the 1800s , is proud of its paranormal history , with an entire section of the website devoted to people 's experiences . The inn 's most famous resident is Anne Powell , who reportedly fell from a window to her death , though the event is clouded with rumor . Charleston is no less spooky -- especially the Old City Jail , which is famous for the prisoners kept locked behind its bars , including Lavinia Fisher , often thought of as America 's first female mass murderer . If you go : Savannah visitors can book a room at the 17hundred90 Inn . Charleston features many tours , with the Ghost & Dungeon Walking Tour , Charleston 's Ghost Hunt and Ghosts of the South among the options . Gilliland 's Ranch , Trout Lake , Washington Gilliland 's Ranch , in Trout Lake is fairly new as a paranormal hotspot , at least measured against the decades - or centuries-plus history of some of the other locales on our list . Owned and operated by James Gilliland -- whose resume includes minister , counselor , author and radio host -- the ranch distinguishes itself in other ways : Buell said he was "  guaranteed " to experience activity on his first visit , a rare and rarely true claim . Gilliland "  claimed he was being visited by aliens , all the time , and that there were supernatural beings on his property , " Buell said . So a friend , another paranormal aficionado , took up the claim and reported back . "  He 's like , ' I swear to you , all night long we had experiences in this place ... Every night , something happened , ' " Buell said . A big ball of light would appear and then split up into triangles and then regroup -- circling and darting unnaturally , according to Buell 's friend . Many people claim to have experienced contact with extraterrestrial life at the ranch , with anecdotes spread across the Web . If you go : Contact the ranch to schedule a private tour .  Reservations are required . Point Pleasant , West Virginia West Virginia 's Point Pleasant is synonymous with the story of the Mothman , an extraterrestrial creature sighted throughout the town in the late 1960s and made famous by the book "  The Mothman Prophecies , " later adapted as a film starring Richard Gere . The town boasts several landmarks , including the Mothman Statue , which depicts the creature as a silvery humanoid , with teeth bared . The Lowe Hotel is nearby , offering an easy second stop on any personalized ghost tour . Not only does it house the Mothman Museum , the hotel is home to a small coterie of otherworldly figures . Many people assume the experiences in the town have stopped . Not so . While he was visiting , Buell had some "  really crazy experiences , " including a brush with the Mothman that involved an underground munitions bunker , a voice-activated tape recorder and a psychic . "  You want to talk about something right out of ` The X-Files ' -- here 's Point Pleasant , " he said . If you go : Book a room at the Lowe Hotel and take a tour of the hotel museum . Where do you like to go to get scared during Halloween ? Share your thoughts in the comments below .	A Hollywood hotel makes no promises that you 'll spot Marilyn Monroe There are reports of St. Augustine 's lighthouse attracting "  visitors " to its site The extraterrestrial Mothman made West Virginia 's Point Pleasant famous
Shanghai  CNN  -- Hu Rongfen had no choice . On November 14 , 1971 , in the whirlwind of Mao Zedong 's Cultural Revolution , the slender and soft-spoken middle school graduate was dispatched from Shanghai to a far-flung village in East China 's Anhui Province to work in the country . This was n't a punishment for any wrongdoing -- on the contrary , the quiet girl was a top student in class . The migration was an order from the central government to every urban household -- at least one of their teenage children needed to leave the city to work on the farm indefinitely . The ruthless political command lasted from 1966 until the mid-1970s and intended that the privileged urban "  intellectual " youth learn from farmers and workers . As a result , China 's "  lost generation " emerged -- deprived of the chance of education and the right to live with their families . "  We were told that city dwellers never move their limbs and could not distinguish different crops , " says Hu , now 58 . "  So we were banished to labor and learn skills and grit from peasants . " Hu spent four years  1971-1974  planting rice , spreading cow dung and chopping wood in Jin Xian , a mountainous county . Known in Chinese as "  up to the mountains and down to the farms , " the urban-to-rural youth migration was part of China 's decade-long Cultural Revolution , a social political movement initiated to implement Communism and Maoism in China by eliminating any capitalist , feudalistic and cultural elements . Hu still remembers the luggage she brought : basic life necessities , the "  Little Red Book " explaining Chairman Mao 's theories -- a mandatory read for everybody -- and dozens of notebooks with hand-copied chapters from "  Jane Eyre " and "  Anna Karenina , " which she sneaked in secretly -- these books had been banned for their perceived Capitalist connotations . "  I used to read those notebooks in secret under my blanket at midnight . " According to Chinese media , as many as 17 million "  intellectual youths " in the country packed their bags and moved to some of the remotest parts of China . There , they transformed from care-free students to farmers . "  I still ca n't bear to recall my youth spent on the farm , " she says . One of Hu 's most vivid memories was working in rice fields in early spring in freezing water , on which lumps of ice still floated . There , she would bend down to seed for more than ten hours . She would slap her legs madly to rid herself of the leeches clinging to her limbs . Blood would ooze from her wounds and mingle with the dirt and water . Another time , she recalled walking 40 kilometers along mud paths against bone-chilling winds to the nearest bus station on Chinese New Year 's Eve to catch a ride to the train station to go back to Shanghai to see her parents . Hu was eventually elected by her commune to study mechanics at a college in Hefei -- the capital of Anhui -- in 1974 . Most people stayed as long as eight years in their commune and only started returning to cities from 1978 onwards . Many did not get a chance to return to their studies . Hu eventually found a job in Hefei after graduation and lived there until 1986 before moving back to her hometown for good . She worked as an office secretary at a scientific laboratory in Shanghai until her retirement in 2008 . But the memories from her youth still make Hu blanch . "  If the Cultural Revolution came back and I were to be dispatched again , I 'd rather commit suicide , " she says , noting that the farming days tortured her physically and mentally . "  I stayed awake night after night at the commune , worrying if I 'd ever return to any city . "  After my retirement , I seize every opportunity to travel and exercise my body  to stay healthy  , " she adds . "  I live a happy life now . I want to live every day like  I were still in my  youth because I was never able to enjoy my teens and 20s -- the best time of one 's life . " However , she confesses she did gain something -- an iron will to live through the toughest conditions and four lifelong friends . Hu and her four dormmates on the farm have stayed in regular contact for the past four decades . Having experienced similar ordeals in youth , they encourage and support each other to enjoy the present and the future . They write memoirs , travel stories and nostalgic poems to share with each other or post to the web . "  It 's a way for us to act out our feelings towards the past , " she says . "  Together my ` comrade sisters ' and I lived through some unimaginably tough times -- learning to live without parents and like peasants , " says Hu . "  And now we want to live our youth again all together . " As Leo Tolstoy wrote in "  Anna Karenina " : "  All the variety , all the charm , all the beauty of life are made up of light and shade . "	Millions of young people sent from city to country during China 's Cultural Revolution Under Mao Zedong , the Communist Party was purged of "  bourgeois " elements Hu Rongfen was a middle school student sent away from her home in Shanghai Hu : "  We were told that city dwellers never move their limbs and could not distinguish different crops "
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- At the Iron Market , Haitians shopped for everything from vegetables to Voodoo flags . One side was destroyed in a 2008 fire . The January 12 earthquake leveled the rest . By year 's end , workers hope to restore the Port-au-Prince landmark to its original splendor . Destined for Egypt in 1889 , the market 's French-built minarets became Haiti 's when the sale to a Cairo train station fell through and President Florvil Hyppolite bought the massive cast iron structures as part of his plan to modernize the city . It is the post-earthquake project that most excites Michael Gay , a Port-au-Prince engineer and co-owner of Haiti 's largest supplier of concrete . It 's inspiring to see the historical structure rise again amid the rubble , Gay said . But even more , the Iron Market restoration provides hope to those who live and work in its shadow -- especially because everyone knows Haiti 's rebuilding process is sure to be slow . By some estimates , it will take three to five years just to clear the rubble and debris still on the streets of Port-au-Prince . There is so much damage and destruction , so few trucks and places to dispose of the mangled steel and concrete and the piles of crushed furniture and personal possessions . The government plans to begin the reconstruction phase of the recovery process late this summer with some of the almost $ 10 billion pledged at a March donor conference . Haitians say they intend to build differently than they did before the earthquake . The government , awakened to the nation 's construction follies , says it plans to crack down to ensure proper materials and techniques . ` We have to change ' "  The government has no administrative control on building projects here  i.e. no building code to follow or building permits to take out  , so when the Haitians and the outside world ask why did this disaster happen , what can anybody say ? "  A Canadian structural engineer entered this web post about his trip to Haiti after the earthquake . Engineers agree there are no excuses for the shoddy building that took place in Haiti . "  We 're in the state we 're in because of one thing , because of poor construction practices , " said Gay , who heads GDG Concrete and Construction . "  We have to change . I 've been saying it for more than 10 years . " Too many people suffered in the earthquake . If nothing else , Gay said he hopes fear will now serve as a guiding factor . Gay 's firm built the U.S. Embassy here , as well as telecommunications firm Digicel 's glass tower and other structures that withstood the earthquake . But without government regulation , enforced building codes and mandatory inspections , much of the rest of Haiti built as it pleased : cheaply . Gay said concrete and cement companies used sand containing calcium carbonate , a "  recipe for disaster , " or diluted the strength of the cement with too much water , a cost-saving measure . Steel rebar was smooth , not marked with ridges as it is in the United States , which helps lock concrete in place . Only four bars of steel were used for every column , not eight as in America , Haitians did the minimum to raise a building , said Georgia Tech engineering professor Reginald DesRoches . Forget about withstanding a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake . DesRoches , who has been making periodic trips to Haiti to help assess damage , said complicating Haiti 's rebuilding is that structures have to be both earthquake - and hurricane-resistant . The former requires heavy , solid construction ; the latter requires reinforcement and malleability . "  A small difference in technique can make a huge difference , DesRoches said . But ultimately "  it 's about changing the whole culture of building . " Gay agreed . Thankfully , he said , there is n't anyone left in Haiti who does n't feel accountable . "  The problem is that there was never any incentive to do it properly . The government has to do its job . " For the first time , the government intends to inspect new construction . It is requiring permits of those who want to repair damaged houses that have been marked as salvageable by the Ministry of Public Works , Transport and Communications . Inspectors have even stopped some questionable reconstruction projects . It is also working with foreign experts to train Haitian engineers and masons ; to make sure the nation has the skill set to build wisely . The Department of Public Works partnered with well-known American structural engineer Kit Miyamoto to train engineers . Already , 500 have been trained , according to Leslie Voltaire , a member of the government 's reconstruction committee . Miyamoto said the biggest challenge has been the sheer number of damaged buildings . So far , he said , about 70,000 have been assessed . "  We need to come up with a unique strategic idea to deal with hundreds of thousands of structures to be repaired and reconstructed , " he said . "  It may take some time but they will get there . " The sound of hammers and saws Construction issues and messy post-earthquake land disputes could slow the rebuilding effort . But with the urgent need for sound housing , some aid agencies have begun to construct transitional homes for thousands of Haitians facing a potentially violent rainy season without a roof over their heads . Some already have permanent materials ; others can later be reinforced . Plans call for thousands of these tiny homes to dot the landscape . They go up quickly and relatively cheaply , and are not subject to complex building codes and inspections . The noise of hammers and saws can be heard outside Port-au-Prince , in places like Cabaret and in Leogane , where land was available to build . Joseph Sanon oversees 45 carpenters for Habitat for Humanity . They are constructing plywood and corrugated tin shelters near Cabaret , on empty fields lined by watermelon crops and crimson hibiscus . The Habitat houses consist of nine wooden posts rooted in buckets of concrete that can be removed later if necessary . The heavy-duty tarps that wrap around the posts can one day be replaced by more permanent materials , including concrete . In the near future , Habitat is planning to build 1,000 such homes near Cabaret and another 1,000 in hard-hit Leogane to the west , said Habitat 's Ken Meinert . For Blanc Voltaire , the small one-room house is a gift from God , the only bright spot in the four months since the quake . He proudly showed it off . It was clean . Orderly . A carved wooden china cabinet was filled with ceramic cups and dishes . The bed was dressed in crisp white linens . It was a far cry from the forlorn tin shack across the yard . That 's where he used to sleep with his wife and four children . He put his hand to his calf to show how high the water rose when it rained . Voltaire said he is thankful for a proper roof over his children 's heads . He knows he is among the lucky ones . "  The demand is so high here , " Habitat 's Sanon said . "  There is someone asking for a house every minute . " In Leogane , an American missionary group helped put up neat rows of pre-fabricated compressed wood huts . In each was a dining table , chairs , a bed -- a semblance of normalcy for those left with nothing . Above the door in every house was a wooden placard that said , in Creole : "  Bondye Beni Lakay Nou . " God bless this house .	Reconstruction phase of Haiti 's recovery begins this summer Haitians hope to employ better building practices Hundreds of engineers are being trained Aid groups have already started building transitional home
CNN  Since 2008 , FIFA 's annual jamboree honoring the world 's best player has been dominated by just two names . Ronaldo , Messi , Messi , Messi , Messi , Ronaldo , Ronaldo . Monday saw Portuguese and Real Madrid superstar Cristano Ronaldo crowned as winner of the FIFA Ballon d'Or for a second year in a row . It came as scant surprise , given his club 's phenomenal form in 2014 that saw the return of Champions League trophy -- and with it the coveted "  decima , " or tenth European triumph -- to the Bernabeu . "  It has been an incredible year , " he said at the awards ceremony . "  I would like to continue the work that I have done so far . I want to try to improve , to become better as each day goes by . "  I never thought that I would bring this trophy back home on three occasions . I want to become one of the greatest players of all time . " Top of their game This seven-year duopoly reflects the importance of these two supreme athletes on the game , and allows us to see how lucky we are to be able to witness the long summers of two of the finest players to ever grace the sport . And part of the fascination lies in how different the two men are . Debating the relative merits of Ronaldo and his great rival Lionel Messi , talismans of Real and Barcelona , respectively , has been something of a parlor game in recent years . It 's easy to compare and contrast , at least superficially . On the one hand , the improbable , mercurial talent of the shaggy haired , oddly stooped figure of Messi , confusing defenders as much as inspiring his teammates to a higher level . On the other : Ronaldo . A glistening , taut mass of muscle , neck like a tree trunk , powering forward relentlessly . He looks like he was created in a lab or a high tech factory ; a Terminator , the ultimate footballer . Media matters The two could n't be much more different , in style and , if you are to believe the majority of the media , likability . Ronaldo has suffered the slings and arrows of a largely hostile press for much of his career , starting as a foal-limbed teen in Manchester , where he was often derided as a "  show pony , " for elaborate and unnecessary tricks , and -- a sin in the English game -- diving to win free kicks and penalties . The negativity followed him to Madrid and a then-record transfer fee . It is largely Real 's cheerleading press , AS and Marca , that give him a free pass ; the rest of the global sporting media grudgingly accept his gifts , but are quick to level criticism when they feel it due . He 's often seen as a ball-hog , a selfish player who would rather shoot than pass to a teammate . That he has taken at least 10 shots at goal in nine matches does n't exactly banish the perception . That his fellow "  galactico " Gareth Bale would have the temerity to take a shot  and miss  in a recent Liga game rather than pass to CR7 , as the virtuoso has styled himself , earned him a withering look from the Portuguese master , and the opprobrium of fans . Off the field , his reticence to engage the media -- a symptom , it is said , of his shyness -- has been interpreted as haughty and arrogant . Messi , on the other hand , who also eschews media coverage has typically been viewed as humble and self-effacing -- although recent tax and locker room scandals threaten to change that . Phenomenal 2014 But the stats do n't lie , and with the phenomenal return of 61 goals from 60 appearances  42 in 30 La Liga games alone  during 2014 , it 's hard not to give credit to this year 's winner . He reached the 400-goal milestone for club and country  in 653 appearances  in January , He is a footballing genius , and had he stood alone -- his yin unopposed by Messi 's yang -- he would no doubt be already talked of as one of the all-time greats . As it stands , he 's talking about that honor in aspirational terms , as a goal ; he 's spent most of his career battling comparisons . He 's also developed in leaps and bounds since his 2008 World Player of the Year trophy , refined his unquestionable talent since he first grinned on that FIFA stage . He 's far more mature ; gone are the unnecessary stepovers and  almost  the petulance . To complement this , he long ago inherited an undimmable desire to win from his old mentor , Alex Ferguson , and he burns with passion and a need to score . That 's only become more evident as he grows into the complete player he has developed into over the past couple of years . And along with his natural ability , he 's long been an indefatigable , consummate professional who gives everything he has until the final whistle , and that 's what has fueled his work - and goal-rate in 2014 . He still takes a lot of shots , sure , but when "  Ronaldo does n't score , " on the rare occasions that he walks away from a match without netting a goal is the headline , maybe he 's right to do so . Certainly his Real Madrid coach , Carlo Ancelotti , does n't begrudge him the efforts . World Cup woes ? Germany 's irrepressible keeper Manuel Neuer -- who was a distant outlier for the Ballon d'Or this year -- may feel aggrieved that his superlative World Cup went unnoticed in voting . Indeed , Fabio Cannavaro won the award 's predecessor , the FIFA World Player of the Year in 2006 , off the back of his considerable influence captaining Italy to 2006 World Cup glory . But while he had a largely anonymous World Cup , it would be difficult to deny that , year round , it has been Cristiano 's year . And , like the man or not , no one should begrudge him his time at the pinnacle .	Real Madrid superstar Ronaldo picks up his second consecutive FIFA Ballon d'Or Comparisons with fellow great Lionel Messi have dogged Ronaldo 's career Portuguese midfielder has developed into a more refined , rounded player in recent years
Lonely Planet  -- So you 're ready to go . You 've booked your flight , arranged your accommodation and booked a rental car . Awaiting is a week of motoring through Italy 's magical countryside . But what 's it really like to drive in Italy ? Is it as nerve-wracking as it 's made out to be ? Do you need the skills of a Formula One driver to cut it on the nation 's dog-eat-dog superstrade ? Certainly , driving in Italy 's main cities can be a white-knuckle experience but head out to the country and you 'll find that the pace slackens and the roads are a lot less stressful . To help you on your way here are some insights based on years of experience and tens of thousands of kilometers . Lonely Planet : Italy for honeymooners Driving styles Italian drivers are fast , aggressive and skillful . Lane hopping and late braking are the norm and it 's not uncommon to see cars tailgating at 130km/h . Do n't expect people to slow down for you or let you out . Rather , seize the moment . As soon as you see a gap , go for it . Italians expect the unexpected and react swiftly but they 're not used to ditherers so whatever you do , do it decisively . Road etiquette Much driving etiquette is dictated by unwritten rules . Flashing , for example , means ` Get out of the way ' or ` Do n't pull out ` coz I 'm not stopping ' . But if an approaching car flashes you , it 's warning you that there 's a police check ahead . Similarly , the car horn can mean everything from ` Watch out ' to ` Ciao ' to ` Let 's celebrate , the traffic light 's just turned green ' . City challenges When driving in cities watch out for traffic restrictions . Many city centers are off-limits to unauthorized traffic and if you slip into a ZTL  zona a traffico limitato -- reduced traffic zone  you risk being caught on camera and fined . City driving also involves dealing with one-way systems , scooters appearing out of nowhere and narrow streets better suited to horse-drawn chariots than modern cars . To escape the worst mayhem , drive in the early afternoon when traffic is at its lightest and parking is easier . Which brings us to ... Parking Parking is a major headache . Space is at a premium in towns and cities and Italy 's traffic wardens are annoyingly efficient . Car parks do exist but they usually fill up quickly , leaving you to park on the streets . If you park between blue lines make sure to get a ticket from the nearest meter  coins only  or tabaccaio  tobacconist  and display it on your dashboard . Note , however , that charges do n't apply overnight , typically between 8pm and 8am . Lonely Planet : Driving Burgundy 's Route des Grands Cru Petrol stations You 'll find filling stations all over but smaller ones tend to close between about 1pm and 3.30 pm and on Sunday afternoons . This is n't as irritating as it might sound as many have self-service  fai da te  pumps that you can use any time . Simply insert a bank note into the payment machine and press the number of the pump you want . Remembering , of course , to distinguish between benzina  petrol  and gasolio  diesel  . What to carry in the car Apart from your driving license , car documents , insurance papers and reflective safety vest , which you 're legally obliged to carry , it 's worth having some coins for parking meters . Also , if you 're travelling with kids , keep some plastic bags to hand . Car sickness is a real possibility on winding country roads and things can prove messy unless you 're prepared . Car hire Hiring a car in Italy is easy enough -- agencies are widespread and all the usual rules and regulations apply . But bear in mind that a car is generally more hassle than it 's worth in cities , so only hire one for the time you 'll be out on the open road . Also , think about what kind of car to get . Rural road surfaces are not always the best and many agriturismi and beaches lie at the end of long , axle-busting tracks . Similarly , road signs can be iffy in remote areas , so consider paying for sat nav . Top drives Here are a few roads to try out .  Bolzano to Cortina d'Ampezzo , Dolomites .  Montepulciano to Montalcino via Pienza , Tuscany  Sulmona to Pescasseroli via Scanno , Abruzzo  Chia to Porto Teulada , Costa del Sud , Sardinia  Vietri sul Mare to Sorrento , Amalfi Coast , Campania  Potenza to Metaponto , Basilicata Lonely Planet : How to survive a boring road trip  2011 Lonely Planet . All rights reserved .	Italian drivers are fast , aggressive and skillful , so make sure to drive decisively Watch out for traffic restrictions because many city centers are off-limits to unauthorized traffic Apart from a driving license and car documents , it 's worth having some coins for parking meters
CNN  -- The Arkansas medical examiner has ruled the death of a man shot while handcuffed in the back of a police car as a suicide , the state crime lab announced Monday . Chavis Carter , 21 , died July 29 while in the back of a Jonesboro , Arkansas , police car . The police report from that night shows officers detained Carter after learning there was a warrant for his arrest in Mississippi and searched him twice before leaving him handcuffed in the backseat of a patrol car . "  At the time of discharge , the muzzle of the gun was placed against the right temporal scalp , " the crime lab 's report states . Police said they discovered a .380 - caliber Cobra semi-automatic pistol when the found Carter 's body slumped over . Many people in Jonesboro were skeptical about the shooting , as was Carter 's mother . "  I think they killed him , " Theresa Carter told CNN on Wednesday . "  I mean , my son was n't suicidal . " She also said her son was left-handed and had called his girlfriend to tell her he would contact her from jail . She wondered how police could find a bag of marijuana and not find a gun when they searched her son . There have been several protests in Jonesboro by citizens who do n't believe the police explanation . Police have released a video in which an officer dramatizes how someone could shoot themselves while in the back of a police car . The officer was the same height and build as Carter , police said . They also have released the interview room video of a witness who said police were standing outside the car when a shot was fired . The autopsy also showed that Chavis Carter tested positive for marijuana , amphetamines  including meth  and benzodiazepines , classified by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration as depressants . Jonesboro police said the investigation into Carter 's death is ongoing .	Crime lab concludes suspect shot himself in right temple Chavis Carter was handcuffed in the back of a police car The 21-year-old had been searched for a weapon twice His mother has said he was not suicidal
ST. PETERSBURG , Florida  CNN  -- The acrimony from the Republican campaign trail carried over quickly into the CNN/YouTube GOP presidential debate Wednesday . The debate marked the first time the candidates had faced off on the same stage in over a month . With five weeks to go until the first contest of the 2008 nominating season , the Republican candidates engaged in a free-for-all , trying to differentiate their views on immigration , the Iraq war , abortion , gun control and even whether they believed every word in the Bible was true . Unlike previous debates in which the candidates focused most of their attacks on Democratic front-runner Hillary Clinton , Wednesday night 's attacks were launched at each other . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani and former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney traded jabs over illegal immigration , something they have been arguing about on the trail for the past month . Romney attacked Giuliani 's record , saying that as mayor , he promoted illegal immigration . And Giuliani shot back , accusing Romney of having a "  sanctuary mansion " at his own home . Watch the debate format produce raw moments " "  In his case , there were six sanctuary cities . He did nothing about them . There was a sanctuary mansion -- at his own home , illegal immigrants were being employed , " Giuliani said . Romney denied Giuliani 's allegation , and the two raised their voices as they tried to talk over each other . In his quest to appeal to the hard-line immigration wing of the party , Romney also turned some of his fire on the same topic toward former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , who has been rising in the polls . Rep. Tom Tancredo , who has anchored his candidacy on securing the borders and cracking down on illegal immigration , seemed delighted with the give and take , saying the other candidates were trying to "  out-Tancredo " him . Huckabee drew one of the night 's largest cheers when he said that one of the agencies he would abolish to control federal spending was the Internal Revenue Service . "  Most people in this country are more afraid of an audit than they are of a mugging , and there 's a reason why , " he said . Sen. John McCain , freshly back from a visit to Iraq over Thanksgiving and the most hawkish of the candidates , and Rep. Ron Paul , the most anti-war of the candidates , tangled on two occasions over the Iraq war . Did YouTubers get their questions answered ? " Asked which government programs they would cut , Paul said bringing the troops home from Iraq would save "  a trillion dollars . " McCain said : "  It 's that kind of isolationism that caused World War II , " which drew some hoots from the crowd . Watch McCain , Paul spar on Iraq " Paul replied : "  The real question you have to ask is why do I get the most money from active duty officers and military personnel ? " A retired brigadier general , Keith Kerr , who is gay , asked candidates if they thought U.S. military personnel were professional enough to work with gay and lesbian troops . CNN later learned that a June media release from the campaign of Democratic front-runner Clinton listed Kerr as a member of its steering committee for gay and lesbian supporters . Watch Kerr deny that the Clinton campaign influenced his question " David Bohrman , CNN senior vice president and executive producer of the debate , said , "  We regret this incident . CNN would not have used the general 's question had we known that he was connected to any presidential candidate . " Political Ticker Kerr told CNN after the debate that he has not worked for the Clinton campaign and was representing no one other than himself . Kerr also said he is a member of the Log Cabin Republicans , a national gay and lesbian Republican grass-roots organization . Prior to the debate , CNN had verified Kerr 's military background and that he had not contributed money to any presidential candidate . In a section of the debate about gun ownership rights , three of the GOP presidential hopefuls said they do not own guns : McCain , Giuliani and Romney . Former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson quipped , "  I own a couple of guns -- but I 'm not going to tell you what they are or where they are . " Watch the candidates address gun control " The debate turned personal when a viewer , holding the Bible , asked : "  Do you believe every word of this book ? And I mean specifically , this book that I am holding in my hand . " Huckabee , a Baptist minister , said , "  Sure , I believe the Bible is exactly what it is . " Giuliani said he believes the Bible , but not "  literally true in every respect . " After that , Romney stammered a bit when moderator Anderson Cooper asked him if he believed every word . Watch the candidates get personal about the Bible " "  Yeah , the Bible is the word of God . ... I might interpret the word differently than you interpret the word , but I read the Bible and I believe the Bible is the word of God , " Romney said . When asked about abortion , Romney said he was wrong in favoring a woman 's right to choose -- his position when he was elected governor of Massachusetts . "  If people in this country are looking for someone who 's never made a mistake on a policy issue and is not willing to admit they 're ever wrong , they 're going to have to find somebody else . On abortion , I was wrong , " he said . His remarks came in response to the 30-second video produced for the debate by Thompson 's campaign , which included a clip of Romney expressing support for Roe vs. Wade during a 1994 debate against Sen. Ted Kennedy . When asked what women and doctors should be charged with if abortion was to become illegal , Paul said it was not an issue for the president or the federal government . "  We do n't need a federal abortion police , that 's the last thing we need , " Paul said . He added that the issue should be left to the states and courts and not federal authorities . On the issues of taxes , Thompson said he 'd "  never met a tax he liked . " "  I 've got a tax-cut bill on the table . But I do n't do pledges to anybody but the American people , " he said . His response was met by a "  Go , Fred , go ! " from a member of the audience . On the issue of trade with China , Rep. Duncan Hunter said China is "  cheating on trade ... and it 's in the interest of the United States to stop China 's cheating . Buy American this Christmas season -- that might keep your neighbor from losing his job . " The candidates fielded video questions submitted by the public via the YouTube Web site , just as Democratic White House candidates did in July . The debate was the first time the GOP candidates had faced off on the same stage in over a month . CNN 's political team viewed nearly 5,000 videos for the GOP debate -- about 2,000 more than they saw for the Democrats ' debate . E-mail to a friend	YouTube questions address taxes , the Bible , abortion , gun control Giuliani , Romney , Huckabee spar over immigration McCain challenges Paul over suggestion to bring troops home from Iraq Nearly 5,000 videos for the GOP debate ; 2,000 more than Democratic debate
CNN  -- A bride is in mourning . Hours after the wedding , groom William Riley Knight , 49 , of Crown Point , Indiana , was struck and killed . His new wife , Nikki Knight , was not injured . "  I went from a being a newlywed to a widow in less than 48 hours  $ " the highest high to the lowest low , " she told the Chicago Sun-Times on Sunday . "  It 's a blur . " They had just left their reception , according to Patti Van Til , a spokeswoman with the Lake County , Indiana , Sheriff 's Department . Nikki was still in her wedding dress , she said . Knight was acting as a good Samaritan on Saturday night when he stopped to assist Linda Darlington , whose vehicle had slid into a ditch along a road in Crown Point . He climbed out to help while his wife waited in the car . "  He said , ` We 've got to stop , it 's late and they need help , ' " Nikki , a registered nurse , told the Chicago newspaper . "  He was the type of person who was willing to put himself on the line and support you no matter what , " she said . Her husband and Darlington , 42 , were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the road . They were first hit by one vehicle , followed by two more . Darlington was also killed . According to CNN affiliate WBBM , which spoke to Knight 's ex-wife , he had four children , including two stepchildren . He acted in community theater , was a hunter and reportedly served in the U.S. Army Rangers before retiring in the mid-1990s . "  He was very outgoing , always wanting to help somebody , " said friend Rob Biella , CNN affiliate WLS reported . "  He was good to be around my kids . I 'm glad they got to know him . " All drivers remained on scene , and there is nothing to suggest that alcohol was a factor in the crash , according to Van Til . The accident remains under investigation . "  He was just trying to do a good thing for somebody in need , " the spokeswoman said . "  It 's very sad . We have a job to do here , but sometimes it just brings you sadness . " Bride loses her groom and her leg , but not her faith	NEW : "  I went from a being a newlywed to a widow in less than 48 hours , " wife says William Riley Knight stopped to help a woman whose vehicle had slid into a ditch He and Linda Darlington were struck multiple times as they stood by the side of the road
CNN  -- A moderate 5.3-magnitude earthquake that rattled southern Colorado early Tuesday morning was the largest to hit the state in more than 40 years , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake 's epicenter was seven miles southwest of Cokedale , and 180 miles south of Denver . There were no immediate reports of casualties . A dispatcher at the sheriff 's office in Las Animas County , which includes Cokedale , said the quake lasted almost 30 seconds . The office received reports of rocks falling on a highway and of some structure damage . It was the largest in a series of earthquakes that struck the area . As of 5 a.m. local time  7 a.m. ET  , the USGS reported seven quakes centered just south of Cokedale since midnight . Amy Vaughan of the USGS said the 5.3 magnitude ties that of an earthquake Colorado suffered on August 9 , 1967 . In 1973 , the USGS originally reported a quake with a magnitude of 5.7 , but it turned out that was caused by an explosion , Vaughan said . The largest recorded quake to hit Colorado had a magnitude of 6.5 on Nov. 7 , 1882 , near Rocky Mountain National Park , Vaughan said . CNN 's Samuel Gardner III and Josh Levs also contributed to this report .	The 5.3-magnitude quake ties a quake in 1967 The quake is one of several to hit the area Tuesday The epicenter is seven miles southwest of Cokedale There were no immediate reports of casualties
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Following their retreat in Virginia , House Republicans voted for an unusual budget plan , which the White House has given some indications it would accept . The GOP decided to temporarily extend the debt ceiling , the federal law that authorizes the government to borrow the money it needs to pay for its expenditures for three months . This would give President Barack Obama and Congress time to deal with the pending budget cuts that were left unresolved by the fiscal cliff deal , and then Congress will take up the debt ceiling again in three months . The deal also imposes a pay freeze , starting on April 15 , on legislators if they fail to reach a budget agreement . Although some observers are breathing a sigh of relief that the Republicans wo n't use the debt ceiling to hold the administration hostage as it deliberates over the spending cut , the decision represents one more example of the kind of Band-Aid budgeting that has become normalized in Washington over the past few years . It just postpones the debt ceiling fight a few more months . The last time Congress actually passed a budget was in 2009 . In 1974 , Congress tried to reform the budget by creating budget committees and requiring Congress to put together an overall budget . But that system has fallen apart . Rather than a coherent approach to taxing and spending , Congress has relied on stopgap measures called "  continuing resolutions " to keep the government working . Federal money is allocated but without any long-term plan . The budget process has become so polarized that neither party is enthusiastic about laying out a long-term plan . Senate Democrats have refused to propose a budget for fear that Republicans will attach amendments meant to embarrass moderate Democrats by forcing them to vote them down . Senate Democrats also know that House Republicans wo n't vote for what they put together . Rather than dealing with the budget in a rational and thoughtful manner , the entire process has become so politicized that Congress simply offers short-term budget fixes and leaves agencies in a state of constant uncertainty . The ongoing threat of massive spending cuts tied to raising the debt ceiling causes even greater uncertainty than the new normal of short-term budgets . Not only is there an absence of long-term planning , but the possibility of debilitating cuts in the future is something that has become very real . This dysfunctional approach to budgeting has terrible long-term effects on the capacity of the government to do its business . One of the main functions of the federal government has been to make long-term investments in areas where private markets are lagging . But if Congress and the White House do n't adopt a budget , the nation winds up postponing decisions about making such investments . Historically , some of the most successful initiatives in our nation 's capital have come when politicians were able to devote resources to structural challenges that had festered . During the 1940s and 1950s , the federal government devoted substantial amounts of money to higher education , bolstering the quality of our research universities and opening access to millions of Americans who were the first in their families to receive this level of education . Federal investment also produced our modern computing and Internet system as well as advances in military technology that have curtailed the need for using large numbers of ground troops . For all the fiscal challenges faced by Social Security and Medicare , through both of those programs the federal government made long-term commitments that substantially reduced poverty rates and inadequate health care among the elderly . Our most successful agencies have depended on some kind of stability and normality in the budget process . The most effective leaders , such as David Lilienthal at the Tennessee Valley Authority in the 1930s or James Webb at NASA in the 1960s , were given some budgetary cover from Congress so they could engage in long-term planning that improved the infrastructure of rural areas or allowed us to make huge advances in our understanding of space . In an era when conservatives and liberals often lambast bureaucrats as the prime example of inefficient and useless workers , it would be worth looking back at an era when a steady and predictable flow of funding allowed government leaders to do their job well , focusing on the long-term problems , not each short term political crisis . Those conditions no longer exist . Over the past few years Congress has engaged in a type of budgeting in which legislators simply pass temporary , quick fixes each year , leaving agencies in limbo about what their status will be in the near future and preventing policymakers from really engaging in deliberations about how the resources of government could best be used . One employee at the Federal Aviation Administration told The Washington Post , "  I still have a lot of uncertainty about the sequester  across-the-board spending cuts that are scheduled to start on March 1  . We do n't know where it is going to lead us as far as furloughs . It 's kind of unnerving . " Appointed officials and civil servants literally ca n't predict what will come next . Indeed , everyone connected with an agency is left scrambling . Since the buildup to the fiscal cliff deal , military contractors have been left in a state of great uncertainty about what to expect for their businesses , which are dependent on federal funds . United Technologies Corp. , the Connecticut-based company with units that work on defense programs , could not even come up with a general number to predict how many jobs were at risk in the coming year because of the current state of affairs . Back in 2011 , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that using continuing resolutions to deal with the budget resulted in "  inefficient , start-and-stop management " through short-term contacts . This kind of budgeting process makes the warnings of conservatives a self-fulfilling prophesy . It makes it impossible for the federal government to work well , as the right claims it never will . But in fact the budgeting process is the problem here , not government as an entity . The result is that in all realms of policy , from domestic programs to defense , we suffer as a nation . As the new Congress begins , legislators need to take stock and rethink the way budgeting is handled . Otherwise they will severely erode the capacity of a federal government that was once responsible for some of our most important advances . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer says Congress ' repeated failure to pass a budget is harmful He says the constant series of short-term votes and debt-ceiling extensions extracts a cost The government never grapples with key decisions about long-term investments , he says Zelizer : Failure to pass a budget makes GOP criticisms of government seem justified
Washington  CNN  -- Sen. Dianne Feinstein called Wednesday for President Obama to reverse a policy established last year that kept the suspect in the Christmas Day botched jetliner bombing from having been placed on a no-fly list . The failed bombing "  is a reminder that attempts to attack the U.S. homeland continue and that al Qaeda and affiliated terrorist groups are searching for new ways to use explosive devices and operatives that will not arouse suspicion in order to carry out attacks in this country , " the California Democrat wrote Wednesday in a letter to the president posted on her Web site . "  We must therefore adjust to meet these developments and stay ahead of them . " The chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence said that the U.S. government was warned about the radicalization of suspect Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , 23 , of Nigeria , more than a month before he flew from Nigeria to the Netherlands and then to Detroit , Michigan . "  Yet apparently no action was taken other than to put Mr. AbdulMutallab in the Terrorist Identities Datamart Environment . He was not placed on a No-Fly or Selectee List for additional scrutiny and screening , nor was action taken to revoke his visa , " Feinstein said . A U.S. government official said the United States had intelligence more than a month before the attack -- between August and October -- that extremists in Yemen were discussing operations ; that someone known as "  the Nigerian " was mentioned ; and that U.S. intelligence had a partial name , Umar Farouk . Federal authorities have charged AbdulMutallab with trying to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear as the flight made its final approach to Detroit . The device failed to fully detonate , instead setting off a fire at his seat . Feinstein said she understood that AbdulMutallab was n't put on a no-fly list because of a policy established last year during the administration of George W. Bush , "  that limits the circumstances under which the government adds an individual to the watch list . " She called the standard "  too restrictive " and urged that it be changed . "  The U.S. Government should watchlist , and deny visas , to anyone who is reasonably believed to be affiliated with , part of , or acting on behalf of a terrorist organization , " she said . A U.S. counterterrorism official who asked not to be identified said the change to which Feinstein was referring was "  designed to provide a clear , government-wide standard " for putting an individual on a terrorist watch list . Before the change , law enforcement , intelligence and homeland security agencies and departments involved with the list "  applied moderately different standards , " the official said . The 2008 change "  made it a universal standard . " But the official said the change did not make it more difficult to get a name on the watch list and represented the collective thinking of the nation 's intelligence agencies . It was not clear who had sought the change , said the official , who would not comment on Feinstein 's letter . On December 9 , Timothy Healy , director of the Terrorist Screening Center at the FBI , submitted testimony before the Senate Homeland Security Committee explaining the policy : "  TSC accepts nominations into the Terrorist Watchlist when they satisfy two requirements , " he said . "  First , the biographic information associated with a nomination must contain sufficient identifying data so that a person being screened can be matched to or disassociated from a watchlisted terrorist . "  Second , the facts and circumstances pertaining to the nomination must meet the ` reasonable suspicion ' standard of review established by terrorist screening presidential directives . Reasonable suspicion requires ` articulable ' facts which , taken together with rational inferences , reasonably warrant a determination that an individual is known or suspected to be or has been engaged in conduct constituting , in preparation for , in aid of or related to terrorism and terrorist activities , and is based on the totality of the circumstances . "  Due weight must be given to the reasonable inferences that a person can draw from the facts . Mere guesses or inarticulate ` hunches ' are not enough to constitute reasonable suspicion . " The recommendation came as the administration briefed congressional staffers in private meetings on the matter . But several who attended told CNN Correspondent Candy Crowley that they learned little . Congressional hearings are slated for next month . Complaints also emerged Wednesday over how federal authorities handled the matter once it had occurred on Christmas Day . The Department of Homeland Security alerted 128 flights that were then en route to the United States from Europe and told them to take security precautions , CNN 's Jeanne Meserve reported . But more than 3,000 other flights that were in the air at that point were not alerted , which drew criticism from some who asked why the department had concluded that they , too , were not at risk . Though it was not clear whether al Qaeda was involved in the failed Christmas Day attack , the terrorist organization 's hallmark is to launch nearly simultaneous attacks , as occurred during the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks on the United States . Michael Chertoff , who served as secretary of the Department of Homeland Security under the Bush administration , urged caution in apportioning blame . "  I do n't think we have the full picture , " he told CNN . "  I do n't want to rush to judgment . " He said security officials can not count on perfection and therefore have created a layered security strategy "  so that even if one fails , another one gets picked up . " Chertoff , who works as a security consultant for companies that make screening devices that can identify explosives hidden under clothing , urged that such machines be deployed more widely . The devices are opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union and privacy advocates . And , noting that British authorities revoked AbdulMutallab 's visa this year but did not inform their U.S. counterparts , Chertoff urged that information-sharing between countries be made more open . "  We 've got to go back to the European Union and fight this fight all over again and tell them that their exalting privacy over security could very well have resulted in tragedy for Europeans as well as Americans , " he said . CNN Homeland Security Correspondent Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	Sen. Feinstein : Failed December 25 airline attack shows U.S. must adapt Feinstein : Current standard for no-fly list too restrictive Counterterrorism official : Standard did n't make it more difficult to get name on list
America 's drug war in Afghanistan is failing badly , a U.S. government watchdog says in a new report . Afghan farmers are growing bumper crops of opium poppies -- an unprecedented 209,000 hectares in 2013 -- even though U.S. agencies spent $ 7.6 billion to stop narcotics production in the nation . Afghanistan is the source of 80 % of the world 's illegal opium , the U.S. government says , yielding $ 3 billion in sales in 2013 , up from $ 2 billion from the previous year . U.S. authorities say a big chunk of that money funds Afghanistan 's insurgency and terrorism . As NATO winds down its war effort in the nation , the trend would appear to bode ill . Since 2002 , the chief factors that appear to have caused temporary drops in poppy production were crop disease and high prices for wheat , an alternative crop for farmers , according to the report by the Office of the Special Inspector General for Afghanistan Reconstruction . "  The recent record-high level of poppy cultivation calls into question the long-term effectiveness and sustainability of those prior efforts , " the report says . "  Given the severity of the opium problem and its potential to undermine U.S. objectives in Afghanistan , I strongly suggest that your departments consider the trends in opium cultivation and the effectiveness of past counternarcotics efforts when planning future initiatives . " The report says last year 's 209,000-hectare record surpasses the previous high of 193,000 hectares of opium poppies grown in 2007 . The report relies on figures from the United Nations Office on Drugs on Crime . The report says that areas that were once models for successful counterinsurgency and counternarcotics efforts are now booming poppy producers . The report cites Nangarhar province in eastern Afghanistan , which the United Nations declared "  poppy-free " in 2008 but saw a fourfold increase in opium poppy production between 2012 and 2013 . The inspector general sent the report to the State , Defense and Justice departments , which fund anti-drug efforts in Afghanistan . The State Department called the findings "  disappointing " and blamed the increase in opium poppy production on shifts in the Afghan government 's own security efforts . The Pentagon asked the inspector general to remove Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel from receiving the report because the military plays a secondary role to other U.S. government agencies in thwarting drug production in Afghanistan . "  In our opinion , the failure to reduce poppy cultivation and increase eradication is due to the lack of Afghan government support for the effort , " Michael Lumpkin , assistant secretary of defense , wrote to the inspector general . "  Poverty , corruption , the terrorism nexus to the narcotics trade , and access to alternative livelihood opportunities that provide an equal or greater profit than poppy cultivation are all contributors to the Afghan drug problem . "	It says Afghan farmers are growing bumper crops of opium poppies Opium brought in $ 3 billion in 2013 , and much of it funded terrorism , authorities say The report says U.S. agencies spent $ 7.6 billion to stop nation 's narcotics production Afghanistan is the source of 80 % of the world 's illegal opium , the U.S. government says
Rapid City , South Dakota  CNN  -- Walid Shoebat had a blunt message for the roughly 300 South Dakota police officers and sheriff 's deputies who gathered to hear him warn about the dangers of Islamic radicalism . Terrorism and Islam are inseparable , he tells them . All U.S. mosques should be under scrutiny . "  All Islamic organizations in America should be the No. 1 enemy . All of them , " he says . It 's a message Shoebat is selling based on his own background as a Palestinian-American convert to conservative Christianity . Born in the West Bank , the son of an American mother , he says he was a Palestinian Liberation Organization terrorist in his youth who helped firebomb an Israeli bank in Bethlehem and spent time in an Israeli jail . That billing helps him land speaking engagements like a May event in Rapid City -- a forum put on by the state Office of Homeland Security , which paid Shoebat $ 5,000 for the appearance . He 's a darling on the church and university lecture circuit , with his speeches , books and video sales bringing in $ 500,000-plus in 2009 , according to tax records . "  Being an ex-terrorist myself is to understand the mindset of a terrorist , " Shoebat told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 . " But CNN reporters in the United States , Israel and the Palestinian territories found no evidence that would support that biography . Neither Shoebat nor his business partner provided any proof of Shoebat 's involvement in terrorism , despite repeated requests . Back in his hometown of Beit Sahour , outside Bethlehem , relatives say they ca n't understand how Shoebat could turn so roundly on his family and his faith . "  I have never heard anything about Walid being a mujahedeen or a terrorist , " said Daood Shoebat , who says he is Walid Shoebat 's fourth cousin . "  He claims this for his own personal reasons . " CNN 's Jerusalem bureau went to great lengths trying to verify Shoebat 's story . The Tel Aviv headquarters of Bank Leumi had no record of a firebombing at its now-demolished Bethlehem branch . Israeli police had no record of the bombing , and the prison where Shoebat says he was held "  for a few weeks " for inciting anti-Israel demonstrations says it has no record of him being incarcerated there either . Shoebat says he was never charged because he was a U.S. citizen . "  I was born by an American mother , " he said . "  The other conspirators in the act ended up in jail . I ended up released . " He said his own family has vouched for his prison time . But relatives CNN spoke to described him as a "  regular kid " who left home at 18 , eventually becoming a computer programmer in the United States . Shoebat , now in his 50s , says he converted to Christianity in 1993 and began spreading the word about the dangers of Islam . He has been interviewed as a terrorism expert on several television programs , including a handful of appearances on CNN and its sister network , HLN , in 2006 and 2007 . Since al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington , expertise on terrorism has been in high demand . The federal Department of Homeland Security has spent nearly $ 40 million on counterterrorism training since 2006 . The department does n't keep track of how much goes to speakers , nor does it advise officials on the speakers hired by states and municipalities . Shoebat spoke at a 2010 conference in South Dakota and was so well-received that he was invited back for the May event in Rapid City , according to state officials . He warned the police and first responders gathered in the hotel conference rooms that the Lebanese Shiite Muslim militia Hezbollah had operatives working in Mexico and that drug cartels were raising money with Islamic groups . He also asserted that federal agents could have prevented the 9/11 attacks by looking for a chafed spot , called "  zabibah , " that sometimes forms on the foreheads of devout Muslims . "  You need ex-terrorists who can tell you what life is like and what thinking is like of potential terrorists , " Shoebat said . "  But had we looked at the zabibah only , we would have deflected a suicide action of killing 3,000 Americans . " But Shoebat also told the group there were 17 hijackers when there were 19 . And perhaps more surprising from a man who bills himself as a terror expert , Shoebat said the Transportation Security Administration could have stopped them . The TSA was n't created until after the 9-11 attacks . Jim Carpenter , South Dakota 's homeland security director , said Shoebat brought "  a point of view that certainly is not mainstream . " "  He brings in commentary about living and being raised as a Muslim and converting over to Christianity -- gives them a different aspect of breaking the mold , so to speak , " Carpenter said . But he said Shoebat 's appearance was "  a small portion " of the two-and-a-half-day conference . "  It 's not like we 're talking about setting up training and a discipline we would follow , that this is the only way and that 's the particular point of view of a Muslim or somebody of the Islamic faith . That 's not the case , " Carpenter said . "  That 's his point of view . " Carpenter said there is "  no fear of threat " from Islamic terrorism in South Dakota , where the last census reports showed the state 's Muslim community made up less than one-half of 1 percent of the population . According to Rapid City 's local newspaper , about two dozen Muslims live in the city . During Shoebat 's presentation , he criticized Muslim organizations and told audience members to be leery of Muslim doctors , engineers , students and mosques . "  Now , we are n't saying every single mosque is potential terrorist headquarters . But if you look at certain reports by the Hudson report , 80 percent of mosques they found pamphlets and education on jihad . So they 're in the mosque , the mosque in accordance to the Muslim brotherhood is the command post and center . " The conservative Hudson Institute said it never issued such a report and has no idea why its name was invoked . Shoebat warned that making special accommodations for Muslim beliefs was a step toward establishing Islamic religious law . And he recounted how he wore a T-shirt that read "  Profile me " on a trip to the airport and approached the screeners at the security checkpoint . "  I got tapped down , I got checked , I got all these different things , " he said . "  I say it 's wonderful . " Shoebat and business partner Keith Davies run several foundations and three websites that are all linked . Shoebat said the major group , the Forum for Middle East Understanding , includes his own Walid Shoebat Foundation . In tax records filed by Davies , the Forum for Middle East Understanding reported 2009 earnings from speaking engagements , videos and book sales of more than $ 560,000 . The documents are thin on specifics , and so is Shoebat . "  Basically , we are in information , and we do speaking and we do also helping Christians that are being persecuted in countries like Pakistan , and we help Christians that are suffering all throughout the Middle East , " he said . Asked how they do that , he said , "  None of your business " -- adding that disclosing details could endanger people he was trying to help in Islamic countries that have laws against blasphemy . Shoebat 's name does n't appear on any of the paperwork . As for his own salary , he said he makes "  probably what a gas station makes or a garage makes . " "  Everybody thinks I 'm just raking in the dough , which is absolutely incorrect , " he said . He referred details to Davies , who offered to provide a copy of the group 's tax returns -- but did n't . When asked who served on the foundation 's board of advisers , Davies gave "  Anderson Cooper 360 " the name of a former pilot , who did n't return phone calls . But he could not name the high-ranking military officers he said were on the board . Federal officials say they do n't know exactly how much money has gone to speakers like Shoebat . But in April , the bipartisan leaders of the Senate Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs Committee raised concerns about "  vitriolic diatribes " being delivered by "  self-appointed counterterrorism experts " at similar seminars . Sen. Susan Collins , the committee 's Republican chairwoman , and Connecticut Independent Sen. Joe Lieberman asked the department to account for how much federal grant money went to state and local counterterrorism programs and what standards guided those grants . The request followed reports by the liberal Political Research Associates and the Washington Monthly that raised similar questions . The Homeland Security Department told CNN that it has standards -- and if training programs do n't meet them , "  corrective action will be taken . " "  We have not and will not tolerate training programs -- or any DHS-supported program -- that rely on racial or ethnic profiling , " the agency said in a written statement . Kevin Flower and Enas I. Al-Muthaffar in Jerusalem and Amy Roberts and Max Newfield in Atlanta contributed to this report . Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Walid Shoebat advises police to investigate Islamic groups and mosques He says he 's a former Palestinian terrorist who once bombed an Israeli bank A CNN investigation found no evidence to support his biography A Senate committee has raised concerns about "  self-appointed counterterrorism experts "
KABUL , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A New York Times reporter who was kidnapped last week was freed Wednesday in a pre-dawn military raid in Afghanistan that left a British commando , an Afghan journalist and several others dead . New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell was abducted Saturday while covering a NATO airstrike in Afghanistan . Stephen Farrell was rescued by NATO 's International Security Assistance Force , known as the ISAF , the British Foreign Office said . A British commando died in the operation , the country 's Ministry of Defense said without offering further details . Sultan Munad , an Afghan journalist accompanying Farrell , also was killed in the raid , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown said . Crossfire during the raid also killed a woman and a child , said Abdel Wahid Omar Khil , governor of Kunduz district , in Kunduz province , where the rescue took place . Armed gunmen kidnapped the journalists Saturday while they were covering a NATO airstrike on Taliban forces the day before that killed at least 90 people in the northern Kunduz province . Neither CNN nor the Times had reported Farrell 's kidnapping for security reasons . "  We feared that media attention would raise the temperature and increase the risk to the captives , " the paper quoted Executive Editor Bill Keller as saying Wednesday . Farrell called the newspaper 's foreign editor before dawn and said he was "  extracted " in a commando raid after a fierce firefight , according to a report on the Times Web site . "  There were bullets all around us . I could hear British and Afghan voices , " Farrell , a 46-year-old dual Irish-British citizen , told the paper . Farrell and Munadi ran outside during the firefight . At the end of a wall , Munadi went forward , shouting : "  Journalist ! Journalist ! " but dropped in a hail of bullets , Farrell said . He did n't know whether the shots came from allied or militant fire . "  I saw him go down in front of me . He did not move . He 's dead , " Farrell told the paper . "  He was so close , he was just 2 feet in front of me when he dropped . " Farrell 's citizenship played a role in the British decision to stage the rescue , said a spokesman for the Ministry of Defense . Watch a former British commander on the difficulty in rescuing hostages " "  The obvious link for us is that Farrell is a British national . We want to safeguard the life of one of our citizens , " the spokesman said , declining to discuss operational details of the rescue mission . "  We do n't comment about the actions of British Special Ops forces . " Local Afghans provided information and helped the commandos locate where Farrell was being held , said another British official who was not authorized to speak publicly on the matter . He said the judgment to proceed with such an operation "  is always a difficult one , but we think it represented the best chance to save his life . " Brown offered condolences to the families of Munadi and the British commando . Of the commando , Brown said , "  His bravery will not be forgotten . " The operation to rescue the hostages happened after extensive planning and consideration , Brown said . "  Those involved knew the high risks they were running . That they undertook it in such circumstances showed breathtaking heroism , " Brown said . "  Hostage-taking is never justified , and the U.K. does not make substantive concessions , including paying ransoms . But whenever British nationals are kidnapped , we and our allies will do everything in our power to free them . " Ten weeks earlier , another Times reporter escaped after months in Taliban captivity . David Rohde , a local reporter and a driver were kidnapped November 10 outside Kabul . The two reporters escaped on June 19 by climbing over a wall in the compound where they were held for seven months in Pakistan 's North Waziristan region . The driver did not escape , the newspaper said . The death toll in the Kunduz airstrike , which Farrell was covering when he was kidnapped , has varied , depending on the source , but local Afghan officials have said at least half of those killed were civilians . The NATO commander in the area called in the strike Friday as Afghans tried to siphon fuel from two tankers hijacked by the Taliban a day earlier . The Taliban allowed villagers to drain the tankers carrying fuel earmarked for the NATO-led force after they became stuck in the mud when the militants tried to drive them through the Kunduz River . The military thought there were no civilians near the trucks at the time of the attack , the ISAF 's Capt. Elizabeth Mathias said . Farrell , who joined The New York Times two years ago , also was briefly kidnapped in April 2004 in Falluja , Iraq . At the time , he was on assignment for The Times of London . In a separate incident Wednesday , a suicide attack killed at least two civilians and injured several others , including NATO personnel , near the main British military base in southern Afghanistan , the ISAF said . The suicide bomber detonated his explosives vest near a crowd of civilian truck drivers near the entrance of Camp Bastion in volatile Helmand province , the ISAF said . The injured civilians and ISAF personnel were treated at Camp Bastion , which is in Washir District . The casualty count is unclear as an investigation continues . CNN 's Ingrid Formanek and Chris Lawrence contributed to this report .	NEW : Local Afghans helped British locate abducted journalist , official says New York Times reporter Stephen Farrell freed in commando raid Afghan journalist killed in raid , British Prime Minister Gordon Brown says British commando also killed during raid ; woman , child die in crossfire
CNN  -- Punctuating the scenes of heroic rescue and devastating death in Haiti is another drama : moments of connection . A man in Haiti identifies a woman he sees on the street as the missing person whose photo is posted on CNN 's iReport . A husband reels off the names of missing college students and a stranger hundreds of miles away confirms they are safe . It is a scenario being played out again and again . Somehow , desperate pleas relayed mouth-to-mouth , through the Internet , on television and in text messages become fodder for celebration with the confirmation : They 're alive . iReporter Wolin Delerme sent in a frantic video about her sister who had left for Haiti on Monday , a day before the 7.0-magnitude quake struck . Minutes after her plea aired on CNN , a man in Haiti contacted her . "  He saw my sister not too far from where he 's standing , " Delerme said . Watch Delerme describe the amazing connection with her missing sister Choking back tears , she said , "  I am very overwhelmed , and full of joy in my heart . There 's just no words that can explain it . I am just so happy . " She has since spoken with her sister . Kristy Springer sought information on her mother and several church members who were in Haiti on a missionary trip . "  I am here waiting for you mom . You need to be OK , " Springer told iReport . Her mother sent a text message at 1:30 a.m. Thursday . Everyone was "  at least safe for now . " See how Springer found her mom iReporter Darius Hyworon found similar good news . His wife , Mariah Levin , was with a group of Tufts University students in Haiti at the time . In the quake 's aftermath , he scrambled to learn their fate . The U.S. Embassy was able to tell him everyone is OK . Read Hyworon 's words of thanks "  Thank you for those who helped in the effort , " he said . "  Please pray for the millions of people who are affected by this tragedy . " iReport : Are you looking for loved ones ? Much of Haiti 's infrastructure crumbled during the quake , knocking out power and other communication networks , further hampering people 's efforts to get word of missing relatives and friends . Mark Frohardt is heading to Haiti with two "  radio suitcases , " mobile communication devices with a range of about 30 miles that can tap into radio waves . A veteran of disaster efforts in the 2004 tsunami and the 2008 Pakistan quake , Frohardt hopes to disseminate critical information about humanitarian efforts over the radio in Haiti . As of Friday , 13 radio stations were up and running . "  Part of that is ` family tracing , ' " he said , "  working with organizations and radio stations on getting the word out -- who 's alive and getting messages back to loved ones . " iReport : I 'm alive -- messages from Haiti There is no confirmed death toll from the earthquake . Bodies litter the streets of the capital , Port-au-Prince , and barely functioning clinics are overwhelmed with injured . Survivors wander the streets . For loved ones seeking information on the missing , the wait is anguishing . Sometimes the answers that come are not reliable . Len Gengel and his wife have endured a parent 's worst nightmare . Their daughter Brittany was visiting Haiti with a group of students from Lynn University in Florida . The parents were initially told their daughter survived . Upon reaching South Florida for what they thought was going to be a reunion , the parents learned the original information was wrong . Brittany was still missing , along with three other students and two professors . On Monday , Gengel spoke to Kenneth Merten , the U.S. ambassador to Haiti , on CNN "  We need American soldiers up there rescuing our children now , " Gengel said . "  Time is of the essence . I beg you . " Merten said he would do all he could . Read an iReporter 's list of people reported to be safe The International Committee of the Red Cross has set up a Web site for people trying to find information on the fate of relatives in Haiti . However , inside Haiti , the Red Cross has not been able to collect and publish identities and whereabouts of survivors . Frohardt , a vice president for Internews Network , hopes to help change that . "  The focus , " he says , is "  connecting the community so they know where all their loved ones are . "	Family connections are sometimes made with breathtaking speed One woman learns her sister is still alive after her photo is seen by a man in Haiti For others , the wait is anguishing One family initially told daughter was rescued , but it was n't true
CNN  -- Shipping containers have long been a sturdy mainstay of global maritime trade . In the city of Brighton , on the southern English coast , the durable metal boxes now also provide a low-cost housing option . In early December Brighton Housing Trust  BHT  and property developer , QED , opened 36 shipping containers retrofitted with kitchens , bathrooms and insulated plaster-board walls . The units have been erected on spare land in the city and will be used to house local homeless people , the number of which has been increasing steadily in recent years , according to BHT chief executive , Andy Winter . See also : Where is the world 's most valuable property ? "  There 's a chronic shortage of affordable housing in Brighton , " Winter told CNN . "  I was initially very skeptical about housing people in metal boxes ... but the containers have been converted to an extremely high standard . " Temporary accommodation like this "  could really make a difference in the short term , " he added . While the concept of transforming shipping containers into housing units has been experimented with before -- including in Amsterdam , where containers are used to house students , and London , where they offer a quirky waterside abode beside the Thames -- Winter believes the idea , or similar iterations of the concept , could offer a timely solution to urban housing challenges the world over . Low supply , lack of available land as well as stringent planning laws have seen rents and property prices soar in many major cities in recent years . Houses prices in London increased by 10 % in a single month in October , according to property experts , Rightmove . See also : Mumbai 's rising property starlet Small , unobtrusive and easy to assemble housing could , as such , provide a quick and cost effective solution to these growing concerns , Winter believes . Various prototype designs and inventive micro-homes concepts have popped up in the likes of Germany , Sweden and the United States in recent years . Some come in the shape of standalone miniature structures while others consist of entire apartment blocks . According to Ian Kent , the president of Nomad , a Canadian company that has designed a 10 foot by 10 foot "  micro-house " that can be purchased for as little as $ 25,000 and shipped to virtually any location in the world , the concept could solve all manner of growing housing problems . See also : China 's crazy property bubble "  Cities all over the world are letting us know they are in dire need of this . The size by default makes everything easier to build  and  maintenance while running it . It becomes a great solution for housing , " Kent said . He also highlights the possibility of their use in developing nations with fast growing cities , as a emergency accommodation in the aftermath of natural disasters as well as being collected on a piece of property as a community , like a university campus . Check out the gallery above to see some of the most creative and challenging micro-housing designs of recent years . Stephanie Ott contributed to this story	A city in southern England has transformed shipping containers into compact urban living space The cost of homes and rented accommodation has risen sharply in recent years Some experts believe ` micro homes ' may provide a cost effective and sustainable housing solution
CNN  -- Seventeen years after the release of her breakthrough album , "  My Life , " Mary J. Blige offers up a sequel -- "  My Life II : ... The Journey Continues  Act 1  . " "  The first ` My Life ' album was about healing and helping people get through things , " the singer told CNN . "  Now there 's recession , there 's war and there 's people really not feeling good about life anymore . So it 's time , because people need to feel the hug that comes through music . " In the mid-90s , Blige herself was in a troubled place , spiraling downward with drugs , alcohol and a tumultuous relationship with K-Ci Hailey of the R&B duo K-Ci & JoJo . "  I just knew by maybe 1997 , I would be dead or just finished . That 's where we were at the time . We were very suicidal , very dark , " she recalled . Blige admits she reached out to fans for support , because she did n't know where else to turn . "  I spoke up through my lyrics that I needed help , and the spirit that came behind it was that I was sad , you know , " she said . "  I needed help . Four million people responded to that album , saying , ` Mary , wow . Me , too . ' " "  My Life II " finds the New York native in a very different place . At 40 , she 's cemented her place as an R & B icon , with 50 million in worldwide album sales and nine Grammys . In 2003 , she married Kendu Isaacs , a man she credits with saving her life . And lately , she 's been honing her acting chops , taking on the role of a nightclub owner in the big-screen adaptation of "  Rock of Ages , " starring Tom Cruise , Catherine Zeta-Jones and Russell Brand . She 's also set to star as the eclectic jazz great Nina Simone in the biopic , "  Nina . " It 's "  The Queen of Hip-Hop Soul " playing "  The High Priestess of Soul . " CNN caught up with Blige last week in Los Angeles to talk to her about her music , her acting and Tom Cruise . CNN : A lot has changed in the 17 years between "  My Life " and "  My Life II . " What precipitated that change ? Mary J. Blige : That 's an interesting question . I come from pain . I come from poverty . I come from embarrassment , and my mom struggling , and having two jobs and leaving us with the baby sitter -- and coming back and we 're outside the baby sitter 's house . I 've come back from abuse from people . I really wanted out . It started snowballing into this thing that was hurting me , and I was in the public eye . I got to a place where I understood that I needed help , and that was during the "  No More Drama " album  released in 2001  when I met my husband -- who was my boyfriend at the time . And who knew that he was going to have the information that he had for me , and that I was going to be able to receive it ? CNN : We 've seen young people like Lindsay Lohan struggling . Why is it that she ca n't get it together ? Blige : Why ca n't Lindsay and so many other people get it together ? I mean , everyone is afraid of the pain . That is a painful walk . Embarrassment is painful . It brings a tear to your eye when you have to walk down the red carpet with so much shame in you , and so you would rather paint something on . But in my case , I never cared about being embarrassed or ashamed to ask for help . I was just ashamed of being ashamed . I was just tired of feeling that way . CNN : You talk about being abused . The Penn State scandal must have hit you pretty hard , as someone who went through an experience that was similar . Blige : Yeah , it hurts when I see stuff like that -- children being molested by grown-ups . But the thing that I have learned is that there is something wrong with that grown-up . It is something wrong with that adult that people are overlooking , and sweeping under the rug and throwing money on . And you have to get to a place where it 's just , "  You know what ? You did it , but I have got to get out of it . You did it to me , but I ca n't let you destroy me , and not allow me to have a chance to have what I am supposed to have in life -- which is happiness , which is success , which is life , period . " That is the only way I can describe it . CNN : It sounds like it took you a while to get to that place where you said , "  I 'm deserving of all this success . " Blige : It did take me a while . It was just recently that I started saying , "  You know what ? I AM deserving . " I would n't say two years ago , but I 'd say maybe five or six years ago I was like , "  Wow , I deserve this " -- because sometimes when I get so many accolades , I want to bury my head . But then I hear someone say , "  No , pick your head up . You earned this . You walked the walk . You are walking the walk . You are not finished yet , but you are still standing in the fire , walking through the fire . You 're still 40 , but you are still standing up for women proudly , and doing what you need to do , so keep your head up . " CNN : Let 's talk about "  Rock of Ages . " Blige : I play a gentleman 's club owner . I mean , you know ... CNN : Is that a strip club , Mary ? Blige : Yeah , it 's a strip club ! But you know , on the highest scale . And my job is to encourage those women to feel better in a dark place . CNN : Did you have direct scenes with Tom Cruise ? Blige : I definitely had a scene with Tom Cruise , and he is just so helpful and so much fun . Everyone was just -- how can I say it ? Everyone in that star-studded cast , they were just as star-struck to meet me as I was to meet them . And when I met Catherine Zeta-Jones , she was like , "  I love you ! " And I was like , "  What ? I love YOU ! " And Russell Brand is just amazing . And Julianne Hough is my friend , and Adam Shankman  the director  is one of my really good friends . So we were like family -- no joke . CNN : You seem to be in a really good place , and that 's reflected on "  My Life II . " Blige : Yeah , I am . The place I 'm in with "  My Life II " is understanding that there WILL be trials . Trials will come . It is not going to be , "  Oh , everything is wonderful all of the time , " because it is not . And the balance is you either know how to get around it , or you just have to go through it . That 's life .	Mary J. Blige 's new album , "  My Life II , " is a follow-up to an album from 17 years ago The singer says that recently , she has learned to say , "  You know what ? I AM deserving " "  You either know how to get around it , or you just have to go through it , " Blige says
Throughout the Cold War , the United States relied on the theory of deterrence for protection against nuclear attack . American leaders believed that so long as the U.S. maintained nuclear forces able to survive a first-strike and retaliate with devastating power against the Soviet Union , Kremlin leaders would be deterred from mounting a nuclear attack . In retrospect , this arms race was incredibly costly , wasteful and dangerous . If war had started , the two superpowers would have destroyed each other and probably all of humanity . But deterrence did work . And the U.S. never attacked the Soviet Union or any other nation to stop them from becoming nuclear powers . So , why does it seem that the U.S. has a different strategy toward North Korea and Iran ? In response to North Korea 's recent threats to launch nuclear attacks , the U.S. announced it would bolster missile defenses in Alaska and California and speed the deployment of missile interceptors to Guam . With respect to Iran , President Obama said as recently as March 20 : "  We will do what is necessary to prevent Iran from obtaining the world 's worst weapons . " America currently has about 5,000 nuclear weapons . Even though it could retaliate against a hypothetical Iranian or North Korean nuclear attack and obliterate both nations while utilizing only 1 or 2 % of its arsenal , the Obama administration is acting as if the theory of deterrence no longer applies . Why ? Nuclear weapons : Who has what ? It appears that the U.S. is treating Iran differently than other countries trying to go nuclear because it perceives Iranian leaders as aggressive religious fanatics willing to sacrifice everything for their goals . After all , Iran supports terrorist organizations , conducts assassinations and bombings , seeks to subvert neighboring countries , and makes fearsome threats against Israel and the U.S. Similarly , the U.S. seems uncertain about North Korea 's young and untested new leader . Pyongyang not only has a history of provocative verbal threats , but it has taken reckless military actions as recently as two years ago , when the North sank a South Korean naval vessel and shelled an island occupied by the South . But wait -- did n't the Soviet spout dangerous rhetoric and take deadly actions ? Did n't some of their leaders threaten to "  bury " America and nuke London and Paris ? And let 's not forget that Leonid Brezhnev launched proxy wars against U.S. friends in Latin America , Africa and Asia . Yet the Obama administration seems to think that while Soviet leaders were deterred from using their massive arsenal , the Iranians and the North Koreans might not be deterred from using a nuclear force of no more than a handful of weapons at best . North Korea 's missile capabilities But if deterrence theory is valid , then this double standard is invalid . Both Iran 's and North Korea 's supreme leaders will be deterred , just as were successive generations of Soviet leaders . Both would not authorize the use of nuclear weapons , for fear of seeing their nations destroyed , their people wiped out , and their ambitions for themselves and their countries turned to dust . If deterrence theory is no longer valid , the U.S. had better work harder to achieve President Obama 's Nobel Prize-winning goal of a world in which no nation possesses nuclear weapons . No one can say with great confidence what North Korea 's Kim Jong Un will do . While the U.S. needs to be prepared for North Korea to act on Kim 's threats of nuclear war , unless he has lost his mind , it seems doubtful that he would follow through and commit national suicide by inviting devastating nuclear retaliation . Reaching an agreement with Iran seems possible . Such an arrangement would permit Tehran to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes , but not to build nuclear weapons . This is Iran 's right as a signatory to the Non-Proliferation Treaty . The question is whether Iran and the U.S. can get past decades of conflict , mistrust and suspicions . But President Obama 's threats to use military force to prevent Iran from acquiring nuclear weapons do not facilitate talks . They only reinforce Tehran 's suspicions that America 's real goal is to bring down the Iranian regime . Opinion : North Korea endgame -- 3 scenarios With a deterrent strategy in his hip pocket as "  Plan B , " a less threatening posture by President Obama might help him bring about a peaceful resolution in future negotiating rounds with Iran .	Barry Blechman : U.S. never attacked another nation to stop it from becoming a nuclear power Blechman : Why does it seem that the U.S. has a different strategy toward North Korea and Iran ? He says if deterrence theory worked in the Cold War Bleckman : Iran 's and North Korea 's supreme leaders will be deterred , just like the Soviet leaders
CNN  April 27 is celebrated as Freedom Day in South Africa , commemorating the country 's first democratic elections in 1994 election which saw Nelson Mandela elected as president . The day is widely seen as marking the start of a free South Africa after the fall of apartheid , a system of racial segregation implemented by the white-minority government in South Africa for decades . This year 's celebrations come against the backdrop of a spate of anti-immigrant attacks earlier in April in which a number of people lost their lives . Using the #FreedomDay hashtag , people across the country and beyond took to Twitter to celebrate this year 's event , express their views and send out their wishes -- including the South African government . Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi also hailed the people of South Africa and sent out a message of hope . Many South Africans used Twitter to denounce the recent violence ... ... whilst others remembered iconic South African freedom fighter Nelson Mandela . Freedom Day did n't go unnoticed by Google , who 've changed the doodle to honor the day . Here 's a selection of some of other #FreedomDay tweets .	South Africa marks 21 years since the first free election Nation celebrates amid recent violent attack on immigrants
CNN  -- The Iowa caucus is Tuesday and so far , this shaky bunch of challengers has done a better job of telling us why Obama should not be re-elected than telling us why they would be any better . And yet , one of these candidates must be declared the winner , which is a big reason why 70 % of Americans want the election to be over even before it officially begins . Yeah , a lot of voters have already made up their minds based upon party affiliation , but I believe most Americans dread being manipulated for 10 more months by an onslaught of isolated statistics , abbreviated facts and slick campaign ads . We 're sick of the bull -- but it seems you have to be knee deep in it in to vote , and covered head-to-toe to run . Which is why politics is dirty and Washington stinks . Remember when then-Sen . Obama promised to change all that ? Sure the cantankerous tea party did n't help , but really we knew that "  hope and change " was n't going to happen shortly after questions about his faith began to dog him in 2007 and voters wondered if he was a Muslim . The president Obama promised to be would have said , "  This is America , where we have freedom of religion and the fact that this is being used as a way to characterize me as unfit to be president is not only religious bigotry , it 's unconstitutional and un-American . " However , the politically savvy candidate handled such rumors by reiterating he was a Christian , which left many dissatisfied because he played the game almost as soon as he promised not to . Which is why the compromises he 's made over the past three years should not come as a surprise . That does n't make him a bad president or a bad person . It just makes him a politician . And while the message of his first campaign hypnotized many to believe he was n't , the reality is the word "  politician " is in every sentence of the president of the United States ' job description . So for all of you folks in Iowa as well as New Hampshire and South Carolina who are jazzed up over the piety of Rick Santorum , business smarts of Mitt Romney or the whatever of whomever , keep this in mind : The question in national politics is n't which candidate is best suited to lead but rather which candidate is going to mislead the least , because they all do it . Early and often . A cursory glance at the record and statements of the GOP candidates as well as President Obama shows a heap of flip-flops . Backtracking . Beltway bipartisanship , which does not reflect a politician 's ability to get along with the folks across the aisle but rather the propensity for Democrats and Republicans to say , do and vote however they think they need to stay in the building . Keep their seat . Get in office . I do n't regret voting for Obama , especially considering that Sen. John McCain 's way of playing the game could have resulted in putting Sarah Palin within a heartbeat of the presidency , but I would n't classify myself as an Obama supporter either . I 'm not a supporter of any politician or party , for that matter . I 'm a supporter of ideas . I 'm a supporter of principles , none of which should be dumbed down to religious practices , contingent on polls or assigned to a specific party because at the end of the day , they 're after one thing : self preservation . "  What 's best for the country ? " is really just a campaign slogan . For example , the Democrat-controlled 111th Congress can rewrite history any way they want , but voters can see they did not pass a comprehensive budget in 2009 because they did not want to make decisions that could be used against Democrats up for re-election in 2010 . This is also the reason why the Congress waited until after the midterm election to overturn "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Or look how the professorial Newt Gingrich told us Herman Cain would be a good president , even though we all witnessed Cain struggle to talk intelligently about Libya , China or even huge chunks of the United States . Santorum massaged his stance on abortion and endorsement of Romney in 2008 once he decided to run for president himself . Rick Perry called the stimulus package a failure while neglecting to talk about how he used stimulus money to balance his state 's budget and create the jobs he talks so much about . Meanwhile , Romney , who made millions in no small part by laying off thousands of Americans for a living , calls himself a job creator . I do n't even think Yoda would have tried a Jedi mind trick like that . And yet there he is and here they are : our choices for 2012 . I do n't know about you but all I want is a stronger economy and not to be blown up by Iran or a crazy guy with a bomb sewn into his tighty-whities . Seems like a simple request but as we all know , there 's very little about running a country with more than 300 million people and the world 's largest economy that is simple . Or from the look of things , honest . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : 70 % of Americans wish the election was over He says people are n't looking forward to 10 months of manipulative ads and pitches Politicians from President Obama on down compromise principles for political gain , he says Granderson : What gets lost in the battle ? The best interests of the nation
Here is an unofficial list of potential nominees for the Supreme Court if President Barack Obama is reelected . This list was compiled from a number of legal and political sources , including government officials deeply involved in the selections of Justices Sonia Sotomayor  2009  and Elena Kagan  2010  . The Obama administration , like those before , keeps an informal list of possible high court nominees to consider in the event of a sudden vacancy . But serious vetting only begins when such a vacancy occurs or is announced in advance by the retiring justice . Election raises stakes for possible high court vacancies Kamala Harris , California attorney general Born 1964 . She was elected to her current job in 2010 . She is part African-American , part Asian-American . Her father is a Jamaican-born Stanford University economics professor and her mother is an Indian-born  native Tamil  physician who works as a breast cancer specialist . Harris is a former San Francisco district attorney and author of "  Smart on Crime . " Her political savvy , ethnic background , telegenic personality , law enforcement credentials , and early support of President Obama 's 2008 candidacy make her a favorite for any high court vacancy in any second-term , and possibly for U.S. Attorney General . Complications : Harris may seek re-election in 2014 and then may run for governor the following year . Judge Paul Watford , 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , San Francisco Born 1967 . His age and race  African-American  have made him a favorite among some liberal court watchers . Named to the appeals court in 2012 . Clerked for conservative Judge Alex Kozinski on the 9th Circuit , and later for liberal Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . A former federal prosecutor and law firm partner . Supporters call him an ideological moderate , which may not sit well with progressives seeking a stronger left-leaning voice . Supreme Court possibilities if Romney is elected Judge Jacqueline Hong-Ngoc Nguyen , 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , San Francisco Born 1965 in Dalat , Vietnam  as Hong-Ngoc Thi Nguyen  . Named to the court in 2012 after two years as a federal district court judge . She could make history as the high court 's first Asian-American justice . Nguyen is already the first Asian-American woman to sit on a federal appeals court . A former state judge , federal prosecutor , and private attorney . She moved with her family to the United States when she was 10 , just after the fall of South Vietnam to the Communists , and her parents eventually set up a doughnut shop in North Hollywood , California . Kathryn Ruemmler , White House counsel Born 1971 . Has enjoyed a meteoric rise in private practice and government circles . She most famously helped lead the prosecution in the Enron fraud case in 2006 . She earned high praise in the White House for helping spearhead legal defense of the health care overhaul bill championed by President Obama , whose constitutionality was ultimately upheld by the Supreme Court . She also supervised the vetting , and shepherded the Kagan and Sotomayor high court nominations through the Senate . No judicial experience , but recall President George W. Bush tapped his White House counsel Harriet Miers to the Supreme Court , before she withdrew from consideration . Toobin : Why are candidates silent on Supreme Court ? Mary Murguia , 9th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , San Francisco Born 1960 . Named to her current job by President Obama in 2010 , after service as a federal district court judge in Arizona . The Kansas native is the daughter of Mexican immigrants . Her twin sister is noted civil rights leader Janet Murguia , and her older brother , Carlos Murguia is also a federal judge . Lisa Madigan , Illinois attorney general Born 1966 . Elected as the state 's highest law enforcement official in 2002 . She is the adopted daughter of longtime Illinois House Speaker Mike Madigan . A former state senator , she worked down the hall from fellow lawmaker Barack Obama . She gained national prominence after seeking a motion to have former Gov. Rod Blagojevich temporarily removed from office in 2008 . She also argued a search and seizure case before the justices in 2004 . Her long friendship with the president , political skills , and law enforcement background have made her a favorite . Judge Diane Wood , 7th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals , Chicago Born 1950 . Has sat on the bench since 1995 . Twice a finalist for the high court vacancies in 2009-10 . Considered a mainstream liberal , well-regarded by many legal analysts as a strong , articulate progressive voice . Former clerk for Justice Harry Blackmun , and served in both the Reagan and Clinton Justice departments . Like fellow 7th Circuit judges Richard Posner and Frank Easterbrook -- both conservative heavyweights considered for the Supreme Court by President George W. Bush -- Wood teaches part-time at the University of Chicago . Her age may dampen her chances . Judge Merrick Garland , U.S. Court of Appeals , D.C. Circuit Born 1952 . Finalist for the high court seats that went to Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . A possible compromise choice , considered a relative judicial moderate on the high-profile appeals court . Four current justices came directly from the D.C. circuit . Garland was a former associate deputy attorney general and supervised the criminal prosecution of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing , which could play well in the post 9/11 environment . His perceived "  moderate " views may not sit well with some liberals .	The Obama administration keeps an informal list of possible Supreme Court nominees Experts see six women , two men in pool of potential nominees if Obama reelected Three potential candidates hold state or federal political posts Three judges discussed among legal experts sit on 9th federal circuit in San Francisco
Mashable  -- "  Angry Birds , " one of the most successful mobile games in history , is taking its bird-slinging game mechanics to a new platform : the traditional game console . Rovio , the company behind the popular iPhone and Android game franchise , says that it is working on a version of the game for the Xbox 360 , Wii and PlayStation 3 . CEO Peter Vesterbacka also told the BBC that the games would launch next year , although he would n't reveal much more beyond that . Vesterbacka also revealed a second piece of news : the company is actively working on "  Angry Birds 2 . " The new game is n't a sequel to the original though , but is instead a completely new game featuring the angry birds and the evil pigs . As for the premise of the game , Vesterbacka told the BBC that , "  the pigs will be a lot more active than just being slingshotted at by birds . " He also added that there will be a lot more of the pigs in "  Angry Birds 2 . "  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	"  Angry Birds " is one of the most successful mobile games in history Rovio is the company behind the popular iPhone and Android game franchise Rovio is working on "  Angry Birds 2 , " complete with more pigs
Three months of political unrest , one week of horrific internecine violence , a few frenetic hours of negotiations -- it all culminated in a breakthrough deal In Ukraine to cut the president 's powers , reinvent the Constitution and pave the way to free a key opposition leader . These developments Friday gave hope to the Eastern European nation . But as long as angry protesters pack Kiev 's Maidan , or Independence Square , as long as the emotions remain raw , as long as the bloodshed is still fresh , this story is n't over . "  I feel very proud of Ukrainians because we showed we are able to struggle for our future , our freedom , " said Sophia Holotna , whose friend was among the scores of demonstrators killed in the capital . "  But now I feel almost very sadness . It 's my first feeling . " The agreement -- hashed out overnight and into the afternoon among Ukrainian leaders , opposition figures and European Union representatives -- drew some cheers when it was announced to the Maidan crowd . Track how the crisis in Ukraine unfolded One of the main opposition leaders , Vitali Klitschko , took the stage a short time later . He got a notably frostier reception , contending that the government was trying to divide the protesters , before walking off to a handful of jeers . Later , a protester -- not a leader , not part of any political group , just an ordinary Ukrainian he insisted -- expressed disappointment with the deal and proposed that action should be taken if President Viktor Yanukovych does n't resign by 10 a.m. Saturday . Another protester , Viola Danis , said simply the deal is "  not enough . " "  This agreement does not pay for the life of my friend and the lives of the Ukrainian people , " she said . As the crisis brewed in Kiev , a senior U.S. State Department official -- who talked to reporters on condition of not being identified and who had just been on the phone with Ukraine 's foreign minister -- said that Yanukovych had gone to Kharkiv , Ukraine 's second 's largest city , for a meeting . The same official characterized such travel to eastern Ukraine by the President as "  not unusual . " While the government revolves around Yanukovych , there is not a single face of the opposition . Its demonstrators have strong and varying opinions about what they 'd accept -- and what they 'd be willing to do if these standards are n't met . Thus , while there is an apparent truce , there 's not peace in the Ukraine . Uncertainty , anger and anxiety still predominating , helping to paralyze parts of this Eastern European nation . "  It 's not possible to work in this environment , not to study ,  not  to do nothing , " said another protester by the name of Alexei . "  Basically everything has stopped and we 're waiting for this situation to resolve . And it 's really exhausting . " Deal calls for cutting powers , end to occupation Friday was a day of action -- but unlike on Tuesday and Thursday , thankfully , the action happened in meeting rooms and Parliament , rather than in pitched battles on the streets . The first , biggest announcement on this front was the landmark agreement calling for cutting the president 's power and rolling back the Constitution to what it had been in 2004 . According to a draft posted on the German Foreign Office 's website , further constitutional reforms must be completed by September . "  Good compromise for Ukraine . Gives peace a chance . Opens the way to reform and to Europe , " Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski said via Twitter . The deal also requires presidential elections "  as soon as the new Constitution is adopted but no later than December 2014 . " And there will be an investigation -- conducted by government authorities , opposition figures and European Council representatives -- into the violence . By then , security forces should 've long ago stepped back from a " confrontational posture " with permission to use force only to protect pubic buildings , per the agreement . And within 48 hours , protesters should have turned in their illegal weapons and withdrawn from streets and public buildings . But will they ? In a conversation urging a protest leader to accept the deal that was overheard by ITN/ITV , Sikorski pleaded , "  If you do n't support this , you 'll have martial law , you 'll have the army . You will all be dead . " The U.S. State Department official acknowledged the agreement is "  a very tough sell " for many seething opposition activists , and called the deal "  very , very fragile . " Speaking to CNN , Klitschko said he 's listening to his side 's dissenters and still pushing to maintain pressure on Yanukovych -- but not through violence . "  I tell everybody it is very important ... not to be involved in the war , " said Klitschko , who called ensuring that the country does n't "  split " as a top priority . "  It 's  also very important to find a peaceful way to be the winner . " Parliament acts to free opposition leader Hours after that deal was signed , Ukraine 's Parliament , the Rada , moved quickly to pass a series of measures seemingly in line with protesters ' demands . The first order of business was to fulfill the first requirement of the agreement -- passing a law to roll back the country 's constitution to an earlier version that limits the President 's powers . Other bills called for the dismissal of the nation 's interior minister and release of Yulia Tymoshenko , a former prime minister who earlier was a hero of the country 's 2004 revolution , and who is a powerful symbol to the opposition . A year after Tymoshenko lost the 2010 presidential election to Yanukovych and became his fiercest opponent , Ukrainian prosecutors charged her with signing overpriced gas deals with Russian state-owned energy provider Gazprom . She was convicted and sentenced to seven years in prison at a trial she repeatedly called a farce overseen by a judge she called Yanukovych 's "  stooge . " International observers criticized her trial as being a politically motivated sham . Even with parliament 's action , Tymoshenko 's freedom was not expected to be immediate : A court must now act to free her , and other charges pending against her remain in place . Violence erupts This wave of unrest began in November , amid anger about Yanukovych 's decision to scrap a European Union-oriented trade deal and turn toward Russia . Russia , which has offered to lend money to cash-strapped Ukraine in a deal worth billions of dollars and to lower its gas prices , has put pressure on Yanukovych to crack down on demonstrators . Western leaders , who have offered Ukraine a more long-term aid package requiring economic modernization , urged the President to show restraint , open up the government to the opposition and let the democratic process work out . Yet , fairly soon , it became clear that the discord was n't just about Ukraine 's ties to Europe or Russia , but about larger issues such as corruption and control . The opposition called Yanukovych heavy-handed , with Klitschko and others saying protesters would n't leave Maidan until the president resigns . This tension boiled over Tuesday , when security forces waded into a Kiev crowd with water cannons , stun grenades , nightsticks and armored personnel carriers . At least 26 people -- protesters and police alike -- were killed . Late Wednesday , the government announced it and opposition leaders agreed to a truce and to start talks aimed at a longer-term solution . But it did n't last , collapsing in unprecedented gore in Kiev and unrest elsewhere in the Ukraine . Some protesters in the capital appeared to be armed , while men wearing what looked like government uniforms fired what appeared to be automatic weapons and , in at least one case , a sniper rifle . The government later confirmed its police fired at protesters , explaining they did so to protect unarmed officers . The death toll was far more uneven than on Tuesday : While authorities said three more police died , protesters said more than 100 of their own had been killed . The fresh blood sparked outrage among Western governments , several of which pushed sanctions against those responsible . Even after Friday 's deal was announced , demonstrators went to graphic lengths to remember the dead -- bringing coffins onto their stage in Independence Square . Pavel , a demonstrator who identified himself only by his first name , said he 'd helped carry away some of those shot Thursday , and he insisted he wo n't forget , nor will he give up . "  As long as  Yanukovych  is president , " he said , "  the movement will continue . " Explainer : What and who are behind Ukraine 's political crisis ? iReport : Protester describes bloodied people being rushed to medics U.S. talks tough , but options limited in Ukraine	Opposition leader : It 's "  very important to find a peaceful way to be the winner " Government , opposition agree on deal to end violence , alter constitution Some protesters say the deal is "  not enough , " demand president 's resignation Yanukovych is believed to have gone to eastern Ukraine , U.S. official says
CNN  -- A Salvation Army major was shot dead in front of his three children on Christmas Eve in North Little Rock , Arkansas , authorities said . Maj. Philip Wise , 40 , was gunned down Thursday . He was found lying by the back entrance of a Salvation Army facility , said police spokesman Sgt. Terry Kuykendall . Wise apparently dropped two bell ringers off at home and returned to the Salvation Army building with his three children , ages 4 , 6 and 8 . Two men carrying handguns approached them and demanded money before shooting Wise , Kuykendall said . The suspects fled on foot . Police received a 911 call at 4:17 p.m. Pulaski County Coroner Garland Camper said Wise 's wife , Cindy , made the call from inside the building . "  My heart goes out for the family , losing their dad , and I guess having to witness it during this time of year , " Camper told CNN affiliate KARK . "  It 's definitely going to be hard on the kids . " Wise had been active in the Salvation Army for 16 years and was assigned to the Baring Cross neighborhood of North Little Rock for the past three years . Area Commander Maj. Harvey Johnson said the Salvation Army will hold a news conference on Christmas Day . "  We would hope that whoever the perpetrators are would step forward , " he said . The Salvation Army , an international movement , is an evangelical part of the universal Christian Church . It is perhaps best known for its donation centers and bell ringers who collect money for the needy during the holiday season .	Maj. Philip Wise , 40 , is gunned down in front of his three children Police : Two men carrying handguns approach dad , kids and demanded money Coroner : "  My heart goes out for the family " Shooting happens Christmas Eve in North Little Rock , Arkansas
A Sudanese woman sentenced to die for refusing to renounce her Christianity gave birth to a baby girl in prison Tuesday , her lawyers said . Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , delivered her baby at a women 's prison in Khartoum , but her husband was not allowed to be present for the birth , sources told CNN . They asked not to be named for safety reasons . Ibrahim was convicted of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith , about two weeks ago while she was eight months pregnant . A Sudanese lawyer filed an appeal last week to reverse the verdict by the lower court . She is in prison with her 20-month-old son , but Sudanese officials have said the toddler is free to leave any time , according to her lawyer , Mohamed Jar Elnabi . Her husband , Daniel Wani , is a U.S. citizen who uses a wheelchair and "  totally depends on her for all details of his life , " her lawyer said . The appeal The appeals court in Khartoum will issue a ruling on the case in the next week , but it will first ask the lower court to submit the documents it used to make the ruling , according to her lawyer . Once that 's done , it will issue a case number , he said . "  We will continue checking with the appeals court , but Inshallah  Allah willing  ... the appeals court will reverse the sentence and set her free , " he said . Christian or Muslim ? Ibrahim says her father was a Sudanese Muslim and her mother was Ethiopian Orthodox . Her father left when she was 6 , and she was raised as a Christian . The court had warned her to renounce her Christianity by May 15 , but she held firm to her beliefs . Sudanese Parliament speaker Fatih Izz Al-Deen said claims that Ibrahim was raised as non-Muslim are untrue . She was raised in an Islamic environment , and her brother , a Muslim , filed the complaint against her , according to Al-Deen . The complaint alleges that she went missing for several years , and her family was shocked to find out she married a Christian , according to her lawyer . However , because her father was Muslim , the courts considered her one too , which would mean her marriage to a non-Muslim man is void . Attempts to contact Sudan 's justice minister and foreign affairs minister for comment were unsuccessful . 100 lashes In addition to the death sentence , the court convicted Ibrahim of adultery and sentenced her to 100 lashes . The Parliament speaker has said the verdict is not final and will go through all the judicial stages to reach the constitutional court . Worldwide condemnation Rights groups and foreign embassies worldwide condemned the verdict . "  The fact that a woman could be sentenced to death for her religious choice , and to flogging for being married to a man of an allegedly different religion , is abhorrent and should never be even considered , " said Manar Idriss , Amnesty International 's Sudan researcher . Katherine Perks with the African Centre for Justice and Peace Studies said the verdict goes against Sudan 's "  own constitution and commitments made under regional and international law . " Foreign embassies in Khartoum , including those of the United States , United Kingdom and Canada , urged the government to reverse course . In past cases involving pregnant or nursing women , the Sudanese government waited until the mother weaned her child before executing any sentence , said Christian Solidarity Worldwide spokeswoman Kiri Kankhwende . Opinion : Why marrying for love should never mean death	Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , gave birth in prison Sources : Her husband was not allowed to attend the birth Ibrahim was convicted of apostasy
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A man alleged to be a local Afghan policeman killed an American service member in eastern Afghanistan on Monday , while two British troops were shot and killed by an Afghan soldier in the southern province of Helmand , according to U.S. , NATO and Afghan officials . The British troops were killed outside a Provincial Reconstruction Team 's headquarters in the southern city of Lashkar Gah , NATO and local officials said . Coalition forces then fatally shot the gunman . A spokesman for the provincial governor said the incident stemmed from an argument the soldier had with the victims . The eastern Afghanistan victim was an American soldier , a senior U.S. defense official , speaking on condition of anonymity , told CNN . NATO said he was shot as he approached an Afghan local police checkpoint ; it said Afghan and coalition forces are investigating the incident but released no further details . Monday 's deaths bring to 93 the number of coalition service members who have died in Afghanistan this year , 44 of them Americans . In 2012 to date , 16 have been killed in what are euphemistically called "  green on blue " attacks , meaning Afghan troops who have turned their weapons on allied forces . In some attacks , insurgents have disguised themselves as Afghan soldiers in order to infiltrate bases . But the incidents have fueled mutual distrust at a critical juncture of the long-running conflict . The latest killings come after a shooting rampage in Afghanistan this month left 17 villagers dead in the Panjwai district of southern Kandahar province . A U.S. soldier , Staff Sgt. Robert Bales , has been charged with murder in the slayings . Speaking after the deaths of the two British soldiers on Monday , Gen. John Allen , the ISAF commander , said he could not discount revenge as a factor . "  I do n't connect the two of those , but in any case it is prudent for us to recognize that , as you know , revenge is an important dimension in this culture , " Allen told a briefing in Washington . "  I have seen no indications yet that it has emerged as a potential factor , but we will certainly keep an eye on it . " Allen said ISAF officials are working on a new procedure to check the backgrounds of Afghans who sign up for the army or police force , and the Afghans "  have taken a lot of steps themselves . " "  They 've worked very closely within the national director of security to place counterintelligence operatives inside their schools , inside their recruiting centers , and inside the ranks , the idea being to spot and assess the potential emergence of an individual who could be an extremist or , in fact , a Taliban infiltrator , " he said . But in an appearance at the Brookings Institution on Monday afternoon , he acknowledged that previous attacks by Afghan forces have led to "  an erosion of trust . " "  I believe that the relationship is very strong nonetheless , " Allen added . Disputes can arise from cultural misunderstanding , religious and ideological friction or combat stress , said Brig. Gen. Stephen Townsend , director of the Pakistan/Afghanistan Coordination Cell in the U.S. Joint Chiefs of Staff office . Townsend said cultural training has been vital for U.S. soldiers , and now the Afghans are considering the same to provide a better understanding of Americans . The Helmand governor on Monday praised ISAF troops for their sacrifices and assistance to the Afghan people . "  The enemies of the people and peace want to finish confidence among Afghan and ISAF forces , but they will never cover their evil aims by carrying out such violent acts , " he said in a statement . CNN 's Mitra Mobasherat and Larry Shaughnessy and journalist Ruhullah Khapalwak contributed to this report .	NEW : ISAF commander says attacks have caused "  an erosion of trust " Three NATO troops were killed Monday by what authorities say were Afghan forces The killings come after U.S. soldier was charged with shooting rampage this month The ISAF commander says he ca n't discount revenge as a motive
CNN  -- American Bill Haas claimed a one-shot victory in the Bob Hope Classic on the final hole to join his father as a winner of the tournament . The 27-year-old went into the final day in California a stroke behind the lead but was able to break clear of the pack with a flawless 64 to finish on 30 under par . Tim Clark , Matt Kuchar and Bubba Watson all finished tied for second place on 29 under . Haas led by two strokes after an fine start but the chasing pack reduced his lead and a birdie on 17 put him level with leaders Clark and Kuchar . He completed victory with a birdie four at the last hole after he struck a brave tee shot . Haas fired his approach at the last to within 27 feet and two putts were enough to seal a victory that matches the win his father - Jay Haas - secured at the same event in 1988 . Haas , who was watched by his father , admitted the victory was even sweeter with a large family contingent present . "  It 's pretty special as I did n't know my dad was here . My dad and my brother and his uncle were there , " Haas told the tournament 's official Web site . "  They knew they flew back from Hawaii last night , I thought maybe if I was in contention they might show up , but did n't see them until the end there . "  It 's not easy to win . I was so nervous coming down the stretch . I still do n't know how I hit the shot on 18 - my hands were shaking . "	American Bill Haas claimed a one-shot victory in the Bob Hope Classic on the final hole to join his father as a winner of the tournament . Tim Clark , Matt Kuchar and Bubba Watson all finished tied for second place on 29 under . Haas completed victory with a birdie four at the last hole after he struck a brave tee shot to match his father 's win in 1988 .
CNN  -- Investigators are on the verge of solving the last of the Boston Strangler killings of the 1960s , thanks to new DNA tests and a sample secretly collected from a relative of longtime suspect Albert DeSalvo . DNA taken from a water bottle thrown away by one of DeSalvo 's nephews is a "  familial match " with genetic material preserved in the January 1964 killing of 19-year-old Mary Sullivan , Suffolk County District Attorney Dan Conley said Thursday . "  This is good evidence , strong evidence and reliable evidence , but it 's not sufficient to close the case with absolute certainty , " Conley told reporters . DNA from DeSalvo 's remains is needed to prove "  once and for all " that the onetime handyman was Sullivan 's killer -- and perhaps to close other cases to which DeSalvo confessed . The Strangler killings terrorized Boston from mid-1962 to early 1964 . Conley said 11 murders have been attributed to DeSalvo -- who confessed to the killings -- including Sullivan . He also confessed to two additional murders who were not suspected victims of the Strangler . City of Fear : Photos from the Boston strangler era , 1963 DeSalvo was never charged with the murders . He was stabbed to death in 1973 while serving a life prison term for unrelated rapes . "  There was no forensic evidence to link Albert DeSalvo to Mary Sullivan 's murder until today , " Conley said . The new DNA match now excludes "  99.9 % " of the population as suspects , he said -- and now that a judge has approved DeSalvo 's exhumation , the DNA match could be confirmed in "  a matter of days . " As for the rest of the victims , the developments "  give us a glimmer of hope that there can one day be finality , if not accountability , " for their families , Conley said . The news has convinced Sullivan 's nephew , Casey Sherman , who wrote a 2001 book in which he argued another man may have been behind the Strangler killings . He said Thursday that he was surprised his aunt 's slaying was still being investigated and told reporters , "  I go where the evidence leads . " "  It 's taken 49 years for police to legitimately say they got their man , and they 'll probably be able to say that very soon , " Sherman said . He spoke emotionally of the closure the news will bring to him and his mother , Diane Dodd , Sullivan 's younger sister . "  It 's amazing to me today to understand that people really did care what happened to my aunt , a 19-year-old girl heinously murdered in 1964 , " he said . But a lawyer for the DeSalvos told CNN the family was "  outraged , disgusted and offended " by the decision to secretly take a DNA sample one of its members , a move she called "  unnecessary and creepy . " "  They feel victimized by this process , " the attorney , Elaine Whitfield Sharp , said . "  This was an unwarranted invasion of privacy by a government agency . We have offered them DNA as recently as last year , there was no reason to sneak around to get it . " Conley said scientists tried several times in the late 1990s and early 2000s to isolate DNA evidence from semen found in Sullivan 's body and on a blanket . They resumed their efforts last year , after a laboratory successfully salvaged DNA from decades-old material , and found what they believe is the unique genetic profile of Sullivan 's killer . Serial Killers : Fast Facts Despite an exhaustive search , investigators found no usable samples of DeSalvo 's DNA to compare to the material from the crime scene . So Boston Police Commissioner Ed Davis said he had a detective from the police department 's fugitive squad shadow DeSalvo relatives until he spotted one of the suspect 's nephews throwing away a water bottle . "  That water bottle was tested , and the match came back , " he said . "  We 've been sitting on that information for a while , so that all the reports could come back , and we could put ourselves in a position to petition the court for an exhumation order , so that we can positively close that case up . " The nephew was working at an outdoor construction site when he threw away the plastic bottle , which was retrieved by plainclothes investigators , according to a law enforcement source who spoke on condition of anonymity . Conley said authorities did n't ask the DeSalvo family for their cooperation , but he defended the secret collection of their DNA as "  a fair and legal and ethical method . " He said they "  did nothing wrong , " but "  found themselves in the shadow of accusations that could never be fully proven or discounted . " "  We would probably have given them a lot of anxiety , perhaps , if we had approached them directly , " he said . "  If this familial examination pointed us in a different directions , then we would n't have even have had to involve them any further . " DeSalvo 's brother , Richard DeSalvo , offered blood and saliva samples at that time in hopes of proving his brother 's innocence in 2001 . Those tests had been unable to find a match between DeSalvo family DNA and the killings , but Conley discounted them Thursday because they were n't conducted by law enforcement . Sharp said Richard DeSalvo 's DNA would have been a closer match than the nephew 's , she said . And the family offered samples of Albert DeSalvo 's DNA that are in control of an independent forensic scientist , she said . "  They said they would get back to us and they never did , " she said . "  Instead , they went sneaking around . " CNN 's Sheila Steffen and Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : DeSalvos "  outraged , disgusted " by secret DNA collection , their attorney says NEW : "  We have offered them DNA as recently as last year , " the attorney says DNA from a relative links Albert DeSalvo to the last Strangler victim , Mary Sullivan DeSalvo was never charged in the killings and was stabbed to death in 1973
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The mayor of Afghanistan 's restive southern city of Kandahar -- a resolute and proud public official who was regularly surrounded by armed guards and long under threat of death -- was slain Wednesday in a suicide bombing . Ghulam Haidar Hamidi , 65 , was killed during a city hall meeting in the provincial capital when explosives detonated inside the turban of his attacker , according to Zalmai Ayoubi , a spokesman for the Kandahar governor 's office . The assault comes several months after Hamidi told CNN in an interview that he did n't feel safe and that his life was in danger , most particularly from what he described as corrupt officials , but sloughed off family pleas to quit his position in Kandahar city . "  I was born in this province , " Hamidi said in December , referring to Kandahar province . "  I eat from this province . I educate from this province . I study from this province . And I have good times in this province . And I owe this province . I have to work for this , my city . " 2010 interview with the Kandahar mayor It is the latest in a series of recent high-profile assassinations claimed by the Taliban . But the newly appointed U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , Ryan Crocker , cautioned against definitively pinning the attacks on the Taliban , despite the group 's claims . "  It 's not clear to me that this was a Taliban-conducted act , " said Crocker , who pointed to a recent demonstration in front of the mayor 's office over a "  road-building incident that resulted in the deaths of one or two young girls . " Crocker added that "  this could turn out to be a murder that did n't have anything to do with the Taliban . " Authorities say the mayor was leaving the meeting hall when the attack occurred , and Ayoubi said that "  it 's not clear whether the suicide attack was from the children 's relatives " or from insurgents . One civilian was also injured in the attack . Interviewed by CNN 's Nic Robertson , Hamidi had to have armed guards with him wherever he went . While he traveled in a bullet-proof vehicle , he was still vulnerable because of the threat of powerful roadside bombs . He cited dangers from many sources . "  Police warlords , drug dealers and power brokers are enemies of peace , enemies of security and development , " he said in December . He said such people did "  very bad things " and were destroying the city . He wondered how the city could be built and how peace could be brought to it , while the rebuilding process was slow and there were delays in "  locking in " security gains . His plans have not been popular with everyone , and he blamed tribal differences . "  My way is we have to do  rebuilding  very quickly . We have to show to our people good service and quickly . These people are hungry for good service , " he said . It is the second time in less than two weeks that a senior official was killed by suicide bombers who placed explosives in their turbans . The attack is also the latest in a string of killings across the country , and the most recent for a region that appears to be deadly for high-ranking officials . Two deputy mayors of Kandahar city have been gunned down by militants in the past year , according to the governor 's office . Kandahar Police Chief Khan Mohammad Mujahid was also killed by a suicide bomber in April . Hamidi told CNN in December that the chief was a warlord . But perhaps the most high-profile attack occurred earlier this month when Kandahar 's provincial council chief , Ahmed Wali Karzai -- the president 's half-brother and an influential power broker in country 's south -- was gunned down by a longtime bodyguard inside his home . The Taliban also claimed responsibility for that attack , though rumors soon swirled that his death could also have been the result of a murder over personal grievances . Global Public Square : What Wali Karzai 's death teaches us Still , Wali Karzai 's assassination , Wednesday 's attack and a list of others have highlighted security questions about who can be trusted in Afghanistan . During a remembrance ceremony for the president 's half-brother at a Kandahar mosque two days after his death , a suicide bomber slipped into the building and killed six people and wounded 15 others . That bomber also placed explosives inside his turban . Within the next week , a key political adviser to the Afghan president and a Parliament member were gunned down in a home west of Kabul . The killings have taken place just as a security transfer to Afghan control and a NATO draw-down is under way . Speaking to the media for the first time since being formally sworn in , Crocker said the United States condemns Wednesday 's attack "  in the strongest possible terms . " "  Our condolences are with his family and with the government and people of Afghanistan , " he said . Crocker called the killing "  another indication of both the challenges that Afghanistan faces , but also the extraordinary resilience of the Afghan government and people . " Afghan President Hamid Karzai also condemned Wednesday 's assassination , saying the attack was carried out by "  the enemies of peace . " The new U.S. ambassador described the recent attacks as "  horrific , " but also said that if Taliban were responsible , it can be "  interpreted as a sign of significant organizational weakness on the part of the adversary . " A recent uptick in joint Afghan-NATO raids has killed many of the Taliban 's senior and mid-level commanders across the southern and eastern provinces . "  The Taliban is now damaged to the point where they can no longer conduct large-scale operations , " Crocker said . "  They 've had to regroup and figure out what they can do . " The incidents came as NATO forces are beginning the first stage of a troop draw-down , which is expected to remove 10,000 soldiers from Afghanistan by the end of this year . The full drawdown is scheduled for the end of 2014 . But Crocker on Wednesday gave indications of an American presence in Afghanistan well beyond the draw-down date . "  I think both we and the Afghans envision this as a very broad compact that will cover cooperation in a variety of fields " beyond 2014 , he said . "  Not only security , we 're going to talk about educational , economic and commercial cooperation . "  The intention is to lay down the foundation ... for a strong , stable long-term relationship between our two countries . " CNN 's David Ariosto contributed to this report	NEW : Hamidi had known his life was in danger Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemns the killing "  It 's not clear to me that this was a Taliban-conducted act , " Ambassador Crocker says The Taliban have taken responsibility for the attack , a spokesman says
CNN  -- A stampede at a religious gathering in northwestern China left 14 dead and 10 others injured on Sunday , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua has reported , citing local government . The incident is still under investigation , but Xinhua 's initial report said the stampede occurred during the handing out of food at an event to commemorate a late religious figure in a mosque in Guyuan , a city in the Ningxia Hui Autonomous Region . The injured victims were hospitalized . Four people are in critical condition , Xinhua reported . Global Public Square : 2014 is a make or break year for China	14 people die in a religious stampede in northwestern China ; 10 people are injured People were celebrating religious event , and an investigation has been started
Editor 's note : Dan Buettner is the best-selling author of "  The Blue Zones : Lessons for Living Longer from the People Who 've Lived the Longest . " Watch Buettner 's reports from Greece all week on "  AC360  " Greek-American Yiannis Karimalis , 73 , lives in Ikaria nearly 40 years after a diagnosis of stomach cancer . Ikaria , GREECE  CNN  -- In 1970 , when doctors diagnosed Greek-American Yiannis Karimalis with stomach cancer and only gave him a few months to live , he decided to move back to Ikaria , his birth island . There , he reasoned , he could be buried more inexpensively among his fellow Greeks . But when he moved back to the island he did n't die . He has lived nearly 40 years more . And when he returned to America on a recent visit , he discovered that his doctors were all dead . The people on this 99-square-mile Greek island in the eastern Aegean Sea smugly tell this story as yet another example of what they 've always known and scientists are now discovering : People in Ikaria live longer than in just about any other place in the world . A recent study of 90-year-old siblings , conducted by the National Hellenic Research Foundation , discovered 10 times more 90-year-old brothers and sisters here than the European average . Why is this important ? Most scientists agree that the average human should live to age 90 .  You have to have won the genetic lottery to live to 100 .  But the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says life expectancy in America is 78 . Somewhere along the line , we 're losing about a dozen years -- most of them to costly and potentially preventable chronic diseases such as heart attacks , diabetes and cancer . These diseases are dragging down our health care system and account for much of the reason why the National Institute on Aging says the average American suffers about three disabled end-of-life years during which they incur 90 percent of our lifelong health care costs . Ikarians are avoiding these diseases and reaching age 90 at a rate of about four times the rate that Americans do . They are getting the good years we 're missing , dying quickly and less expensively . For the next two weeks , I 'm leading "  The Blue Zones " expedition , an AARP and National Geographic sponsored team of the world 's best demographers , physicians , medical researchers and media specialists , to explore Ikarian longevity . We already have a few clues . Since at least the sixth century B.C. , Icaria was known to the ancient Greeks and Romans as a health destination -- largely for its hot springs believed to relieve pain , joint problems and skin ailments . Our team has reviewed reports of high levels of radon in these baths and will be exploring a theory that chronic exposure to low-level radiation may help protect DNA against the ravages of aging . For much of the ensuing two millenniums , people here lived in relative isolation . The people here evolved a unique diet that we believe is a more heart-protective version of the Mediterranean diet . We 're doing pharmacological analyses of dozens of herbal teas and unique honey produced by bees that draw pollen of thyme , fir and erica . We think we 'll find anti-cancer , anti-oxidant and probiotic properties in these locally produced products . We also know that people here have a vastly different character than the rest of the Mediterranean . They have volcanic tempers that quickly subside . Despite living on harsh , steep terrain , they 're known for relentless optimism and three-day parties . They do n't get stressed by deadlines . They go to bed well after midnight , sleep late and take naps . Anecdotally , we know that most people over 90 are sexually active . Do these people possess the true secret to longevity ? We 're not sure yet , but we 'll certainly distill a few clues about living longer , better . Ikarian wisdom may not help you live to 100 . But at least they may help you outlive your doctor . Follow and vote to direct Dan 's expedition at aarp.org/bluezones The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dan Buettner .	Yiannis Karimalis moved back to Greece in 1970 after learning he had months to live Karimalis returned recently to the U.S. to find all his doctors had died Karimalis ' home -- Greek island Ikaria -- boasts among longest life expectancies Team of experts are exploring Ikarian longevity
According to ancient legend , Iceland was once an immortal battlefield , with gods waging war in lava fields . Plumes of lava represented souls flung out from the inferno , while volcanoes were portals to hell . As one of the most volcanic regions in the world today , Iceland is home to more than 130 volcanic mountains -- many of them "  active , " meaning that they 've erupted during the past few centuries . It 's also the only place on Earth you can take an elevator inside a volcano 's magma chamber . In May , for the third year in a row , Thrihnukagigur  "  Three Peaks Crater "  is open to visitors brave enough to venture inside . Hotspot Located south of the capital Reykjavik , Thrihnukagigur sits at the center of the Mid-Atlantic Ridge , a submarine mountain range running along the Atlantic Ocean . While volcanic chambers are usually sealed shut , Thrihnukagigur 's is n't , and scientists are n't sure why . The magma seems to have drained away , leaving a chasm under Iceland 's surface . Cave explorer Dr. rni B Stefnsson discovered Thrihnukagigur 's magma chamber in 1974 . He fought to open the chamber to visitors and has championed sustainable approaches to the project in numerous academic papers . The first tourists took the plunge in 2012 . The tour begins Our tour to the heart of the volcano starts at the foot of the Blfjll mountain range , where roads end . Guides lead us across the lava fields to a welcome cabin , which is constructed each May with parts brought in by helicopter . Hauling metal sheeting and equipment to this remote area takes more than a week with three helicopters . In September , the end of tour season , the cabin is dismantled again and nothing is left behind . It 's less than an hour 's hike to the cabin , but the terrain of gnarled basalt wreaks havoc on all but the toughest of hiking boots . Inside , we 're sized for harnesses and helmets . The promise of traditional meat soup distracts those visitors with vertigo . Habitat for ` hidden people ' A short walk leads from the cabin up to the northeastern peak . From the top of the cinder cone , which rises 35 meters higher than its surroundings , the land looks vast and empty . There 's no trace of civilization , just rocks sprinkled with moss and splatters of lichen and ashy peaks extending to the horizon . Traditionally , these rocks and small underground caves are associated with hulduflk , Iceland 's "  hidden people . " Our journey into hell is by open cable elevator . The metal cage , installed in 2010 for use by researchers , takes small groups of tourists down the neck of the crater into a chamber taller than the Statue of Liberty . There are plans to build a tunnel connecting the chamber to the surface , but the project 's impact is still being evaluated -- allowing access is n't without risk . Human influence threatens the cave 's unique beauty , and visitors must tread lightly , taking away anything they bring and not removing fragments of rock . An additional disincentive against theft is the hulduflk -- legend has it they react violently to any pillaging of Iceland 's natural wealth . Making the descent After the lift operator attaches each visitor 's harness to the elevator frame with carabiners , he jolts the elevator into action and it rumbles slowly into a deep crevice in the ground . The metal cage scrapes loudly against the rock face as droplets of water roll from the rocks and thunk onto our helmets . After plummeting 120 meters , the elevator drops onto the magma chamber 's floor . There 's no sound except dripping water and the sky is only visible as a distant chink of light . Separation from the world above is total . Exploring the chamber Untethered from the elevator cage , we 're free to clamber around the cave floor . The walls glow bronze and indigo , like the sheen on spilled oil . The parts of the cave baked by sulfur-rich gases are marked by yellow , while patches of cobalt blue show where chunks of rock have crashed from the walls . We see icicles of rock , where magma hardened as it dripped to the cave floor . Although relatively little is known about the ecosystem here , the vivid colors on the rocks are attributed to clusters of microorganisms . A few visitors point nervously at puffs of steam rising from the cavern 's far corners . "  The elves are smoking , " jokes our guide , Einar Danelsson . In reality , the puffs come from moisture evaporating as droplets hit the surface of electric lamps , the only light sources in the cave , but it 's easy to see how the myths about elves began . "  You can imagine , when you are walking alone in the fog and there 's all these strange formations , " says Danelsson . When we 're brought back up to the daylight , I find that my eyes are easily deceived . Distant lumps of granite seem to moving , while patterns on the ground take on the appearance of portals to another world . Guided tours of Thrihnukagigur 's interior are available through Inside the Volcano ; +3548636640 ; five tours daily from May 15-September 30 , 2014 ; minimum age 12 years old	Cave explorer Dr. rni B Stefnsson discovered Iceland 's Thrihnukagigur 's magma chamber in 1974 He fought to open the chamber to visitors First tourists went into the volcano in 2012 Scientists are n't sure why Thrihnukagigur 's magma crater is n't sealed shut like other volcanoes
CNN  -- At least 30 people died and 70 were wounded in shelling on a marketplace in the Somali capital of Mogadishu Thursday , according to journalists and emergency services . Members of Islamist militia Al-Shaabab patrol Bakara Market in Mogadishu , Somalia , earlier this month . A local journalist called the rocket fire on Bakara market "  unprecedented . " "  This was the most brutal shelling , " according to an ambulance service representative who said they had picked up 61 wounded , but expect the number to climb . Other victims were being brought to hospitals by family and friends . The source of the shelling could not immediately be determined . Journalists saw shell fire coming from AMISOM -- the African Union Mission in Somalia -- strongholds in a fortified district of the capital and from near the airport . AMISOM is the only force in the area believed to have the firepower capable of such an intense attack . However , AMISOM denied any involvement in the incident . The African Union has a 3,400-member peacekeeping force in Somalia , made up of troops from Burundi and Uganda . It operates under a U.N. mandate to support Somalia 's transitional federal government . The peacekeeping force is charged with protecting key government and strategic installations in Mogadishu , including the port , airport and presidential palace . It is the de facto military force of the weak , transitional Somali government . African Union forces have been battling an al Qaeda-linked Islamist militia in Somalia called Al-Shaabab . The United States is supporting the Somali government 's fight against the insurgents , including providing weapons to government forces . Al-Shaabab is on the U.S. list of terror organizations because of its ties to Osama bin Laden 's al Qaeda network . The United States is concerned that Somalia 's weak government could fall to the Islamist insurgency , as it did in 2006 before Ethiopian forces ousted the militants from power in early 2007 . Ethiopia invaded Somalia with the support of Somalia 's weak transitional government . Journalist Mohamed Amiin Adow contributed to this report .	30 people killed after shelling in Somali capital Mogadishu according to reports Journalists report shell fire coming from African Union Mission in Somalia stronghold Military force AMISOM has denied any involvement in the incident
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Venezuelan authorities have arrested two suspects accused of shooting U.S. officials in a strip club earlier this year . Prosecutors charged Carlos Mejias Blanco and Windy Fabiani Mejias with attempted murder , alleging that they got into a fight with two U.S. embassy officials at the club and opened fire , "  leaving them wounded , " Venezuela 's Information Ministry said in a statement Tuesday . Police said the May shooting occurred in the early morning hours at the Antonella 2012 club , located in the basement of a mall in northeast Caracas . Mall security said the establishment is a strip club . In May , the U.S. State Department said two members of the embassy suffered non-life-threatening injuries but did not provide details . The injured officials worked with the embassy 's defense liaison office , according to two U.S. officials who declined to be named because of the sensitivity of the situation .	Two suspects face attempted murder charges in shooting at Caracas strip club Carlos Mejias Blanco and Windy Fabiani Mejias are accused of shooting U.S. officials The State Department said the officials ' injuries were not life-threatening
Three people died and 13 were injured when a German commuter train collided with a maintenance crane Friday morning , German police said . The collision occurred on the track near the city of Offenbach , outside Frankfurt , police said . The driver and two construction workers were killed . Several of the train 's 35 passengers were seriously injured and are receiving hospital treatment . German authorities are investigating the cause of the accident , police said . The train , a regional service , was traveling from Frankfurt to Hanau .	The train collided with a maintenance crane on the track , police say The collision occurred near the city of Offenbach , close to Frankfurt The train driver and two construction workers died , police say
CNN  -- Earlier this year , Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , expressed support for raising taxes only on households earning $ 1 million or more , a higher threshold than the $ 250,000 dividing line backed by President Obama . Eventually , Schumer and Pelosi declared their support for the president 's position . But the $ 1 million proposal might serve as the basis for a bipartisan agreement . A number of Republicans , led by Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , have called for raising tax revenue by capping deductions at $ 50,000 , a proposal that would leave virtually all middle-income households untouched while substantially raising average tax rates on households in the top 2 % of the income distribution . A deduction cap is expected to raise roughly $ 800 billion in revenue above current policy , which is only half of the $ 1.6 trillion the Obama administration hopes to raise from high-earners . It is , however , an amount that many congressional Republicans appear to have deemed acceptable . Politics : The road to fiscal cliff paved with good intentions One of the central problems with a deduction cap , however , is that it is likely to be opposed by politically influential charitable organizations , which recognize that it will greatly undermine the incentive for high earners to make large charitable donations . Moreover , President Obama has insisted that tax rates on high earners will have to increase , though he has not made an explicit commitment to the Clinton-era statutory top rate of 39.6 %  which compares to today 's top rate of 35 %  . So , is there a way out of this impasse ? Rep. Mike Simpson , R-Idaho , along with Reps. Tom Cole , R-Oklahoma , Bob Dold , R-Illinois , and Mary Bono Mack , R-California , have called on congressional Republicans to back legislation that would extend all the Bush-era tax cuts except for the high-income rate reductions , which would be allowed to expire . This remains a minority view among congressional Republicans , but it may well gain support in light of the popularity of allowing the high-income rate reductions to expire . Another possibility is that congressional Republicans will embrace the Schumer-Pelosi proposal . That is , rather than embrace expiration for the high-income rate reductions for households earning $ 250,000 or more , they would accept it for households earning $ 1 million or more . This would shield a large , politically influential constituency of affluent households , a disproportionately large share of whom live in high-cost metropolitan areas in blue states , while allowing Democrats and Republicans to take a politically popular stand . Opinion : A tax we could learn to love To raise somewhat more revenue , this threshold could be set at $ 500,000 or $ 410,000 , the latter of which would more precisely target the top 1 % of households by annual income . Rather than set the tax rate for this new top bracket at 39.6 % , Congress could set a rate of 36 % or 37 % , a face-saving gesture that would contribute to an appearance of moderation . Back in 2007 , Alan Viard , a tax economist at the right-of-center American Enterprise Institute , offered a detailed explanation of why increasing taxes on high-income households alone is unlikely to raise enough revenue to reach ambitious deficit reduction goals . At the time , he estimated that raising $ 1 trillion in additional revenue relative to the Bush-era tax code from households earning $ 1 million or more  $ 500,000 for singles  would require raising the tax rate from 35 % to 57 % . If the goal of a millionaire 's tax bracket is not to raise revenue in the most efficient manner but rather to make a political point , as seems at least somewhat plausible , it is easy to imagine it as the basis of a political compromise . The Obama administration is eager to secure more fiscal stimulus for the coming year in light of sluggish global economic growth . So a tax compromise that raises relatively little revenue is arguably desirable , at least in the short term , as it would help forestall an economic contraction . Homes , cars , jobs : Americans already making big decisions over fiscal cliff If some small number of Republican senators from swing states are willing to cross the aisle to back a millionaire 's tax bracket , President Obama will be able to claim he has a bipartisan consensus in favor of his broad approach to resolving the fiscal cliff . This in turn will make it very difficult for House Republicans to resist . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Reihan Salam .	Earlier this year Sen. Schumer , Rep. Pelosi proposed raising taxes on millionaires Reihan Salam says their idea of a higher threshold than Obama 's $ 250,000 could work Salam : It would n't raise as much money , but would be more politically palatable He says another plus is that it would n't risk as much of an economic slowdown
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A security guard accused of assassinating the governor of Pakistan 's Punjab province was banned five months ago by a provincial police official from providing security to VIP personnel , authorities said Wednesday . The director inspector general of Punjab Police said the guard had extremist views and it had been determined it was unsafe for him to guard important officials , the Pakistani president 's special political adviser , Faisal Raza Abidi , told CNN . Despite the assessment , the Punjab Police employed Muhammad Mumtaz Qadri for security this week . He is accused of killing Gov. Salman Taseer on Tuesday , allegedly because the governor had spoken out against the country 's controversial blasphemy law . Taseer was buried on Wednesday . He had been governor of Punjab province since May 2008 . The warning signs about Qadri go back even further , said Rana Shahid Pervez , senior police official in Rawalpindi . Pakistani intelligence agencies had warned officials in 2004 not to use Qadri after they uncovered connections between him and the religious group Dawat-e-Islami -- a Sunni group that claims it has a closer connection to the Prophet Mohammed than other Muslims . Pervez said Qadri came from an area of Rawalpindi called Sadiq Abad , adjacent to the capital of Islamabad . He came from a poor family and his father is a laborer who built homes . Qadri joined the police force in 2002 , and was selected for the elite force course in 2008 , four years after the warning from intelligence agencies , Pervez said . Qadri was one of 468 elite force guards in the Rawalpindi Police , which randomly assigns them as escorts to VIPs and officials like Taseer . Qadri was assigned to the governor on Tuesday . He had been his security guard many times before the shooting , according to Pervez , who disputed the reported link to Dawat-e-Islami . Qadri "  killed the governor totally from his own beliefs regarding Mohammed , and no group was behind him , " Pervez said . The shooting occurred at a market in Islamabad . Qadri confessed to assassinating Taseer because "  he did blasphemy of the Prophet Mohammed , " Naeem Iqbal , spokesman for Islamabad police , said Tuesday . Qadri told police Taseer had described the blasphemy law as "  the black laws . " The blasphemy law makes it a crime punishable by death to insult Islam , the Quran or the Prophet Mohammed . After the shooting , Qadri immediately surrendered to authorities , the Associated Press of Pakistan reported , citing Malik . Taseer was leaving the market when he was shot . The APP said he had had lunch with a friend at a cafe in the market . Earlier , Iqbal had said Taseer had gone into the market to make some purchases . He was taken to a hospital after the shooting , but died , apparently from blood loss , officials said . However , Dr. Sharif Astori , spokesman for Poly Clinic Hospital , told CNN Taseer was "  already dead when he was brought into the hospital . " Astori said doctors accounted for 26 bullets in his body . Most of the fatal wounds were to his chest , face , neck and legs , he said . Some bullets passed completely through his body . A spotlight was put on Pakistan 's controversial law in November when a Christian woman , Asia Bibi of Punjab province , was sentenced to death for blasphemy . A court found the 45-year-old woman guilty of defiling the name of the Prophet Mohammed during a 2009 argument with fellow Muslim field workers . An investigation by a Pakistani government ministry found the charges against Bibi stemmed from "  religious and personal enmity " and recommended she be released . The government also said it would review the law . Taseer said he would like to see the law "  changed in such a way that it just basically says , if you insult any prophet , no matter who he is , that 's a criminal offense , but certainly not punishable by death . " Reaction to Taseer 's death was swift . Prime Minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani said in a statement he "  strongly condemned " the incident . The Pakistan People 's Party , the nation 's ruling party , said it would observe two weeks of mourning over Taseer 's death , according to GEO TV Pakistan . "  I am shocked to hear of the assassination of Salman Taseer , " British Foreign Secretary William Hague said in a statement . "  His death will be a loss to the leadership of Pakistan . " CNN 's Nasir Habib and Nosheen Abbas contributed to this report .	Muhammad Mumtaz Qadri was n't supposed to guard VIPs , police official says Salman Taseer was apparently killed for opposing Pakistan 's blasphemy law The shooting occurred at an Islamabad market
CNN  A helicopter crash Saturday in Malaysia killed six people , including the nation 's former ambassador to the United States and a high-ranking member of the prime minister 's staff , the Malaysian state news agency Bernama reported . The helicopter crashed near Kampung Pasir Baru in Semenyih , at 4:55 p.m. Saturday  4:55 a.m. ET  , Bernama said . Prime Minister Najib Razak ordered an investigation . Among the victims were Azlin Alias , who worked on the prime minister 's staff , and Jamaluddin Jarjis , former Malaysian ambassador to the United States and chairman of PR1MA Malaysia , Bernama said . PR1MA is an organization that develops housing in urban centers . "  We have lost two figures who had made great contributions to the government , party and country in this tragedy , " Najib told reporters after visiting the crash site . Jamaluddin Jarjis was "  a person of high caliber , who had sacrificed much for the government , party and country , " he said . "  He had many acquaintances here and abroad . " The state news agency called Azlin the prime minister 's private secretary general , but Najib referred to him as chief of staff . "  Personally he had agreed to leave his career in the corporate sector to serve the government as his national service , " Najib said . The helicopter 's flight recorder has been found in good condition , Bernama reported Sunday , citing police . The news agency said Malaysian civil aviation authorities are expected to release a preliminary report on the crash within seven days . CNN 's Jethro Mullen contributed to this report .	Jamaluddin Jarjis , former Malaysian ambassador to the U.S. , among casualties Azlin Alias , a member of the prime minister 's staff , also dies , news agency reports
CNN  -- The Irrawaddy , one of the world 's rarest species of freshwater dolphins , have been found in surprisingly large numbers deep in the waterlogged jungles of Bangladesh . The Irrawaddy is considered to be one of the world 's rarest species of freshwater dolphin . Conservationists thought the Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred , but they have now counted almost 6,000 of them in the Sundarban mangrove forests and the adjacent waters of the Bay of Bengal . The forests of the Sundarban -- Bengali for "  beautiful forest " -- lie at the delta of the Ganges and two other rivers on the Bay of Bengal . Until now , little mammal research had taken place in the area . "  Every time we had done a study to look into the population  elsewhere  , they came out critically endangered , " said Brian Smith of the New York-based Wildlife Conservation Society , who led the study . "  It was a very pleasant surprise and a shock to find that Bangladesh supports such a large number  of dolphins  . " The discovery is noteworthy because scientists do not know how many Irrawaddy dolphins remain . The next step , they say , is to ensure the mammal 's survival . One rare dolphin species -- the Yangtze River dolphin , or baiji -- is extinct . Another , the Ganges River dolphin , is critically endangered . Some of the threats affecting the Irrawaddy are man-made . The construction of dams has reduced the flow of fresh water in many parts of Bangladesh . And the population is dwindling because the dolphins sometimes get caught in fishermen 's nets . The dolphin , which has a large , rounded head , can grow up to 8 feet in length and is related to the orca , or killer whale . It is found in large rivers , estuaries and freshwater lagoons in south and southeast Asia . In Myanmar , the dolphins help herd schools of fish toward fishermen 's boats and nets . In Bangladesh , fishermen hold them in high regard , Smith said . "  There is no market for dolphin products , " he said . "  In a country like Bangladesh , with protein deficiency and where food is scarce , there is a real cultural prohibition against harming them . It gives us hope because it means fishermen are very receptive to working with us . " The results of the study were shared Wednesday at a conference for marine mammal protected areas in Hawaii , and published in the winter issue of the Journal of Cetacean Research and Management . Conservationists are now working with the Bangladesh government to establish a protected area for the dolphins . "  There are so many bad news  stories  coming out of the conservation community that this is a real sort of positive story , " Smith said .	Rare species of freshwater dolphins found in Bangladesh 's waterlogged jungles Fears Irrawaddy had dwindled in number to just a few hundred However , researchers have now counted almost 6,000
CNN  -- The U.S. has increased embassy security worldwide after the assault that killed the U.S. ambassador to Libya , Chris Stevens and three other consular officials , and violent protests at U.S. embassies in Egypt and Yemen . Protesters have been angered by a film that mocks Islam 's Prophet Mohammed . The online film "  Innocence of Muslims " has attracted widespread condemnation including remarks from Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy and Pakistan 's foreign ministry . Violent protests erupt at embassies as U.S. seeks killers The tension has also provoked comment throughout the press in the Arab world . CNN samples some of the commentaries : Lebanon Daily Star In an editorial in the online English language version of the Lebanon Daily Star , the paper is critical of the violence but adds " ... after a number of similar reactions in recent years to depictions of Prophet Mohammad far less offensive , it should no longer be a surprise "  More efforts must urgently be made to contain the spread of such hateful media . "  While the violent outbursts were the work of a small group of religious extremists , the authorities in the United States must also bear some responsibility for what happened , and for the ability of the attackers to breach embassy security in both countries . "  It is also vital to view the events in Libya and in Egypt within a context , one in which people 's wider anger , religious fervor or boredom -- or a combination of all three -- has been manipulated by a fifth column to further its own interests . "  If we are to learn anything from these tragic events , it is that greater religious understanding is needed now more than ever . " The Kuwait Times Badrya Darwish , writing in the Kuwait Times , focuses on the upset caused by the film-maker and calls on the U.S. government to act . "  Of course , the producer of the film and the actors taking part in the movie knew exactly what they were doing and knew exactly what the result of this would be -- violence and riots , " she says . "  I call this insinuation of hatred and an act of terror that is wrapped in velvet . And do not say that it is about freedom of speech because it is not ! "  After 9/11 , the U.S. has new laws . Let 's see the American government use those against non-Muslims too . " Asharq Al Awsat Tariq Al Hameed , writing in the Arabic newspaper Asharq Al Awsat , says : "  Since the fall of the Mubarak regime , the real problem in Egypt has been having double standards with the street , which is moving without leaders of public opinion . "  There are leaders who act as political men , not listening to the demands of revolutionaries in the streets , media , and social platforms . There , innocent becomes guilty without trial . This is the problem with Egypt today , and it is the obstacle that will stop it from heading towards the future . "  Countries are not constructed on screams , chaos , or revenge , but they are built on wisdom , thinking , and tolerance . Unfortunately , this is not the case in Egypt , and that is evident in demonstrators against the U.S. embassy , who were Islamists , Christians , and even a group of soccer fans . " The Jordan Times Under a headline of "  Nothing justifies murder , " an editorial in The Jordan Times condemns the perpetrators of the attack on the U.S. embassy in Benghazi and the film-maker "  whose sinister objectives are very clear . " It says : "  The intentions are to denigrate Islam , the faith of more than 1.5 billion people , or around one quarter of the world 's population , most of them living peacefully with followers of other faiths . The movie certainly targets these people in a manner that aims to disrupt their relations with others who might view them in a negative light . "  Unfortunately such -LSB- a -RSB- job is made easier by a very small minority of Muslims who advocate violence or the use of force to impose their views on others -- others here being not only non-Muslims , but also Muslims who do not agree with them , meaning the vast majority of the followers of the faith . "  In Islam and for Muslims , nothing justifies violence and spilling blood of innocent people . " Addustour In Jordan , Hilmi Al Asmar writes that the West should take action against the film-maker . In an editorial in Addustour , the paper says : "  We appreciate all those who repudiated the film 's director "  Sam Bacile " , whether Copts or otherwise . His destiny is to live hiding like the non-believer Salman Rushdi , and likewise . "  We hope the West will discipline their ribald , and stay away from our religion and honor , and they should understand very well that Muslims left the ages of humiliation and degradation , and started their journey to gain their dignity and wealth back . "  These are not holy words , as whoever reads what their scholars write knows what this means exactly . " Al Hayat In the pan-Arab newspaper Al Hayat , Zuhair Qsaibati says malice breeds malice . "  In the age of hatred that erases all logic , it is not a coincidence that a mosque has been desecrated in France , and Muslims in the U.S. have been warned of a ` holocaust ' . "  This film is just one of the many weapons of mass destruction that threaten the Arab Spring . Malice brings malice , and if revolution is a fair game then its enemy will be always ready to spread discrimination in the region : among Muslims and Christians , Muslims and Copts , Sunnis and Shiites , Sunnis and Alawites . " The Egyptian Gazette An editorial in the English language Egyptian Gazette assesses the way anti-U.S. hostility has created a leadership test for both President Barack Obama and Mitt Romney ahead of the presidential election . "  Obama , appearing in the White House Rose Garden , somberly condemned the attack on the US consulate in Benghazi , projected presidential dignity , called on Americans to unite and promised action to protect diplomats in the Arab world , " it says . "  But the president 's unspoken political mission was to exploit and enhance perceptions of him as a steely global leader and to shield his own election prospects from immediate damage from any voter outrage at home . " It said Romney "  unloaded on the administration over a statement issued by the US embassy in Cairo which effectively condemned a film by a US director deemed offensive to Islam which sparked the riot . "	"  More efforts must be made to contain spread of hateful media , " says Lebanon 's Daily Star The Jordan Times concludes : "  In Islam and for Muslims , nothing justifies violence and spilling blood of innocent people . " The Kuwait Times focuses on the upset caused by the film-maker and calls on the U.S. government to act In the pan-Arab newspaper Al Hayat , Zuhair Qsaibati says malice breeds malice
CNN  A North Carolina man facing murder charges in the death of a "  Food Network Star " contestant had human remains in his woodstove , authorities say . Robert Jason Owens is accused of killing former contestant Cristie Schoen Codd , 38 , and her husband , Joseph Codd , 45 . Cristie Codd was five months pregnant , according to CNN affiliate WHNS in Greenville , South Carolina . Owens was a contractor and had worked at the couple 's home in Leicester , a community 15 miles west of Asheville , authorities said Friday . Relatives reported the Codds missing Sunday after they could not reach either of them . When authorities went to their home , some things looked out of place , which prompted an investigation , according to Buncombe County Sheriff Van Duncan . He did not elaborate on what was unusual , but authorities had said earlier that the couple 's cars and dogs were at home . A day after they were reported missing , authorities received a call about suspicious activity around Owens ' home in Candler . "  They  caller  identified that someone had come out and very suspiciously had left things in a Dumpster , " Duncan said . "  We responded and were able to locate items that we knew belonged to Cristie Schoen Codd . " When investigators did an initial interview with Owens , he confessed to taking items from the victims ' home , authorities said . Duncan said they obtained a warrant to search Owens ' home and found human remains . "  Parts of those were recovered from a woodstove at that residence , " Duncan said . Those remains , he said , are undergoing a forensic analysis to determine whether they belong to the Codds . In addition to the remains , Owens ' wife told investigators that her husband confessed to killing Joseph Codd , according to the sheriff . Duncan declined to provide details on the motive or whether the suspect confessed to killing Cristie Schoen Codd as well . "  From that point , there 's not really a whole lot of detail we can get into , " he said , citing an ongoing investigation . Owens faces various charges , including two counts of first-degree murder , murder of an unborn child and breaking and entering , according to WHNS . It said Owens allegedly broke into the couple 's house and stole a laptop , gun and jewelry , citing investigators . It 's unclear who his attorney is . Cristie Codd was a finalist on season eight of "  Food Network Star , " which airs on the Food Network .	Cristie and Joseph Codd were reported missing Sunday The suspect had done odd jobs for the couple , authorities say
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon paid a visit to Baghdad on Friday to congratulate its citizens for last weekend 's "  remarkable " Iraq-led provincial elections , a process he said "  augurs well for the transition process and the solidifying of Iraq 's national reconciliation . " U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon , left , meets Friday in Baghdad with Iraq President Jalal Talabani . On a tour that also has taken him to Pakistan and Afghanistan , Ban met with Iraqi leaders and appeared at a news conference with Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , whose allies won big in nine of the 14 provinces where the local elections were held . "  I have been following the electoral process closely from the early days of the parliamentary debate over the elections law last summer to the final stages of adjudication of the complaints and yesterday evening 's release of the provisional results , " Ban said at the news conference , according to prepared remarks issued by the United Nations . "  It will be some days before final results are known , but current indications are that the elections have been successfully carried out . " Ban last visited Iraq in 2007 . In March of that year , he got a taste of the violence that often rocks the Iraqi capital . An explosion rattled Baghdad 's International Zone , where he was holding a televised news conference with al-Maliki . Apparently used to such blasts , al-Maliki remained stoic , while Ban briefly ducked before regaining his composure and continuing . Now , he said , he 's "  very much impressed to have witnessed myself the great success and progress the Iraqi government and people have made under the leadership of Prime Minister Maliki , and I congratulate you , " he said , emphasizing the improvements in security . The secretary-general praised the turnout of millions of voters in "  an environment free of violence , " a development he called a "  remarkable achievement " in a strife-torn nation . "  Iraq has come a long way in taking their own affairs in hand , this being the first Iraqi-led and Iraqi-owned electoral process . It is a tribute to the growing effectiveness of the Iraqi security forces , and testifies to the increasing stability in the country , " he said . Ban praised Iraqi election officials , the local U.N. office and its special representative , Staffan de Mistura , and election workers . Voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to elect provincial councils . The nation 's three Kurdish provinces will hold elections in May , and voting in Tameem province has been suspended because of political disputes in Kirkuk . "  This marks an important event , these being the first polls to affect the day-to-day lives of Iraqi voters , " Ban said . "  In fact , these elections are about real power , in the sense that local leaders are nominated to be accountable for the delivery of basic services . " The United Nations helped Iraq with logistics in its election process and plans to help in this year 's parliamentary elections and to deal with sticky disputes , such as the status of Kirkuk and disputes over some internal boundaries . Al-Maliki thanked the United Nations for the supportive role it played . He noted that the provincial elections "  changed the political map " of Iraq , but he said the elections were successful for all Iraqis . He said he was proud people voted for blocs based on political goals and not along sectarian and ethnic lines . Ban also met with the three members of the presidency council -- Kurdish President Jalal Talabani , Shiite Vice President Adel Abdul Mehdi and Sunni Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	U.N. secretary-general visits Iraq , lauds "  remarkable " elections there Ban Ki-Moon last visited Iraq in 2007 , when violence was still raging Voters in 14 of 18 provinces turned out last weekend to cast ballots Iraq prime minister thanks United Nations for assistance , support
London , England  CNN  -- Microsoft is to offer its European users the chance to use a Web browser other than its own . The agreement with the European Commission ends a long-running dispute over the U.S. software giant 's dominant market position . Earlier this year European regulators said the inclusion of a browser with its Windows operating system was a likely violation of European antitrust law , despite the fact it had done so for over a decade . Given Microsoft 's dominance of the PC operating system market -- with 100 million European users of Windows according to the EU -- the Commission argued on its Web site that bundling the two products together deprives consumers of choice and results in fewer innovative products on the market . As of Monday users will be able to select an alternative browser from a pop-up menu or opt to stick with Internet Explorer . According to Microsoft , this "  browser choice screen " will present users with a list of leading browsers -- including Mozilla 's Firefox , Apple 's Safari and Google 's Chrome -- presented in random order , in keeping with its agreement with the European Commission . The pop-up screen provides three options : 1 . Click on "  Install " to install one of the listed browsers . 2 . Click on "  Tell me more " to get more information about any of the browsers -- these links are provided by each browser provider . 3 . Click on "  Select Later " to review the choice screen the next time you log onto your computer . Microsoft says the screen will be offered as an automatic download through Windows Update for Windows XP , Windows Vista and its latest operating system , Windows 7 . The software update will be installed automatically , or will prompt users to download or install it , depending on which operating system is running and the settings for Windows Update .	Agreement with European Commission ends a long-running anti-trust dispute Windows users will now be offered choice of alternative non-Microsoft Web browsers Choice screen offered as automatic download through Windows Vista , Windows 7
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Rep. Patrick Murphy , an Iraq war veteran , kicked off a push Wednesday to persuade Americans that the president should repeal "  do n't ask , do n't tell , " the policy that prevents openly gay troops from serving in the U.S. military . Rep. Patrick Murphy , a veteran of the Iraq war , says it is time to end "  do n't ask , do n't tell . " Murphy , D-Pennsylvania , appeared along with several gay , lesbian and straight service members to launch the initiative . "  We can not afford to wait any longer " for the policy 's repeal , Murphy said at the National Press Club in Washington . "  Now is the time to change this , when our military is stretched so thin " with wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . A "  Voices of Honor " tour , sponsored by the Human Rights Campaign , will travel across the country , sharing stories of gay , lesbian and straight servicemen and - women in hopes of garnering support for the Military Readiness Enhancement Act , which would repeal the law that established the policy . The act would allow gay and lesbian Americans to serve in the military without concealing their sexuality . Human Rights Campaign President Joe Solmonese said in a statement , "  We must repeal this discriminatory policy and ensure that our military can recruit and retain the best and the brightest troops regardless of their sexual orientation . " President Obama has said he wants Congress to repeal the law , but gay rights groups have been angered that the president has not done more to hasten the change . Since Obama took office , 287 service members have been discharged for being gay , according to the Servicemembers Legal Defense Network , which supports the repeal . The bill , introduced by Colin Powell in 1993 and signed into law by President Clinton , ended the protocol requiring service members to state their sexual orientation . But Powell now says the time has come to review whether the policy is still necessary . "  Sixteen years have now gone by , and I think a lot has changed with respect to attitudes within our country , and therefore I think this is a policy and a law that should be reviewed , " Powell said . "  I am withholding judgment , because the commanders of the armed forces of the United States and the joint chiefs of staff need to study it and make recommendations to the president and have hearings before the Congress before a decision is made , " he added . The military 's top uniformed officer , Adm. Mike Mullen , said Wednesday that it 's clear the president wants the law changed and that he is beginning to work with his staff on how a repeal would be implemented . But , he advised , with two wars ongoing , that the decision not be hurried . "  When I talk about looking at this in the future , we have a force that 's under extraordinary stress , and it 's a force that , you know , should this occur , I think we need to implement in a way that is -- that recognizes the challenges and the stress that we 're under right now , " said the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff . "  But , if it does occur , when it does occur , you know , I 'll certainly lead it and carry it out . " Defense Secretary Robert Gates recently said he is looking for ways to make the policy "  more humane , " including letting people serve who may have been outed because of vengeance or a jilted lover . But there is plenty of opposition to the repeal . In the spring , more than 1,000 retired officers signed a letter organized by Flag and General Officers for the Military urging Obama to uphold the law . "  We believe that imposing this burden on our men and women in uniform would undermine recruiting and retention , impact leadership at all levels , have adverse effects on the willingness of parents who lend their sons and daughters to military service , and eventually break the all-volunteer force , " the letter said . The recent shooting death of a sailor has also raised questions about acceptance of gays among troops . The family of Seaman August Provost of Houston , Texas , said they believe that he was killed because of his sexual orientation and his race . But a spokesman for Camp Pendleton , where the shooting took place , said there was no indication early in the investigation that the killing was a hate crime . Still , Genevieve Chase , a straight veteran of Operation Enduring Freedom and the founder of American Women 's Veterans , said she believes that not much would change in the military if "  do n't ask , do n't tell " were repealed . Chase appeared with Murphy at the event Wednesday in Washington . Calling them service members of a "  new era , " Chase said , "  Gays have been and are already serving openly . ... Allowing discrimination and bigotry to continue is what disrupts cohesion . " There is no clear timeline for when the bill will be debated in Congress . Obama has said he will sign the repeal if it comes to his desk .	NEW : Amid wars , decision should not be hasty , Joint Chiefs chair says "  We can not afford to wait any longer " to change policy , congressman says President Clinton signed law in 1993 after it was introduced by Colin Powell Family of dead seaman says they believe he was killed because he was gay
Bill Cosby 's family is rallying around the embattled comedian . On Monday , Cosby 's wife , Camille , released a statement in defense of her husband , who has been accused of sexual assault by a number of women . On Tuesday , his daughter Evin sent a statement to "  Access Hollywood " standing up for Cosby . "  He is the FATHER you thought you knew . ` The Cosby Show ' was my today 's tv reality show , " she wrote . "  Thank you . That 's all I would like to say : . " On a Facebook page reputed to belong to Evin Cosby , posts cheered her mother and questioned the accusers . CNN has not confirmed the page belongs to Evin Cosby . Over the last month , many women have come forward to accuse Cosby of past sexual assault ; the star has never been charged . The Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said Tuesday it wo n't be charging Cosby with a crime in one of the alleged incidents that 's emerged in the past month : the case of Judy Huth , a woman who recently sued Cosby , claiming he sexually molested her at the Playboy Mansion in 1974 , when she was 15 years old . The statute of limitations for any possible misdemeanor or felony charge in the case has run out , the office said . Even without any charges filed , the accusations have caused Cosby 's public persona to be damaged , resulting in lost projects and tour dates . How will we remember Bill Cosby ? His camp has repeatedly and vigorously denied the allegations . It defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years , " said Cosby 's attorney , Martin D. Singer , in a written statement sent to CNN . Cosby has said little , though Friday he told a freelance New York Post reporter that he appreciates his wife 's strength , and offered expectations on how the media should cover the story .	Los Angeles prosecutor says Cosby wo n't be charged in 1974 case Bill Cosby 's daughter Evin says comedian is father "  you thought you knew " Bill Cosby has been accused of sexual assault by a number of women Cosby 's camp has repeatedly and vigorously denied the allegations
Aldo the German shepherd and his human companions in law enforcement won an important Supreme Court appeal on Tuesday over vehicle searches for drugs and contraband . The justices found that a positive "  hit " from the sniff of a well trained police dog could establish probable cause for the search of a vehicle . "  The question -- similar to every inquiry intro probable cause -- is whether all the facts surrounding a dog 's alert , viewed through the lens of common sense , would make a reasonably prudent person think that a search would reveal contraband or evidence of a crime , " said Justice Elena Kagan . "  And here , Aldo 's did . " This case and a separate and still pending appeal over police intrusions into homes and cars could have a far-reaching impact on when a person 's private contents can be subjected to a search without clear probable cause or a valid warrant . Dogs at center of police search arguments The Constitution 's Fourth Amendment grants the "  right of the people to be secure in their persons , houses , papers , and effects , against unreasonable searches and seizures . " The issue of citizen privacy has been particularly acute since the 2001 al Qaeda attacks on the United States . Federal and state governments have stepped up surveillance of suspected terrorists and their allies and high-risk targets , like government buildings and shopping malls . The case decided by the Supreme Court on Tuesday involved Clayton Harris , who was stopped by a sheriff 's deputy in Liberty County outside Tallahassee in 2006 for an expired license tag . The officer brought in a German shepherd police dog , Aldo , who focused on the truck 's door handle . A subsequent search produced pills in the vehicle that are used to make methamphetamine . Harris was charged and later pleaded no contest , but the state high court later reversed the conviction . Those justices found the dog unreliable . A few weeks after the initial search , Harris was stopped and the dog again alerted the door handle for the presence of drugs . This time , none were found . The Florida high court concluded that the state 's general assertion a dog was sufficiently "  trained " and "  certified " was not enough alone to establish probable cause justifying vehicle searches . But the U.S. Supreme Court disagreed , saying Aldo 's training records established that he was reliable in detecting drugs and that Harris "  failed to undermine that showing . " The Supreme Court has in recent years generally given law enforcement some latitude to conduct its in a heightened security environment , but not without some checks . The current cases also come as recent studies have raised questions about the accuracy of canine drug alerts . Florida state officials applauded the opinion . "  This victory is paramount to preserving our law enforcement officers ' ability to use police dog alerts to locate illegal drugs and arrest those who possess them , " said Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi . "  The Supreme Court correctly held that a police dog 's reliability is determined through a common-sense evaluation of the relevant circumstances , rather than through a rigid set of judge-created requirements , " Bondi said . The case is : Florida v. Harris  11-817  .	Court says alerts from trained dogs can trigger probable cause for search of car This case and another could have far-reaching impact on search questions Citizen privacy has been a key issue since 2001 terror attacks on the United States
EW.com  -- Pixar earned its 14th No. 1 at the box office this weekend -- out of 14 releases . Yep , the animation studio , now owned by Disney , has never not opened a film in first place . Its latest release , Monsters University , was no exception . It finished at the top of its class . Monsters graduated with $ 82 million from 4,004 theaters in its debut weekend , making it the second biggest Pixar opener of all time behind Toy Story 3 , which bowed with $ 110.3 million in June 2010 . It also beat the opening of its predecessor , Monsters Inc. , which opened with $ 62.6 million in 2001 . That being said , when inflation is taken into account , Monsters Inc. 's debut adjusts to about $ 82 million today  and that was without 3D tickets  . According to Disney , audiences were 56 percent female and 60 percent below the age of 25 . Families made up 73 percent of business , and teens accounted for a solid 15 percent . The film played well with all ages , and crowds issued Monsters University an "  A " CinemaScore , which should help it endure at the box office for weeks to come . EW : ` Monsters University ' review Monsters University 's biggest challenge arrives July 3 . That 's when Universal 's animated Despicable Me 2 hits theaters and will provide direct competition for families . The original Despicable Me became a word of mouth sensation and earned $ 251 million in 2010 , and because it 's still fresh in audiences ' minds , it provides a formidable threat . But Disney is confident that positive audience reactions will carry Monsters University to success . Internationally , Monsters University took in $ 54.5 million this weekend from 35 territories , representing about 48 percent of the overseas market . All together , Monsters University has earned $ 136.5 million worldwide in its first three days . It should be noted that Disney declined to provide a budget for the film . Last year , the studio reported that Brave cost $ 185 million . Because filmmakers had to bring voice actors John Goodman and Billy Crystal back into the fold to work on Monsters University , it 's likely that it cost substantially more than that . In second place , the Brad Pitt vehicle World War Z went totally viral with an excellent $ 66 million debut from 3,607 theaters . The zombie thriller , which reportedly cost over $ 200 million to produce  Paramount is admitting to $ 190 million  , had a famously troubled production , but thanks to Paramount 's relentless marketing campaign  including numerous ads in this year 's hugely popular NBA finals  , World War Z became the biggest opening of Brad Pitt 's career , ahead of Mr. and Mrs. Smith , which opened with $ 50.3 million in 2005 . EW : ` World War Z ' review World War Z has a long way to go before it can be deemed a success , but its great box office debut and surprisingly strong reviews have wiped away much of the stigma that surrounded the project . Of course , the film 's on-set drama did n't matter much to the average moviegoer . According to Fandango , 87 percent of people who purchased a ticket to World War Z said that the film 's much-reported production struggles had zero effect on their decision to go . Who was the average moviegoer ? Paramount reports that crowds were 51 percent female  yep , both a zombie movie and a monster movie played primarily to females this weekend  and 67 percent at least 25 years old . Overseas , World War Z earned $ 45.8 million from 25 territories representing about 30 percent of the international market , which gives the zombie film a $ 112 million total after just one weekend . Audiences issued World War Z a "  B + " CinemaScore grade . Man of Steel fell by a hefty 65 percent in its second weekend to $ 41.2 million . The $ 225 million Superman reboot has now earned $ 210 million after 10 days , easily surpassing Superman Returns ' gross , which topped out at $ 200 million in 2006 . Unless it continues to plummet at this rate  which seems unlikely -- World War Z and Monsters University provided unexpectedly massive competition  , Man of Steel is still on pace to reach the $ 300 million mark . EW : ` Man of Steel ' review This Is the End and Now You See Me rounded out the top five with $ 13 million and $ 7.9 million , respectively . This Is the End fell by just 37 percent and has now earned $ 57.8 million against a $ 32 million budget . Now You See Me , meanwhile , dropped by just 29 percent and has earned $ 94.5 million after four weekends . The $ 75 million magician caper is now a lock to finish above $ 100 million . 1 . Monsters University -- $ 82 million 2 . World War Z -- $ 66 million 3 . Man of Steel -- $ 41.2 million 4 . This Is the End -- $ 13 million 5 . Now You See Me -- $ 7.9 million In limited release , Sofia Coppola 's buzzy drama The Bling Ring , which stars Emma Watson , expanded too quickly for its own good . The film , which opened in five theaters last weekend , expanded into 650 locations and took in $ 2 million . Its resulting $ 3,077 per theater average limits The Bling Ring 's chances for another major expansion . Next week , The Heat and White House Down hit theaters . How will they do ? Check back to EW for full box office coverage , and follow me on Twitter for up-to-the-minute box office updates to find out . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Monsters " was the second biggest Pixar opener of all time behind "  Toy Story 3 " The film played well with all ages , according to Disney Brad Pitt 's "  World War Z " had a great box office debut
CNN  A friend of Bobbi Kristina Brown said police have questioned Brown 's boyfriend about bruises on the young woman 's chest after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub January 31 . Brown , the only daughter of the late Whitney Houston , remains in a medically induced coma in a neuro intensive care unit at Atlanta 's Emory University Hospital . Monday night , friend Daphne Barak said that Nick Gordon , Brown 's boyfriend , told her that the bruises were a result of him performing CPR on her . Gordon could not be reached for comment . The investigation is focusing on everyone who was in the house the night before the incident and on people who had contact with Gordon , according to a source with knowledge of the probe . Police are exploring all avenues to find out how and why Brown ended up face down in her bathtub with unexplained injuries to her body , the source said . "  Immediately , from the beginning , they asked him about injuries to the chest , " Barak told HLN 's Nancy Grace , adding that Brown is "  very tiny . " Her father 's attorney released a statement criticizing the media for "  false reports . " "  The desire to be ` first ' has clouded the judgment of many reporters as they forgo accuracy . This is a criminal investigation and the integrity of that process requires silence , " Christopher Brown said . Police did n't call the case a criminal matter until Tuesday night . "  I can confirm that we have a criminal investigation ongoing , " Roswell Police Chief Rusty Grant said in an email sent to CNN . Barak has been in close contact with the couple for more than a year , she said , adding that she believes Gordon and Brown were very much in love . "  These two young people -- he was everything for her , she was everything for him . ... They really were everything to each other , " Barak said . Last week , a source close to the Brown family told CNN that Brown has injuries that need to be explained , but there have been no details disclosed publicly about the nature of those alleged injuries . "  I 'm praying for her , " Barak said . Houston died three years ago Wednesday . She was found dead in a bathtub at a hotel near Los Angeles on February 11 , 2012 , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammy Awards party . A coroner ruled her death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . CNN 's Marylynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Police confirm a criminal investigation is underway into the near-drowning incident Police question Nick Gordon about bruises on Bobbi Kristina Brown Whitney Houston 's daughter was found unresponsive in bathtub January 31
Sunset  -- From urban epicurean retreats to snowy chalets accessed by snowmobile , these lofty restaurants will lift your spirits Jump into a Sno-Cat and ride to Cloud 9 in Aspen . Cloud Nine Alpine Bistro Aspen , Colorado No need to be a skier to glimpse Aspen 's best mountaintop views ; just jump into a Sno-Cat and head up Aspen Highlands for an intimate four-course meal . What 's for dinner : Look for elk chops and pumpkin gnocchi , oyster-stuffed roasted Cornish game hen with chanterelles and horseradish pure . INFO : Sno-Cat dinners are held on Thursday nights December through March ; $ 125 , including transportation ; reservations required ; 970/923 -8715 . -- Lori Midson Fresh Tracks Caf Nelson , B.C. Sure , locals love the deep , sugary snow , but what we love most about Whitewater Winter Resort in the Canadian Selkirk Mountains is the food . In fact , the clamor for Burgundian-trained chef Shelley Adams 's tasty creations has grown so loud that her cookbook , "  Whitewater Cooks : Pure , Simple and Real Creations from the Fresh Tracks Caf "  Whitecap Books , 2007 ; $ 30 U.S.  , is already into its fourth printing , and volume two is on the way . What 's for dinner : Whiskey-smoked salmon chowder , burgers piled high with caramelized onions and goat cheese . INFO : Entres average $ 12 or less ; Whitewater Winter Resort ; 800/666 -9420 . -- Deana Lancaster Timberline Lodge Mt. Hood , Oregon WPA-era hand-hewn furniture and unforgettable views converge 6,000 feet up Mt. Hood in the lodge 's Cascade Dining Room . What 's for dinner : Dishes like salmon coulibiac , handmade desserts . INFO : Entre prices average more than $ 30 ; reservations required ; 503/622 -0700 . -- Bonnie Henderson Different Pointe of View Phoenix , Arizona Who needs snowcapped peaks and alpine meadows when you can see swaying palms , pink oleanders and showstopping views of downtown Phoenix ? The Pointe Hilton Tapatio Cliffs Resort 's 1,800-foot-high perch on a rocky mountain is the place to get perspective on the desert . What 's for dinner : Classic lobster bisque , truffle-grilled filet mignon . INFO : Entre prices average more than $ 30 ; 11111 N. Seventh St. ; 602/866 -6350 . -- Nora Burba Trulsson Yamashiro Hollywood , California Dinner at Yamashiro is as much an escape from reality as any Hollywood film . Surrounded by Japanese gardens and built from teak and cedar , the restaurant high above Hollywood Boulevard is an exact handcrafted replica of a palace outside Kyoto . The rooms within are like a series of scenes , each with a different mood . What 's for dinner : Asian barbecue baby back ribs with ginger black beans and sweet-potato fries , or sushi and sashimi . INFO : Entre prices average more than $ 30 ; 1999 N. Sycamore Ave. ; 323/466 -5125 . -- Matthew Jaffe Parallax Sno-Cat dinners Mammoth Mountain , California Like the tanklike Sno-Cat that 's been stylishly retrofitted with plush seats , the midmountain restaurant at McCoy Station transforms itself from a chili-and-fries ski lodge into a candlelit enclave with white tablecloths and five-course meals on Thursday , Friday and Saturday nights and holidays . What 's for dinner : Entres like roasted venison loin chop , macadamia-crusted halibut . INFO : Three-course dinners are $ 79 per person ; five courses with wine pairings for $ 139 -- transportation included in the price of dinner ; December 14 -- 30  closed December 25  and January 1-5 ; reservations required ; 800/626 -6684 . -- Tim Neville The Yurt at Solitude Solitude , Utah Don a pair of skis or snowshoes for the 3/4-mile trek from Solitude Village to this mountainside Mongolian yurt . What 's for dinner : Granny Smith apple-and-stilton salad , pan-seared Long Island duck breast with balsamic mashed sweet potatoes . INFO : Closed Mon ; $ 100 per person , including equipment rental ; reserve two months in advance ; 12000 Big Cottonwood Canyon ; 801/536 -5709 . -- Kate Siber Zach 's Cabin Beaver Creek , Colorado Bundle under blankets for the open-air ride from the Ritz-Carlton Bachelor Gulch to Zach 's Cabin , high up in an aspen grove at 9,000 feet . What 's for dinner : Elk short loin with roasted fingerling hash and a cherry demi-glace , nori - and sesame-dusted tuna with crispy lotus chips . INFO : Entre prices average more than $ 30 , including transportation  lunch for members only  ; closed Sunday-Monday through March ; reservations required ; in Beaver Creek Resort at Ritz-Carlton ; 970/754 -6575 . -- Jane McConnell Crystal Hut Whistler , B.C. Blackcomb Mountain , just 75 miles from Vancouver , British Columbia , is famous for extra-long , thigh-burning runs , gloriously steep powder bowls and waffles . Find the thick and fluffy Belgian-style ones made to order at lunch in the Crystal Hut , a cozy log cabin notched onto a ridge at the top of the 6,053-foot Crystal chairlift . What 's for dinner  or lunch  : Waffles . Or , after dark , fondue by candlelight . INFO : Lunch : average entre prices less than $ 12 ; fondue dinner : $ 169 U.S. , including transportation ; at Whistler Blackcomb Ski Resort ; 604/938 -1616 . -- D.L. Pacific 's Edge Carmel Highlands , California Okay , it 's not really that high up , but vertiginous views of the Pacific crashing against rocks far below make it feel lofty in its own way . What 's for dinner : Local abalone , Hawaiian blue marlin sashimi , beef tenderloin . INFO : Entre prices average more than $ 30 ; closed Tuesday-Wednesday ; at Highlands Inn ; 831/622 -5445 . -- Margo True E-mail to a friend Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright 2004-2009 Sunset magazine . All rights reserved .	The Fresh Tracks Caf in Nelson , B.C. offers simple food at great prices The 3/4-mile trek to Solitude , Utah 's Yurt at Solitude works up your appetite The Crystal Hut in Whistler , B.C. is known for its fluffy waffles
CNN  -- Singapore businessman Peter Lim has offered to purchase debt-ridden La Liga side Valencia , according to the club 's president , Amadeo Salvo . Speaking at a specially convened press conference before Sunday 's match with Real Madrid , Salvo said : "  Mr Lim has made an official offer to Bankia to buy the club . It is one of the two or three biggest transactions ever in the world of football . " The La Liga club revealed in August that its debts to Bankia , Spain 's fourth largest bank , stood at $ 376 million . Salvo said Mr Lim has proposed that the purchase be completed by the middle of next month to allow the club time to spend money on players before the transfer window closes on January 31 . The original plan was to close the deal in a week , Salvo suggested , but Bankia has requested a time frame of four to six weeks to consider more offers . Read more : Mourinho hints at building Chelsea dynasty Bankia , who announced earlier this month that they were seeking buyers for the club , declined to comment when contacted by CNN . Mr Lim could not be contacted at time of publication . Lim , who made an unsuccessful bid to buy English Premier League club Liverpool in 2010 , is worth more than $ 2 billion , according to Forbes.com . Exactly a decade ago , Valencia were at the halfway point of a season which saw them win both the La Liga title and the UEFA Cup . But the club has been mired in financial difficulties following Spain 's economic crisis and currently lie 11th in La Liga with interim manager Nico Estevez in charge following the sacking of Miroslav Djukic earlier this month . Construction on the new 75,000-seat Mestalla Stadium was halted in 2009 and a host of star players , including David Villa , David Silva and Juan Mata , have been sold in recent seasons to help service huge debts . If 60-year-old Lim 's bid is successful then he will join a growing list of foreign investors in La Liga and across other European leagues . Fellow La Liga outfit Malaga were bought for a reported $ 80 million by Qatar 's Sheikh Abdullah Bin Nasser Al-Thani in 2010 with the Qatar Investment Authority buying a 70 % share of Ligue 1 's Paris St Germain in 2011 . In October this year , Indonesian billionaire Erick Thohir acquired a 70 % stake in Italian giants Inter Milan .	Singapore billionaire Peter Lim offers to buy Valencia , says club president The La Liga club has been crippled by debts following Spain 's financial crisis Lim worth more than $ 2 billion according to Forbes.com
KETCHIKAN , Alaska  CNN  -- The "  Bridge to Nowhere " may have been shelved . But the "  Road to Nowhere " is alive and well . Gov. Sarah Palin let the "  Road to Nowhere " go ahead because the contract had been signed . The proposed $ 400 million span that would have connected the coastal city of Ketchikan to its airport on Gravina Island died after it became a symbol of congressional excess . But the three-mile access road that was built on the island is ready for residents to take a drive to nowhere . It was paid for by some of the $ 223 million in federal funding that sparked ridicule among opponents of congressional "  pork-barrel " spending . In stump speeches , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin has touted her eventual decision to abandon the Gravina Island bridge , which she initially supported . But Palin , now the Republican vice presidential candidate , let the access road go ahead because the contract to build it had been signed , a campaign aide said . iReport.com : Are you in a battleground state ? Share your stories Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein calls the road , which was paid for by federal tax dollars , a waste of money that could have been used to fix his city 's roads and sidewalks . "  Gov. Palin could have stopped construction of this road , " said Weinstein , who wore his "  Nowhere , Alaska " T-shirt to an interview with CNN . Watch where road ends " The island is connected to the city by a ferry that runs to the airport , well past the point where the bridge was to have been built . But some locals said they 'll find some way to use the road , such as running or bicycle riding . "  It 'd be nice to see them put something over here now they have a road : park , picnic benches , something to get people out here , " said P.J. Murphy , who works on the island . "  I mean , it 's pretty here . " Read Abbie Boudreau 's "  backstory " blog on "  Road to nowhere " Campaign spokeswoman Meg Stapleton said Palin would not have allowed the road project to go forward under normal circumstances . But the deal had been signed just before she took office in December 2006 , Stapleton said . "  The governor was left no viable alternative , " Stapleton said . For the first two weeks of her campaign , Palin routinely told audiences in her stump speech that she told Congress "  thanks , but no thanks " for the bridge , which was backed by the leaders of Alaska 's congressional delegation . But Weinstein , a Democrat , said Palin instead spent $ 26 million to build a road "  that will not go to a bridge . " Palin has been heavily criticized for repeating the stock line about killing the "  Bridge to Nowhere " without noting that she supported the project as a candidate for governor . She has dropped the line from her stump speech in the past week , but a McCain-Palin aide said that her prepared remarks are being tweaked as needed to reflect current events , and it could come back again .	Road on Alaskan island was built with some of $ 223 million in taxpayer money Ketchikan Mayor Bob Weinstein calls the road a waste of money Road was supposed to be access connector to the failed ` Bridge to Nowhere ' ` Bridge to Nowhere ' has become symbol of excessive spending
CNN  When Wadha and her family abruptly fled from Iraq 's Nineva province on a balmy August day , they left all their possessions behind . "  I left with nothing , only a bottle of water , and this shirt , " says Majdi , Wadha 's eldest son . The family traveled by foot for 15 days to reach the safety of Iraqi Kurdistan . Majdi 's wife was pregnant , slowing their travel . By the time they arrived , 13 members of their family had been killed or kidnapped , including one 12-year-old girl . Today the surviving family members rely on plastic sheeting , cardboard and pallets for an improvised shelter . It was here that Majdi welcomed a baby girl into their family , and in just a few weeks , he and his family may have to move again as local authorities , hoping to get children back in school , move displaced families into temporary shelters . Many of these shelters are built of flimsy materials and some are missing walls , leaving families open to the chilly weather . It 's a terrible decision Wadha and her family may have to make just as the freezing temperatures are expected to arrive : school or shelter ? "  We do n't need anything else , " says Wadha , "  but , please , just help us for winter . " From northern Iraq to Jordan , Turkey and Lebanon , the continuing fighting across Syria and Iraq is forcing families to run , and those who survive do not have what they need to last the winter . At the Za'atari refugee camp in Jordan , where I visited last year , the cold wind shakes the tents and the temperature drops to freezing . Drafty , damp shelters will spread illness and disease . While most of the year this desert city is bone dry , during winter the rain washes along the rocky ground . It can flood quickly , destroying what few things families still have and making even these sparse accommodations unlivable . In the past , floods have caused riots in the camp . There , a 10-year-old girl , Haya , said to me , "  We fear you are forgetting us . ... Have you ever thought of the children of Syria ? " Roughly 6.5 million children have been affected by the war in Syria , and 1.6 million children are refugees . Children represent fully half the 3 million refugees across the region . Many Syrians have sought refuge in Lebanon and Turkey . Neighboring countries are being overwhelmed by the influx of refugees who have nothing but the clothes they wear . Something as simple as a blanket can help a family adjust to their new situation , easing the burdens on their host communities . A blanket can keep out the cold during these harsh nights and make life as a refugee a little more bearable . When I was in Jordan , I met a man named Mohammed , who had fled after being threatened by militants . His life as a refugee was nothing like what he left in Syria . Like many refugees , his life was n't too different from a middle-class American 's . "  We had everything , " he told me on my visit to Za'atari last year . He had a good job , a nice home and regular vacations with his family . Hanah , Mohammed 's wife , told me , "  Helping my children with homework was the most difficult part of my day . " But the family was caught in the epicenter of the civil war . Their hometown , Da ` raa , is nicknamed "  The Cradle of the Revolution . " Mohammed has scars and burns after being arrested and detained for six days . After getting out , he fled with his wife and seven children toward the Jordan border , fearing for their safety the whole way . The family 's oldest daughter , 11-year-old Rama , told me the road up and down mountains made her "  so scared I did n't talk . " In Dohuk , where Wadha and her family now live in Iraqi Kurdistan , 100 other families are seeking refuge . There is no proper sanitation , and people have taken to relieving themselves in the open air . Heavy rains have caused flooding . These unsanitary conditions , experts believe , will lead to the spread of disease . As much as half of the vulnerable population is likely to need medical care . Wadha and her son Majdi , with his wife , are hopeful that the family 's 3-week-old baby will be among those who live through the winter . The family has n't named the baby girl yet , in case she does n't survive . Across the region , refugees need adequate shelter and other cold weather supplies such as coats , mattresses and blankets , boots and shoes , and socks and hats . World Vision is distributing kits with these materials . However , the need continues to grow . Wadha 's family has survived a harrowing few months , but the hardest 40 days are yet to come .	More than 6 million children are affected by the war in Syria , Richard Stearns says More than 1.6 million children are refugees , he says Many families who fled their homeland abruptly left everything behind , he says Refugees need adequate shelter and cold weather supplies , Stearns says
To the families of the victims , Ethan Couch was a killer on the road , a drunken teenage driver who caused a crash that left four people dead . To the defense , the youth is himself a victim -- of "  affluenza , " according to one psychologist -- the product of wealthy , privileged parents who never set limits for the boy . To a judge , who sentenced Couch to 10 years ' probation but no jail time , he 's a defendant in need of treatment . The decision disappointed prosecutors and stunned victims ' family members , who say they feel that Couch got off too easy . Prosecutors had asked for the maximum of 20 years behind bars . "  Let 's face it . ... There needs to be some justice here , " Eric Boyles , who lost his wife and daughter , told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Wednesday night . "  For 25 weeks , I 've been going through a healing process . And so when the verdict came out , I mean , my immediate reaction is -- I 'm back to week 1 . We have accomplished nothing here . My healing process is out the window , " he said . Lawyers for Couch , 16 , had argued that the teen 's parents should share part of the blame for the crash because they never set limits for the boy and gave him everything he wanted . According to CNN affiliate WFAA , a psychologist called by the defense described Couch as a product of "  affluenza . " He reportedly testified that the teen 's family felt wealth bought privilege , and that Couch 's life could be turned around with one to two years of treatment and no contact with his parents . Couch was sentenced by a juvenile court judge Tuesday . If he violates the terms of his probation , he could face up to 10 years of incarceration , according to a statement from the Tarrant County Criminal District Attorney 's Office . Judge Jean Boyd told the court she would not release Couch to his parents , but would work to find the teen a long-term treatment facility . "  There are absolutely no consequences for what occurred that day , " said Boyles . "  The primary message has to absolutely be that money and privilege ca n't buy justice in this country . " His wife , Hollie Boyles , and daughter , Shelby , left their home to help Breanna Mitchell , whose SUV had broken down . Brian Jennings , a youth pastor , was driving past and also stopped to help . All four were killed when the teen 's pickup plowed into the pedestrians on a road in Burleson , south of Fort Worth . Couch 's vehicle also struck a parked car , which then slid into another vehicle headed in the opposite direction . Two people riding in the bed of the teen 's pickup were tossed in the crash and severely injured . One is no longer able to move or talk because of a brain injury , while the other suffered internal injuries and broken bones . "  There is nothing the judge could have done to lessen the suffering for any of those families , " said defense attorney Scott Brown , CNN affiliate KTVT reported . "  The judge  fashioned a sentence that is going to keep Ethan under the thumb of the justice system for the next 10 years , " he said . "  And if Ethan does n't do what he 's supposed to do , if he has one misstep at all , then this judge , or an adult judge when he 's transferred , can then incarcerate him . " Earlier on the night of the accident , June 15 , Couch and some friends had stolen beer from a local Walmart . Three hours after the crash , tests showed he had a blood alcohol content of 0.24 , three times the legal limit , according to the district attorney 's office . "  We are disappointed by the punishment assessed but have no power under the law to change or overturn it , " said Assistant District Attorney Richard Alpert . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families and we regret that this outcome has added to the pain and suffering they have endured . " It is very rare , but not impossible , for prosecutors to challenge the sentence on the ground that it was too lenient , CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin said . "  To give him a pass this time given the egregious nature of his conduct -- four deaths -- is just incomprehensible , " she said . It is unfair that other young defendants without the same wealth could end up in jail for a lot less , said Hostin , of CNN 's "  New Day " morning show . "  I think in terms of policy , this really flies in the face of our criminal justice system , " she said . "  There have to be consequences to actions , and that is what our system is about , even for juveniles . "	Prosecutors had asked for a 20-year sentence for Ethan Couch "  There needs to be some justice here , " says victims ' relative A defense psychologist reportedly described Couch as a product of "  affluenza "
Paris  CNN  -- This weekend I hosted part of the Global Summit of Women in Paris , set up by a Washington-based organization devoting its time to trying to further women 's causes in the world . From politics to business , leaders of countries and industries gathered to share their views on women 's empowerment and how to harness their sisters ' contribution to society . Providing able and ambitious women with the tools for a successful career is n't just the right thing to do , it 's good for business , as some of the biggest economies are finally beginning to grasp . After two decades spent in the financial doldrums , Japan -- one of the most socially conservative societies on the planet -- is now counting on its hidden female potential to help drag the country out of its 20-year slump . In Europe , thanks to the formidable commitment of EU commissioner Viviane Reding , among others , female participation has increased sharply . But to really take hold , moves to mobilize women into the workforce will require more than the usual one-term parliamentary pledge . They need generational commitments , major shifts in the cultural mind-set and years of adaptation . What 's more , the prescription should not be the same for all countries . Women in the developing world face a myriad different pressures from those in Europe and the U.S. . They also have different priorities . So getting a local perspective is key . While it 's generally true that education is key to unlocking potential , girls are already doing better than boys at school in many parts of the globe . But the glass ceiling remains an ever-present stumbling block . Two-time President of Finland Tarja Halonen believes offering practical childcare options  for countries that can afford to do so  is the first step in helping to prevent women feel they have to choose between kids and a career . Having powerful female role models also gives them encouragement to overcome the bias and stigma many working mothers face . President of Malta Marie-Louise Coleiro Preca -- only the second woman to hold the post -- says the stereotypes of women as purely mother and wife material must be smashed while children are in the classroom . She believes the self-belief needed to succeed comes at a tender age . It 's fair to say that the choice between having a family and a future in work is n't always a binary one . Indeed , in today 's day in age more women than ever before have managed to achieve both . But , as Coleiro Preca points out , not all women have the luxury of choosing between staying home to raise their offspring and going out to work in a job they enjoy . In some nations the lack of access to contraception prevents them from planning when they want to start a family . In others , women who want to take time out to raise their children , find themselves forced by their circumstances to have to take on a job they may not want . "  The reality is if you are poor you do n't have a choice , " she says . "  So we need to think of better ways to serve these women as well . " Coleiro Preca believes that having more women in positions of power politically gives governments the sensitivity and empathy to look out for the marginalized . One area where much has been achieved in a relatively short period of time is in the corporate sector . Quotas forcing boards to bring on more women have done much to smash sexism in the clubby male world of capitalism . Reding has spearheaded EU moves to make company boards 40 % female . But legislature for the very top of an organization can paint an artificial picture of the demographic further down the pay scale . Women workers were particularly hardly hit during the rounds of layoffs in 2008 , and an alarming number of them remain underemployed four years on -- stuck in jobs that are either part-time or lower paid than before . Women make all sorts of contributions to society in ways that are n't just related to work and money . They play the vital role of raising the next generation . But for those who also covet a rewarding career , we owe it to them to get the balance right . READ MORE : The best country for women entrepreneurs is ... . READ MORE : Why we need to be smarter about quotas	Nina dos Santos was a host at the Global Summit of Women , where she met business and political leaders She says countries are starting to discover how valuable able and ambitious women are in the workforce Yet still women face a myriad of issues including a lack of childcare and dearth of role models in senior roles Those in developing countries face far different issues to those in developed nations
Washington  CNN  -- A Pakistan-based terrorist group that is actively attacking American troops across the border in Afghanistan is an "  arm " of the Pakistani intelligence agency , the top U.S. military officer told Congress on Thursday . The blunt accusation from the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Michael Mullen , reflected the growing impatience of U.S. officials with Pakistan 's unwillingness to stop the attacks and the belief that Pakistan is actively supporting the insurgents . But the recent high profile attacks by insurgents in Afghanistan represent a shift in strategy by the Taliban , who have ceded control of territory in much of the country , the U.S. secretary of defense said Thursday . "  The insurgency has been turned back in much of the country , including its heartland in the south , and Afghan National Security Forces are increasingly strong and capable , " Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta said in a Senate Armed Service Committee hearing . The attacks , including last week 's attempt to strike at the NATO headquarters and the U.S. Embassy in Kabul and this week 's assassination of former Afghan President Burhanuddin Rabbani , who was leading efforts for reconciliation talks , have raised questions about the ability of Afghan security forces to maintain control . But Panetta , testifying to the committee along with Mullen , said the Taliban strikes are a sign of weakness . "  We judge this change in tactics to be a result of a shift in momentum in our favor and a sign of weakness in the insurgency , " Panetta said . He said many challenges remain . "  We must be more effective in stopping these attacks and limiting the ability of insurgents to create perceptions of decreasing security , " he told the committee in his opening statement . The chairman of the committee , Sen. Carl Levin , D-Michigan , said the ability of the Haqqani network , a Pakistani militant group accused of being responsible for last week 's Kabul attack and numerous others in which U.S. and NATO troops have died , to launch attacks over the border from Pakistan is unacceptable . Levin expressed frustration with the Pakistani government , which has yet to use its troops to crack down on the insurgents and has not publicly condemned the attacks in Afghanistan , either . Mullen , appearing for the last time in front of the committee before his retirement at the end of the month , spoke candidly about concerns about the threat posed by the Haqqanis . Pakistan is "  exporting " violence to Afghanistan , he said . "  The Haqqani network , for one , acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence , " Mullen said . He said Pakistan 's Inter-Services Intelligence agency supported the Haqqani insurgents who planned and executed the attack on the U.S. Embassy and other strikes in Afghanistan . In doing so , Mullen said , the agency is jeopardizing Pakistan 's relations with the United States and Afghanistan . But he added that the solution is not to give up on Pakistan and said a flawed relationship is better than no relationship . Mullen has spent a significant amount of time during his chairmanship building relations with the Pakistanis . "  Some say I have wasted my time , " Mullen said , but he disagrees , saying the situation would be far worse if not for U.S.-Pakistan relations . In recent meetings between U.S. and Pakistani officials , including Mullen with the top Pakistani military officer and CIA Director David Petraeus with Pakistani 's top intelligence officer , the United States has pushed Pakistan to crack down on the Haqqani network , Panetta said . Given the public nature of Thursday 's hearing , Panetta would not discuss what further steps the United States is willing to take to stop the attacks , but a U.S. official said this week that the CIA has increased drone strikes against the insurgent network within Pakistan . In Pakistan , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry denied that ISI supports the Haqqani insurgent group , brushing aside the U.S. categorization of the connection as "  perceptions . " In a press briefing held in Islamabad on Thursday , spokesman Tahmina Junjua said Pakistan is not helping the Haqqani network . Replying to a question on whether Pakistan is involved in a proxy war in Afghanistan , Junjua said , "  I would say a categoric no . " Foreign Minister Hina Rabbani Khar said Friday that the accusations coming out of Washington are unacceptable to Pakistan . "  You will lose an ally , " Khar said on GEO TV . "  You can not afford to alienate Pakistan . You can not afford to alienate the Pakistani people . " Members of Congress have raised the idea of cutting back on the billions of dollars in aid given to Pakistan . Sen. Susan Collins , R-Maine , said the Senate Appropriations Committee has placed conditions on counterterrorism aid , including that the secretary of state must certify that Pakistan is cooperating in U.S. efforts against the Haqqani network and other terrorist groups . Panetta differs with the State Department on whether that is a fair condition , but said he does support the message it will send . "  Anything that makes clear to them that we can not tolerate their providing this kind of safe haven to the Haqqanis , and that they have to take action , any signal we can send to them I think would be important to do , " he said . The top Republican on the committee , Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , called for slowing down the withdrawal of troops from Afghanistan to maintain the advantage of the surge of troops added last year . Mullen said there is "  increased risk " in pushing ahead with the withdrawal of 10,000 troops by next summer , as announced by President Obama . "  While the risk is up , I think it is manageable , " and military success can still be sustained , he said . McCain pressed Panetta on whether the Rabbani assassination shows the Taliban has no interest in reconciliation . "  It does raise concerns . It raises suspicions . Nevertheless , I think , obviously , we have to continue to try to pursue the opportunities that are out there . But we ought to do it with our eyes open , " Panetta said . "  The best signal we can send to the Taliban is that we 're going to continue to fight them and that we 're going to continue to be there , and that we 're not going anywhere . And if we can send them that clear signal , I think that , more than anything , would influence their willingness to develop reconciliation . " The top commander in Afghanistan , Gen. John Allen , believes Taliban fighters in Afghanistan are upset and frustrated , Mullen said . With "  their leadership parked in Pakistan , " Allen sees "  the fighters on the field in Afghanistan are more and more disgruntled . Their morale is down , " Mullen explained . Regarding Iraq , Panetta said the United States continues to negotiate over any presence of American troops in that country after 2011 . Currently , all U.S. troops will be withdrawing from the country , in accordance with the existing agreement with Iraq . "  No final decisions have been made , " Panetta said . Iraq has expressed a desire to maintain U.S. trainers and other aid going forward , he noted , to help them deal with security threats . "  I want to be clear that any future security relationship with Iraq will be fundamentally different from the one that we have had since 2003 . The United States wants a normal , productive relationship and close strategic partnership with a sovereign Iraqi government going forward , " Panetta said . "  This kind of security assistance would be a means of furthering our strategic partnership with Iraq that looks to the kind of future role that can best address Iraqi security needs . " McCain urged that the United States not abandon Iraq and "  not withdraw from Iraq as irresponsibly " as the Obama administration accused the the Bush government of being when the war was started . Panetta and Mullen also warned about cutting too much from the defense budget . If Congress can not come to an agreement on further spending cuts , an additional $ 500 million in defense spending would be cut . Mullen said too harsh a cut would have a "  good chance of breaking " the military . "  We are not going to solve the debt problem on the back of the Pentagon , " he warned . Panetta was equally emphatic in arguing against further cuts beyond the $ 350 billion the Pentagon has already committed to over the next 10 years . "  If we pulled that trigger would we be shooting ourselves in the foot , " asked Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . "  We 'd be shooting ourselves in the head , " Panetta said .	Pakistan denies its intelligence agency supports the Haqqani network Pakistan says to stop the allegations or "  you will lose and ally " "  The Haqqani network ... acts as a veritable arm of Pakistan 's intelligence , " Mullen says "  The insurgency has been turned back in much " of Afghanistan , Panetta says
EW.com  -- "  Sparkle " is a movie for anyone who thought that the pop melodrama of "  Dreamgirls " was n't over-the-top enough . Set in the late '60s , it tells the story of three sisters from middle-class Detroit who form a girl group sort of like the Supremes . They 're astoundingly talented , they want to be famous , and at one point they get their shot at a major deal with Columbia Records . But all sorts of things keep getting in the way , like an abusive , coke-sniffing celebrity boyfriend -- what happens to him will leave your jaw on the floor -- and , more than that , their oppressively uptight church-lady mother , played with teasing confidence and force by Whitney Houston in her final screen role . The movie is a remake of the 1976 ersatz-Supremes Hollywood fable that starred Irene Cara , and the earlier film 's setting -- the late '50s and early '60s -- made sense . Transplanting the material ahead nearly a decade , to the era of race riots and black power  when the classic Motown sound was , in fact , already starting to fade  , hurts the movie 's credibility , since it is now all the harder to believe that three feisty grown women are still living in their puritanical mother 's house because they 're too cowed to go out on their own . From its opening scene , set inside a hopping Detroit nightclub , Sparkle is charged with a synthetically corny high tension .  Cee Lo Green shows up in that scene , and does a fine job of playing a conk-haired funk-soul relic who loves the ladies , but then he completely vanishes from the movie . The three sisters are each cut from a very different cloth . The quietly ambitious Sparkle , a brilliant songwriter , is played by the sixth-season American Idol winner Jordin Sparks , who proves to be a lot like Irene Cara -- that is , she 's pretty in a slightly pained way and wholesomely sincere to the point of being a bit boring . The whippersnapper Dolores  Tika Sumpter  mostly stays in the background , except when she explodes in moments of vengeful high dudgeon . And then there 's the sister known , literally , as Sister , who 's the star of the group and is played by the ravishingly sexy and accomplished British actress Carmen Ejogo . In this role , she looks and acts strikingly like a demon-driven , down-and-dirty Beyonc , and her scenes with Mike Epps , as her charismatic but hateful comedian lover , are the most potent in the film . The truth is that whenever Sister is on screen , we 're a little unsure why the movie is named after anyone else . Sparkle uses some of the same imitation-Motown numbers by Curtis Mayfield that powered the 1976 version , along with new songs by R. Kelly . The music is all highly competent and , frankly , just unmemorable enough to make you wish that you were hearing authentic period chestnuts instead . The trouble with Sparkle is n't that it 's overwrought  that 's what 's sometimes fun about it  . It 's that everything in the movie is derivative and third-hand : a copy of a copy . The film is pulp that 's been fed through a strainer , with bits and pieces squeezed out of a dozen other , better movies  "  What 's Love Got to Do With It " , "  Lady Sings the Blues , " and "  Dreamgirls , " to name just a few  . At times , it 's like a Joan Crawford neurotic-mother fantasy , and the gravelly conviction of Whitney Houston 's performance proves that this could have been the first step not merely in a comeback but in a major re-invention . She had the instincts of a superb character actress . At other times , the movie is a girl-group biopic that never quite delivers the charge of success that we 're longing to see . Jordin Sparks ' big , climactic on-stage number is supposed to do that , but to me it 's just a testament to the way that too many "  Idol " graduates , with their how-many-notes-can-I-cram-inside-a-note technical bravura , short-circuit any true connection with the audience . "  Sparkle " is never more than an overheated mediocrity . The one thing it is n't , however , is dull . Grade : B - See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	The film marks the final performance of singer Whitney Houston "  Sparkle " mines some of the same territory as "  Dreamgirls " It uses some of the same music as the 1976 original along with R. Kelly compositions
CNN  -- Boarding teams from the British Navy frigate HMS Cornwall rescued five Yemeni fishermen and captured 17 Somali pirates last week during a rescue operation the Gulf of Aden , the Royal Navy confirmed Tuesday . The hostages were the original crew of a fishing dhow who had been held hostage aboard their Yemeni-flagged vessel for 92 days , the Royal Navy said in a statement . Since taking the dhow on November 11 , 2010 , the pirates used it as a "  mother ship " for raiding operations , equipping three skiffs with powerful outboard motors , ladders and other paraphernalia , according to the statement . The rescue operation was carried out Thursday by boarding teams from the Cornwall , supported by Lynx helicopters , according to the statement . The frigate had received a distress call from a South Korean merchant vessel in the area , whose crew had become suspicious of the dhow 's actions . After rescuing the fishing crew and apprehending their captors , the Cornwall restored the vessel to its rightful Yemeni owners , the Royal Navy said . Cmdr. David Wilkinson of the Cornwall described the action as a "  very slick boarding operation which has ensured that this pirate vessel is no longer able to operate " and restored the crew to their families . The Cornwall is part of the Combined Maritime Forces , a multinational naval partnership operating in the Gulf of Aden under U.N. Security Council resolutions "  to disrupt piracy and armed robbery at sea , " and to assist regional partners in developing the capabilities to protect shipping in waters beset by pirates in recent years , the Royal Navy said .	17 pirates were apprehended , five fishermen freed after 3 months ' captiviity Yemeni-flagged fishing dhow had been taken over by pirates in November British team boarded the ship in a "  slick " rescue operation , commander says South Korean vessel had sent out a distress call based on suspicions about the dhow
CNN  -- No city better exemplifies China 's investment in its western interior than Chengdu , the booming capital of Sichuan , famous for pandas and spicy food . The city recently hosted the Fortune Global Forum and announced that visitors from 45 countries can enjoy a 72-hour visa-free stay , further cementing its rise as a major tourism destination . Yet only two hours from this metropolis of 14 million people lies a town that has remained fundamentally untouched by the economic changes that have transformed so many lives in China over the past 35 years . Bagou -- a coal town that has seen its population fall from a peak of 20,000 to 1,500 in the years since the mine ceased operation -- is an anomaly in China . It 's a town that 's actually worse off in 2013 than it was in 1963 . The vast workers ' auditorium , miners ' cottages  several built by the British in the 1930s  , schools and hospitals are all empty and in a state of abject disrepair , but the fact that more tourists are arriving on the steam railway means the town 's worst days may now be behind it . The narrow-gauge rail line was built to connect Bagou with the river town of Shibanxi in 1958 and has six intermediate stops along its 19.8-kilometer  12.3-mile  route . Although used primarily for the transportation of coal , it continues to provide a passenger service . In fact , until 2012 there was no road to Bagou and the town could be reached only by train or on a motorbike running alongside the tracks . Tickets for "  local " trains cost 5 RMB  about 80 cents  to ride the line in its entirety , while those for the new tourist trains from Yuebin are RMB 50  $ 8  . These services are air-conditioned , provide a seat  not guaranteed on local trains  and will usually stop in Jiaoba to allow passengers to photograph the most scenic part of the route . All trains are powered by one of six working steam engines that are housed and serviced in Shibanxi . More on CNN : Checking in on Chengdu , China 's latest urban star China 's industrial heritage Most passengers , both locals and tourists , disembark in Bagou , but an interesting alternative is to continue to the final stop , Huangcun , to take in the Cultural Revolution slogans and artwork that decorate the buildings right next to the platform . Huangcun is also home to the coal mine Bagou and its surrounding villages relied on for more than 70 years . The mine has been open as a tourist attraction since 2008 and daughters of former miners  the guides are all female  lead informative tours . After emerging back into daylight , the 20-minute walk to Bagou through plantain groves passes many buildings of interest , including the former Occupational Disease Clinic , hospital and middle school . With a well put together museum in Bagou , housed in the Soviet-built former town-administrative center , the mine and steam engines mark the beginning of a nascent interest in industrial heritage in China . Steam enthusiasts arrive from , chiefly , the UK , Germany , the U.S. and Japan , but it 's Chinese tourists that the town is trying to attract in larger numbers . An increasing number of chartered trains bringing in groups from Chengdu and further afield attest to the success of the local campaign sign-posting the railway as "  a living fossil of the Industrial Revolution . " Along with the industrial heritage appeal , Bagou is attracting tourists interested in the social history aspect of a town that has been frozen in time . Cultural Revolution artwork and slogans that adorn many buildings have been repainted and the original "  Mao stage , " where only 40 years ago "  struggle sessions " viciously humiliated supposed class enemies , has been authentically restored . The Jiayang Railway makes a fascinating addition to the well-established local itinerary of Emei Mountain and Leshan Big Buddha . With outstanding hiking opportunities in the bamboo-covered hills that surround the line , fresh , fiery and delicious Sichuan food and accommodation at RMB 50-100 per night it also makes for an ideal weekend excursion from Chengdu . More on CNN : CNNGo TV in Chengdu Essential info To get to the train line , take a taxi from downtown Chengdu to Shiyang bus station for RMB 25 and purchase a ticket to Qianwei for RMB 68 . Buses run every hour and the journey takes approximately two hours . Once in Qianwei town take a local bus , taxi or motorbike taxi  RMB 50  to either Shibanxi -- the true beginning of the line -- or Yuejin , where the tourist trains commence . It 's possible to hike the entire length and attendants are on hand to say when it 's safe to pass through each of the six tunnels . Accommodation is available en route but it 's easiest to find in Bagou . A local guesthouse will cost in the region of RMB 50-60 per night and a room in the new station hotel is RMB 100 . Visitors arriving in Shanghai can take the 431 kmh  267 mph  Maglev to begin their China experience on the world 's fastest train . The contrast between this and the Jiayang trains trundling along at 30 kph perfectly encapsulates the divide between old and new and rural and urban that so marks modern China . More on CNN : Welcome to the most creative restaurant in China	China 's Jiayang Railway offers spectacular mountain scenery and a window into the Industrial Revolution Trains headed for the coal town of Bagou are powered by one of six working steam engines Buildings next to the platform at Huangcun , the final stop , are covered in Cultural Revolution slogans and artwork
Turkey 's main airline is banning certain shades of lipstick and nail polish among flight attendants . And the cabin crew is not happy about it . Outrage spilled into social media , sparking newspapers columns and a movement after Turkish Airlines announced the new dress code this week . The dress code calls for plain makeup in pastel colors . "  Red , dark pink and similar colors of lipstick and nail polish that are not in the current uniforms breaks up visual coherence , " the airline statement said . Critics of the new dress code have taken to Twitter and Facebook to voice their outrage . A columnist with the nation 's Daily Hurriyet urged women to send in photos of themselves in red lipstick , dubbing it the "  Red Lipstick Movement . " The airline is Turkey 's national flag carrier , and though recently privatized , it is 49 % government-owned . Turkey 's culture wars pitting the pious Muslim elite against the old guard secularists have played out recently in a debate over the airline 's policies . Many who fear encroaching conservative values point to steps Turkish Airlines has taken in recent months , especially restricting the appearance of its female cabin crew . Last month , when photos of new uniforms being considered for the airline were leaked on social media , many criticized the more conservative trend , which featured longer hemlines and more traditional necklines . Another set of recent guidelines prohibited flight attendants from having platinum blond hair as well as certain shades of red dye . The airline also made headlines last month when it banned alcohol service on a majority of domestic flights , citing low demand . It also stopped serving alcohol on eight international flights at the request of the host countries , it said .	Critics take to social media to voice outrage over new dress code The airline is Turkey 's national flag carrier Turkey 's culture pits Muslim elite against the old guard secularists
CNN  -- The pronouncement by the Roman Catholic Church at its extraordinary synod that "  homosexuals have gifts and qualities to offer to the Christian community " has left many pondering if this is a turning point for the LGBTI debate . I suggest that this is not a turning point particularly for the African Catholic community , but rather the start of an openness in debate that will take a long time to change the Church 's doctrinal teaching . In a deeply conservative Church that has for a long time viewed homosexuality as "  an intrinsically disordered , contrary to natural law and can not be approved under any circumstances , " it will take more than a Synod statement to arrive at a turning point on the subject of homosexuality . A change in the doctrinal teaching/catechism of the church will take a long time and protracted debate in the Catholic community . Pope Francis ' papacy has been heavy on symbolism and rhetoric on previously sidelined  and contentious  social justice issues but the jury is still out over whether he will take concrete steps to change the position of the Church on these issues . In July this year during a flight back to Rome from Rio de Janeiro after World Youth Day celebrations , Pope Francis responded to questions about the Vatican 's alleged gay lobby , by saying : "  If a person is gay and seeks God and has good will , who am I to judge him ? " signaling an embrace of homosexuality into the Catholic commune . But these pronouncement certainly do not bring the concrete steps to require a shift in position . There are reasons that explain why the excitement about the apparent change of tone must be tempered . Firstly , the document is only but a preliminary , not final report . It is a summary of closed door debate between the Pope and the prelates . The document is a working document . It is not a papal decree or a doctrinal position . It is only indicative of the issues that were discussed in the closed door meeting . That the Synod have been open about their internal debate is admirable and must be lauded . But it will require much more than pronouncements to qualify as a critical departure from the Church 's position on homosexuality . In its conclusion , the 12-page document notes that the reflections "  are intended to raise questions and indicate perspectives that will have to be matured and made clearer by the reflection of the local Churches . " Opinions of local churches that are to reflect on this matter are still in sharp contrast with those being expressed in the Vatican especially in Africa . It will also be a tall order to change the hearts and minds of the vast majority of African Catholics . In Uganda for instance , the Catholic Archbishop Kizito Lwanga is one of the leading proponents of the re-tabling of the country 's expunged anti-homosexuality act , a controversial law that criminalized homosexuality provided for life imprisonment for same sex relations . It is unclear if such leaders will warm up to the changed tone from the Pope and the Vatican . If recent debates among Christians on the African continent is anything to go by , the turning point will be much more difficult to reach . The pronouncement sets the parameters for reflection in the form of questions . These questions challenge the church to reflect on whether it can guarantee homosexuals a fraternal space while re-echoing the long-held catechism on the subject . The world is desperate for new grounds to be broken . The optimism is therefore understandable but we all must receive the pronouncements with caution . Lessons must be taken from the fall-out in the Anglican Church between the global North and South arising from the ordination of openly gay bishops . It will not helpful if this debate only drives further apart rather than unites the Church . This will require patience , and a balancing of the diversities within the Church . The document , while sounding embracing of persons of different sexualities and children living in such relations , really restates the long-held position of the Church in many respects about homosexuality . So it is important not to get ahead of ourselves about this minimal but important tone . The drive to push the Church must be not only tolerant and accepting of sexual minorities but an ongoing effort . We must edge the Church along and ensure the momentum is not lost . READ : Uganda 's religious leaders on homosexuality	Pronouncement by Catholic Church on homosexuals leaves many asking what it means Nicholas Opiyo : This is start of long debate to change Church 's doctrinal teaching Jury out over whether Pope will actually change position of Church on these issues - Opiyo It will be tall order to change hearts and minds of most African Catholics , he adds
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- Proclaiming "  I am a soldier for the Cuban revolution , " a Cuban intelligence agent said Friday he has no regrets about the spying that landed him in U.S. prisons for more than a decade . "  I felt that it was the right thing to do , " Ren Gonzlez said during a press conference in Havana . Gonzlez was a member of the so-called "  Cuban Five , " a network of agents in South Florida that the Cuban government said was gathering intelligence to prevent terrorist attacks against Cuba . U.S. federal prosecutors called the network a dangerous undercover spy cell . The men were convicted in 2001 and ever since have been the focus of an international campaign by Cuban officials to free them . Gonzlez was released from prison in October 2011 but was required to serve three years probation in the United States . Last week , however , U.S. Judge Joan Lenard ruled that if Gonzlez , who had already been allowed to temporarily return to Cuba for his father 's funeral , could stay there provided he renounce his U.S. citizenship . In her ruling Lenard wrote that federal prosecutors had said Gonzlez would be less of a security risk to the United States if he returned to Cuba . Previously , prosecutors had argued that Gonzlez should not be allowed to go back to Cuba . On Friday , Gonzalez showed off a certificate issued by the U.S. State Department that confirmed he had renounced his U.S. citizenship . Despite the reversal by federal authorities , Gonzlez said his early return to Cuba did not demonstrate a thawing of U.S.-Cuba relations . "  This was no humanitarian gesture , " he said . "  This was a decision we forced the U.S. government to take . The only option they had was to look worse . " Gonzlez 's comments did not bode well for jailed U.S. State Department contractor Alan Gross , who was sentenced in 2011 to a 15-year prison for importing banned communications equipment to Cuba . Last year , Cuban officials said Gross might be freed if the United States made a "  humanitarian gesture " and agreed to negotiations over the five imprisoned Cuban agents . U.S. officials have dismissed the possibility of talks , saying Gross did not spy against Cuba . Born in the United States to pro-Castro Cuban parents , Gonzlez returned with them to Cuba where he became an experienced pilot . Gonzlez said before leaving for the United States , he was told by government officials that he could still back out of the mission . "  I was told first of all that it was a voluntary assignment , " he said . "  No one forced me in any way . I felt that it was the right thing to do . " Gonzlez later flew with the Cuban exile group Brothers to the Rescue , which scoured the Florida Straits by small plane looking for Cuban rafters . In 1996 , four members of the group were killed after their planes were shot down by Cuban military aircraft as the group 's planes flew towards the island to drop anti-government leaflets . Federal prosecutors argued that information supplied by the Cuban Five agents assisted in the downing of the planes . "  Some times when I would fly with them and they would manifest their resentment , " Gonzlez said Friday . "  I would daydream to myself that I was the first Cubana  Airlines  pilot to land a plane in the United States . " Gonzlez said he will now dedicate himself to bringing back to Cuba the four other still-incarcerated agents .	Ren Gonzlez spent years in U.S. prisons after being convicted in 2001 He was a member of the so-called "  Cuban Five " network of Cuban agents Now back in Havana , he has renounced his U.S. citizenship as a U.S. judge required "  I am a soldier for the Cuban revolution , " Gonzlez declares at a news conference
CNN  -- The more familiar something looks , the less threatening it seems . This is why images of funny-looking college students marching up Broadway or shirtless boys banging on drums comprise the bulk of the imagery we see of the Occupy Wall Street movement . Stockbrokers look on , police man the barricades and what appears to be a traditional protest movement carries on another day , week or month . But Occupy is anything but a protest movement . That 's why it has been so hard for news agencies to express or even discern the "  demands " of the growing legions of Occupy participants around the nation , and even the world . Just like pretty much everyone else on the planet , occupiers may want many things to happen and other things to stop , but the occupation is not about making demands . They do n't want anything from you , and there is nothing you can do to make them stop . That 's what makes Occupy so very scary and so very promising . It is not a protest , but a prototype for a new way of living . Now do n't get me wrong . The occupiers are not proposing a world in which we all live outside on pavement and sleep under tarps . Most of us do not have the courage , stamina or fortitude to work as hard as these people are working , anyway .  Yes , they work hard .  The urban survival camps they are setting up around the world are a bit more like showpieces , congresses and "  beta " tests of ideas and behaviors the rest of us may soon be implementing in our communities , and in our own ways . The occupiers are actually forging a robust micro-society of working groups , each one developing new approaches -- or reviving old approaches -- to long-running problems . In just one example , Occupy 's General Assembly is a new , highly flexible approach to group discussion and consensus building . Unlike parliamentary rules that promote debate , difference and decision , the General Assembly forges consensus by "  stacking " ideas and objections much in the fashion that computer programmers "  stack " features . The whole thing is orchestrated through simple hand gestures  think commodities exchange  . Elements in the stack are prioritized , and everyone gets a chance to speak . Even after votes , exceptions and objections are incorporated as amendments . This is just one reason why occupiers seem incompatible with current ideas about policy demands or right vs. left . They are not interested in debate  or what Enlightenment philosophers called "  dialectic "  but consensus . They are working to upgrade that binary , winner-takes-all , 13th century political operating system . And like any software developer , they are learning to "  release early and release often . " Likewise , occupiers have embraced the Internet access solutions of the Free Network Foundation , who have erected "  Freedom Towers " at the Occupy sites in New York , Austin and elsewhere through which people can access free , uncensored , authenticated Wi-Fi . As this technology scales to our own communities , what happens to corporate Internet service providers is anyone 's guess . The occupiers have formed working groups to take on myriad social and economic issues , and their many occupation sites serve to test the approaches they come up with . One group is developing a complementary currency for use , initially , within the network of Occupy communities . Its efficacy will be tested and strengthened by occupiers providing one another with goods and services before it is rolled out to the world at large . Another working group is pushing to have people withdraw their money from large corporate banks on November 5 and move it instead to local banks or cooperatively owned credit unions . Whether or not we agree that anything at all in modern society needs to be changed , we must at least come to understand that the occupiers are not just another political movement , nor are they simply lazy kids looking for an excuse not to work . Rather , they see the futility of attempting to use the tools of a competitive , winner-takes-all society for purposes that might better be served through the tools of mutual aid . This is not a game that someone wins , but rather a form of play that is successful the more people get to play , and the longer the game is kept going . They will succeed to the extent that the various models they are prototyping out on the pavement trickle up to those of us working on solutions from the comfort of our heated homes and offices . For as we come to embrace or even consider options such as local production and commerce , credit unions , unfettered access to communications technology and consensus-based democracy , we become occupiers ourselves . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Occupy Wall Street not protest as much as protoype for new way of living He says Occupy 's camps are hardworking congresses with consensus-building approach He says they can beta test ideas on issues such as a complementary currency Rushkoff : When we begin to considers Occupy 's ideas , we become "  occupiers " ourselves
Dolo , Somalia  CNN  -- The World Bank has pledged more than $ 500 million for famine victims in Somalia as the United Nations met in emergency session Monday to address the aid response in Somalia , the hardest-hit nation in the region . "  Immediate relief and recovery is the first priority , and it is important to act fast to reduce human suffering , " World Bank President Robert B. Zoellick said in a news release . Also Monday , representatives of 191 member countries of the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization met in Rome to devise a plan to head off the imminent food crisis , which the UN has said is affecting more than 12 million people . Two regions in southern Somalia are suffering famine . "  World leaders have no excuses for not generously responding , " Oxfam Chief Executive Barbara Stocking said in a statement . "  This should not be happening . It is a colossal outrage that the warnings went unheeded , that the lessons of previous famines have been ignored . Yes , we need to save lives today , but we also need to ensure that people have a future . Above all , we need to build a global food system that allows everyone enough to eat . " But such efforts will take time to translate into aid on the ground for the many people in Somalia whose needs are immediate . In Dolo , across the border from Ethiopia , World Food Program workers were registering women and children Monday in a rocky square in this dusty town dotted with thorn bushes . In a visit Monday by CNN , no one appeared to be receiving aid , and no one was receiving medical help -- they were just getting registered . Aid officials said they hoped to get food to areas in need in the coming days . They said that some people who had fled across the border into neighboring Ethiopia or Kenya were returning after hearing that distribution was set to begin soon . At a second registration point nearby , neat lines of women , their children and grandchildren also waited to get registered . Mixed with the town 's residents were people who had fled from other parts of the country in search of aid . Children were drinking water from an oil drum perched atop a donkey . CNN 's journalists reached the town by driving in a convoy protected by armed militia members aligned with the government . The militant Islamist group Al-Shabaab , which has sworn allegiance to al Qaeda and is designated a terrorist group by the United States , is less than 50 miles away and could easily move into this area if they wished , according to UN security officials on the scene . Al-Shabaab has reversed a pledge to allow foreign aid agencies to operate in famine-struck regions in the nation . The group originally banned the aid agencies from areas under its control in 2009 , describing them as Western spies and Christian crusaders . "  We are building up in Mogadishu , where we are reaching up to 300,000 people , " Josette Sheeran , executive director of the World Food Program , said about the violence-ravaged capital . "  But the World Food Program has lost 14 people since 2008 , just trying to get kids food . It 's dangerous , and it 's risky , and we are committed to going to where the people need the most . " The World Food Program has airlifted supplies to Dolo , which borders Ethiopia . "  One thing that is important is to get the supplementary nutritional foods to these children , because children get very weak quickly on these treks , " Sheeran said . The International Committee of the Red Cross said operating in the nation is a challenge . "  We have teams deployed throughout the country , " said Yves van Loo , a spokesman for the Red Cross . "  Logistically , it is very complex to operate in Somalia . " More funds are needed to expand aid , the spokesman said . "  We are covering most of the most vulnerable people in the areas we reach , but more needs to be done , " he said . "  If we can get more money , we can do it . " He said the ICRC was continuing to operate throughout Somalia , as it has for the past 20 years , without encountering problems with Al-Shabaab . "  We are deployed in all provinces , while most of the organizations have just a few spots , " he said . The World Bank announced Monday that it is providing more than $ 500 million to assist drought victims and $ 12 million in immediate aid to the hardest-hit areas . The drought has led to starvation and the loss of crops and livestock . Food prices have nearly tripled in some areas since last year , worsening the crisis . The funds will go toward battling the worst drought in 60 years in Horn of African nations , including Ethiopia , Kenya and Djibouti , the World Bank said . The pledge comes as international aid groups warned that most Somalis have no access to food , and failure to reach them puts children most at risk as their parents trek for days in search of help . "  Women have been telling us throughout the area that they 've had to leave children along the road who ca n't make it , who are too weak to make it and have died along the way , " Sheeran said . As the crisis escalates , relief agencies are scrambling to find ways to deliver supplements to areas that are hardest-hit . About 60 % of the Somali population is not getting aid , Sheeran said . Aid groups are hoping to reach Somalis in the country before they flee to overcrowded camps in Kenya and Ethiopia for help . "  When children have to move long distances , their bodies deteriorate very quickly , " Sheeran said . "  For children under 5 years old , their bodies and brains ca n't grow normally . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : In Dolo , people are getting registered but the aid had not yet arrived The World Bank will provide more than $ 500 million for famine victims The United Nations plans to hold an emergency meeting Monday in Rome The meeting will address the famine and the emergency response in Somalia
CNN  -- The situation along the U.S. southern border is complicated . There are no easy answers to the problem of thousands of desperate children , many unaccompanied minors , fleeing chaos , violence and governmental collapse in Central America . Yet seeing some of my fellow Americans jeering busloads of frightened children and hearing commentators dismiss these children as someone else 's problem has left me wondering exactly what kind of country we have turned into , and how quickly we forget our own history . My grandfather arrived on Ellis Island in 1907 as an unaccompanied 9-year-old from an impoverished small town in what is now Belarus . The situation he fled was probably less dire than that of many of the Central Americans arriving today . But it was bad enough . His father had died . His widowed mother 's only alternative to destitution was a quick remarriage , but the presence of the strong-willed boy was a serious impediment to her prospects . So little Chaim was farmed out to his elderly grandmother , for whom he was clearly too much to handle . He continually ran away from home and school , sometimes for days at time . Chaim became a kind of unlikely Jewish mascot of a local gang of non-Jewish teens . With a child 's unerring instinct of how to get under the skin of his new , strictly observant stepfather , he began to eat pork with his rough companions . Decades later he would recall his days as a freedom-loving village hooligan with a mischievous grin , but it does not take much historical imagination to understand why the adults around him were terrified . Political violence , anti-Semitic pogroms , criminal gangs and violent state repression were all on the rise in the waning days of the Russian empire . In this dangerous , chaotic time , Chaim must have seemed headed for certain disaster . The local rabbi was consulted and a course of action was recommended : Send the incorrigible little delinquent off to live with his late father 's cousins in America -- a land so full of incorrigible delinquents that one more would scarcely be noticed . Chaim arrived at Ellis Island penniless and alone . Social workers kept him there until they found a cousin willing to claim him . It did n't take , however . Sixty years later he told me this cousin had a big beard and reminded him of the teachers and rabbis back in the shtetl that he had run away from in the first place . Whatever the real reason , by age 11 he had run away from the cousin , too , and was more or less on his own for good . Early days in America were not auspicious . He wandered the streets of New York 's Lower East Side and Brownsville , sleeping in a stable and working for pennies by helping out teamsters on their wagons . In his late teens he became a boxer -- never very good -- and a bouncer at a saloon . Only 5-foot-2 , he acquired the nickname of "  Little Frenchy " a tribute to a street brawler named Frenchy whose fighting style he emulated . The name stuck for the rest of his life . He did stints in orphanages and reformatories and a short one in adult jail , when he lied about his age to avoid the juvenile authorities . And yet , from this unpromising beginning , an American family sprang . After this rocky start -- Frenchy , like many thousands of other one time "  unaccompanied minors " -- eventually became a very solid American . He volunteered for the U.S. Army during World War I and became an American citizen . After the war he started a small moving business that grew to be modestly successful , employing about a dozen men . He married a U.S.-born girl whose family came from his hometown . Together they ran the business , raised two sons who later served in the U.S. military and went on to successful careers . Frenchy and his wife lived to see their grandchildren , who eventually became reasonably decent and productive Americans . And , much to the annoyance of those grandchildren , my grandparents also became knee-jerk patriots , loudly supporting all things American even at the height of the Vietnam War . Not knowing his real birthday , Frenchy always listed July 4 as his date of birth . He voted , joined civic groups and paid taxes . Indeed , one of my father 's favorite stories about my grandfather concerned a year in the late 1940s when his accountant told him that after depreciation on his trucks and various other deductions , he owed no federal tax . Frenchy would have none of it . To the accountant 's horror , he insisted on writing a check for the same amount he had paid the previous year . America had taken him in when he was a hungry , frightened child . Whatever his shortcomings , America had allowed him to prosper by the sweat of his brow . Now a successful man , he was not going to hide behind some accountant 's tricks and shirk his duty to pay his fair share . Paying his share was what a man did . It was what an American did . While he never lost his youthful distaste for organized religion , he had an almost religious belief in the essential goodness of his adopted homeland . And yes , Frenchy broke the rules and occasionally some laws to get here and survive here . If that is a contradiction , it is the kind of contradiction that animates many American lives . That is the kind of country we are , and for the most part , it 's worked out pretty well . I wonder how many people screaming at frightened children in Murrieta , California , have an ancestor with a similar story . I wonder why so many Americans have forgotten their history . And I wonder , if they are allowed to stay , what sort of Americans will the brave , resilient children on those buses someday become ?	Philip Kasinitz : Children at border a complicated problem ; some fellow Americans uncharitable He says grandfather sent to NY from Belarus in 1907 at 9 . His parents feared growing violence Chaim was penniless , scrappy , made his way on his own ; married , had kids , was patriotic Kasinitz : Chaim was a loyal , industrious citizen . Have border protesters forgotten their roots ?
Oprah.com  -- If you 've ever wanted to run away and join the circus , Beverly Sobelman -- intrepid aerial artist and midlife career changer -- can show you how . In the spring of 2003 , software developer Beverly Sobelman was 39 years old and near the top of the heap at Microsoft , sitting at conference tables with Bill Gates and "  managing people who managed people who managed people , " as she puts it . And then she quit . "  I ca n't be in another meeting where people just get yelled at , " she explained in her exit interview . Sobelman spent a few months teaching yoga and living off her savings , she says , "  but I did n't know what the next thing was going to be , which was a little scary . " One day a rock-climbing buddy mentioned a class he 'd been taking in circus aerials : the kind of midair acrobatics perfected by Cirque du Soleil . Sobelman tried a session and was instantly hooked -- even obsessed . She traveled to Melbourne , Australia , for months of training with Circus Oz and the National Institute for Circus Arts .  "  My teacher was a lovely old French lady who liked me because I was n't 20 . " Once back in Seattle , she started performing and teaching with a small troupe . "  Aerials are a way to exercise that 's fun and creative and social -- even more so than your average dance or yoga class , " she says . Beginners might get the heebie-jeebies watching Sobelman shimmy 30 feet up a silk banner to dance , spin , and tumble in thin air . But aerials can be done by people of all ages and abilities -- at least when Sobelman is your instructor . Your great idea , whose time has come "  If students ca n't manage a skill , I will find one they can do , so everyone walks out of the room feeling good , " she says . "  I get a lot of people who were traumatized in grade school because they could n't climb a rope in gym class . There have been very few people I could n't get up a rope . " By 2007 Sobelman 's classes were so popular -- particularly with women in their early 20s to mid-40s -- that she founded Versatile Arts , Seattle 's first full-time aerial studio . "  I never wanted to take the risk of starting a business , " says Sobelman , who teaches six group sessions a week and tutors students privately . "  Yet here I am . I 've accidentally created a community : People come for their classes , but they also drop by to see their friends and help each other . " How to find happiness at work She has also accidentally transformed herself . "  I used to think of myself as the person who gets stuff done , not the person who comes up with the ideas , " she explains . "  I cooked from recipes and sewed from patterns . So the first time I created a performance routine that seemed interesting and creative and graceful -- that was a revelation . Even now , when I hear a song on the radio and start thinking of choreography , or when I cook a meal based on whatever 's in the fridge , I 'm aware that I 've changed . " Oprah.com : What do you really want to do with your life ? Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM &  2010 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Beverly Sobelman became an aerial artist when she had a midlife career change Sobelman was a 39 years old software developer for Microsoft before switching She founded Versatile Arts , Seattle 's first full-time aerial studio .
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- Africa 's passenger airline industry may still be awaiting full take off but Boeing has identified the continent as a market ripe with potential . The U.S. company -- one of the world 's biggest airplane manufacturers -- has found its order book filled with an increasing number of African clients in recent years . But with airlines based on the continent still only accounting for a fraction of overall air traffic between Africa and the rest of the world , the company 's Vice President of Sales for Africa , Van Rex Gallard believes there remains plenty of room for further expansion . "  Right now the African market for the airlines is quite small , " he says . "  African airlines only have around 2 % of the total of revenues of the traffic between Africa and the rest of the world , so to me the potential is huge , " he adds . The latent "  potential " that Gallard refers to is confirmed by industry statistics and future passenger projections . According to research conducted by the International Air Transport Association  IATA  in February 2011 , Africa is now the second fastest growing region in the world in terms of commercial aviation , behind China . The Airbus Global Market Forecast published earlier this month meanwhile reported that sub-Saharan Africa alone will require at least 542 new aircraft by 2020 to meet rising passenger numbers . By providing the technology and expertise to meet these increased capacity requirements , Gallard believes that Boeing and the African airlines they provide for can jointly reap the benefits . "  We have a lot of customers in Africa and this is actually a very exciting period , " he says . "  The numbers , if everything stays the way it is right now ... without the African airlines growing faster and the way they should , it would be around 800 airplanes for the next 20 years  and  worth around 100 billion dollars , " he adds . Gallard cites airlines such as Nigeria 's Arik Air -- which recently purchased two 747-8 Passenger Airplanes , Boeing 's biggest passenger planes -- , Ethiopia Airlines , Kenya Airways and Rwanda Air as some of the companies striving to meet Africa 's burgeoning aviation and connectivity needs . But while bullish about the potential of these companies in the years to come , he remains wary of the infrastructure , political and technological challenges they must first navigate if they are to fully meet their potential . Gallard cites a lack of trained pilots , poor safety records , African governments unwilling to open their skies and foreign competitors -- particularly from the Middle East -- who can undercut the prices of African airlines , as some of his most pressing concerns . Yet in spite of these issues Gallard remains optimistic about what can be achieved if airlines , manufacturers and governments work together for the good of continent as a whole . "  Aviation ... is a machine that will develop the region , " he says . If governments and African airlines can combine their interests and meet these challenges , he adds "  they will be able to find growth and development , " across Africa , taking full "  advantage of this machine . "	Africa is one of the fastest growing regions for commercial aviation . Boeing 's Vice President for Commercial Sales says the continent 's potential is huge . African airlines face political and technological challenges in fulfilling their full potential .
SOUTH PADRE ISLAND , Texas  CNN  -- As his fishing boat , Murphy 's Law , was tossed about Wednesday in the path of Hurricane Dolly , Steven Murphy hoped to dodge the adage his vessel is named for : "  If anything can go wrong , it will . " Captain Murphy 's Fishing Charters boats sit moored Wednesday at South Padre Island , Texas . Murphy , owner of Captain Murphy 's Fishing Charters , was riding out the storm in the 65-foot double-decker boat tethered to a pier at South Padre Island , Texas , just north of Brownsville . "  I do n't know if you can hear that wind , but it 's really blowing . It 's like a tornado , " he said . "  It 's starting to tear it up real good . " Dolly strengthened into a Category 2 storm Wednesday with 100-mph winds as it lashed the south Texas-Mexico border , sending residents and military personnel scurrying for safety and forcing people on South Padre Island to hunker down to wait it out . Watch Dolly pound South Padre " The hurricane was reclassified to a Category 1 at midafternoon , not long after its eye came ashore at South Padre Island . Forecasters said its winds had decreased to about 95 mph . "  It 's probably not the best decision to ride it out , " said Murphy , 41 , but he said he felt that he did n't have a lot of choice.iReport.com : Murphy 's Law striking Murphy 's Law ? Only one shipyard in the area can pull a boat such as his out of the water , he said , and there are more boats than there are spaces , "  so you pretty much have to man it . " See the projected path of the storm " The charter company is a family business , and Murphy has been working on boats since he was 9 . He said his brother was in a boat anchored next to Murphy 's Law . He was alone because his deckhands left . View photos from the storm zone " Murphy was accompanied by his girlfriend , Lisa Graves , and the captain of the company 's third boat , which had been hauled out of the water . "  When they told us about the hurricane , they said 80 mph max , " Murphy said . A Category 1 storm has winds of 74 mph to 95 mph ; a Category 2 storm has winds between 96 mph to 110 mph . Learn about hurricane mechanics " "  It 's absolutely outrageous here . The winds are high . ... I ca n't describe it , " Graves said . "  In all my life , I 've never seen anything like this . iReport.com : See another iReporter 's footage from Brownsville , Texas "  We 've had a sailboat that broke off the docks across the way and got caught up on our bows . We had to run out and cut the anchor line . " Before the storm 's eye hit South Padre Island , Murphy said things had n't been too bad . iReport.com : Tree knocked down by storm "  If this is it , this is n't all that bad , -LSB- but -RSB- it probably was n't the wisest thing , " he said .	Fishing boat operator endures Hurricane Dolly aboard 65-foot vessel Boat moored at South Padre Island , Texas , pier as storm hits "  It 's probably not the best decision , " Captain Steven Murphy admits One of his company 's three charter boats was pulled safely from water
NAIROBI , Kenya  Reuters  -- Ogaden rebels warned of a looming "  man-made famine " in Ethiopia 's remote area bordering Somalia and called on Monday for a U.N. investigation into accusations the government was blocking food aid to the region . On Sunday , a New York Times report quoted Western diplomats and relief officials as saying Ethiopia 's government was blockading emergency food aid and choking off trade to Ogaden . The Ogaden National Liberation Front , which is seeking more autonomy for its homeland but which Addis Ababa says it is a terrorist group bankrolled by Eritrea , called for a U.N. fact-finding mission . "  The ONLF wishes to affirm to the international community that if there is no immediate intervention in the humanitarian catastrophe unfolding in Ogaden , there will be a man-made famine created by the current regime of Meles Zenawi , " the ONLF said in a statement . Ethiopian government officials were not immediately available to comment . On Monday , the ONLF said Prime Minister Meles Zenawi 's administration was engaged in a systematic and deliberate campaign of violence against its people . "  These war crimes include diverting humanitarian assistance for use by the regime 's armed forces ... deliberate burning of villages , arbitrary arrests , extrajudicial killings , torture , a blockade on food aid as well as other commercial goods and other forms of collective punishment , " the ONLF said in a statement . "  The United Nations bears a particular responsibility to investigate war crimes in Ogaden given recent reports that its humanitarian assistance is deliberately being diverted to armed forces and militias responsible for these war crimes , " it said . The ONLF itself has been accused of carrying out atrocities , including an April raid on a Chinese-run oil field in which 74 people were killed and seven Chinese workers taken hostage . They were later freed but in the wake of the attack , Meles announced a crackdown on the rebels . It is difficult to get independent information out of the desolate region , which is ethnically Somali . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Rebels call for a U.N. investigation into alleged government blocking of food aid The Ogaden National Liberation Front says "  man-made famine " being created ONLF is considered a terrorist group by Addis Ababa
CNN  -- Sen. Marco Rubio was ready for his close-up , and he got it . Now you know what all the fuss is about . Rubio , a rising star and possible 2016 GOP presidential hopeful , was picked to deliver the official Republican response to President Obama 's State of the Union Address . The selection tells you a lot about what the Republican Party has in store for Rubio , and what this 41-year-old son of Cuban immigrants can do for a party that needs to become more user-friendly for Latinos . His remarks were also delivered in Spanish . Rubio 's delivery was solid , his voice strong , and his passion unmistakable . The senator from Florida is an excellent communicator whose life experience -- as the son of a bartender and hotel maid who worked hard so their children could get ahead -- is easy for many Americans to connect with . In the Republican Party , there are the multimillionaires -- and then there is Marco . And the message that Rubio sought to communicate Tuesday night -- about how making America prosperous comes from growing the middle class , expanding opportunity and protecting economic freedom , and not from increasing the footprint of government -- came through loud and clear . LZ Granderson : Rubio missed the year of the woman Rubio knows that the Republican Party has a reputation as the party of the rich . That happens when you nominate as your party 's presidential candidate someone worth $ 250 million . So he had this message for Obama : "  Mr. President , I still live in the same working-class neighborhood I grew up in . My neighbors are n't millionaires . They 're retirees who depend on Social Security and Medicare . They 're workers who have to get up early tomorrow morning and go to work to pay the bills . They 're immigrants , who came here because they were stuck in poverty in countries where the government dominated the economy . The tax increases and the deficit spending you propose will hurt middle-class families . It will cost them their raises . It will cost them their benefits . It may even cost some of them their jobs . And it will hurt seniors because it does nothing to save Medicare and Social Security . So Mr. President , I do n't oppose your plans because I want to protect the rich . I oppose your plans because I want to protect my neighbors . " That is the sweet spot . Rubio understands that the best hope of the Republican Party is for it to establish itself as the party not of the rich , but of those who aspire to one day be rich . And speaking of immigrants , Rubio already has one accomplishment in that arena -- albeit an indirect one . Obama 's supporters like to tout his announcement last June that his administration would offer young illegal immigrants who were brought to the United States as children the chance to avoid deportation by applying for deferred action and a temporary work permit . What they forget to mention is that the only reason that Obama did this was because Rubio was working on a bill that would have offered this group of young people permanent relief by giving them legal status . GOP 's Rubio rips Obama Now Rubio is part of a bipartisan group of senators , the "  group of eight , " that wants to tackle immigration reform by , among other things , offering the undocumented an earned pathway to citizenship . It 's not something that Rubio -- who used to have the support of the tea party but no longer appears to , at least on immigration -- would have considered a few years ago . This is a kinder and gentler Marco , and also a wiser one . When he entered the Senate , he expressed support for the ghastly immigration law in Arizona , which has served as a recipe for racial profiling of Latinos . He also opposed the DREAM Act , which would have offered legal status to young illegal immigrants who went to college or joined the military . But in January 2012 , I saw Rubio give a speech in Miami that gave me hope that he was coming around . He talked about how the Republican Party could not just be the party that opposed illegal immigration but also had to be the party that encouraged legal immigration . And he acknowledged something that too few Republicans have the guts to admit -- that there are those in their party whose tone , on this issue , is much too mean and intolerant and divisive for their own good . Talk Back : Is giving the State of the Union response a political ` kiss of death ' ? Honestly , I do n't know how much of this is real and how much has been manufactured by Team Rubio in advance of a possible run at the presidency . On immigration , there is a long list of politicians -- in both parties -- who have undergone extreme makeovers . Obama has been on multiple sides of the issue , deporting DREAMers one minute and offering them a reprieve the next . Rubio would n't be the first to change his tune . Overall , Rubio established himself as a force to be reckoned with , in the Republican Party and beyond . His detractors -- most of them loyal Democrats and Obama supporters -- were anxious to find fault with his remarks , but he gave them little to work with . There was that one awkward moment near the end where Rubio , his voice cracking and his throat dry , quickly reached for a bottle of water . Social media lit up . His critics joked that the gesture was such a terrible distraction that Americans should just ignore the whole speech . Really ? The water did n't bother me . But Rubio 's remarks did make me thirsty for new leadership in the White House . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Marco Rubio presented GOP response to Obama 's State of the Union Ruben Navarrette : Rubio came across positively , appealing to broad range of people He says Rubio counters the argument that the GOP is the party of the wealthy Navarrette : How much of Rubio 's switch on immigration is real ?
CNN  -- Diplomats edged closer to finding a way to end the fighting in Gaza on Friday as the United States and Israel signed an agreement designed to stop arms smuggling into the Palestinian territory . Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni says European nations and NATO will be helping with anti-smuggling efforts . U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni signed a memorandum of understanding that calls for an international effort to stem the flow of weaponry and explosives . The agreement outlines a plan to share information and provide technical assistance to stop the smuggling of arms to the militants . The meeting in Washington was one of several diplomatic moves afoot to end the fighting between Israel and Hamas in Gaza . The diplomatic moves came as Israel 's offensive against Hamas militants continued , with Israeli airstrikes pounding the northern and southern sections of Gaza . Watch more on the latest fighting in Gaza " U.S. and Israeli diplomats said the agreement includes intelligence coordination to prevent arms from Iran from entering Gaza , maritime efforts to identify ships carrying weaponry , and the sharing of U.S. and European technologies to discover and prevent the use of weapons-smuggling tunnels . Rice said the steps spelled out in the memorandum will "  stem the flow of weapons and explosives into Gaza . " "  The United States is reaching out to its partners as well . Together , the steps that we and other members of the international community can take will contribute to a durable cease-fire , " said Rice , noting that "  there must be an international consensus that Gaza never be used as a launching pad against Israeli cities . " Livni said that ending the fighting in Gaza wo n't be "  achieved by agreements with terror , but with effective arrangements against it " -- a unified effort by the international community . She said a "  durable " end to hostilities requires a stop to weapons smuggling into Gaza . "  We have agreed on a series of actions with regional and international players in order to complement Egyptian actions and end the flow of weapons to Gaza , " Livni said . She said European nations and NATO would be helping with the anti-smuggling efforts . The Bush administration has been consulting with the Barack Obama team about the memorandum of understanding and efforts to forge a cease-fire . Rice has spoken with President-elect Obama , incoming Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and incoming National Security Adviser James Jones . Israel on Thursday dispatched senior Defense Ministry official Amos Gilad to Cairo to discuss a cease-fire proposal , and Gilad was continuing talks in Cairo . A Hamas delegation is also in the Egyptian capital , talking with leaders there who are trying to hammer out a temporary truce . Egypt has hosted peace talks with leaders from Israel and the Palestinian Authority , and has acted as an intermediary between Hamas and Israel . Arab and regional diplomats and leaders also have been meeting to deal with the crisis , but there is no unified Arab stand . The state of Qatar held an emergency summit Friday in an attempt to find a unified Arab voice on Gaza . The meeting brought together some regional leaders , including the presidents of Iran and Syria and the leader of Hamas , Khaled Meshaal . Egypt , Saudi Arabia , Kuwait and the Palestinian Authority were not in attendance . They plan to attend the regular annual Arab League summit scheduled for next week in Kuwait devoted to Gaza . Arab League foreign ministers were meeting in Kuwait City on Friday and were planning the groundwork for next week 's meeting . Six members of the Gulf Cooperation Council -- Saudi Arabia , Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar and the United Arab Emirates -- focused on Gaza at their emergency summit Thursday in Riyadh . Also , U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon continued his trip through the region as part of the diplomatic effort to secure a truce . He has called for an immediate cease-fire between Hamas and Israel and said he is encouraged that the Egyptian government is trying to broker a truce . He met with Israeli officials Thursday and condemned an Israeli strike that damaged the U.N. Relief and Works Agency 's compound in Gaza City , sparked a massive fire and injured three people . Once the fighting stops , the two sides can "  discuss how to make this cease-fire durable and sustainable , " he said . CNN 's Elise Labott and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report	Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice meet Agreement reached on measures to stop flow of Hamas weapons Arms smuggling is a key issue for Israel ahead of any cease-fire Israeli airstrikes continue to pound northern and southern sections of Gaza
MODESTO , California  CNN  -- The photograph became an icon of the Great Depression : a migrant mother with her children burying their faces in her shoulder . Katherine McIntosh was 4 years old when the photo was snapped . She said it brought shame -- and determination -- to her family . Katherine McIntosh holds the photograph taken with her mother in 1936 . "  I wanted to make sure I never lived like that again , " says McIntosh , who turns 77 on Saturday . "  We all worked hard and we all had good jobs and we all stayed with it . When we got a home , we stayed with it . " McIntosh is the girl to the left of her mother when you look at the photograph . The picture is best known as "  Migrant Mother , " a black-and-white photo taken in February or March 1936 by Dorothea Lange of Florence Owens Thompson , then 32 , and her children . Lange was traveling through Nipomo , California , taking photographs of migrant farm workers for the Resettlement Administration . At the time , Thompson had seven children who worked with her in the fields . See Lange 's photos of the migrant family " "  She asked my mother if she could take her picture -- that ... her name would never be published , but it was to help the people in the plight that we were all in , the hard times , " McIntosh says . "  So mother let her take the picture , because she thought it would help . " Watch a Depression-era daughter 's recollections " The next morning , the photo was printed in a local paper , but by then the family had already moved on to another farm , McIntosh says . "  The picture came out in the paper to show the people what hard times was . People was starving in that camp . There was no food , " she says . "  We were ashamed of it . We did n't want no one to know who we were . " The photograph helped define the Great Depression , yet McIntosh says her mom did n't let it define her , although the picture "  was always talked about in our family . " "  It always stayed with her . She always wanted a better life , you know . " Her mother , she says , was a "  very strong lady " who liked to have a good time and listen to music , especially the yodeler named Montana Slim . She laughs when she recalls her brothers bringing home a skinny greyhound pooch . "  Mom , Montana Slim is outside , " they said . Thompson rushed outside . The boys chuckled . They had named the dog after her favorite musician . "  She was the backbone of our family , " McIntosh says of her mom . "  We never had a lot , but she always made sure we had something . She did n't eat sometimes , but she made sure us children ate . That 's one thing she did do . " Her memories of her youth are filled with about 50 percent good times , 50 percent hard times . It was nearly impossible to get an education . Children worked the fields with their parents . As soon as they 'd get settled at a school , it was time to pick up and move again . Her mom would put newborns in cotton sacks and pull them along as she picked cotton . The older kids would stay in front , so mom could keep a close eye on them . "  We would pick the cotton and pile it up in front of her , and she 'd come along and pick it up and put it in her sack , " McIntosh says . Watch "  we would go home and cry " " They lived in tents or in a car . Local kids would tease them , telling them to clean up and bathe . "  They 'd tell you , ` Go home and take a bath . ' You could n't very well take a bath when you 're out in a car -LSB- with -RSB- nowhere to go . " She adds , "  We 'd go home and cry . " McIntosh now cleans homes in the Modesto , California , area . She 's proud of the living she 's been able to make -- that she has a roof over her head and has been able to maintain a job all these years . She says her obsession to keep things clean started in her youth when her chore was to keep the family tent clean . There were two white sheets that she cleaned each day . "  Even today , when it comes to cleaning , I make sure things are clean . I ca n't stand dirty things , " she says with a laugh . With the nation sinking into tough economic times and analysts saying the current economic crisis is the worst since the Great Depression , McIntosh says if there 's a lesson to be learned from her experience it is to save your money and do n't overextend yourself . iReport : Are you worried about losing your job ? "  People live from paycheck to paycheck , even people making good money , " she says . "  Do your best to make sure it does n't happen again . Elect the people you think is going to do you good . " Her message for President-elect Barack Obama is simple : "  Think of the middle-class people . " She says she 'll never forget the lessons of her hard-working mother , who died at the age of 80 in 1983 . Her gravestone says : "  Migrant Mother : A Legend of the strength of American motherhood . " "  She was very strict , but very loving and caring . She cared for us all , " McIntosh says . CNN 's Traci Tamura and Gregg Canes contributed to this report .	Dorothea Lange snapped iconic Great Depression photo of "  Migrant Mother " in 1936 Daughter in photo says it brought shame and determination to her family "  I wanted to make sure I never lived like that again , " Katherine McIntosh says McIntosh says her mom , Florence Owens Thompson , was "  backbone of our family "
CNN  -- Justin Rose will take a two-shot lead into the final round of the Abu Dhabi Golf Championship after posting a four-under par 68 on Saturday . With Rory McIlroy and Tiger Woods fluffing shots  and their lines  on Friday , it was left to the Englishman to take center stage at the Abu Dhabi Golf Course with another impressive display of ball-striking . Nike unveils Rory McIlroy : Tiger 's heir apparent After bogeying the opening hole , Rose quickly made amends picking up five shots in six holes to reach the turn in 32 . Another birdie at the par three 12th saw Rose temporarily move four strokes clear of the field before dropped shots at the 13th and 17th checked his progress . But a birdie at the final hole ensured the 32-year-old finished two clear on 12-under par . "  I played really , really well today . Every time I had the club in the hand I was telling the guys outside that I felt like I was going to hit a good shot and that 's not always the case , " Rose said . Blog : New Nike star poised to strike "  It snuck up on me . I think that 's when you play your best golf , when you are not at all aware of how well you are going , " he added . Rose , who is looking to claim a sixth European Tour title , is two shots clear of Denmark 's Thorbjorn Olesen and Jamie Donaldson of Wales -- both men posting rounds of 69 on Saturday . How player power tipped Ryder Cup captaincy Thailand 's Thongchai Jaidee fired a six-under par round of 66 to leave him in fourth on nine-under par with England 's David Howell  68  , Scotland 's Richie Ramsay  67  and Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano of Spain  71  one shot further back . A seven-under par round of 65 helped Australia 's Andrew Dodt jump 28 places up the leaderboard into a tie for eighth place on seven-under with Portugal 's Ricardo Santos  66  and Kiwi Michael Campbell  69  .	Justin Rose two clear at the top of the leaderboard with one round left to play in Abu Dhabi Denmark 's Thorbjorn Olesen and Jamie Donaldson of Wales tied for second
CNN  -- A jury in Manhattan found the son of Brooke Astor and one of his lawyers guilty Thursday of scheming to bilk millions of dollars from the late philanthropist 's estate . Anthony Marshall was convicted of bilking millions of dollars from the estate of his mother , Brooke Astor . The verdict , returned on the 12th day of deliberation , ended a six-month trial that featured as witnesses a Who 's Who of New York 's social elite . Anthony Marshall showed no visible reaction as he was found guilty of 14 of the 16 counts against him . His wife , Charlene , who many believed fanned his greed and instigated his mistreatment of his elderly mother , also did not seem to react . Marshall was convicted of the most serious charges -- first-degree grand larceny and scheming to defraud . One of the most serious convictions involved Marshall giving himself a $ 1 million-a-year raise for handling his mother 's affairs , said Assistant District Attorney Joel Seidemann . Marshall 's former lawyer , Francis Morrissey , was convicted of all five counts against him , including forgery and scheming to defraud Astor . Watch Marshall 's attorney vow to appeal " "  These defendants , two morally depraved individuals , preyed on a physically and mentally ill 101-year-old woman to steal millions of dollars -- dollars that she had intended to go to help the lives of ordinary New Yorkers , " Seidemann said , echoing his closing argument to the jury . Astor , who had Alzheimer 's disease , was 105 when she died in August 2007 . The prosecution called nearly 70 witnesses -- Henry Kissinger , Graydon Carter , Barbara Walters , Vartan Gregorian and Annette de la Renta among them . Prosecutor Seidemann called the case "  disturbing , " and said the trial told the story of "  how a son , an only son , would stoop so low to steal from his own mother in the sunset years of her life in order to line his own pockets and the pockets of his wife . " Marshall , who is free on $ 100,000 bail , faces a maximum 25 years in prison when he is sentenced on December 8 . Morrissey faces up to seven years in prison . Author Meryl Gordon , who has followed the Astor story for years , was in the courtroom when the jury returned its verdicts . "  It was an incredibly bad , intense time , " she said from her cell phone before hopping on a subway . "  I was a little surprised that Charlene did not get visibly teary . I guess she was braced for it . " Marshall , Astor 's only child , was indicted on criminal charges in 2006 . The case kicked off a tabloid feeding frenzy that fostered headlines such as "  Bad heir day , " "  Mrs. Astor 's disaster " and "  DA 's kick in the Astor . " Through her late husband 's Vincent Astor Foundation , Brooke Astor is credited with giving New York , where the Astors made their fortune , about $ 200 million . The Astor Foundation gave millions to New York cultural jewels -- including the Metropolitan Museum of Art and the New York Public Library -- as well as lower-profile programs . Astor was often quoted as saying , "  Money is like manure ; it 's not worth a thing unless it 's spread around . " "  Mrs. Astor stood in New York as a symbol of generosity . And this trial stands as a landmark for the nefarious impact of money and greed , " said her longtime friend , Vartan Gregorian , president of the Carnegie Corporation of New York . "  It will in many ways tarnish her memory , " he said . "  It 's a sad day , but at the same time , one good thing that will come out of this -- that Mrs. Astor would approve of -- is that the elderly can not be abused . " The case began when Marshall 's son , Philip , filed a petition in 2006 asking the court to appoint a guardian for his grandmother . The court documents alleged "  elder abuse " and were intended to remove Anthony Marshall 's control of her affairs and transfer care to Astor 's dear friend Annette de la Renta . He reacted to the verdict in an e-mail : "  I hope this brings some consolation and closure for the many people , including my grandmother 's loyal staff , caregivers and friends , who helped when she was so vulnerable and so manipulated , " Philip Marshall wrote . "  I sincerely hope these sad circumstances contribute to the recognition of elder abuse and exploitation as a growing national problem . " CNN 's Ann O'Neill contributed to this story	Anthony Marshall faces up to 25 years in prison Marshall swindled millions from mother in her declining years Prosecution witnesses included the cream of New York society Astor 's foundation gave $ 200 million to New York ; she died at 105
London  CNN  -- With the recent headlines emerging from Azerbaijan , you could be forgiven for assuming something more dramatic than a singing competition was about to descend on the country . In recent weeks , the Eurovision Song Contest finals , which take place Saturday , have inspired clashes on the streets of the capital , Baku , between Azerbaijani police and opposition activists , and accusations by state-controlled media in Azerbaijan that a German "  conspiracy " was waging an "  information war " against the hosts . That followed a boycott of the contest announced by neighboring Armenia in March , after the shooting of a soldier on their shared border . Explainer : What is Eurovision ? It 's all a far cry from American Idol . But Eurovision has always carried higher stakes than its sequins and songs in made-up languages would suggest . A forum for geopolitics A frothy , kitsch spectacle to some , Eurovision has long been a forum for heated geopolitical grandstanding , with allegations of bloc voting and political skulduggery dogging the contest for years . Documentarian Montse Fernandez Villa has alleged that , as early as 1968 , Spanish dictator Francisco Franco orchestrated a campaign of vote-buying that handed victory -- and an important public relations coup -- to Spain , over the favorite , British entry , Cliff Richard . Despite the organizers ' efforts to keep the contest apolitical -- the rules state that "  no lyrics , speeches , or gestures of a political or similar nature shall be permitted " -- European political tensions have often been played out on its stage , says Eurovision researcher Dr Karen Fricker . "  How can it not be ? It 's a competition of nations , "  said Fricker , a contemporary theater lecturer at Royal Holloway , University of London , and co-director of the Eurovision Research Network . "  If it was just a song pageant , it would have disappeared after a few years . But the notion there 's something being worked out there that 's bigger than song is what gives the contest its interest . " Armenia 's withdrawal from this year 's competition is the result of tensions that have festered since a war with Azerbaijan over the disputed region of Nagorno-Karabakh in the 1990s , which left between 20,000 and 30,000 people dead . But it is not the first boycott to hit the contest . Eurovision 's rules hold that the country the winning artist represents has the option of hosting the following year 's contest , and the year after Franco is alleged to have snatched victory from Cliff Richard , Austria refused to compete in Madrid as a protest against his regime . More recently , Lebanon pulled out of its scheduled Eurovision debut in 2005 in a spat over its refusal to broadcast the Israeli performance . Lebanese TV channel , Tele Liban , told the European Broadcasting Union , which broadcasts Eurovision , that Lebanon 's legislation made it almost impossible to broadcast Israeli content , putting Tele-liban in breach of contest rules . And in 2009 , a year after Russian-Georgian tensions had reached a flashpoint in South Ossetia , Georgia withdrew its entry for the Moscow contest , when their arguments that their entry "  We Do n't Wan na Put In " had nothing to do with the Russian premier fell flat with the organizers . A stage to ` perform ` European-ness ' Why do states care about a contest that , even in the eyes of its admirers , is of dubious musical merit ? Fricker says that , much like the avowedly apolitical Olympic Games , the contest has become an important political forum because of its competitive nature , and the huge television audience it commands . "  It is a unique moment of ` live-ness , ' where everybody in Europe is doing the same thing at the same time , " she said . "  There 's a really compelling sense of a shared television space . It 's a conduit for unity , but also a way to play out European tensions . " The lure of winning a little of that limelight has seen the contest expand , even as some of Eurovision 's founding Western European nations question its relevance . Since the fall of the Berlin Wall in 1989 , the number of participating countries has almost doubled to 42 , with former Eastern bloc nations joining the fray and , on many occasions , winning . Since 2001 , wins for Estonia , Latvia , Turkey , Ukraine , Serbia , Russia and Azerbaijan have seen the "  New Europe " dominate the contest . Their success , says Warwick University 's Dr Milija Gluhovic , co-director of the Eurovision Research Network , was largely down to the fact that they took it fairly seriously ; as an opportunity to demonstrate their credentials as modern , independent European states to the rest of the continent . "  They started to realize they can use the contest as a platform to reclaim their European heritage , and show themselves in the best possible light , " he said . Eurovision victory brought not only a moment of prestige , but more importantly , a rare opportunity to showcase their country to a huge audience when they hosted the following year , said Fricker . Host nations typically use the intermission between performances and the results announcement as an opportunity to "  perform their ` European-ness ' to one of the biggest television audiences of the year , " she added . Fricker cited popular 2001 winner Estonia as an example of a country that used its win , and subsequent host status , to project a positive image and engender goodwill ahead of joining the European Union in 2004 . "  It 's soft politics , but it 's politics , " she said . The emergence of voting blocs The new arrivals have not been welcomed by everybody . Their success has fueled suspicion among Eurovision 's old guard that the contest has become plagued with tactical "  bloc voting " -- where groups of countries vote tactically , essentially rigging the voting . In 2008 , British broadcaster Sir Terry Wogan quit his Eurovision duties after 35 years , saying the event was "  no longer a music contest . " Research published by a British academic in 2006 would appear to support his position . Dr Derek Gatherer 's analysis of Eurovision voting patterns between 1999 and 2005 concluded that bloc voting in the contest had increased . He identified three major voting blocs from which a winner was usually produced : The Balkan Bloc  Croatia , Macedonia , Slovenia , Greece , Cyprus , Serbia and Montenegro , Turkey , Bosnia and Herzegovina , Albania and Romania  , the Warsaw Pact  Russia , Ukraine , Belarus , Poland , Georgia and Moldova  and the Viking Empire  Norway , Sweden , Denmark , Finland , Iceland , Estonia , Latvia and Lithuania  . By contrast , France , the UK , Germany , Spain and Italy -- the so-called Big Five who make the biggest financial contributions to the contest , and are given an automatic place in the final -- did not belong to a bloc , and so had not won since the UK 's victory in 1997 , according to Gatherer . At the time the paper was published , Gatherer successfully predicted that Serbia would win in 2007 . However since then , Big Five member Germany has also been successful . Many Eurovision pundits reject the notion that voting patterns are a reflection of something untoward . Fricker says it is natural for countries to vote for neighbors with whom they may share cultural affinities , as the votes reflect public tastes . "  They like each other 's music and in fact are a musical community in terms of the artists and producers that circulate , " she said . John Kennedy O'Connor , author of "  The Eurovision Song Contest : The Official History " said he did not believe any organized tactical or political voting occurred , as the contest 's current judging format -- a mixture of public televoting and national judging panels -- made it "  virtually impossible " to rig results . Sour grapes ? An Englishman based in the U.S. , O'Connor said he saw the allegations of tactical voting as sour grapes toward the successful newcomers . He said in 2003 , the first time a British entry had been awarded the dreaded "  nul points , " one of the singers from the duo Jemini suggested their low score could have been politically motivated in response to the UK 's involvement in the Iraq War . The view was echoed by many in the UK media . But O'Connor said that , viewing the performance today , he believed the singers were clearly off key . "  Nobody wants to put up their hand and say , ` Actually , that was a rotten song , and it was horribly performed . ' " He said the reason the Big Five countries tended to fare less successfully was because , from the viewing public through to the organizers , they treated the contest "  as a bit of a joke . " "  By contrast , the impression I get is the former Eastern bloc countries take it very seriously , " he said . But Gluhovic said this was only partly true , as it was "  a bit of a myth " that the average Eastern European was much more invested in the competition than their Western European counterparts . Gluhovic , who hails from Bosnia and Herzegovina , said it was clear that organizers in New Europe were "  serious about sending their best acts . " But as for the viewers ? In true spirit of the contest , viewers -- wherever they hailed from across the continent -- tended to share one of three common responses to the show . "  Just like in the UK , some people love it , some people hate it and some people love to hate it , " he said . "  In this respect , I do n't think we have any huge differences . "	Organizers insist it is apolitical , but Eurovision has always been a political stage , say experts They say its competitive nature and vast audience make it a forum for tensions to manifest Armenia 's boycott of host Azerbaijan is far from the first politically motivated withdrawal The success of "  New Europe " has led to allegations of tactical voting ruining Eurovision
CNN  In case you have n't noticed , we 're in the midst of a medical marijuana revolution . Given the amount of questions and mystery surrounding the science behind it , Dr. Sanjay Gupta wanted to provide some insight . He 's been investigating medical marijuana for the last couple of years . His research has resulted in three CNN documentaries , culminating with "  Weed 3 : The Marijuana Revolution , " airing at 9 p.m. ET/PT Sunday . Gupta opened up to questions on Twitter . Here 's what you wanted to know : How does this affect me ? Readers were curious about the effects of medical marijuana in easing symptoms of various ailments , asking how it could help with everything from life-threatening illnesses and neurological conditions to chronic pain and post-traumatic stress disorder . Gupta pointed out the 10 diseases where medical marijuana research could have an impact and how it helped to stop one young girl 's severe seizures , and he also referenced other studies . He said that the potential benefits of medical marijuana for people suffering from PTSD is actually the subject of a federally approved study . The belief : It could suppress dream recall and allow those sufferers to focus on the present . There is also research into how the drug might affect the spasms associated with people who have multiple sclerosis . Medical marijuana could also be an important option for those who rely on painkillers , as painkiller overdose is the greatest preventable death in the United States , Gupta said . Why do n't other doctors talk about it ? Many of the questions around medical marijuana can be tied back to the fact that it 's just not discussed much . Teaching about medical marijuana remains taboo in medical school . But Gupta also presented the science directly , showing what your body on weed looks like . Readers also wanted to know why people are so against the legalization of marijuana . Decades of misinformation , Gupta said . What are the drawbacks ? With medical marijuana so misunderstood , there naturally is a fear of potential side effects . There are legitimate , long-term concerns with the developing brain , Gupta said , and suggested that readers seek out the research of Dr. Staci Gruber , who has conducted numerous studies on marijuana use and brain function . Is n't it dangerous ? When confronted with questions rooted in fear about the dangers of medical marijuana , Gupta confessed that he used to believe the same thing -- that marijuana is dangerous without proven benefits . After extensive research , he said he changed his mind on weed .	CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta answers questions about medical marijuana Readers wanted to know how medical marijuana could ease symptoms of illnesses
CNN  -- We 've seen deaths , weddings , dramatic costume changes , surprise hookups and more deaths . And that 's just in the past five years or so . The world of superhero comics has seen a lot of changes recently , with the demise -- and in some cases , resurrection - of Robin , Captain America , Peter Parker , Professor Charles Xavier and the Human Torch . Clark Kent walked out on his job and dated Wonder Woman . There have been revelations that multiple characters were gay , along with a same-sex wedding or two .  There also was a complete reboot in 2011 for DC Comics , which like CNN is owned by Time Warner , and a relaunch of many of Marvel Comics ' books in 2012 . So , what 's behind all these headline-grabbing plot twists in comic books these days ? We have asked some of the creators over the years . Scott Snyder , who writes "  Batman , " including the most recent "  Death of the Family " story arc , said he writes stories as if this was his one chance to write about a certain character : "  It 's not so much to make the books as dramatic as possible or to be shocking , but to try to tell the best story you can that feels organic . It 's not been a marching order  from editors  . " When the Human Torch died in a 2010 issue of "  Fantastic Four "  only to return a year later  , Marvel editor Tom Brevoort spoke to CNN about deaths in comics , "  It 's very easy to develop cynicism about the stories we tell . The only way to combat and conquer it is to have a story that touches on the humanness of people that has emotional resonance and truth to it . The fact of death is something every human being can relate to . I would argue that a well-told story of a character 's demise is not necessarily undone by them coming back later . " We recently spoke with three comic book experts , who gave us their thoughts on this phenomenon : CNN : Why do you think we seem to see more and more of these kinds of stories and changes in comics ? Alan Kistler , author/actor/comics historian : The industry 's not doing so hot . Books are in danger of cancellation before the second issue even hits the stands . Sales are determined by how many books retailers order rather than how many actually sell . For some reason , we do n't advertise comic books outside of comic books themselves . The TV commercial for "  The New 52 " did n't really tell people why they might want to check it out if they 'd never read comics before , it just expected you to be excited and already know the gist of what was happening . So these headline-grabbing stories are understandable , because you want to get people talking and you want to enhance curiosity for new consumers . But I think it 's a wrong approach . Does spoiling the ending of a comic in the New York Post two days before it 's available for purchase really ensure higher sales than if you released that story on the same day or a day after it hits the stands ? I doubt it . And it does n't affect retailer sales because they 've already ordered the books at that point . We need to advertise good stories and new-reader-friendly stories . Travis Langley , psychology professor/expert in the comic arts : Declining sales have been scaring publishers for a long time . Not just comic book publishers . Almost 30 years have passed since Egon Spengler told us , "  Print is dead . " These publishers have to do something to keep this medium alive , and we want them to survive . We want them to thrive ! Andrea Letamendi , clinical psychologist , scientist , comic convention speaker : I do n't necessarily see an increase in incidence with regards to these comic book events in recent years , but perhaps we 're more likely to notice them now . These events have been going on for as long as I 've been reading comics . And that 's been a long time . The comic book industry should n't be faulted for having an equivalent to television 's "  sweeps week . " When you need a hit , you create an event that will bring in the readers . CNN : Which recent big change or story do you think had the best payoff ? Kistler : "  The Death of Captain America . " That story actually had people mourn and move on from the event ; there was no rush to bring Steve  Rogers  back . For a few years , we really got to explore what a new Captain America would be and how the world would be different . When Steve did come back , surprise , he needed to process the whole experience rather than rush into his old role . On the flip side , we were told that Batman 's "  death " was n't real , then saw a former partner questing to prove he was n't dead , followed by advanced art for a miniseries called the "  Return of Bruce Wayne . " They were good stories , but the marketing approach and early advertising made Dick Grayson seem like a stand-in rather than "  the new Batman . " Letamendi : I strongly believe that The New 52 's "  Batgirl " can be seen as a great example of a major plot shift or re-imagining of a story that required readers to let go of a long-loved character  Oracle  and begin to believe in Batgirl as a new character , one who 's recovered from a life-threatening attack . The character essentially presented the determination , resilience and psychological strength that she needed to put the cape back on after a severe injury , just as readers were challenging her ability to represent a strong rebooted character . It 's as if we could relate to the weight on her shoulders , because we were a part of that process . Langley : The same-sex weddings . Northstar 's wedding  in "  Astonishing X-Men "  made sense . These characters , in their fictional worlds , are celebrities . Given how many celebrities made news by marrying their same-sex partners in our world once they legally could , it would have been weird for Marvel 's Earth-616 not to have had a same-sex superhero wedding . Kevin Keller 's wedding in "  Life with Archie " is important for the opposite reason , because it 's a down-to-earth relationship . Both of those weddings reflect our times and say these characters live in worlds that remain relevant to us . CNN : Do you see even more of these plot twists on the horizon , or the possibility of comic companies trying to top each other ? Langley : Competition has value , of course . DC and Marvel are working really hard to find creative new ways to outdo each other , and it 's interesting to watch . Marvel 's growth in the 1960s challenged DC and inspired them to tell new kinds of stories . It 's an exciting time , really . The comic book industry will change , but I 'm actually a lot more optimistic about its future now than I was at the start of this millennium . Everything feels so much more alive . Kistler : I see a rising impatience with this kind of headline grabbing and spoilers in the news . People are wondering why comics feel so insecure that they need to advertise the endings of major stories whereas everyone was happy to buy a "  Harry Potter " and "  Hunger Games " book without knowing the ending . Letamendi : I think risk-taking comes with a price , and readers of comics are particularly savvy when it comes to storytelling . But competition makes us stronger . These companies -- and not just the big ones , but smaller publishers , as well -- want to be known as the best . And that 's in the storytelling . So with amazing arcs and events , inevitably come happy readers .	From the deaths of Robin and Peter Parker to major reboots , comics see a lot of change Comics creators say that the most important element is a well-told story Three comic book experts share their views of this phenomenon
CNN  A Turkish court Wednesday banned website pages that show the new cover of Charlie Hebdo , the country " s semiofficial news agency Anadolu reported . A newspaper that included images of the cover received death threats . The developments came as Deputy Prime Minister Yalcin Akdogan wrote on Twitter , "  Those who are publishing figures referring to our supreme Prophet are those who disregard the sacred . " Such a move is "  open incitement and provocation , " he added . Turkey is home to 82 million people , 99.8 % of whom are Muslim , according to the CIA World Factbook . The French satirical publication Charlie Hebdo 's new cover contains what it calls a caricature of the Prophet Mohammed holding a sign saying "  Je suis Charlie . " The caption says "  All is forgiven " in French . It comes a week after Islamist terrorists killed 12 people at the paper 's offices . Police went to the offices of Istanbul newspaper Cumhuriyet and blocked off traffic around it after the paper published excerpts from the Charlie Hebdo issue . Armored police blocked the entrance and stopped distribution trucks at the printing press in Istanbul , the secular daily said . The prosecutor 's office then stopped the blockade , possibly because it did not know the image was inside the paper , according to the report . Cumhuriyet included a four-page sample of Charlie Hebdo 's latest edition , translated into Turkish . That sample , which the prosecutor 's office saw , did not include the cover , the paper said . But inside the paper , two columnists had included small images of the cover with their columns , the paper reported . An editorial in the newspaper said the drawing on the Charlie Hebdo cover did not seem to have "  anything to do with Prophet Mohammed . That drawing is a symbol of a humane and conscientious attitude and it says , ` All is forgiven . ' " Cumhuriyet editor-in-chief Utku Cakirozer explained on Twitter and on the newspaper 's website that Cumhuriyet "  has lost writers to terror attacks " and "  understands the Charlie Hebdo massacre very well . " Muslims ' mixed response to new Mohammed cover People called the Cumhuriyet offices on Wednesday issuing death threats , employees told CNN . Three protesters were arrested in front of Cumhuriyet 's offices , CNN Turk reported . CNN 's Gul Tuysuz and Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	Turkish deputy PM calls publishing pictures of Mohammed "  open incitement and provocation " A newspaper that published parts of Charlie Hebdo was blockaded by police , got death threats Protesters were arrested in front of Cumhuriyet 's offices , CNN Turk reports
CNN  -- Police in Texas used a Taser on a 42-year-old pastor and pepper spray to disperse members of his church after police said the pastor interfered with a traffic stop . Jose Moran was arrested early Wednesday morning after interfering with the duties of a public servant in the parking lot of a Webster , Texas , building that is being remodeled for the Iglesias Profetica Peniel Church , Webster police said in a written statement . Moran 's son , Omar , said his father had been trying to help . He added that his father has heart problems . Moran approached an officer who was handling a traffic stop in the church 's parking lot on Wednesday morning , police said . Moran identified himself as the church 's pastor and began yelling at the officer , police said . The officer told Moran to leave several times , but Moran did not , police said . The officer then tried to arrest him . But Moran pushed the officer and ran into the church building , police said . Moran 's son said after his father asked the officer if he could help , the officer began yelling . The son said his father went back inside the church . The officer followed him and kicked in the church door , he said . The pastor came outside , and a second officer used his Taser twice on the pastor , the younger Moran said . The son 's account differs from the police version of events . Police said Moran emerged from the church building with dozens of other people who subsequently surrounded the officer . The officer used pepper spray to disperse the crowd , the statement said . Police said Moran pushed a second officer , who had arrived for backup , when the officer was trying to arrest him . The officer used a Taser to subdue him , police said . Omar Moran said his father remains hospitalized , although police said he had been treated and released . Webster Police Chief Ray Smiley said the Taser was only used once on Moran , but that the tool causes two marks . The driver who had been pulled over was issued two citations and released , police said .	Police , pastor 's son give differing accounts of Taser incident They do n't agree on whether Jose Moran is still hospitalized Police say Moran interfered with a traffic stop Police say church congregation surrounded officer
I do n't trust cops and I do n't know many black people who do . I respect them . I sympathize with them . I am appreciative of the work they do . But when you 've been pulled over for no good reason as many times as I have ; when you 've been in handcuffs for no good reason as many times as I have ; when you run out to buy some allergy medication and upon returning home , find yourself surrounded by four squad cars with flashing lights and all you can think about is how not to get shot , you learn not to trust cops . The first instance of injustice surrounding the Trayvon Martin tragedy occurred February 26 , the night George Zimmerman decided to pursue , confront and ultimately shoot and kill Martin . The second started the moment the Sanford police failed to properly investigate what , given the 911 tapes , is clearly a questionable claim of self-defense made by Zimmerman . But seeing that Martin 's parents were forced to sue the police department just to hear the tapes , it seems as if Zimmerman is n't the only questionable component in this case . Thursday , Sanford Police Chief Bill Lee stepped down "  temporarily . " On Wednesday , Sanford city commissioners had voted "  no confidence " in him . Opinion : What every black mother fears But at a town hall meeting hosted by the NAACP on Tuesday , Sanford 's black residents said they lost confidence in the police long before because of the extensive history of prejudicial treatment in the area . Law enforcement is n't easy . In fact , it is extremely dangerous . But that in no way excuses improper procedure and lies . And given the amount of effort put forth by the Sanford chief to exonerate Zimmerman , a volunteer neighborhood watchman with a history of 911 calls that suggests paranoia , versus efforts to find out the truth , it sure feels like another case of racial profiling and police trying to cover up an impropriety . The shooter may not have been a police officer , but the story of how the police handled this case is oh-so-familiar . It 's the same story the nation heard from blacks in Los Angeles surrounding the 1991 Rodney King beating . It 's the same story heard from blacks in New York City surrounding the murder of Amadou Diallo , who was only carrying his wallet when he was shot 41 times by four plainclothes policemen in 1999 . Opinion : How "  duty to retreat " became "  stand your ground " That same story was heard in New Orleans , where black men were shot and killed for sport by police officers off the Danziger Bridge in 2005 . The police department covered it up for two years before any arrests were made . Charges were even initially dismissed by the district judge before the Justice Department got involved and finally , last summer , officers were convicted . And people wonder where the impetus behind NWA 's " ___ the Police " came from . I 'll tell you where it came from . It came from knowing there are far more stories like Trayvon Martin 's that the world never hears about . In fact , we almost did n't hear about this one . The nation heard the 911 tapes from last month 's tragic shooting at Chardon High School in Ohio within 24 hours of the incident . Martin 's parents had to file a lawsuit before they could hear the ones in this case . Why ? If the police department had done everything it was supposed to do , if it was truly "  PROHIBITED from making an arrest based on the facts and circumstances they had at the time " as the letter released by the city manager states , then why hold back until there is national media attention ? Opinion : Killing shows flaws of NRA-backed law The letter said the department was still investigating the case and did n't want to compromise it , but the authorities never brought Zimmerman in for questioning . They still have n't . They tested Martin 's body for drugs and alcohol , but not Zimmerman 's . The only person with a weapon was Zimmerman . Martin was unarmed . Just like the victims in New Orleans , Diallo , King . ... In 2010 , the family of Sean Bell was awarded $ 7 million by the city of New York after five police officers sprayed his car with more than 50 bullets , killing him . He was unarmed and to be married the next day . "  No amount of money can provide closure , no amount of money can make up for the pain , " his fiancee , Nicole Paultre Bell , said after the ruling . "  We 'll just try to learn how to live with it and move on . " Those are words members of the black community have to say to each other far too many times when it comes to treatment by the police .	LZ Granderson says he 's been repeatedly stopped , hassled by police for no good reason He says Trayvon Martin 's shooting shows similar injustice He says it has echoes of how police handled Amadou Diallo case , Rodney King , Sean Bell LZ : Cover ups , lax investigations show black people why they ca n't trust police
CNN  -- The Army sergeant who admitted to gunning down 16 civilians in a 2012 rampage through two villages near his outpost in southern Afghanistan reportedly apologized Thursday , describing the massacre as an "  act of cowardice . " Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales pleaded guilty in June to more than 30 criminal charges , including 16 premeditated murder counts . The plea spares the 39-year-old Bales the prospect of a death sentence in the killings . He now faces life in prison , but a jury of four officers and two enlisted personnel will decide whether he will have a chance at parole . "  I hid behind a mask of bravado , " Bales said , according to Drew Mikkelsen of CNN Seattle affiliate KING , who was tweeting from court . Bales reportedly told the jury he took steroids in Afghanistan . He also took pills to help him sleep and drank sporadically , Mikkelsen wrote . When asked who is responsible for what he did , Bales reportedly said : "  I am . I am responsible . " Bales admitted to slipping away from his outpost and going on a house-to-house killing spree in two nearby villages in March 2012 , a massacre that further strained ties between American troops and their Afghan allies . His sentencing hearing began this week at Joint Base Lewis-McChord , near Tacoma , Washington . Bales testified for about 40 minutes , according to Mikkelsen . Bales reportedly said the killings were an "  act of cowardice " and apologized to his victims . "  I am sorry ... I murdered their family , " said Bales , according to Mikkelsen . In addition to the murder counts , Bales pleaded guilty to six counts of attempted murder , seven of assault and the use of illicit steroids and alcohol . He pleaded not guilty to a charge of obstruction of justice . Bales is a member of the Army 's 3rd Stryker Brigade Combat Team , an element of the 2nd Infantry Division . His attorneys have said the service made a mistake in assigning Bales to another combat tour despite evidence of post-traumatic stress disorder and a traumatic brain injury suffered during a combat tour in Iraq . CNN 's Dana Ford and Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Army Staff Sgt. Robert Bales reportedly says he "  hid behind a mask of bravado " He has pleaded guilty to more than 30 criminal charges , including 16 murder counts A jury will decide whether the 39-year-old Bales will have a chance at parole
CNN  -- Beyond a vague familiarity with the world 's major airlines , most travelers know little about the hundreds of carriers transporting passengers across the globe . Sunday 's deadly air crash in Nigeria raises questions about the safety of international airlines . So how do passengers find safety information ? There are several things travelers should look for to gauge an airline 's safety , according to Bill Voss , CEO of the Flight Safety Foundation , an international nonprofit organization . In short , you 're looking for a Category 1 ranking from the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration and registration with the International Air Transport Association , an international trade group . Membership with a major airline alliance helps , and you likely want to avoid airlines banned by the European Union . The Federal Aviation Administration looks at international aviation regulators . The FAA program assesses the safety standards of the civil aviation authorities of countries with airlines operating in the United States . "  We look at the ability of the aviation authority in the country to administer its aviation community in accordance with international regulations . We do n't look at individual airlines , " said FAA spokesman Les Dorr . Countries with aviation authorities that meet standards set by the International Civil Aviation Organization receive a Category 1 ranking . Those that do n't receive a Category 2 designation . Nigeria , the site of the crash that killed more than 160 people , has a Category 1 ranking . Twenty-five nations , nearly a quarter of those assessed , hold a Category 2 ranking , including the Philippines , Bangladesh , Barbados , Cote D'Ivoire , Ghana , Indonesia and Israel . The International Civil Aviation Organization , the U.N. agency that defines international standards , also focuses oversight on regulators rather than airlines . The agency has conducted mandatory safety audits of the civil aviation authorities of member countries since 1999 . Most countries publish the audits , but it 's not mandatory , "  and the ones that you really want to see are the ones that do n't publish , " Voss said . Despite occasional catastrophic crashes , airline accident rates have seen "  massive improvements " in the last few decades , he said . The global accident rate for commercial air service fluctuated between 3.9 and 4.6 accidents per million departures between 2005 and 2010 , according to International Civil Aviation Organization . The agency 's 2011 figures have not been released . In 2010 , the global rate was four accidents per million departures . Africa had the highest regional accident rate in 2010 of 16.8 , four times the global average , but Africa accounts for the lowest percentage of global traffic volume . North America 's accident rate , 3.3 per million departures , was below the world average in 2010 . The region had the highest number of accidents -- 35 -- but no fatalities . Europe also had an accident rate of 3.3 per million departures with 24 accidents , two of which included fatalities . The trade group International Air Transport Association does its own safety audits on air carriers . The organization 's registry is searchable by airline . All of the association 's more than 240 member airlines must meet audit standards to maintain membership . "  Airlines  who are IATA member carriers actually have a far better safety rate than the industry standard , " Voss said . Dana Air , the Nigerian carrier involved in Sunday 's crash , does not appear on the registry . Voss said the carrier may have chosen not to be audited or may not have passed . The cause of Sunday 's accident in Nigeria is still unknown . The European Union 's "  black list " provides another safety benchmark . The EU takes a more aggressive approach to screening individual carriers and has banned more than 280 airlines from 25 nations from operating within the EU since 2006 . African , Indonesian and Philippine airlines figure prominently on the EU 's banned list , as do carriers in Kazakhstan and Kyrgyzstan . The EU also has a list of carriers subject to operational restrictions . No Nigerian airlines appear on either list . Membership in a major alliance , including Star Alliance , SkyTeam and oneworld , can also be considered a reassurance to nervous travelers , Voss said . Member airlines tend to monitor each other , reinforcing high safety standards . There are no guarantees , but air travel is still much safer than other means of transportation . "  Particularly in the developing world , you have to look at how extraordinarily safe aviation is . Even though an airline might appear a little risky by your Western standards , it could easily be 1,000 times safer than taking the same trip on the road , " Voss said .	International regulators have lists and registries dedicated to airline safety The Federal Aviation Administration rates international aviation authorities The European Union has a list of airlines banned from operating in the EU Many airlines are audited and registered with an international trade group
Near Debaltseve , Ukraine  CNN  In driving snow and frigid temperatures , one Ukrainian fighter on a tank leaving the besieged town of Debaltseve described it as "  a one-way street to the grave . " The surrounding roads are littered with the wreckage of what were once Ukrainian military positions , an obliterated checkpoint , the remains of people in an armed personnel carrier hit by an explosion . Inside the once bustling town , the icy , devastated , streets are empty . The few civilians too old or sick to flee cower indoors desperately , hoping not to be killed by the near-constant shelling . Destruction does n't discriminate , and nurseries have been hit by shells as well as City Hall , devastating the city 's infrastructure . This small transport hub in eastern Ukraine has become a focus for bitter violence between Ukrainian military and pro-Russian separatists following a ceasefire agreement four days ago that has faltered . Most of Ukraine 's armed forces have been pulled out of the strategic railroad town following weeks of fierce gunbattles and street fights , according to its military , while one rebel leader claimed that separatists had taken over 80 % of the town . Separatists claimed to have 60 Ukrainian prisoners of war , although CNN can not independently verify those claims . If you had n't heard of Debaltseve before today , it 's not surprising . It was a small , nondescript Soviet-era town , which had a population of just 25,000 before fighting started . So why exactly has it become a key focus for violence ? Strategic hub For one thing , Debaltseve is a vital rail transport hub for the pro-Russian rebels . It is the site of strategic rail and highway junctions that connect rebel-held strongholds of Donetsk and Luhansk , which is near the Russian border . Part of infrastructure built in the Soviet era when Ukraine was part of the Soviet Union , Debaltseve is key for transporting coal , steel and supporting other heavy industries in the region . Debaltseve 's rail hub is one of three crucial positions -- the other two being Donetsk international airport and the industrial port of Mariupol -- which , if caught , would be ideal for Russia to open a land corridor to recently annexed Crimea , according to The Jamestown Foundation . Ceasefire misfire ? Debaltseve , at that time held by Ukrainian forces but encircled by separatists , was not specifically addressed in the ceasefire agreement . It was always an issue of contention : Separatists believed it was theirs under the recent Minsk agreement . "  The separatists took it as carte blanche that the city was theirs , " reports CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh . Geographically , it was a little bit of Ukraine-controlled land that stuck up into separatist-controlled areas that they wanted , he said . "  It was always within their territory because they 'd encircled it ,  the separatists contended  , " Paton Walsh said . "  Although that 's not the way the West or Kiev perceived it . " Civilian toll Fighting in the city -- which a spokesman for the Ukrainian government 's military operation , Sladislav Seleznyov , last week described as the most dangerous place in the country -- has taken a huge toll on the civilian population . Only 3,000-4 ,000 of Debaltseve 's former population of 25,000 remain . Outside the city , near the village of Ugelgorsk , separatist shells rocked the farmland -- fired from an SA13 Gopher Air Defense System , according to experts Jane 's -- more evidence of the kind of modern firepower in separatist hands . Civilians have been caught in the crossfire between artillery coming from rebels on one side and the Ukrainian army on the other -- and have literally had nowhere to run . Many have been trying to find shelter from the violence underground , living in basements . A local resident , Antonina , bundled against the cold in a red coat and woolen headscarf , wept as she described how her husband Yevgeny was killed in November about a week before he turned 65 . "  He said , ` Run ! Get down in the basement . ' But he stayed up here and the shell hit . He lived for a moment , but he died just here . And it tore up everything . How can we live ? " CNN 's Jessica King in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Debaltseve , a small town in eastern Ukraine , has been a focus for violence One Ukrainian soldier leaving the area called it "  a one-way street to the grave " It is a crucial rail hub for rebel-held areas , connecting Luhansk and Donetsk Fighting has devastated the area and the civilians who are left are living underground
CNN  -- In recent seasons , "  Dancing With the Stars " has given exposure to such unlikely dancers as "  Cheers " and Pixar favorite John Ratzenberger , magician Penn Jillette and Oscar-winning octogenarian actress Cloris Leachman . Kathy Ireland is among the contestants who will take part in the "  Dancing With the Stars ' " ninth season . But this year , the show is adding an even more unusual guest : A Hammer . Former Republican Majority Leader Tom DeLay -- known as "  the Hammer " for his tough-minded tactics -- is among the contestants for the show 's ninth edition , ABC announced Monday . Host Tom Bergeron and contestant Donny Osmond appeared on the network 's "  Good Morning America " to make the announcement . "  This is the season where we have a cast that is as big as some of your family reunions , " Bergeron joked to Osmond , a member of the Osmond family of entertainers . Blog : Are these really ` Stars ' ? Joining Osmond and DeLay will be Kelly Osbourne ; former Dallas Cowboy Michael Irvin ; models Kathy Ireland and Joanna Krupa ; singers Macy Gray , Mya and Aaron Carter ; actresses Melissa Joan Hart and Debi Mazar ; Olympic swimmer Natalie Coughlin ; ex-UFC fighter Chuck Liddell ; snowboarder Louie Vito ; and actors Mark Dacascos and Ashley Hamilton . Bergeron said this season will be a bit different as the show will have double elimination in the middle of the season . "  It will be a ballroom bloodbath , " Bergeron said . The new season of "  Dancing With the Stars " begins September 21 . Last season 's winner was gymnast Shawn Johnson .	Former House Majority Leader Tom DeLay among "  DWTS " contestants Also scheduled for the ninth season : Melissa Joan Hart , snowboarder Louie Vito Show adding a double-elimination period : "  It will be a ballroom bloodbath , " host says
Jerusalem  CNN  -- A day after thousands of Israeli demonstrators demanded an end to rules that make ultra-Orthodox Jews exempt from the draft , Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu said Sunday that the nation 's approach to military service must change . "  The existing situation can not continue . Neither the army , the economy nor society can continue on the current path , " Netanyahu said at the start of his weekly Cabinet meeting . The prime minister named a new team to draw up a law that would "  share the burden " of military service , which is required for most Israelis when they reach the age of 18 . The existing law provides an exemption for Arabs and ultra-Orthodox Jews . The issue has been a controversial political topic for months for Netanyahu , but time is running out . Israel 's Supreme Court has ruled that the law , which exempts tens of thousands of Israelis from service , must be replaced by August 1 . Such a move is sorely needed , according to thousands of protesters who marched on the streets of Tel Aviv Saturday night . Holding banners reading , "  Service for all " and "  We are not suckers , " they demanded a universal military draft . More than 20,000 people turned out to protest , Israeli Police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Netanyahu acknowledged the demonstration Sunday . "  I completely understand the demand of those who serve and their families , " he said . Ultra-Orthodox students have been exempt from service through historical political agreements since Israel 's establishment in 1948 . Community leaders have said ultra-Orthodox men should spend their time studying the Torah at religious institutes rather than defending their country in uniforms . Both ultra-Orthodox Jews and Arab Israeli citizens are exempt from military service . They can choose to volunteer or participate in civil service programs within their communities , but the vast majority of both groups do not participate in those programs . The issue is a sensitive one for Netanyahu and his Likud paty , which has traditionally relied on ultra-Orthodox parties as natural coalition partners . But his government has showed some signs of shifting toward the center . In April , Netanyahu beefed up his political dominance when he formed a coalition government with the centrist Kadima faction , bringing the number of his coalition partners to 92 in the 120-seat Knesset . On Sunday , the Likud party approved most of the recommendations of a government committee , which had suggested changing the draft law to include ultra-Orthodox Jews . But the party said in a statement that the principle of service for all should apply to Israel 's Arab population as well . Should the Likud go ahead with its reform efforts and force thousands of Yeshiva students to join the Israeli Defense Forces , it could risk losing some of its longstanding partners . A lawmaker from one ultra-Orthodox party criticized Netanyahu Sunday for pushing the changes , and warned that the prime minister 's political alliances could be at risk . "  To my regret , Netanyahu does not understand that the demonstrators look to cut off the partnerships between us , " Moshe Gafni of the Yahadut Hatorah party told Israel 's army radio . "  If this will be the case , Netanyahu will lose his power . " But the prime minister told his Cabinet Sunday that keeping the current system was not an option . The previous government committee created to tackle the thorny issue dissolved due to disagreements within its members . A new government team will draft the details of a proposed law that will be more equitable , Netanyahu said . Knesset lawmakers will have the final say . "  We are facing a historic move , a dramatic increase in the participation of the ultra-Orthodox and Arab publics in bearing the burden " Netanyahu said . "  Such an increase has started , it is welcome , it is important -- but it is not enough . We want to bring about a dramatic increase in the rate of participation . " That means those who do n't comply with the country 's draft law should be punished , Zohara Berger-Tzur of the Israeli Forum for Equal Service told CNN . "  We demand service for all at the age of 18 and personal sanctions against those who evade duty , " she said . "  The new draft must comply with these demands . " Gaza truce gets off to a shaky start Evacuation of 150 West Bank settlers begins Militant Palestinian group behind Israel attack , Egypt official says	"  The existing situation can not continue , " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu says More than 20,000 demonstrators demand reforms to military draft rules The controversial topic is a thorny political issue for Netanyahu 's government A government committee will draw up a proposed new law , he says
CNN  -- North Korea on Monday proposed replacing the 1953 armistice that ended the Korean War with a formal peace treaty , a step it said would pave the way for breaking the international impasse over its nuclear program . But the communist state said international sanctions imposed after a series of nuclear weapons and missile tests should be lifted before it returns to the negotiating table , a suggestion the United States quickly dismissed . The cease-fire that ended the three-year Korean War never led to a permanent peace treaty , leaving the North Korean-South Korean border the world 's most heavily militarized frontier . In a statement carried by the official news agency KCNA , North Korea said that a final settlement of the conflict is "  essential " to talks aimed at persuading it to dismantle its nuclear program . "  When the parties are in the state of war where they level guns at each other , distrust in the other party can never be wiped out , and the talks themselves can never make smooth progress , much less realizing the denuclearization , " it said . "  Without settling such -LSB- an -RSB- essential and fundamental issue as war and peace , no agreement can escape from frustration and failure as now . " Pyongyang has refused to return to the talks , which also involve the United States , Russia , China , South Korea and Japan , insisting that it wants to talk directly with the U.S. government . But Washington says it will not lift sanctions or normalize relations with the North until it takes irreversible steps toward dismantling its nuclear program . "  We 're not going to pay North Korea for coming back to the six-party process , " State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said Monday .	Armistice ended Korean War in 1953 ; North suggests replacing with treaty It suggests that such a move would ease return to nuclear talks Pyongyang wants sanctions off table before talks continue Washington has refused to normalize relations until program dismantled
CNN  -- Gov. Jay Nixon is criticizing the "  over-militarization " of the police response to protests that have been spurred by the killing of 18-year-old Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri . Nixon appeared on most of the political talk shows on Sunday , calling the tactics of the St. Louis County Police "  aggressive " and expressed relief that the Justice Department is conducting its own investigation into the young man 's death on August 9 . "  There are times when force is necessary , but we really felt that push at that time was a little aggressive , obviously , and those images were not what we were trying to get to , " he said on ABC 's "  This Week , " referring to the policing using heavily armored military vehicles . "  And in those situations where folks are rolling up heavily armored and they 're pointing guns at folks , that 's impossible to have a dialogue , " Nixon said . The governor , however , offered praise for members of the community who have been protesting Brown 's killing during an encounter with police . Despite a shooting that left one person wounded and the arrest of seven people after a midnight curfew went into effect Saturday night , Nixon said the curfew was implemented peacefully and mostly without incident . "  Thousands of people spoke last night . Thousands of people marched and not a single gunshot fired by a member of law enforcement last night , and the members of community  were  tremendous helpful last night to get through what could have been a very difficult night , " he said on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " After days of heavily armed police patrolled the streets of Ferguson with a heavy hand and periodic use of force , Nixon ordered Missouri State Highway Patrol to take over the police response on Thursday . The head of the Highway Patrol , Capt. Ronald Johnson , is African-American and from the area . He took a different approach than police and dramatically softened the aggressive stance . Critical words about harsh tactics Nixon is the latest politician to criticize police tactics that created a war zone atmosphere in Ferguson , a town of 22,000 near St. Louis . Missouri Sen. Claire McCaskill said Thursday the situation needs to be "  demilitarized , " and on the same day , Republican Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky , who is considering a presidential run , released an opinion piece on Time 's website saying many police departments around the country are too militarized . Democratic Rep. Lacy Clay , who represents Ferguson in Congress , said on "  State of the Union " Sunday that "  a militarized police force facing down innocent protesters with sniper rifles and machine guns is totally unacceptable in America . " U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , R-Michigan , also agreed that the reaction of police to protests was imbalanced . "  It appears that they may have reacted a little quickly on that force continuum when they decided to deal with ... the protesters , " he said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation . " While Bernard Kerik , a former New York City Police commissioner , said the show of force was too excessive while protestors peacefully demonstrated , he said the police have a responsibility to protect personal property . "  You ca n't let thugs take over the city . We saw that the other day . The police had to respond , " he said on CNN , referring to instances of looting . On police militarization in general , Kerik said the increased militarization of the police started in the 1990s during the height of the war on drugs and continued after the 9/11 attacks and has continued because of mass shootings in schools and public places . "  It 's absolutely needed , " he said . In tense Ferguson , trying to balance security , protesters ' rights The legal process Accounts of exactly what happened when Officer Darren Wilson confronted Brown on August 9 vary widely . Police said Brown struggled with the officer and reached for his weapon . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Nixon also criticized the Police Department 's release of a convenience store surveillance video that shows a man fitting Brown 's description allegedly stealing a box of cigars just before Brown was killed . Nixon said he was "  unaware " the tape was going to be released and "  we certainly were not happy . " Nixon said on CBS News ' "  Face the Nation " that the tape release is an attempt to "  besmirch a victim " and "  to tarnish him . " "  It appeared to , you know , cast aspersions on a young man that was gunned down in the street , " he added on "  This Week . " Nixon also raised doubts about the special prosecutor in charge of the case , St. Louis County Prosecuting Attorney Robert McCulloch , who has been asked by Ferguson community leaders , including Rep. Clay , to step aside because of what people say is his impartiality toward the police . "  He 's an experienced prosecutor . And this is his opportunity to step up , " Nixon said on CNN of McCulloch , who has been in the position since 1991 . "  It 's important we get this right . This is a big matter . " McColloch has defended the police response and slammed Nixon for sidelining the Police Department and putting the Highway Patrol in charge of security , calling the move "  shameful , " according to the St. Louis Post-Dispatch . Offering little confidence to the local investigation , Nixon said he is pleased that the Justice Department is conducting its own parallel inquiry , noting that the FBI is sending 40 investigators . "  That 's the kind of independent , external , national review and investigation of this that I think will assist everyone in making sure we get to justice , " he said . Nixon 's criticism of the Police Department and shaky confidence of the local prosecutor Sunday comes as the Department of Justice announced a second , independent autopsy would be conducted on Brown 's body . The healing process As the people of Ferguson seek answers and demand a fair investigation , the factor of race has once again become part of a national discussion that cuts deeply . "  We all know there 's been a long history of challenges in these areas  of Missouri  , " Nixon said . "  And our hope is that , with the help of the people here , that we can be an example of getting justice and getting peace and using that to move forward . " But Nixon admitted that it will be a challenge because of "  deep , long-term wounds " that wo n't be easy to heal . Actor and activist Jesse Williams discussed a dark history that black Americans face . "  Police have been beating the hell out of black people for a very , very , very long time before the advent of the video camera and despite the advent of the video camera there are still a lot of incredible trend of police brutality and killing in the street and justice is never served , " said the "  Grey 's Anatomy " actor and board member of the civil rights organization The Advancement Project . On NBC 's "  Meet the Press , " Rep. John Lewis , D-Georgia , who was an instrumental figure in the civil rights movement , called on the police chief and Ferguson 's mayor to "  literally apologize to the community . " Michael Eric Dyson , professor at Georgetown University , said he wants more leadership from President Barack Obama , the country 's first black President who was a community organizer in predominately African-American neighborhoods of Chicago . "  This President knows better than most what happens in poor communities that have been antagonized historically by the hostile relationship between black people and the Police Department , " he said on CBS . "  We need presidential leadership . He needs to step up to the plate and be responsible . " The White House said the President was briefed on the situation in Ferguson again Sunday morning , and he is scheduled to meet with Attorney General Eric Holder at the White House on Monday . What 's next as authorities probe the killing of Michael Brown ? CNN 's Jim Acosta , Shimon Prokupecz and Joshua Berlinger contributed to this report .	Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon notes the "  over-militarization " of police Nixon also criticizes Police Department 's release of a convenience store video The governor also raises doubts about the special prosecutor in charge of the case Nixon praises many of the protesters upset about shooting death of Michael Brown
CNN  -- The Brazilian military said late Friday it is calling off the search for bodies of passengers and crew from the Air France plane that crashed into the Atlantic earlier this month . Wreckage from Flight 447 spotted by search teams in the Atlantic last week . It was unlikely that any more bodies would be found , the military said . So far , search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died when Air France Flight 447 plunged into the sea June 1 , according to the military . They have also found more than 600 parts and structural components of the plane , along with luggage , the military said . The bodies were handed to Brazilian authorities for identification while the debris and luggage were given to French aviation investigators , the military said . In the 26 days of the search operation , the Brazilian air force used 12 planes along with aircraft from France , the United States and Spain , the military said . The Brazilian navy used 11 ships . Ships remain in the search area hundreds of miles northeast of Brazil in an effort to find the flight data recorders , the Brazilian military said . Last week investigators said they were running out of time to find the recorders which could prove crucial to working out what caused the disaster . Officials remain in the dark about what caused the airliner to plunge into the sea off the coast of Brazil . The wreckage is believed to be about 15,000 feet  4,500 meters  deep , amid underwater mountains and mixed in with tons of sea trash . A French submarine and other vessels are searching for black boxes by attempting to trace their locator beacons , which send out acoustic pulses , or "  pings , " to searchers . The U.S. Navy has contributed two high-tech acoustic devices -- known as towed pinger locators -- which have been attached to French tug boats and can search to a maximum depth of 20,000 ft  6,100 meters  . The firm which makes the recorders , Honeywell Aerospace , has told CNN it has a 100 percent recovery record from air accidents . Honeywell said it was hard to estimate how much battery life the locator beacon on the recorders had , as it depended on the conditions , but it is typically around 30 days . One recorder taped radio transmissions and sounds in the cockpit , such as the pilot 's voices and engine noises . Sounds of interest could be engine noise , stall warnings , landing gear extension and retraction , and other clicks and pops . From these sounds engine revs per minute , system failures , speed and the time at which certain events occurred could often be determined , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report .	Brazilian military : Unlikely that any more bodies would be found Search teams have found 51 of the 228 people who died Plane wreckage believed to be on Atlantic seabed , around 4,500 meters deep Investigators still trying to find flight data recorders for crucial information
Guatemala City  CNN  -- The courtroom erupted in cheers after former Guatemalan dictator Efrain Rios Montt was found guilty of genocide in May 2013 for allegedly allowing massacres of more than 1,700 indigenous Ixil Mayans in the early 1980s . Hundreds dressed in traditional ethnic "  huipiles , " crossed their arms over their chests in a sign of gratitude to the tribunal for being the first in the world to try a head of state for genocide in his own country 's judicial system . But the verdict would only stick for 10 days . Guatemala 's Constitutional Court annulled the conviction and ordered a retrial in 2015 , a move critics considered politically motivated . As the one-year anniversary of the Rios Montt trial nears , many -- including U.S. officials -- are sounding the alarm over recent judicial moves they say threaten the country 's weak justice system . "  For the proper functioning of democracies , independent and capable public servants are essential , " the U.S. Embassy in Guatemala said in a recent statement . "  If judges are subject to threats and intimidation , justice will suffer . " Such statements followed two controversial decisions . First , the nation 's highest court ruled in February that Attorney General Claudia Paz y Paz , who was instrumental in bringing charges against Rios Montt , must step down from her post in May , seven months before her term was to expire . The court 's ruling was based on a technical interpretation of Paz 's term . The 47-year-old prosecutor was appointed in 2010 after a prior selection process was scrapped due to alleged corruption . The court interpreted that hers was an interim mandate . Then this month , the Guatemalan Bar Association suspended magistrate Yassmin Barrios , the presiding judge in Rios Montt 's trial . Just weeks after the suspension was handed down , Barrios was awarded an International Woman of Courage award by first lady Michelle Obama and the U.S. State Department , in part for her role in the genocide trial . Barrios was sanctioned by the Bar Association after attorney Moises Galindo , part of Rios Montt 's legal team , accused her of an ethics violation for the way she expelled one of Rios Montt 's lawyers from the proceedings for contempt . Both Barrios and Paz were key to the short-lived conviction of the 87-year-old retired general . "  The dirty campaign started last year , " Alberto Brunori , representative of the Office of the United Nations High Commissioner for Human Rights in Guatemala , told CNN en Espa  ol . "  It 's been a series of attacks in the media , etc. by various conservative sectors . " There 's no conclusive evidence that the actions against Paz and Barrios are retaliation for their role in prosecuting Guatemala 's one-time dictator , but the sentiment among many is that this is exactly what happened . Guatemala 's elite have long had a strong grip on power , and some experts say the elite feared that a decision against a stalwart of the old guard like Rios Montt could have opened the door to further prosecutions of former leaders . Longtime critics have also denounced organized crime gangs ' collusion with judges and courts . Some experts say these two corrupt factions have too much influence over the judiciary . The trial unearthed Guatemala 's complicated relationship with its own history as both protesters and supporters rallied outside the courtroom last year . Rios Montt came to power in a March 1982 coup , only to be overthrown 18 months later . During the trial , prosecutors argued that Rios Montt 's junta government oversaw the bloodiest period of the country 's 1960-1996 civil war that left more than 200,000 people dead and 1 million refugees , according to various truth commission reports . Leading figures , including President Otto Perez Molina , deny genocide took place in Guatemala . On the same day that the verdict came down in the Rios Montt trial , Perez Molina predicted that it would not stick . "  Today 's ruling is not set in stone , " the President told CNN en Espa  ol that night . "  Let 's just say it showed the good , the bad , and the ugly , " said Jo-Marie Burt of the conviction and subsequent reversal . Paz 's ousting and the sanction against Barrios signal that the entire legal system is still at risk , said Burt , senior fellow at the Washington Office on Latin America and political science professor at George Mason University . Barrios continues to stand by her verdict despite facing what she calls retaliation . "  History can not be undone , " she said . But Francisco Palomo , chief counsel for Rios Montt , calls the initial trial a "  farce , " and with several appeals in play , said it is possible that Rios Montt might avoid a second trial . To date , the general 's defense team has lodged over 70 motions and appeals . The most controversial move was a ruling on one of those appeals that basically reverted the trial back to its initial phases , undoing the conviction . "  Perhaps the kernel of light in this whole process is that it was much , much harder for the elites than it would have been 10 years ago , " said Marcie Mersky , program director at the International Center for Transitional Justice in New York and longtime Guatemala expert . "  They 've had to resort to outrageous forms of pressures and measures . " The Guatemalan Congress this week delivered the shortlist to the President of those favored to take the helm of the attorney general 's office , and Paz did not make the cut . "  With Paz driven out and being few days from having a new attorney general , this reflects that various power groups continue to benefit from maintaining impunity , " said Michel Andrade , coordinator of the Dutch watchdog Impunity Watch . For others like anti-impunity commissioner Ivan Velasquez , the future of the judicial system is really a test about the strength of the country 's democracy . "  After all , " he said , "  it 's the proper functioning of the judicial system that gives Guatemalan citizens faith in other structures within the state . " Guatemala has one of the highest murder rates in Latin America . The Central American nation of almost 15 million placed fifth deadliest in the United Nations Office on Drugs and Crime rankings this year . A recent U.S. State Department report stated that widespread institutional corruption continues to be a concern .	A year ago , Efrain Rios Montt was found guilty of genocide But the verdict was overturned within 10 days The attorney general and judge in the case have had their jobs affected Some say it is in retaliation for prosecuting Rios Montt
Moscow  CNN  -- Police in Russia are investigating the murder of two women found under a slogan backing the female punk rock band Pussy Riot , apparently written in the victims ' blood , officials said Thursday . The words "  Free Pussy Riot " were scrawled in English on the apartment wall above the bodies of a 76-year-old woman and her 38-year-old daughter , investigators in Russia 's Republic of Tatarstan said in a statement . The two women , who shared a home , are thought to have died of numerous stab wounds between August 24 and 26 in the city of Kazan , the Tatarstan investigative committee said . Their bodies were found Wednesday . An investigation has been launched to uncover the circumstances of the crime , as well as those responsible and their motive , the statement said . The murder inquiry comes two weeks after a court in Moscow sentenced three members of Pussy Riot to two years ' imprisonment , a conviction and verdict that prompted international condemnation . The three women were found guilty of hooliganism for performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals . Representatives of the jailed band members rejected the supposed link between Pussy Riot and the double murder in Kazan . "  I just found out about the incident in Kazan . Either it 's a terrible provocation ... Or psychiatry , " Violetta Volkova , a lawyer for Pussy Riot , tweeted . Those responsible "  need to be found and punished , " she said . Another lawyer for the band members , Nikolay Polozov , posted on Twitter : "  It 's weird that the media mention ` supporters of Pussy Riot ' while commenting on the murder in Kazan . Dear journalists , please wait for official statements from Investigative committee . " "  What happened in Kazan is terrible . Pussy Riot always supported peaceful protest , " he added . Whether the suspect or suspects in the Kazan murder are truly supporters of Pussy Riot remains unclear . Two other members of the band fled Russia this week "  because of the danger , " according to the husband of one of the three sent to prison . Public opinion in Russia is divided on the band , which specializes in provocative performances aimed at making political statements . Kazan , in western Russia , is one of the country 's larger cities , with more than a million inhabitants . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Lawyers for Pussy Riot condemn the murders , say the band backed peaceful protest Investigators : The words "  Free Pussy Riot " are scrawled on a wall above two murder victims The bodies are those of a 76-year-old woman and her daughter , investigators say Three members of the punk band Pussy Riot were sentenced to prison terms this month
CNN  -- The "  extraordinary " rush to develop an Ebola vaccine is moving forward apace , the lead researcher told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Tuesday , adding that the fast pace may engender ethical concerns about how it the vaccine is eventually implemented . "  This is , frankly , extraordinary , " Adrian Hill of the Jenner Institute at Oxford University said . "  We are trying to do in a few months something that might typically take 10 years . We 've had accelerated reviews of all our applications , regulatory and ethical approvals , and so on . " "  And we 're now trying to proceed so quickly that if things go well , by the end of the year , this vaccine might actually be being used in the three affected countries in West Africa . " He said that the vaccine has been shown to be "  really quite remarkably protective " in studies on monkeys at the National Institutes of Health in the U.S. Ebola drugs are in the works Researchers are under tremendous pressure to develop a vaccine , as over 3,400 people have died in West Africa and a Spanish nurse 's assistant was confirmed on Monday to be the first person to have contracted the virus outside of Africa . But even if researchers are able to make enough vaccine , and have data showing that it is safe for use in humans and produces good immune responses , Hill said that they will would not know that "  it actually works . " "  So we 're going to have to figure out a way of using the vaccine , and at the same time evaluating it . And there 's a great deal of discussion about how you might do that now . " Therein may lie ethical concerns . Your Ebola questions answered There is little worry , he said , about administering a vaccine to humans in a phase one trial , as he said will begin this week in West Africa . The issue is what you do after that . "  Once you 've shown safety in those individuals , do you go on to deploy the vaccine in a very large population -- ideally of health-care workers who are at greatest risk -- without knowing that the vaccine actually works ? " "  Or instead , do you wait several months -- maybe six months , maybe a year -- to prove absolutely that the vaccine has a certain efficacy and then start thinking about deploying it widely ? " "  And if you wait that long , the epidemic might either be over , or the whole thing might be completely out of control . " Tobacco plant may be key to Ebola drugs "  So that 's the challenge -- to figure out what the best thing to do , given those conflicting priorities as I 've described them . "	There is "  extraordinary " rush to develop Ebola vaccine , says scientist Adrian Hill Ethical questions arise in regard to when widely distribute vaccine , says Hill Hill : There are risks in rushing and risks in delaying
Cairo  CNN  -- A prominent Egyptian blogger freed by an Egyptian judge on Sunday lambasted the military government and said "  nothing has changed " since President Hosni Mubarak was ousted from power in February . "  It 's not the end of the case , that I am out . The real criminals , the generals of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , are still at large and they must be tried , " said Alaa Abd El-Fattah , whose case is pending further investigation . "  I have been released , but there are thousands that remain in prison . " El-Fattah , who has become a focal point of tensions between protesters and Egypt 's military rulers , headed directly to Cairo 's Tahrir Square , flanked by dozens of activists . "  Down with military rule , " the group chanted . "  The people want to execute Marshall Tantawi . " Mohamed Hussein Tantawi is field marshal of the supreme council , Egypt 's military rulers in the wake of former President Hosni Mubarak 's ouster in popular protests at the beginning of the year . Judge Tharwat Hamad , representing the prosecutor 's office , ordered El-Fattah 's release while authorities look into the clashes where he was arrested in late October . "  He is banned from traveling and no court date has been set yet , " said Adel Saeed , official spokesman for the General Prosecutor . El-Fattah is charged with resisting arrest , inciting violence against the army , killing members of the armed forces , attempting to storm the government TV building , and destroying Armed Forces buildings , Saeed said . The 29-year-old blogger , who was outspoken for years against Mubarak 's regime , was imprisoned October 30 amid battles between the military and pro-democracy protesters struggling to pave a clear path for their ongoing revolution . El-Fattah refused to answer questions of his interrogators ahead of a military tribunal and was detained originally for 15 days , which was extended for a month until his release . His sister Mona Seif , featured in a CNN documentary called "  iRevolution : Online Warriors Of The Arab Spring , " is a prominent activist and founding member of a group lobbying against trying civilians under military tribunals . "  I am so happy , " said Seif , who told CNN the whole family was waiting for him outside Cairo 's Security Directorate . "  He has been in jail unlawfully for close to two months , " Seif said , adding that the family was "  glad this judge was decent , unlike the corrupt judges who handled the case before . " Egyptian "  Twitteratis " celebrated el-Fattah 's release . The hashtag #AlaaisFree started trending globally . A computer software developer , el-Fattah participated in the January 25 uprisings that toppled Mubarak . Since then he has been speaking against the country 's military rulers . The Supreme Council says it will hand over power once a new government is in place . But many protesters fear the military is seeking to maintain a tight grip on the country . El-Fattah was among the activists who pointed fingers at the military after their attack on a Coptic Christian protest on October 9 that left 27 people dead at the epicenter of the clashes outside Egypt 's State TV building known as Maspero . His detention , along with 27 men charged in the same case , sparked international and local support , as many activists had identified with his work for years . In June , he founded and moderated " Tweet Nadwa , " a discussion based on the rules of Twitter conversations in which attendees raised political questions using only 140 characters . CNN attended the first such gathering , at which Alaa moderated a topic revolving around Egypt 's future , which was broadcast online . The symposium was also held in New York , moderated by Egyptians living in the United States . El-Fattah has spoken around the world since the toppling of Mubarak , including in Britain , Tunisia , South Africa and the United States . When his family received the prosecutor 's order summoning him for questioning last October , he was in San Francisco speaking to university students . Solidarity protests and sit-ins against his detention took place outside Egyptian embassies . Stencils of his portrait have been sprayed all over the walls of Tahrir Square , labeling him a hero . His wife Manal had their first baby while he was in prison . They named the boy Khaled , after Khaled Saeed , a man killed by Egyptian police . Saeed 's death sparked outrage among the opposition that helped lead to the uprising on January 25 , which culminated in Mubarak 's ouster February 11 . El-Fattah 's family started a Twitter account for the new baby and gave it the handle @Khalaaa , which now has more than 3,000 followers . When his wife visited him during his incarceration , he gave her a letter addressing Egyptian activists , which was published in a local newspaper . In it , he said the Supreme Council had "  hijacked " the revolution . And he compared his latest imprisonment with the jail time he served in 2006 during Mubarak 's era for views he posted on his blog against the regime at the time . "  I never expected to repeat the experience of five years ago , " El-Fattah wrote . "  After a revolution that deposed the tyrant , I go back to his jails ? "	NEW : Alaa Abd El-Fattah tells CNN that military rulers must face trials A judge freed him pending further investigation El-Fattah is banned from traveling He had a son while incarcerated
