Los Angeles  CNN  -- While Charlie Sheen works to "  conquer the medical issues " in rehab and his hit sitcom is on "  production hiatus , " a porn actress is talking about a two-day party she claims led to his collapse last week . Kacey Jordan appeared on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " Monday morning and she later tweeted "  the rest of the story " will air on "  Nightline " Monday evening . Sheen 's lawyer Yale Galanter responded with a written statement Monday . "  It is a shame that during this time , while Mr. Sheen has sought treatment on his own , opportunistic women are trying to take advantage of his celebrity status , " Galanter said . The actress described what she said was a nonstop party at Sheen 's Los Angeles home , including a large amount of cocaine use by Sheen . "  It was all over the bathroom counter , " Jordan said . "  You could see him like chiseling it off , putting it in there repeatedly . " Sheen proposed that she and several other porn actresses move into a mansion at his expense , Jordan said . "  He wanted us all to live in this huge house he was going to rent out and he 's like , ` You can have anything you want . Anything you want , you name it . It will be done within an hour , " Jordan told ABC . But the sex and drug allegations were n't the only revelations from Jordan . She claims Sheen wanted her to baby-sit his children . "  I think maybe the baby-sitting part was important to him , so that maybe when he was , you know , doing his drinking , you know , maybe that he did n't have to have his kids see him be like that and then have one of us girls watch them , " Jordan said . Denise Richards , an ex-wife who shares two young daughters with Sheen , apparently saw the ABC interview . Richards posted this message on her Twitter account soon after : "  If you caught GMA today . . FYI . . No ` adult film star ' will be babysitting our kids ! " Sheen voluntarily entered an undisclosed rehabilitation center for treatment Friday , Sheen representative Stan Rosenfield said . The announcement came a day after Sheen was rushed to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center , where Rosenfield said he was treated for severe pain related to a hernia . He checked out of the Los Angeles hospital Thursday night , he said . "  Charlie has had a hernia condition for some time , " Rosenfield said . "  I was told by the person who made the 911 call that it was hernia-related . " Sheen 's hit CBS sitcom "  Two and a Half Men " has been placed on "  production hiatus , " CBS and Warner Bros. . Television said Friday . "  We are profoundly concerned for his health and well-being , and support his decision , " their joint statement said . It was the second emergency trip to a hospital for Sheen in three months . He spent several hours in a New York hospital in October after police responded to an early morning call about "  an emotionally disturbed person " at the Plaza Hotel , a law enforcement source said at the time . Sheen 's representative blamed an "  adverse allergic reaction " to a medication . Sheen , the son of actor Martin Sheen , spent at least a month last year at a Malibu , California , rehab center , but it was never disclosed what he was treated for there . He was arrested in December 2009 after his wife , Brooke Mueller , told Aspen , Colorado , police that he threatened her with a knife at their holiday home . A Colorado judge allowed the actor to count his time at Promises of Malibu toward a 30-day jail sentence after he entered a guilty plea in August in that case . The plea deal reduced the charges from felony domestic violence to a misdemeanor third-degree assault count .	Kacey Jordan details what she says was actor 's two-day binge Sheen wanted to set up a house for porn stars to party , Jordan says The porn actress says Sheen wanted her to watch his children Sheen entered rehab last Friday
CNN  -- Most console video games these days imitate box-office blockbusters with life-like , amazing special effects , dramatic dialog and powerful storytelling . With its blocky cartoonishness , the LEGO franchise flips that convention on its head . Developed by the company Traveler 's Tales , the latest in the LEGO series , "  LEGO The Lord of the Rings , " puts Frodo , Gandalf , Aragorn and the rest of the characters from "  The Lord of the Rings " trilogy into block toy form as they trace storylines from the popular books and movies . This is n't the first time Traveler 's Tales has taken aim at a popular movie icon and transformed it into LEGOs . Harry Potter , "  Star Wars " and Indiana Jones characters have been made into toy-like video games with some success . With the popular Lord of the Rings franchise , however , the stakes are higher , and the company rose to the occasion by staying true to the story as it was presented on the big screen . In "  LEGO The Lord of the Rings , " the characters ' voices are the same as those heard in the movies ; the dialog , too , is unchanged . Nicholas Ricks , executive producer for Traveler 's Tales , said that true-to-movie setup created some challenges . It was unclear , for instance , if dramatic dialog would translate into lighter , LEGO humor . Fortunately , he said , it worked out well . "  We actually gained quite a lot of humor and , in addition , we can also convey the complexities of the characters a lot more easily than we thought , " Ricks said . He added : "  It 's what LEGO brings to the party . That lightness of touch , that familiarity , that humor brings those darker moments up to a level that seems age appropriate . " Here 's an example : In one Lord of the Rings movie , Frodo and Sam look upon Mordor for the first time . Frodo says , "  Sam , I 'm glad you 're with me . " The LEGO version uses the same scene and the same lines . But , as Frodo delivers his line in the game , he also loads Sam up with gear supplies . "  The inclusion of the dialog allows us to retain the cinematic quality , although it is LEGO-recreated , " Ricks said . "  It allows us to tell the story a lot better . But we still have bags of humor that plays with that irreverence that you 'd suspect from a LEGO game . " The appeal of these two popular franchises combined in a video game is expected to hit a wide audience from older fans who read the J.R.R. Tolkien series in the 1960s and 70s as teens to the younger generation who can quote lines from the movie from memory and who are the target audience for the LEGO toys . The balance between the two audiences is tricky . "  For our youngest gamer , say a 7-year-old lad , we need to ensure they can play this story , have fun and be rewarded and still feel like it is an epic adventure , " Ricks said . "  But playing through all the game , through the free play sections , collecting the 40 new magical items and finding and discovering new characters -- those kinds of things go for the old gamers . " The game does include some dark moments . Ricks said the company does n't shy away from characters getting killed , but they do it LEGO style . "  LEGO The Lord of the Rings " was released for PlayStation 3 , Xbox 360 , PC and Nintendo Wii on November 13 in North America . It will be released in Europe on Friday . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Larry Frum .	Characters in "  LEGO The Lord of the Rings " deliver real lines from the movies The company behind the game says the blocky characters lighten the mood Producer : "  It 's what LEGO brings to the party . That lightness of touch "
CNN  -- Professional kiteboarder Sean Reyngoudt is unique -- and it is not just the dangerous stunts he performs that set him apart . "  I 'll be out there doing all my tricks and everything -- having a good time and then I come in to the beach and people realize that I 'm missing my leg and they are totally shocked by it , " says Reyngoudt . Reyngoudt , 27 , is an amputee . About eight years ago , he fell off a forklift and the accident caused him to lose his left leg just below the knee . Before the accident , Reyngoudt had played football , baseball , soccer and ran track for his high school team . His mother Esthi Reyngoudt was devastated when she saw her son after the surgery . "  I just saw my kid without a leg and thought that he would sit around on the couch and he would n't be able to do anything anymore , " she said . That thought did not last long , since her son was back in the water swimming before he was even fitted for his prosthesis . "  When I first got my prosthesis , that made a huge difference , " says Reyngoudt , "  I was running out of their office . " He has n't stopped running since . It was soon after when Reyngoudt took up extreme sports like kiteboarding and wakeboarding . His dedication and perseverance had Reyngoudt exceeding all expectation and his talent landed him a spot on the Best Kiteboarding Team . He now competes solo . Fellow professional kiteboarder Matt Sexton agrees that it is Reyngoudt 's abilities and not his unique status as the only professional amputee that earns him respect . "  He 's beaten us a lot of times in races and freestyle stuff , " says Sexton . "  It 's motivating for us as much as it is for people sharing the same problems as his . " Reyngoudt says he does n't view his amputation as a problem . He says he looks at it as more of a challenge -- one that he appears to have overcome . "  We actually have a poster of Sean up in the shop , riding , " says Mike Walsh , owner of Otherside Boardsports a sponsor of Reyngoudt . "  Unless you look close , it 's just a sick picture of a kiteboarder doing a nice trick . " Walsh did n't look close when he first met Reyngoudt . He says Reyngoudt must have been wearing long pants when he first started coming into his shop because it took months until Walsh noticed his leg . It was Reyngoudt 's talent that Walsh first noticed . "  It is a disability , but I do n't think he 's by any means disabled . " "  I do n't have a disabled parking sticker on my car , I enjoy walking far away from the store , " Reyngoudt says . "  It does n't bother me . " Referring to him as disabled does n't bother him either , says Reyngoudt . "  I think what every amputee should do is to just take full advantage of what you have . And live life every day as you can and enjoy it . " Reyngoudt and his friends enjoy spending every minute they can out on the water where he is n't treated any different . Walsh says , "  It just takes an extra minute to get ready , but other than that , he 's just one of the boys . " Getting treated like and acting like one of the boys is exactly what his mother hoped for after her son 's accident . Offering advice to other families of amputees , Esthi Reyngoudt says , "  You got to encourage them to get up every day and do what they did before and not give up . Because it 's not the end of the world . It 's your attitude that keeps you going . " It 's Reyngoudt 's attitude that has put him in the unique position of being the only professional kiteboarder that happens to be an amputee . "  He 's an excellent ambassador for the sport , " and that has nothing to do with his leg , says Walsh , and everything to do with "  his personality , his perseverance , his commitment , his loyalty . "	Sean Reyngoudt is a professional kiteboarder , which includes dangerous stunts He learned the sport after losing his leg in an accident Before his accident , Reyngoudt played football , baseball , soccer and ran track Reyngoudt : "  Live life every day as you can and enjoy it "
"  Find a way . " That 's the mantra Diana Nyad said she had this year . And that 's exactly what she did . On Monday , Nyad became the first person to swim from Cuba to Florida without a protective cage , willing her way to a Key West beach just before 2 p.m. ET , nearly 53 hours after jumping into the ocean in Havana for her fifth try in 35 years . Shortly after conquering the Straits of Florida , the 64-year-old endurance swimmer sat down with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  It 's all authentic . It 's a great story . You have a dream 35 years ago -- does n't come to fruition , but you move on with life . But it 's somewhere back there . Then you turn 60 , and your mom just dies , and you 're looking for something . And the dream comes waking out of your imagination , " Nyad said . The swim was n't easy . "  With all the experience I have , especially in this ocean , I never knew I would suffer the way I did , " she said . "  For 49 hours the wind just blew like heck , and it was rough . " At one point , she was vomiting because she had so much salt water in her system and was shivering . She sang lullabies to help her relax . "  It was really rough that first day , Saturday , after the start and I just said : ` Forget about the surface up . Get your hands in somehow , and with your left hand , say , push Cuba back , and push Florida towards you , ' " Nyad said . Through it all , she held her mantra close : "  You do n't like it . It 's not doing well . Find a way . " ` You are never too old ' Dozens of onlookers -- some in kayaks and boats , many others wading in the water or standing on shore -- gathered to cheer Nyad on as she finished the more than 100-mile swim . She pumped her fist as she walked onto the beach toward an awaiting medic before being guided to an ambulance . "  I got three messages , " an exhausted and happy Nyad told reporters . Her face was sunburned and swollen . "  One is we should never , ever give up . Two is you never are too old to chase your dreams . Three is it looks like a solitary sport , but it 's a team , " she said . The swim was a long-awaited triumph for Nyad , who was making her fifth attempt since 1978 and her fourth since turning 60 . The first four tries were marked by gut-wrenching setbacks ; if the rough , strength-sapping seas did n't force her to quit , an hours-long asthma attack or paralyzing and excruciating jellyfish stings did . But for this swim , besides donning a suit meant to protect her against her jellyfish nemesis , she wore a special mask to prevent jellyfish stings to her tongue , a key factor in her failed attempt last year . Nyad , who was 29 when she first tried the swim , said last week that she wanted to show that "  you can dream at any age . " "  This time , I am 64 . So , the years of my life are shorter to the end , " she said at a news conference in Havana on Friday . "  So this time I am , all the way across ... going to think about all those life lessons that came up during the swim . " Fatigue almost seemed poised to derail her again early Monday . About 7:30 a.m. ET , she was slurring her speech because of a swollen tongue and lips , her support team reported on its website . As the team called her around dawn for her first feeding since midnight , she took longer than normal to reach the support boat , the report said . Divers swam ahead of her , collecting jellyfish and moving them out of Nyad 's path . Swimmer 's challenge : Cross 103 miles of shark-infested water When instructed Monday morning to follow the path that 's been cleared for her , she flashed her sense of humor , replying , "  I 've never been able to follow it in my life , " according to the website . ` Tell me what your dreams are ' Nyad 's home stretch followed an overnight in which she became so cold , the team did n't stop her for feeding until first light "  in the hopes that swimming would keep her warm , " the website said . Every stroke she swam put her deeper into record territory . On Sunday night , she broke Penny Palfrey 's record for the farthest anyone has managed on the trek without a shark cage . In 1997 , Australian Susie Maroney completed the swim from within a shark cage . She was 22 at the time . Nyad set out from Havana at 8:59 a.m. Saturday with a crew of 35 , including divers to watch for sharks . In her first attempt to cross the Straits of Florida in 1978 , rough seas left her battered , delirious and less than halfway toward her goal . She tried again twice in 2011 , but her efforts ended after an 11-hour asthma attack and jellyfish stings . Last year , she abandoned an attempt about halfway through after severe jellyfish stings and a lightning storm put her in danger . Nyad was a swimming sensation before these attempts . In the 1970s , she won multiple swimming marathons and was one of the first women to swim around the island of Manhattan . She was 8 years old when she first dreamed about swimming across the Straits of Florida . At the time , Nyad was in Cuba on a trip from her home in Florida in the 1950s , before Fidel Castro led a Communist takeover in Cuba and the country 's relations with the United States soured . The Los Angeles woman had said this was going to be her final attempt . "  I decided , this one no matter what happened , I do n't want that experience again -- like right now , tonight -- talking to you about the journey is worth everything . It is . But I did n't want to be here packing up again , " Nyad told CNN 's Gupta . She demurred when he described her as a hero but said she hopes she can serve as some sort of inspiration . "  I think that a lot of people in our country have gotten depressed , pinned in , pinned down with living lives they do n't want , " Nyad said . She continued : "  I do write all the time about -- you tell me what your dreams are . What are you chasing ? It 's not impossible . Name it . " 14-year-old swims solo across Lake Ontario	Diana Nyad sits down with CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta "  You are never too old to chase your dreams , " she says after 53-hour swim Nyad becomes first person to swim from Cuba to Florida without shark cage This was Nyad 's fifth and final attempt to make 103-mile swim
The United States has n't abandoned Robert Levinson , the retired FBI agent described by his wife as the "  longest-held American hostage , " Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday . "  There has n't been progress in the sense that we do n't have him back . But to suggest that we 've abandoned him or anybody ... is simply incorrect and not helpful , " Kerry told ABC 's "  This Week . " "  The fact is that I have personally raised the issue , not only at the highest level that I have been involved with , but also through other intermediaries . " Levinson disappeared in Iran in March 2007 during a business trip , purportedly undertaken as a private investigator looking into cigarette smuggling . However , The Associated Press and the Washington Post reported Thursday that contrary to what the State Department and Levinson 's family have said for years , Levinson actually was working for the CIA in Iran . And a source involved in the matter told CNN there 's proof that Levinson worked for the CIA undercover , and under contract , while also working as a private investigator . White House : Levinson not a government employee when he made Iran trip That allegation does n't sit well with Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona , who is on the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations . "  What disturbs me is apparently they did not tell the truth to the Congress . The CIA did not tell the truth to the American Congress about Mr. Levinson , " McCain said Sunday on CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  If that 's true , then you put this on top of things that our intelligence committees did n't know about other activities , which have been revealed by  NSA leaker Edward  Snowden -- maybe it means that we should be examining the oversight role of Congress over our different intelligence agencies . " Iran 's government repeatedly has said it is not holding Levinson and does not know his whereabouts . During a September interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour , Iranian President Hassan Rouhani was asked what he could tell Levinson 's family . "  We do n't know where he is , who he is , " Rouhani said . "  He is an American who has disappeared . We have no news of him . " McCain : CIA did not tell Congress the truth about Levinson Kerry said the United States is still looking for proof that Levinson is alive . A "  number of different channels " are "  being worked aggressively , " he said . Iran 's previous president , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , said he was willing to help find Levinson , and the family received what then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton described in 2010 as "  proof of life . " In 2011 , the State Department said new evidence suggested that Levinson , who has diabetes and high blood pressure , was alive and being held somewhere in southwest Asia . This year , a source with knowledge of the investigation told CNN , "  We have every reason to believe that he 's alive and that the Iranians control his fate . " Asked whether he believes the Iranian government is responsible for Levinson 's disappearance , Kerry said he thinks the government "  has the ability to help us here , and we hope they will . " McCain said he was "  confident we are doing everything that we can " to get Levinson released from Iran , He added that any negotiations in Levinson 's case should also include attempts to free other Americans who are believed to be in Iranian custody . Report : Iran arrests alleged MI6 spy working for Britain in Iran	Secretary of State John Kerry says he 's raised issue of Levinson "  at the highest level " Levinson disappeared almost 7 years ago on an alleged business trip Multiple reports this past week suggest Levinson may have been working for the CIA McCain : If the government lied about Levinson , it may be time to reassess oversight
CNN  -- After a rocket landed late Saturday in its territory , Israel retaliated by going after "  two terror activity sites in the southern and in the central Gaza Strip , " its military said . Israel Defense Forces said on its blog that the rocket fired out of Gaza landed in Sdot Negev Regional Council around 11 p.m.  6 p.m. ET  , spurring sirens to go off there . The military subsequently tweeted that there were "  no injuries . " An IDF spokesman told CNN that the rocket caused no notable destruction , having landed in an open area . That led to Israel 's retaliatory strike against targets that IDF spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said are "  part of the terrorist support network , enhancing terror capabilities against Israel and it civilians . " "  As long as Hamas enables its henchmen to attack Israel , these sites will not be immune from our watchful eye and operational strike , while they are used to formulate , train and develop malicious terrorist intentions , " Lerner said in a statement . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Israel says a rocket fired from Gaza landed , causing no injuries Israel 's military responds by going after "  two terror activity sites " in Gaza
CNN  -- The first official trailer for 2015 's "  Peanuts " movie has been released , and good grief -- it 's actually pretty cute . Blue Sky Studios and 20th Century Fox rolled out the two-minute clip on Tuesday , giving another look at what Charlie Brown , Snoopy , Lucy and the rest look like in CGI . The companies released a teaser trailer in March . The new trailer was supposed to be unveiled on Thanksgiving Day but leaked online early -- and it seems Snoopy is to blame . While the characters are rendered in a new way , some things never change : The familiar theme song is still intact , Snoopy still has a highflying imagination , and poor Charlie Brown is still the butt of everyone 's jokes . The "  Peanuts " comic was introduced by artist Charles Schulz in 1950 , and keeping the spirit of his work intact is paramount for the crew behind the "  Peanuts " movie . "  Our No. 1 goal was always to be authentic to  Schulz 's  work and legacy , " Schulz 's son Craig told USA Today in March . "  I 'm way more protective than my father would have been . The fans have been asking for a long time , but we held off until the time was right . " Craig Schulz co-wrote the "  Peanuts " script with his son , Bryan , and Bryan 's screenwriting partner Cornelius Uliano . "  Horton Hears a Who " and "  Ice Age : Continental Drift " director Steve Martino is at the helm of the project , which is also being produced by filmmaker Paul Feig . "  Snoopy will not be rapping ,  and  no one will be twerking , " Feig has previously promised . "  We 're in good hands . "	A new "  Peanuts " trailer leaked Tuesday It was supposed to arrive on Thanksgiving The movie will bow in 2015
Soma , Turkey  CNN  -- The search for victims of this week 's coal mine fire in Turkey is now over , with a final death toll of 301 , Turkish government officials said Saturday . Authorities believe they have now recovered the bodies of all the workers who perished in the Soma mine when the fire erupted Tuesday . The investigation into what caused the deadliest disaster in Turkish mining history continues , the Natural Disaster and Emergency Coordination Directorate said . The final bodies were pulled out Saturday afternoon , Turkish Energy Minister Taner Yildiz said . However , as the recovery effort comes to an end , controversy over Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan 's response to the tragedy refuses to blow over . On Friday , police in the western city used tear gas , plastic pellets and a water cannon on protesters angered by the government 's response . The protesters , dressed mostly in black , chanted "  Do n't sleep , Soma , remember your dead ! " as they passed through city streets a few miles from the disaster site , trying to reach a statue honoring miners . Amid a rising tide of discontent , local authorities have banned protests in Soma and apparently clamped down on those taking part . Lawyers ' representatives told Turkish broadcaster DHA that eight lawyers and 25 other citizens were detained Saturday . The lawyers were in town to try to help represent families of the dead miners . Abdurrahman Savas , the governer of Manisa province , where Soma is located , declined to say how many people had been detained over the protests . But he told reporters that the authorities took the decision Friday to ban rallies and demonstrations in Soma in order to maintain peace and security . He said that "  this is not to prevent freedom of expression . " Distrust of the government is running high in certain sectors of society , with some voicing doubts about the official count of those missing , while others question the fact no one has yet taken responsibility for the tragedy . Some are also critical of the authorities ' use of tear gas and water cannon against demonstrators . Erdogan 's missteps Public anger has been fueled in part by Erdogan 's own missteps while visiting the scene of the disaster Wednesday . First , Erdogan 's comments to relatives of dead and injured miners , in which he described the disaster as par for the course in a dangerous business , were seen as highly insensitive and drew scathing criticism . Then video taken on the same day in Soma showed Erdogan telling a man "  do n't be nasty , " according to the footage aired Friday by DHA . The remarks initially reported and translated by DHA were confirmed by a CNN native Turkish speaker . "  What happened , happened . It is from God ... If you boo the country 's prime minister , you get slapped , " Erdogan is heard saying . That was after another video clip emerged showing a crowd outside a grocery store angrily booing Erdogan . As the Prime Minister entered the crowded store , he appeared to put his arm around the neck of a man who was later identified as a miner . After the confrontation , the video captured what appeared to be Erdogan 's security guards beating the same man to the floor . The miner said later that Erdogan slapped him , possibly by mistake . He wants an apology for the way he was treated by the Prime Minister 's staff . In addition , a photograph surfaced Wednesday of an aide to Erdogan kicking a protester , an image that quickly became a symbol of the anger felt by many against the government , and amid mounting questions over safety practices at the mine . Huseyin Celik , a spokesman for the ruling Justice and Development Party , or AKP , dismissed the grocery store incident and said the image of the aide , Yusuf Yerkel , kicking the protester was misleading . Yerkel was quoted by Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu news agency Thursday as saying that he had been deeply saddened by the previous day 's events . "  I am sad that I could not keep my calm in the face of all the provocation , insults and attacks that I was subjected to that day , " he reportedly said . Questions over safety chambers The mine complex exploded in flames for unknown reasons Tuesday -- trapping many miners deep underground . Among other issues , mine officials indicated Friday that workers may not have had access to an emergency refuge where they could have sheltered from the flames and choking fumes . Site manager Akin Celik told reporters that the mine had closed one emergency refuge when excavation work moved to a lower area . Miners were building , but had not finished , a new safety chamber at the lower level , he said . The owner of the company , Alp Gurman , said the mine met the highest standards laid out by the law in Turkey . The company , he said , had no legal obligation to build safety chambers . Asked about that issue , Minister of Labor and Social Security Faruk Celik defended Turkey 's workplace safety act and said it was set up within the framework of EU regulations , according to CNN Turk . "  This is a dynamic area , " he said , adding that it is the duty of each company to ensure workers ' safety needs are met . "  Could people be sent to death because a certain sentence is not in the regulations ? " he said . Istanbul Technical University said it had dropped Gurman and a fellow Soma Holding manager , Ismet Kasapoglu , from an advisory panel in its mining faculty , following protests and an occupation by students at the university , CNN Turk reported . Yildiz , speaking to journalists earlier Saturday , when the death toll stood at 299 , said 15 bodies had been recovered overnight . Most have been returned to their families but DNA testing is being carried out on the remains of 13 people , the Energy Minister said . Fumes from a new fire , a few hundred yards from the one that broke out Tuesday , hindered search and recovery efforts Saturday , Yildiz said . Initial reports said the main fire was sparked by a transformer explosion , but Celik told reporters Friday that the cause of the fire was still unknown . Asked what had happened , he said , "  We do n't know either . Never seen anything like this before . We are trying to find out . " Political bonfire Hundreds have also taken to the streets this week in anti-government protests in Istanbul and Ankara , with police answering , in some cases , with water cannons and tear gas . As Erdogan took a stroll through the city , onlookers showered him with deafening jeers as well as chants of "  Resign , Prime Minister ! " Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu defended Erdogan in an interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour on Thursday . "  He was feeling all these pains in his heart , " he said . "  Everybody knows that our Prime Minister is always with the people , and always feels the pain of the people . Otherwise , he would n't get such a high support in eight elections in  the  last 10 years . " But the disaster opened up an old political wound . Opposition politician Ozgur Ozel from the Manisa region , which includes Soma , filed a proposal in late April to investigate Turkish mines after repeated deadly accidents . Erdogan 's government rejected the proposal . It claimed that the mine , owned by SOMA Komur Isletmeleri A.S. , had passed recent inspections . A Turkish engineers ' association criticized mine ventilation and safety equipment this week as being "  insufficient and old . " A lack of safety inspections has caused 100 coal mines to be closed in the last three years , according to Turkey 's Energy Ministry . President Abdullah Gul , speaking as he visited Soma on Thursday , said he was sure the investigation already begun would "  shed light " on what regulations are needed . "  Whatever is necessary will be done , " he said . Despair , anger , dwindling hope after Turkey coal mine fire Gul Tuysuz and Ivan Watson reported from western Turkey , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Talia Kayali and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Search efforts are now over with a confirmed death toll of 301 , government officials say "  If you boo the country 's prime minister , you get slapped , " Turkey 's PM says in video Mine owner says the Soma site met the standards required by Turkish law Ruling party spokesman says PM 's aide kicked a protester after he was attacked by him
CNN  -- Since the death penalty was reinstated in Colorado more than 35 years ago , the state has executed just one person . Now comes the case of James Holmes , who faces 166 counts of murder and attempted murder for a shooting at an Aurora movie theater that left 12 people dead and 58 wounded . If there ever was a poster boy for capital punishment , legal analysts say , the 25-year-old Holmes would fit the bill . On Monday , Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler said he will seek the death penalty in the case despite a defense request to take capital punishment off the table if Holmes pleaded guilty . Deciding whether to pursue the death penalty was a delicate balancing act for the state , said CNN legal contributor Paul Callan . Any time someone is sentenced to death , the sentence is n't carried out right away . Usually the appeals process takes 10 years to wind its way through the courts , he said . In addition , more and more states are abolishing the death penalty . Currently , 33 states have the legal option of imposing the death penalty , while 17 plus the District of Columbia do not . "  The prosecutor is walking a tight rope , " Callan told CNN last week . Some people would be furious if Holmes received life in prison after such a brutal crime , Callan said . But even if Holmes is sentenced to death , there are no guarantees . "  He is looking at ... the realistic view of the world , " Callan said , "  which is , even if I get the death penalty , it will probably never be imposed . " Complicated decision for prosecution The death penalty was reinstated in Colorado in 1976 . In that time , the state carried out one execution -- in 1997 . Right now , three people sit on Colorado 's death row . Prosecutors had a lot to consider in determining whether Holmes , if convicted , should join them . "  The voters enacted the death penalty in Colorado . This case is the poster boy for that , " Callan said . Holmes ' attorneys have said they intend to pursue an insanity defense . And that , said David Beller , a defense attorney not associated with the case , can make the prosecution 's decision to seek the death penalty more complicated . "  The Supreme Court , and really society , has been very clear : We do n't kill , we do n't execute people who are mentally ill . We just do n't do it , " he said . In deciding to seek the death penalty , prosecutors also had to weigh the impact on the families of the victims since the case could go on for a year , with a string of appeals likely . Prosecutors blast defense Monday 's hearing came less than a week after Holmes ' defense team filed documents saying Holmes had offered to plead guilty and spend the rest of his life in jail . Colorado theater shooting suspect offers to plead guilty Prosecutors took the defense to task for publicly offering it , saying they were n't given enough information to even consider such a deal . "  Not only improper , but grossly improper , " prosecutors said in a Thursday court filing . "  For the intended purpose of generating predictable publicity " Attorneys on both sides are under a gag order , leaving case watchers to divine tactics from court documents . "  Prior to arraignment , Mr. Holmes made an offer to the prosecution to resolve this case by pleading guilty and spending the rest of his life in prison , without any opportunity for parole , " the documents filed by the defense team read . Last month , a judge entered a standard plea of not guilty for Holmes , who is accused in the July 20 shooting . In the documents filed Wednesday , his attorneys said they are still exploring a mental health defense , "  and counsel will vigorously present and argue any and all appropriate defenses at a trial or sentencing proceeding , as necessary . " Holmes ' lawyers blast Colorado 's insanity defense laws The case against Holmes Federal agents have said the former University of Colorado doctoral student planned the attack for months . He began buying guns last May , allegedly building an arsenal of two Glock handguns , an AR-15 rifle , a shotgun and 6,295 rounds of ammunition . Authorities say Holmes booby-trapped his apartment with explosives , then traveled to the movie theater armed with the weapons , tear gas and body armor planning to kill audience members during a screening of "  The Dark Knight Rises . " Witnesses who spoke to CNN said the gunman roamed the theater , shooting randomly as people tried to scramble away or cowered between seats . "  This is not a ` whodunit . ' Everybody knows that James Holmes committed these horrible murders . The question is what punishment he will get , " said CNN senior legal analyst Jeffrey Toobin . "  If they  defense attorneys  can get life in prison , they will consider this a victory . " Holmes ' trial date has been set for February 3 . ` Truth serum ' wo n't reveal mind of James Holmes CNN 's Jim Spellman and Catherine E. Shoichet contributed to this report .	NEW : James Holmes ' trial date has been set for February 3 Prosecutors say they will seek the death penalty in the case Defense offered last week that James Holmes would plead guilty to avoid death penalty Colorado has only executed one person since 1976
CNN  -- As the streets of New York and other cities filled with people protesting the non-indictment in the choking death of Eric Garner , defenders of the police generally fixated on Garner 's health . Because Garner was obese , diabetic , asthmatic , suffered from sleep apnea , and had a heart condition , goes the argument , he was somehow to blame for his own death . Representative Peter King , R-New York , for example , went on CNN to thank the grand jury for not indicting Officer Daniel Panteleo . "  You had a 350-pound person who was resisting arrest . The police were trying to bring him down as quickly as possible , " King said . "  If he had not had asthma and a heart condition and was so obese , almost definitely he would not have died . " King 's comments have been echoed elsewhere , including by many law enforcement commentators on the site , PoliceOne.com . Their comments repeatedly invoke Garner 's health , saying things such as , "  This guy would have died going up a flight of stairs , " "  He died because of his preexisting medical conditions , " and "  His family should sue Papa Johns , Dominos , Pizza Hut , Burger King , McDonalds . " What we are seeing in the death of Eric Garner and the reaction to the initial exoneration of his killer , is the intersection of racism , fat-hatred  as discussed by Melissa McEwan  , and the failure of law enforcement to accommodate disability . Garner 's case is not the first to suffer from these deadly intersections -- the language we 've heard echoes numerous other cases in which police and their defenders blame disability for the results of police violence . Sadly , it also wo n't be the last , unless we stop letting people use one type of discrimination to defend against another . When Ethan Saylor , a man with Down syndrome , was allegedly killed by asphyxiation by "  off-duty deputies moonlighting as security guards , " Saylor 's disability and weight ended up being blamed . Their sheriff reportedly said that Saylor died because of a "  medical emergency . " The coroner likewise blamed Down syndrome and size for the death , and the grand jury did n't indict . As with Garner , there is some truth to the focus on health , but none of that would have mattered if law enforcement had n't applied pressure to the throat . It 's not just physical disability . It seems that every time a person with schizophrenia or other psychiatric disabilities gets hurt by law enforcement , the officers justify their actions by explaining that the individual acted in unpredictable ways , was potentially threatening , and so force had to be applied . We saw this after the death of Kajieme Powell in St. Louis last August . More recently , Tanesha Anderson died after allegedly being taken down to the ground by an officer . In Bessemer , Alabama , Donald Wilson was shot  but survived  . Wilson and Powell both had small knives , were alleged to have known to be in mental-health crisis , and were shot after they reacted to officers entering close proximity . In all these cases , patience would likely have saved lives . According to the American with Disabilities Act  ADA  , we must all provide "  reasonable accommodations " to people with disabilities . I have argued before on CNN that this principle must be applied by the police even when they want to take people with disabilities into custody . In fact , this argument is the core question of Sheehan vs San Francisco , a case that the Supreme Court just agreed to hear . Sheehan , a woman with psychiatric disabilities , was shot by police in 2008 . She 's sued under the ADA , claiming that her disability was not reasonably accommodated when police charged into her room without backup , got close to her , and then shot her when she did n't immediately comply . How the high court rules on the case will shape law enforcement reactions to disability for the foreseeable future . I argue that far from exonerating Panteleo , the focus on Garner 's health merely tries to conceal structural racism under the cloak of ableism . It is not "  reasonable " to place an unarmed man like Garner in a chokehold . He was not a threat , he was known to be suffering from health issues , and he was obviously obese . Yes , without those health issues Garner might well have survived , but their presence excuses nothing . Rather , they reveal the ways in which one form of discrimination intensifies when linked to another . When something like Garner 's death happens , we have to be willing to approach it as an intersection of multiple factors . Ableism does n't excuse racism . Racism does n't excuse fat-hatred . Fat-hatred does n't excuse the class-based discrimination . Rather , they sweep together , enabling us to see patterns of prejudice and their horrific outcomes . And when we can see the whole , then we can concentrate on solutions that address them all , such as demanding reasonable accommodations , reforming police procedure , and reinforcing basic civil rights for all Americans .	David Perry : Defenders of police in Garner case have focused on health One type of discrimination can not be used to defend against another : Perry Not "  reasonable " to place unarmed man like Garner in a chokehold , he says
Washington  CNN  -- Former Massachusetts governor and Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney dodged questions again on whether he 'd consider mounting a third bid for the White House in an interview Monday , singling out another former governor instead . "  If you look at  the 2016 Republican field  and see no Jeb Bush , no Chris Christie , no one who you think can raise the money and compete against the Democratic nominee then you 'll think about it ? " Mark Halperin , co-host of Bloomberg 's "  With All Due Respect , " asked Romney in an interview Monday night . "  I think Jeb is an excellent person , could be a terrific president , " Romney said , predicting a wide field of "  15 or so people on the stage at the first debate . " "  I 'm not running , I 'm not planning on running , and I got nothing new on that story , " he said . Romney shifts spotlight to McConnell While viewers did n't learn anything new about Romney 's plans , they did get another peek into Romney 's personal side -- which has emerged more and more from the guarded image of Romney that voters were exposed to two years ago . In an evolution from his stiff , buttoned-up demeanor that was often lampooned during his previous White House runs , Romney dished in the interview on his favorite television show , his grandchildren and even a leg massage . On "  Downton Abbey " : "  I think the show was most enjoyable in the first season . Then when Matthew  Crawley  went off to war , it was a bit of a departure for a few seasons , " Romney said , straight-faced . "  I actually like the downstairs part more than the upstairs part , even though I think Mary  Crawley  is an absolutely delightful character and I love watching her . " "  Are we really talking about ` Downton Abbey ' ? " he said , laughing . Romney 's wife , Ann , spoke previously about her family 's penchant for the British drama in July 2012 , prompting Halperin 's question . Sizing up a Clinton-Romney race On the downfalls of glad-handing on the campaign trail : "  I shook so many hands at a couple of events that I began to get a kink in my back and so I asked the guy who traveled with me ... ` Can you find someone to get me a back massage at the hotel tonight ? ' " "  And she gave me a massage , she was Hispanic-American , after I left to get changed and showered and so forth , she turned to  Romney 's assistant  and said , ` Is he a dancer ? ' That was the best compliment I have ever had . " What made her ask ? "  The legs , " he said . "  Strong legs . They 're bird legs actually but she thought they were strong . " Will Mitt Romney take the plunge again ? On his large family : Near the conclusion of the interview , Romney was subjected to a memory test when the co-hosts asked him to name each of his grandchildren as a family picture was projected on a large screen in the studio . "  I know my grandchildren , " he said , before exchanging an awkward fist-bump with the show 's hosts .	Former candidate Mitt Romney insists a 2016 presidential run is n't in the cards Instead , he says former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush could be a "  terrific president " Romney dishes on his favorite TV show , his grandchildren and his "  best compliment "
CNN  Amsterdam should be a cyclist 's dream . It 's pancake flat , it 's riddled with cycle tracks and almost everyone gets around on two wheels . There are so many bikes it looks like -- hard though this may be to imagine -- the Tour de France for normal riders . In reality , it 's a nightmare , or at least it is until you grasp the rules of the road -- and then it 's a blast . Within seven minutes of taking possession of my Dutch rental bike , a motor scooter nearly rams me into a canal . By the time my first hour is up , I 've been verbally abused for halting abruptly in a cycle lane , and been loudly tooted at by a tram after getting my tires stuck in its tracks . I 'm not the only one . All around Amsterdam hapless bike-borne visitors can be seen wobbling into the paths of furious Dutch cyclists . "  Tourists think they 're in Disneyworld , " says Geert Gelissen , who runs FietsConsult , a side-street cycle hire and repair shop in the Dutch capital . "  And Dutch people think they 're God on a bicycle . "  It 's a problem . As soon as summer starts , I sell more of these things than anything else , " he adds , brandishing an enormous brass bike bell the size of a clenched fist . "  Customers come into my shop and scream ` arrrrgghh ! ' " With more rental bike shops opening every year , the problem could get worse -- unless , of course , tourists grasp the essentials of riding in Amsterdam . It 's not hard though . Here 's what I picked up . Ride it like you stole it Pedal slowly while gawping at tulips , or stop to check your map , and pretty soon all of Amsterdam will hate you . "  When we 're on bikes , Dutch people are always in a hurry , even when they 're not in a hurry , " says Guy Collot d'Esury , another Amsterdam bike mechanic . "  You do n't have to ride like us , but if you ca n't , just stay out of our way and you 'll be fine . " But make sure someone else does n't steal it "  If it is n't locked to Earth , then expect it to go , " says Samantha Shaffer , an economics major from Washington , D.C. , whose year-long studies in Amsterdam have literally and figuratively included a crash course in Dutch cycling . An estimated 55,000 bikes go missing annually in the city , fueling rumors of gangs targeting them to smuggle to Eastern Europe . "  People are afraid to buy brand new bikes , so they get some old thing for 100 euros  $ 136  , " says Gelissen . "  But if you lock it to something secure the chances are better . " Be careful where you lock it though . Amsterdam authorities have begun removing bikes locked outside of extensive designated cycle parks on canals and at the central station . It 's a long walk to the pound on the outskirts of town to get it back . Try not to look like a tourist Using one of the major rental companies gives the advantage of a citywide support network , but it also saddles customers with a brightly colored bike . Less cycle-related abuse is attracted from locals if the ride does n't shout "  I 'm a tourist . " I rented mine from Black Bikes , which offers "  classic " Dutch machines that blend in seamlessly with the crowds riding indestructible , gearless step-through bikes . There are plenty of other low key rental shops , and while the quality may not match that offered by the big chains , that 's not necessarily a problem . "  Having a bike that makes noises is a good thing , " says Shaffer . "  People can hear you coming and get out of your way . " Expect the worst More advice from Shaffer : "  If you go with the expectation that you 're probably going to die on your bike -- anything less than that , you should be happy . " She 's joking , but after my run-in with the scooter and tram , it 's advice that rings truer than one of Gelissen 's giant bells . Some Dutch cyclists seem to invite the worst . I saw one man riding along a canal-side road while using both hands to operate his iPad . I saw another man riding undeterred by the fact he was carrying crutches and had one foot in plaster -- perhaps from an earlier cycle accident . The good news is , according to Dutch cycling organization Fietersbond , Amsterdam and the Netherlands have one of the lowest rates of serious cycling accidents in the world . Cycle sober After a day dodging tram rails or being railed at by impatient locals , it 's tempting to park the wheels outside a canal-side pub to sink a few foam-topped Dutch beers before setting off again . That 's probably the fastest route to the bottom of the Prinsengracht Canal . Amsterdam might have a liberal outlook on most things , but cycling under the influence of alcohol or whatever else is on offer is n't legal -- unless you 're on the beer bike , a pedal-powered mobile bar . That 's not to say it does n't happen . "  If you 're out after dark , assume everyone on a bike is drunk , " jokes Shaffer . Stick to the cycle paths Amsterdam might resemble a cyclists ' free-for-all , with bikes zipping into every available space , but there are rules and cycling is n't permitted everywhere . Sticking to the city 's 4,000 or so kilometers  2,480 miles  of designated cycle path will ensure safety -- as long as other cyclists remain patient -- and get you there far faster . When no way is marked by a cycle symbol , then it 's possible to mingle with traffic . The city does have pedestrian zones , though , so sometimes it 's best to get off and walk . Give your bike a name This is somewhat random parting advice from Shaffer , particularly as her gold-sprayed bone-rattler does n't have a name , until we both agree it should probably be called Melvin . "  If you name your bike , you become one with the bike , " she adds , sagely . And then if you wind up in a canal , at least you 're not alone . Got any more good tips for cycling in Amsterdam ? Let us know in the comments . Barry Neild is a freelance journalist based in London . He 's a longtime contributor to CNN and other major international news organizations .	Amsterdam is pancake flat and crisscrossed with 4,000 kilometers of bike paths Local cyclists are said to get frustrated with tourists who dawdle or stop in the center of cycle paths Bike theft is a problem with an estimated 55,000 cycles going missing every year
Slovyansk , Ukraine  CNN  -- Ten Russian soldiers were detained in the Donetsk region of eastern Ukraine , that country 's Security Service said Tuesday , as tensions simmered over the conflict between Ukrainian forces and pro-Russian rebels . The Russian soldiers were captured with documents and weapons on them , the Security Service said . Moscow has repeatedly denied claims by Kiev that it has sent troops and weapons over the border into Ukraine , where the Ukrainian military is fighting pro-Russian rebels . Russia 's state-run RIA Novosti news agency cited a source in the Russian Defense Ministry as saying the soldiers had been patrolling the border and "  most likely crossed by accident " at an unmarked point . The development came as Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and his Russian counterpart , Vladimir Putin , met for the first time since June . The two Presidents agreed that they need to "  renew our dialogue , " Putin said , according to a CNN translation . Putin said the meeting was "  positive . " The two leaders are in Minsk , the capital of Belarus , for talks related to the Eurasian Customs Union , a trade bloc made up of Russia , Belarus and Kazakhstan -- with the crisis in Ukraine expected to dominate . As the talks started , Poroshenko said "  the fate of the world and Europe " could be decided in Minsk . "  We must jointly find the only right decision . Peace on the continent depends on it , " he said , according to his office . Senior European Union officials , headed by EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton , are also in Minsk for the summit . "  The EU is attending to see if discussions can help create momentum for a new political solution to the crisis in Ukraine , " said Ashton 's spokeswoman , Maja Kocijancic . Putin told reporters that Russia could n't be involved in ceasefire talks because those discussions should be between Kiev and separatists in eastern Ukraine . Moscow is willing to assist , he added . Putin : Military escalation wo n't solve crisis Putin was cited by Russian state media as telling fellow leaders that the crisis in Ukraine "  can not be solved through further escalation of the military scenario . " He said Russia was "  ready to exchange opinions " on the conflict and urged dialogue to find a peaceful resolution , state news agency ITAR-Tass reported . Earlier , Poroshenko spoke with Ashton about the situation in his country 's east and the detention of the 10 Russian soldiers , his office said . He urged the world to support Ukraine and its efforts to secure its border with Russia "  to prevent cross-border infiltration of weapons , military equipment and mercenaries . " This , he said , would swiftly resolve the situation . The conflict was first sparked last year by a political crisis over whether Ukraine would seek closer ties with Europe or with Russia . The ouster of pro-Moscow President Viktor Yanukovych in February was followed by Russia 's annexation of Ukraine 's Crimea region in March and a declaration of independence by separatist leaders in the Donetsk and Luhansk regions . Poroshenko in June signed a landmark EU trade pact , despite opposition from Russia . On Tuesday , after meeting with Ashton , the President said Ukraine would ratify the Association Agreement with the European Union in September and immediately send the ratification documents to Brussels . The move "  is in no way aimed against anyone , " Poroshenko said , according to a statement from his office . "  Instead , the agreement will positively affect relations with all our neighbors , especially in the economic sphere . We would like our international partners to accept our decision . " He added that parliamentary elections scheduled for October 26 should not affect the EU agreement . Poroshenko 's trip to Belarus comes a day after he dissolved Ukraine 's parliament . However , Putin warned that it would cost Ukraine billions of euros to try to meet EU trade standards and that Russia , Belarus and Kazakhstan would also lose out . Ukrainian imports would no longer be given preferential treatment , he added . It 's not yet been confirmed whether Putin and Poroshenko , who last met briefly during D-Day commemorations in France , will hold bilateral talks while in Minsk . Which Western companies are taking a hit in Russia ? ' I just want to survive ' Meanwhile , fighting continues for control of Luhansk and Donetsk , both strongholds for the rebel fighters . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council said Tuesday that militants and the Russian military have become more active in the east and south of Donetsk , as well as along the border , with 29 clashes in the past day . Rebel fighters continue to cross the border , backed up by the Russian military firing over the border , NDSC spokesman Col. Andriy Lysenko told reporters at a briefing . Four Ukrainian border guards died and three were injured when two Russian Mi-24 helicopters fired on them , he said . Russia denies direct or indirect involvement in the fighting and says Ukraine 's assault against the rebels is precipitating a humanitarian crisis . The besieged city of Luhansk has been without water and power for over three weeks , city officials said Sunday . Shelling has caused major damage there and in surrounding villages over past weeks . Members of the Mahounin family told CNN how they fled their town two days earlier . Intense shelling meant they 'd had to spend 24 hours a day in an underground bomb shelter with more than 100 others . "  I do n't care what they 're fighting for , I just want to survive -- I want my son to survive , " said Lilia Mahounin . Aid convoy Lavrov told reporters that Russia hopes to send a second humanitarian aid convoy to Ukraine this week to help civilians caught up in the conflict . Last Friday , a convoy of 227 Russian trucks crossed that country 's border into eastern Ukraine without Kiev 's authorization , a move condemned by international powers as a violation of Ukraine 's sovereignty . Officials in Kiev referred to it as an invasion . The trucks left a day later , having successfully delivered supplies to Luhansk , Russian authorities said . Ukrainian authorities said they suspected the delivery had been used to bolster rebel forces . U.N. officials estimate that more than 2,000 people have died and nearly 5,000 have been wounded in eastern Ukraine since mid-April . German Chancellor Angela Merkel , on a weekend visit to Kiev , promised Ukraine loans worth 500 million euros to help rebuild shattered infrastructure and homes . Rebels parade captured Ukrainian soldiers in streets of Donetsk Donetsk : Photos of a besieged city draining of life CNN 's Diana Magnay reported from Slovyansk , journalist Victoria Butenko reported from Kiev , and CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported in London . CNN 's Alla Eshchenko and Matthew Chance in Moscow contributed to this report .	NEW : Russia 's Putin says talks with Ukrainian President Poroshenko were positive Poroshenko had said earlier that talks could decide future peace of Europe Ukraine 's Security Service says 10 Russian soldiers were detained in the Donetsk region Russian state media cites a source saying the soldiers crossed the border accidentally
CNN  -- William Searing is an Eagle Scout who loves hiking , adventure , art and sports . At age 19 , he 's in an education program that bridges the gap from high school to getting a job . Wil has autism . Doctors diagnosed Wil Searing , 19 , with autism when was 18 months old . The neurological disorder was diagnosed when he was 18 months old . Mia Newman 's epilepsy and autism were n't diagnosed until she was almost 3 years old . Now 9 , she and her family still face many challenges in coping with her conditions . It 's been a year since the first U.N.-declared World Autism Awareness Day . In those past 365 days , nobody has discovered the cause of autism , which the most recent statistics from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention suggest affects one in 150 children . Nor has a cure been found . However , new research and major court decisions have emerged to explain further what may contribute to the developmental disabilities of the brain known as "  autism spectrum disorders " or ASDs . One thing that has been known for a while is that there is not one type of autism , but rather several types under the autism umbrella , including Asperger 's syndrome , classic autism and pervasive developmental disorder-not otherwise specified  PDD-NOS  . More and more doctors and researchers are referring to autism as autisms  plural  because each child 's case is different , as are the causes , helpful therapies and potential future cures . iReport.com : Does autism touch your life ? While the past year has n't yielded definitive answers , new information about what may or may not cause autism , prevalence and accompanying issues like paying for treatment have made headlines . Here are just a few : Do vaccines cause autism ? In 1998 , a theory emerged that the measles-mumps-rubella  MMR  vaccine caused autism , the theory being that the vaccine lingered in the gut , causing gastrointestinal problems , and that those GI problems led to autism . A few years later , the very small study that was the basis of this theory was debunked and discredited . However , this did not quash the belief among many parents that vaccines caused autism , leading them to stop or delay immunizing their children . Since the first World Autism Awareness Day last year , a couple of studies and a major court decision declared definitively that vaccines do not cause autism . In September , researchers in the United States and Europe re-created the original 1998 study , even using one of the same laboratories to analyze their results . The study authors concluded that "  no evidence " linked the MMR vaccine to autism or the GI problems . While many experts said this study is conclusive and "  puts the issue to rest , " some groups that hold to the belief vaccines are the cause of autism called the research flawed . Another study , published in the March 2009 issue of Pediatrics , provided an explanation of why the MMR vaccine does not cause GI problems and autism . Daniel Campbell , a researcher at Vanderbilt University , suggested that he has found a reasonable explanation for why many children also have GI problems . According to his research , a genetic variation of a protein called MET contributes to both autism and GI problems , rather than GI problems causing autism . In addition , a decision inside a courtroom rather than a laboratory drew the conclusion that the vaccines do not cause autism . On February 12 , a special vaccine court ruled in three test cases , representing more than 5,000 families , that the "  combination of the thimerosal-containing vaccines and the MMR vaccine are not casual factors in the development of autism . " It 's probably still too early to tell whether these rulings changed anyone 's opinions . "  I do n't think they were important from the standpoint of changing the minds of those with firmly held beliefs regarding vaccines , " said Dr. Bryan King , director of child psychiatry at Seattle Children 's Hospital . He said that it will not be until we find credible causes for autism that people can leave this debate behind . "  We still support research that would potentially identify small groups with underlying medical or genetic conditions who may be more vulnerable to the adverse effects of vaccines , " said Dr. Geraldine Dawson , the chief science officer of Autism Speaks , the nation 's largest advocacy group . "  For the vast majority of kids , vaccines are safe and we support vaccine programs , " Dawson said , adding that more research into vaccines is needed . Are autism rates going up ? Using data from 2000 and 2002 , the CDC released a report two years ago with the statistic that one in 150 8-year-olds have autism , up from the previous estimate of 1 in 166 . What remains unclear is if the numbers really went up or if counting these children differently led to the increase . According to a study done by the MIND Institute at the University of California-Davis and published in January , "  The incidence of autism rose seven - to eightfold in California from the 1990s through the present . " "  The incidence of autism has not yet plateaued , " said Irva Hertz-Picciotto , lead author of the study . "  We do n't know the reason for the increase . " But she said that expanding the definition of autism and greater awareness and diagnosis alone ca n't account for the increase . "  Looking at the environmental cause of autism is the next logical step " to find more answers , she said . A Danish study from December seems to suggest the opposite . It concluded that the shift in age at diagnosis , "  especially the earlier diagnosis at younger ages , artificially inflated the observance of autism in younger children . " Dr. Max Wiznitzer , a child neurologist at Rainbow Babies & Children 's Hospital in Cleveland , Ohio , has been treating children with autism for more than 30 years . He said he 's still not quite convinced that the incidence is going up either . One explanation is that the way autism cases were counted in the CDC study and in the California study are not the same . "  We need to investigate if there 's a true rise , " Wiznitzer said . What are environmental factors ? In the past year , more has been said about exploring how environmental factors , in addition to genetic factors , may contribute to autism . Hertz-Picciotto said environmental factors include anything that 's not in the child 's DNA , from viruses and bacteria to chemicals in the brain or personal care products . She said more research needs to be done . CDC epidemiologist and autism researcher Diana Schendel said that any nongenetic factor , including a mother 's illness during pregnancy or treatment of a baby in the hospital during or after birth , are other possible environmental factors . The CDC is conducting a five-year study at six sites looking at genetic and environmental risk factors for autism . Autism Speaks also said studies should look more closely at environmental factors . "  Everything from vitamin D to folic acid , a mother 's health condition or pesticides " may play a role , said Dawson . Her organization recently announced it is investing $ 5 million to fund studies on genetic and environmental risk factors for autism . How to afford therapies ? Another issue that has gained momentum in the past year is how to pay for the therapies and treatment for children with autism and the now growing numbers of adults with autism . Elizabeth Newman , Mia 's mother , is helping raise $ 10,000 for five families in her hometown of Atlanta , Georgia , because she knows how difficult it is to pay for treatments that helped her daughter  more information at http://www.livingthemosaic.com/  . Wiznitzer said that one of the ongoing issues for the parents of the children he treats is "  What will we do with them as adults ? " He said there is an urgent need for developing programs for adults with autism to be productive rather than putting them in institutions . Most of the 8-year-olds who were counted in the CDC study in 2000 are now becoming young adults . However , there are few programs to help them when they are too old to receive therapies through the educational system . Dawson said she 's encouraged to see the Obama administration earmark $ 211 million for autism research and more . According to the 2010 federal budget proposal , "  the president is committed to expanding support for individuals , families , and communities affected by ASD . " "  One of the things that Obama featured in his plan is money toward adult services , " Dawson said . Wil 's mom wants her adult son to be the best he can and the happiest he can -- but she also wants him to be a productive citizen . "  I want to get a job , " Wil said . "  I want to be a designer -- I will have to learn how to be a designer . " He hopes to go to a college with special programs for students with disabilities . He 's already designed business cards for a few people ; his mom hopes this might be something he could do professionally in the future . Aside from doing the morally right thing , Jane Searing said , funding more programs for adults with autism makes economic sense . "  If you get them employed , you wo n't have to pay for them forever , " Searing said , adding it 's much better to "  turn these people into taxpayers instead of tax takers . "	Thursday is second World Autism Awareness Day In last 365 days , no cause or cure found , but baby steps made along the way Special vaccine court ruled in three test cases , found no link with autism Researchers look to environmental causes ; parents look for insurance coverage
CNN  -- With its intense urban center and outlying natural beauty , Hong Kong 's intriguing , paradoxical nature beckons you to come for a visit . A thriving metropolis ablaze with millions of scintillating lights is only one side of this city 's allure . An extension of Hong Kong , its islands and green expanses offer respite and serenity if a calm vacation is what you crave . "  I find it fascinating that Hong Kong has a huge population living in a small area , yet still has large areas of preserved nature , " iReporter Emilyinhk said . "  I never expected that in just a few minutes you could be in a quiet , rural area , far from the pollution and crowds of the city . " Challenge yourself to soak up the split personality of Hong Kong 's spirit . Until you do , visitors and natives alike say you have n't experienced the "  real Hong Kong . " Hong Kong : Metropolis on the brink of beauty Yvonne Chan lives in Hong Kong , and she is still captivated by all that her city has to offer . Her must-do list is just a taste of the experiences you can have : "  Tram up to the Peak , light show by Tsim Sha Tsui 's Avenue of Stars overlooking the Victoria Harbour at 8 p.m. every evening , shopping in Causeway Bay , drinks in Lan Kwai Fong , Big Buddha at Ngong Ping , and for those with kids , a day at Ocean Park . " Below , iReporters share their tips for making the most of your time in Hong Kong . First-timer tips It 's easy to get caught up in the rush of Hong Kong 's bustling city area . Try to see and experience as much as you can , but before you jet off , take note of these tips . Hong Kong 's summers are notoriously hot and humid , so plan accordingly . iReporter George Kreif recommends traveling in the fall , "  when the temperature is  almost  bearable . " But if you do go during the summer , dress as lightly as possible . Hong Kong is also worth exploring on foot . "  If you are a first-time traveler , I recommend getting a map and some good walking shoes , " iReporter Ray Kirby said . This especially comes in handy when looking at Hong Kong 's scenery . "  Do n't forget to explore Hong Kong 's green side , " iReporter Shari Nijman said . "  The city is amazing , but most of Hong Kong consists of lush , green nature with fantastic hiking trails ! " If you feel swept away by all of your options , embrace it . Hong Kong can be dazzling and overwhelming . Let yourself explore . "  By all means , if it 's your first visit to Hong Kong , do n't be afraid to be a ` tourist , ' " Kreif said . "  Visit Victoria Peak , travel to Kowloon -- be sure to visit ` Flower ' and ` Bird Streets ' via the Star Ferry . Kowloon at night is ablaze with neon commercial lights , a beautiful sight to behold . The enthusiastic crowds you will encounter there will energize your spirit after a long day of sightseeing . Not to worry , it 's perfectly safe to be out and about at night . " If you 've got shopping on your mind , invest in an Octopus Card , Chan suggests . "  The card is available anywhere and is accepted by all transport providers as well as major convenience stores ... beats carrying small change ! " she said . But perhaps best of all , keep this advice in mind : "  My tip for traveling in Hong Kong is to explore and enjoy all the wonderful things and places this country offers , " iReporter Lia Ocampo said . Five tastemakers of Hong Kong 's dining scene Getting around Perhaps more so than most other cities , Hong Kong is known for its various modes of transportation . Trams are perfect for tourists and locals alike and can take you almost anywhere you want to go . "  We are budget travelers , " Maureen McLeod said . "  We would strongly recommend taking the tram for both the low fare and the view of so much of the city which one gets , particularly from the front seats on the second level . One can see most of the city for only two Hong Kong dollars . " Ferries , such as the Star Ferry , are also very popular in the city and for navigating around the islands . "  Take a ferry out to one of the islands or a bus into the New Territories , " Emilyinhk said . "  Many of these places are less than an hour away from Central . The city itself is breathtaking , but unless you get out and see the rural areas , you have n't truly experienced Hong Kong . From a beach in Sai Kung or a hiking trail on Lantau Island , you would never believe you were still in Hong Kong . " Fast-paced Kowloon is rich with the city life that entices many visitors to Hong Kong . Crowded night markets and street food vendors give off the vibe that this is the "  real Hong Kong . " If you want to slow down after a night in Kowloon , explore relaxing Lantau Island . "  Something about having to take a boat there makes it seem like you 've landed on the other side of the world , " iReporter Bo Brennan said . The islands also offer more strenuous recreation for those wanting an adventure . "  If you 're into hiking -- and still have the energy -- take a ferry out to Lamma Island , where you will find a lengthy , well-maintained hiking trail that offers amazing view of the surrounding islands and ocean , " Kreif said . One day in Hong Kong "  If you only have one day in Hong Kong , there is one thing you must do , " Brennan said . "  It will be a memory you will keep for years to come . Take a boat out on the harbor at sunset . Watch the sun slowly sink behind islands in the far distance . Look at the dying light glint off the buildings of Hong Kong 's amazing skyline . "  That experience is worth its weight in Hong Kong dollars , and it will be one memory you will tell your children and grandchildren , inspiring the next generation to go out and experience everything the world has to offer . " Share your Dubai photos !	With an intense urban center and outlying natural beauty , Hong Kong is a paradox Take advantage of Hong Kong 's cooler fall weather and explore its scenic islands Explore Hong Kong via tram or ferry for an inexpensive , fun way to sightsee
CNN  -- You might remember the ad campaign "  Bo knows baseball . Bo knows football . " But these days sports legend Bo Jackson knows charity . Jackson has dedicated his post-pro-sports days to raising money to help restore the areas of his native Alabama devastated by a tornado in April 2011 . He is also raising awareness on how to protect yourself and others from deadly storms . Jackson recalls that day : "  I was in Illinois , where I live , and I ca n't remember what I was doing but I got phone calls from relatives and friends saying there 's a bad storm -- a big tornado . " Big indeed . A mile-wide tornado demolished much of Tuscaloosa , Alabama , and the surrounding areas on April 27 , 2011 . This killer tornado was a part of a bigger storm system that left more than 300 people dead in the Southeast . Jackson remembers a conversation he had with his sister in the aftermath . "  She said the storm was bad but everybody in our little town was OK . But other towns like Tuscaloosa , Cordova , Coleman , Jasper -- they got hit pretty hard , " Jackson says . Rocked by the news , Jackson , a native of Bessemer , Alabama , who starred in football and baseball at Auburn University , knew he could n't just sit idly by as the community that supported him in his climb to success was now in ruins . "  I sat up and thought about what I can do to give back to my community , my state . And I came up with this harebrained idea to ride a bicycle across the state , " Jackson says . His idea became reality with the creation of Bo Bikes Bama . Jackson and his friends rode across the state to raise money not only to help rebuild but also to build community storm shelters . "  Bo Bikes Bama is an event where I want to make the rest of the country aware of just how severe a tornado can be . It 's a way of coming back home and doing something for the people that had faith in me when I was younger . Bo Bikes Bama is all about caring about your brothers and sisters , " Jackson says . The first Bo Bikes Bama took place in 2012 and Jackson has vowed to make it an annual event because he feels the need will always be there . The storms will keep coming and the mission for him is not just to rebuild after loss , but to better prepare for the next storm . "  I decided to make it an annual event , as long as I can ride to raise money for tornado victims . " He also is aware that in addition to the money raised , the event is a morale booster for the survivors in these small towns . "  People will be struggling to rebuild for a long time . And just to see these people come out and stand beside the street and wave and smile after everything that they 've been through -- lost family members , lost their homes , their jobs -- and they still come out  and  thank you for what you 're doing . ... It 's a period where everybody has decided to come together and work as one for one great cause , " Jackson says . In addition to the bike ride , Jackson and his group go into small Alabama towns seeking to persuade landowners to donate land where community storm shelters can be built . "  When you do n't have a place to get out of the way of a tornado , a lot of people get injured , lose their lives . Hiding in a closet or getting in a bathtub does n't work when the whole house is getting picked up off the foundation and getting thrown down the street , " Jackson says . And while the bike ride is Jackson 's major annual fundraiser , he stresses that the need continues year round and his group collects donations year round to continue their efforts . "  I would rather do something to prevent the loss of life now than wait until something else bad happens , " Jackson says . He also sees that severe weather like this affects many more Americans beyond Alabama and he recognizes the need to expand his reach . "  I have already been contacted by friends of mine to come and do the same thing in Mississippi . I 've been contacted by friends of mine in Missouri  Jackson played baseball for the Kansas City Royals  that would love for me to come back there and do something there , and I want to . I will . But I got ta take care of home first . "	Bo Jackson was very disturbed about tornadoes that hit Alabama , his home state The famed athlete started an annual bike ride across the state to raise money for victims Bo Bikes Bama funds will also go toward community shelters
Tokyo  CNN  -- The widening fallout from an increasingly volatile territorial dispute between China and Japan prompted a Japanese company to halt work at plants in China on Monday , and the United States to urge the two sides to avoid letting the situation spiral out of control . The electronics company Panasonic said Monday that it was suspending operations at three plants in China after two of them were damaged amid violent anti-Japanese protests set off by the clash between Beijing and Tokyo over a group of small islands in the East China Sea . Japan calls the islands Senkaku ; China calls them Diaoyu . Background : How remote rock split China , Japan The United States , a key military ally of Japan , has called on the two sides to find a peaceful resolution to the disagreement , which is generating more and more unease in the region and starting to hurt economic links between the world 's second and third largest economies . "  It 's in everybody 's interest for Japan and China to maintain good relations and to find a way to avoid further escalation , " U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta said Monday at a joint new conference in Tokyo with his Japanese counterpart , Satoshi Morimoto . Despite describing the U.S.-Japan alliance as the "  bedrock of peace and stability " in the Asia-Pacific region , Panetta reiterated that Washington does n't take a position on competing sovereignty claims . He did , however , express concern about the demonstrations in China . Parts of Panasonic 's facilities in Qingdao , Shandong Province , and Suzhou , Jiangsu Province , were damaged by anti-Japanese protestors on Saturday , the company said . It is halting work at the factories until Tuesday , it said , as well as at a plant in Zhuhai , Guangdong Province , where some employees have staged a strike over the island issue . Unrest took place in dozens of other cities in China over the weekend . Thousands of protesters hurled bottles and eggs outside the Japanese Embassy in Beijing on Saturday , expressing anger over Tokyo 's announcement last week that it had acquired several of the disputed islands from a Japanese family to bring them under public ownership . China declared the purchase to be "  illegal " and sent six surveillance vessels to carry out patrols on Friday around the remote islands in an effort to underscore its claim to sovereignty . The ships briefly entered Japanese territorial waters despite warnings not to do so , the Japanese Coast Guard said . The islands , situated in the East China Sea between Okinawa and Taiwan , are under Japanese control , but China claims they have been a part of its territory "  since ancient times . " Asia 's disputed islands -- who claims what ? The events last week ratcheted up the tensions between the two East Asian nations , where lingering resentment from past conflicts remains close to the surface . That was in evidence in Beijing at the weekend . Waving Chinese national flags and holding portraits of the late leader Mao Zedong , the mostly young protesters chanted "  down with Japanese imperialism " and called for war as they made their way down the streets under the watchful eyes of police and guards . Messages and photos posted on Chinese social media sites showed angry mobs in numerous cities ransacking Japanese stores and restaurants as well as smashing and burning cars of Japanese make . In the southern industrial city of Shenzhen , near Hong Kong , a protest Sunday in front of a local Communist Party office over the island dispute descended into violence when the security forces moved in , said resident Ronald Rossi . The demonstrators began smashing large plant pots and other objects in the street so they could throw the shards at the police , Rossi said . The anti-Japanese tone of the protest was clear from the slogans and images on display , he added . Japanese news media organizations have also reported incidents of assaults on Japanese citizens in China in the past few days . A Chinese foreign ministry spokesman insisted Friday that the public anger was not aimed at the Japanese people , whose safety would be protected in China according to law . The authorities rarely permit protests in China , prompting suspicion that the nationwide rallies over the weekend were government-sanctioned . In Beijing , police walking alongside the demonstrators were seen to ask spectators to join in instead of blocking the street . By Saturday night , China 's state-run media had started appealing for restraint , running commentaries that condemned violence and lectured the public on the expression of patriotism . In a sign of rising concern over the gathering of large crowds , the authorities in cities that had seen the most ferocious protests canceled entertainment and sporting events . "  Violence can not be tolerated simply because the protests are aimed at Japan , " said an editorial published Monday by the Global Times , a newspaper affiliated with the ruling Communist Party . On Monday morning , the streets leading to the Japanese Embassy in Beijing appeared to blocked off by the authorities . After his meetings in Japan , Panetta is due to travel to China , where he will meet with "  top military and civilian leaders including Defense Minister Gen. Liang Guanglie , " according to the Pentagon . Animosity between China and Japan over the disputed islands runs deep . They have come to represent what many Chinese see as unfinished business : redressing the impact of the Japanese occupation of large swathes of eastern China during the 1930s and 1940s . China says its claim goes back hundreds of years . Japan says it saw no trace of Chinese control of the islands in an 1885 survey , so formally recognized them as Japanese sovereign territory in 1895 . Japan then sold the islands in 1932 to descendants of the original settlers . The Japanese surrender at the end of World War II in 1945 only served to cloud the issue further . The islands were administered by the U.S. occupation force after the war . But in 1972 , Washington returned them to Japan as part of its withdrawal from Okinawa . A public initiative begun in April this year by the outspoken governor of Tokyo , Shintaro Ishihara , to raise money to acquire the islands for the city authorities set off a new cycle of tensions that included civilian protesters from both sides landing on the islands to stake their nations ' claims . Ishihara 's move put pressure on the government of Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda to step in with its own bid , which resulted in the controversial deal last week with the Kurihara family , the private owners up until that point . Japan 's attempts to portray the purchase as a routine internal real-estate transaction , with the islands passing from one Japanese owner to another , has failed to placate the Chinese authorities . CNN 's Junko Ogura reported from Tokyo and Jethro Mullen from Hong Kong . CNNs Stan Grant in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : Panetta urges both sides to "  avoid further escalation " Two Panasonic factories are damaged from anti-Japanese protests , the company says Demonstrations in China over the weekend turned violent at times Tensions have risen between Tokyo and Beijing over a disputed set of islands
Ethiopian Prime Minister Meles Zenawi , a strongman in the troubled Horn of Africa and a key United States ally , has died , his government announced Tuesday . Meles had not been seen in public in months , sparking intense international speculation about his health . The government revealed neither the cause nor the location of his death Monday at the age of 57 . Meles came to the forefront as a leader of a guerrilla insurgency against dictator Haile Mengistu Mariam in 1991 and cemented power in the ensuing decades . Seen by admirers as a force for stability in a region with Islamist insurgencies in Somalia and Yemen and a history of famine , he was also criticized for cracking down on political opposition and the press . "  He came to power at the barrel of a gun , but he made the transition from rebel leader to political leader very quickly , " said Ayo Johnson , a writer on Africa and director of Viewpoint Africa . But he never overcame his "  mindset as a rebel leader , " and his democratic credentials were "  poor , " Johnson said . "  The West turned a blind eye to many aspects of his game that were not up to scratch , " he added . That 's partly because of his action against Islamist movements in the region , including an invasion of Somalia in 1998 , Johnson said . "  He supported everything that the United States wanted to do against terror , " he explained , such as give American drones based in the region permission to use Ethiopian airspace on their way to targets in Somalia . And "  he was able to address the fundamentals -- health care , education , reducing the poverty rate , " Johnson said . U.S. President Barack Obama praised Meles ' "  unyielding commitment to Ethiopia 's poor " in a statement Tuesday , citing his "  personal admiration for  Meles '  desire to lift millions of Ethiopians out of poverty through his drive for food security . " But in June , U.S. Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat , highlighted a different aspect of Meles ' rule -- the case of journalist Eskinder Nega , who was then before a court in Addis Ababa . While praising the prime minister 's work in "  containing the real threat of terrorism in the region and making gains against the region 's recurring famines , " Leahy accused him of "  trying to silence those who do not toe the official line . " His Ethiopian People 's Revolutionary Democratic Front took all but one seat in parliament in elections in 2010 , Africa expert Jason Mosley pointed out in the wake of Meles ' death . "  Nearly 200 people were reportedly killed , and tens of thousands detained " in the previous elections in 2005 , said Mosley , who is with the Chatham House think tank in London . Last year , Ethiopia found two Swedish journalists guilty of supporting terrorism and sentenced them to 11 years in prison . Meles died at 11:40 p.m. Monday from an unspecified infection , spokesman Bereket Simon said . Deputy Prime Minister Hailemariam Desalegn is now in charge . There will be no elections before the next scheduled ballot in 2015 , Bereket said . Meles had been scheduled to step down in 2013 as part of a transition process , Mosley said , but questioned whether he genuinely intended to relinquish power . Meles was out of the country when he died and members of his family were with him , according to Bereket . He did not say what country Meles ' body was in or when it would return to Ethiopia , except that it would be soon . The spokesman acknowledged the prime minister had been sick for some time but did n't immediately seek treatment . The news came almost a week after the government said Meles was "  recovering well " after treatment for an unspecified illness . Bloggers launched a counter of the number of days he 's been missing , while citizens took to social media to discuss his whereabouts and exchange conspiracy theories . The secretive nation had released little information about his whereabouts , prompting rumors and opposition claims that he was dead or facing a life-threatening illness . The government held a news conference last month and announced Meles received treatment for an unspecified illness . His absence was more evident last month when Ethiopia hosted an African Union summit in its capital of Addis Ababa . Meles , a key player in talks on the tensions between Sudan and its rival neighbor South Sudan , did not attend . Former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan said Ethiopia under Meles had "  played a key role in both the region and the African continent . " "  I hope that his successor will continue to be a driving force on a wide range of issues , from brokering peace negotiations to shaping development relationships , " Annan said . Ethiopia , a key Western ally often lauded for effective use of aid money , is surrounded by unstable nations such as Somalia and Sudan . Meles has been credited with working toward peace and security in the region , and the Ethiopian army sent peacekeepers to battle the Islamic extremist group Al-Shabaab in Somalia . People we 've lost in 2012 : The lives they lived	Obama praises Meles Zenawi 's "  unyielding commitment to Ethiopia 's poor " He supported "  everything the United States wanted to do against terror , " an expert says Critics point out his efforts to stifle political opposition and silence journalists He came to power as part of a guerrilla insurgency against a dictator
CNN  It was n't until her 20s that Fethiye Cetin discovered her Armenian ancestry . Her grandmother , 90 years old at the time , told Cetin that her real name was Heranus . Like many other survivors of 1915 , Heranus assimilated and kept her identity hidden . Many feared a repeat of the horrors they witnessed and barely escaped . In a crowded reception before a memorial concert in Istanbul this week , people rushed to greet Fethiye Cetin . A strong , soft-spoken woman now in her 60s , Cetin is a prominent lawyer who represented Armenian-Turkish journalist Hrant Dink . Dink was a strong proponent of reconciliation between Turks and Armenians who was tried for "  insulting Turkishness . " He was assassinated in 2007 . The shocking discovery of her true heritage would change Cetin 's life . She tells Heranus ' story in an evocative memoir titled "  My Grandmother . " Heranus and her family were among a massive stream of women and children being forcibly marched by Ottoman soldiers , not knowing where they were going or why they were torn away from their male relatives . Echoing throughout the procession were morbid whispers that the men and teenage boys had all been killed . Heranus was 9 at the time . An officer spotted her and her brother and wanted to take them away . Her mother protested but she was told by others , "  The children are dying one by one . No one will make it out alive from this march . If you give them , their lives will be saved . " Heranus and her brother were scooped up onto the officer 's horse and taken to a garden packed with other children and fed the first warm meal they had had in days . But soon reality set in and Heranus began to cry and beg to see her mother . Heranus was separated from her brother , adopted by the officer and his wife , who could not have children of their own . Her name was changed to Seher and she was raised Muslim . And so she survived , had children and grandchildren . Cetin was in law school when her grandmother revealed her secret and painful memories of her Armenian roots . It shattered all that she knew to be real . The 1915 forced deportations and massacres were not taught in Turkey 's schools . "  There was a huge silence " Cetin said . "  It was not just the victims that were silent ; it was all of society . " Cetin felt rebellion welling up inside her . "  I wanted to go on the streets and scream that they are lying to us , " she remembers , "  a cruelty like this happened , and I wanted to shout it out loud . " Armenia and the Armenian diaspora have been doing exactly that and demanding that the "  Great Catastrophe " be recognized as genocide by Turkey and the world . Armenian President Serzh Sargysan said earlier this year that "  impunity paved a path to Holocaust and genocides in Rwanda , Cambodia and Darfur . " The survivors of 1915 and witnesses remember massacres , bloodied rivers , concentration camps , rape and death marches into the Syrian desert . The Republic of Turkey has always rejected the term "  genocide . " Rather , the Ottoman Empire 's Committee of Union and Progress believed Armenian nationalists to be collaborating with the Russian army , which was at war with the Ottoman Empire . To prevent this alliance and stop violence against civilians , the committee undertook a policy of "  relocation " to move Armenian populations residing in or near the war zone to southern provinces . Turkey argues that wartime conditions , famine and internal conflicts led to the death of millions of Ottomans , including Armenian subjects . But it 's only in the last decade that public dialogue in Turkey began . "  We just started breaking the silence recently " , Cetin said . "  People were quiet for 90 years in this country . " Turkish leaders have recently taken a more reconciliatory tone . Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan offered Turkey 's condolences last year to the descendants of the Armenians who lost their lives . He called for the establishment of a joint historical commission in order to study the "  events " of 1915 . But Pope Francis ' use of the word "  genocide " and the European Parliament 's resolution last week angered Turkish leaders . The Ministry of Foreign Affairs called the resolution "  selective and one-sided , " claiming it repeated "  anti-Turkish clichs . " Erdogan deemed it a "  hostile campaign against Turkey . " This week , Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu repeated the call for a historical inquiry and the need for an approach based on "  just memory " for a "  common peaceful future . " He asked that third parties , such as Pope Francis , refrain from "  aggravating age-old wounds . " A century on , Cetin says the dynamism surrounding the 100th anniversary excites her , bringing together artists , musicians , scholars and intellectuals as well as Turkey 's citizens of all ethnicities and Armenians from across the world . If the government were to acknowledge 1915 as a genocide , it would speed up the reconciliation and healing process , she says . "  But if it does not face genocide , then it does not matter . Society coming face to face with it is more important . " Still Cetin remains hopeful that Turkey will accept its moral obligation towards history and its people . As an Armenian Turk , Cetin has helped others retrace their roots and look for long lost answers . But for many , the emotional journey remains unfulfilled as long as Turkey denies the cause of their pain .	Fethiye Cetin learned of her Armenian heritage from her grandmother The grandmother survived the 1915 killings , assimilated , then kept her real identity hidden Cetin , others want Turkey to recognize the killings as a genocide ; the government has refused In the last decade a more public dialogue on the subject has begun in Turkey
AOL Autos  -- How long did it take you to get a taxi last time you tried ? If it was longer than 20 minutes , then chances are you live in the sticks or were calling on a busy Friday or Saturday night . Catching a cab can be easy , whether you 're in a big city or a crowded sporting event . But seemingly everyone has had difficulty calling or hailing a cab at some stage , on vacation or a business trip or when stranded in a city center after a night out . So what 's the best , and quickest , way to get hold of a cab in New York ? Or Los Angeles , California ? Or at a major sporting event ? We find out . Beware the bandit Basil Enerieze , a taxi driver in Los Angeles , says in general a passenger 's situation dictates the quickest way to get a cab . In downtown LA or in a commercial or tourist area , hailing a cab works best , he says , but calling one is the quickest way in suburban areas . Cabbies , he says , prefer fares that are called from a home or business as it gives the taxi company some information about the customer - their phone number , name and residence - in case the fare turns into trouble . Does this mean that taxis are more likely to respond to a call than being hailed ? "  If they 're there and need a ride I stop my cab , " Enerieze says . "  The biggest problem we face is bandit cabs . Never take a bandit cab , " he says . Enerieze says he 's seen unlicensed operators in LA since he got his license 15 years ago , and that while they might in some cases be quicker or more available ; the risks of hailing one are too great to justify . He says that licensed cabs will be clearly marked with a city insignia , and tells the tale of when he went to the theater in downtown Los Angeles and saw the long lines for a cab and decided , against his better judgment , to hail one of the many unlicensed cabs outside . On the 10-or-so mile drive to his home , he noticed the meter was running too fast . "  I said , ' I am a cab driver . I know that your meter is running too fast . ' He -LSB- the driver -RSB- said : ` That 's the way it is . " And I paid the fare . -LSB- But because -RSB- it was an illegitimate taxi , I could not phone anyone to complain . "  AOL Autos : Cheapest family sedans Bad apples in the big apple Matthew Daus , the chairman of the New York City Taxi and Limousine Commission , concurs , telling AOL : "  I think the number one , most important thing for anyone seeking taxicab or taxicab-like spontaneous service in New York City to understand is that only yellow , medallion taxicabs are legally empowered to solicit or accept street hails from the public . The driver of any other kind of vehicle that is soliciting passengers or responding to your taxi hail is already doing something illegal . " AOL Autos : Cheapest luxury cars He says that in adverse weather conditions or during peak demand hours , customers can be tempted to hop into something that looks like a legitimate limo or black car , but he , too , warns of the risks . "  TLC-licensed drivers are drug-tested and have had a criminal background check , and TLC licensed vehicles are inspected three times annually and carry insurance levels well in excess of the state 's minimum requirements . " AOL Autos : Best car deals this month "  Taxicabs go where the people are . If you are hailing from the street , hail in the direction you are traveling to save turn-around time for both you and your driver . If you have the time to plan ahead , a call or Web site visit to a local livery service , black car or limousine service can quickly and conveniently arrange guaranteed door-to-door pick-up and drop-off . Look for the TLC diamond sticker inside the right-hand side of the windshield . "  AOL Autos : Best looking 2009 cars Use your iPhone Taxi Magic is the latest innovative application to come to your iPhone and allows a user to book a taxi at 25 of the nation 's biggest cities - excluding New York - and track the progress of the driver en route , all by pressing the iPhone 's touch screen a couple times . Helpfully , while saving you time talking to an operator it also cuts down on the number of calls the operator has to field , speeding up the service for others . The app , which pinpoints your location with GPS and calculates the nearest cab firms , was released by Web site ridecharge.com , which also features online booking and other goodies like taxi expense and receipt tracking and , in partnership with some companies , payment and account options that are always useful on vacation or business trips . AOL Autos : Best 2009 cars for your money Get seen easier Late at night sometimes you get the feeling that all the cabs that drive past because cabs have n't seen you , something Stamford , Connecticut . company TaxiLite wants to remedy with its line of pocket-sized bright yellow LED light , which it says can be seen up to three city blocks away . The company says it increases your visibility in crowds and its light can be seen in rain , sleet or snow . In a release last week , TaxiLite President , Howard Lippin , said : "  TaxiLite has been very well received by cab drivers in New York City . Drivers have told me that TaxiLite will be a great help to them , especially in identifying fares at night and in bad weather . " In the dark and when it 's dry , you can also try holding up an iPhone with Exact Magic Software 's ingenious flashlight application , which can create a strobe-light effect to catch a driver 's attention , and a couple other Apple applications also will let you spell out TAXI in flashing billboard-effect lettering . Sporting events Larry Meister , manager at the Independent Taxi Operators Association , which represents 350 Boston cabbies , says location is key to quickly getting a cab . He lends no credence to the rumor that patrons carrying luggage tend to get picked up quicker as cabbies know a tip is more likely at Logan International Airport  and usually drivers will go out of their way to earn it by taking the frequently heavy bags from the trunk to the curb  . Boston , he says , has hundreds of taxi stands around the city , mostly on main thoroughfares , and he says his organization and others are working to put electronic cab-tracking , wait time and fare calculators in place for a new generation of taxi customers . But how about catching a cab at Boston 's famous sporting events , a Red Sox or Celtics game ? He chuckled ruefully . "  You 're talking about the worst time ; you 're competing against 20,000 other patrons for cabs at the same time . The cabs are out there on Brookline Avenue trying to serve the public , but it 's tough . If you leave before the end of the game you might have a shot at getting a cab quicker . "	A passenger 's situation dictates the quickest way to get a cab Taxi Magic , an iPhone app , can help you catch a cab easily Taxis drive past you at night because they ca n't see you Leave sporting events before the end of the game to get a cab quicker
CNN  -- If the pings reported by the Chinese and Australians turn out to be from Malaysia Flight 370 's data recorders , we may be on the road to finding the plane and solving the mystery of its disappearance . But even if that is the case , we 'll need to resolve a larger issue : Incomprehensible as it might seem to the flying public , it is almost equally perplexing to airline pilots that a 650,000 pound airplane can disappear with barely a trace . Considering that the 777 is one of the most sophisticated and highly regarded airliners in the world , it does n't make sense . Nor does it make sense that in this information overload world of cell phones , Twitter , and Facebook , that communication could break down to such a degree . So , how does one explain this anomaly ? More importantly , how does one prevent a Malaysia Flight 370 mystery from happening again ? First , a basic understanding of airspace is required from the standpoint of radar and communication . In most parts of the world , radar is available and operating to track both civilian and military airplanes . Primary radar sends a signal from a ground-based station using that big , screen-like rotating antenna that one sees at the local airport . The signal bounces back from the airplane and back to the antenna , "  painting " a dot on an air traffic controller 's screen . With the use of an on-board transponder , the radar signal "  interrogates " the airplane by use of a four-digit discrete code that gives it a specific identity . The code is assigned by air traffic control . In addition to the flight number , or tail number , an airspeed is displayed on the controller 's green scope . All airline flights are issued a discrete code . For the most part , a transponder code remains the same throughout an entire flight . The code sometimes changes from airspace to airspace or country to country , but it has to be re-assigned by air traffic control and not by the discretion of a pilot , unless an emergency is declared . Communication with the air traffic control facility that is tracking the transponder code is normally required . Typically , communication is in the form of direct radio contact . With some exceptions , radio contact with air traffic control is always available when a flight begins the landing phase of the trip . But in remote parts of the world , especially over water , no ground-base radar facility exists . Radar has distance limitations . Radio communication also has distance limitations . As an example , portions of South America have no radar coverage . Portions of that continent have gaps and poor quality radio communication facilities , especially between countries or airspace . This was mostly likely the situation in the corner of the world flown by Malaysia Flight 370 . It would be understood for pilots and controllers experienced with the route to be aware of such gaps in radar coverage and communication . No alarm bells would be immediately sounded . After a period of time when the flight failed to call at the expected point , the controller would attempt contact on the assigned frequency . If that attempt failed , the controller would attempt contact on the emergency frequency monitored by all aircraft . And if that contact was unsuccessful , the controller would use an airplane near the lost flight 's route as a "  relay . " This was alleged to have been done through a flight bound for Narita , Japan . The Narita airplane was approximately 30 minutes ahead of Malaysia Flight 370 . The pilots indicated that all they received was an unintelligible reply that they could n't attribute to Malaysia Flight 370 . The result would not have been untypical considering the distance between airplanes . So , now what ? Pilot : Why Flight 370 may never be found Well , those of you who have been following the story have heard about the ACARS , the automatic communication and reporting system , on board . Yes , the ACARS should have functioned by using either a dedicated radio frequency or a satellite signal to automatically send position data , among other parameters . The amount of parameters is dictated by the program subscribed to by the airline . For whatever reason , the unit failed , only performing a "  handshake " with the satellite . But another system on board could have saved the day , or at least more accurately pinpointed the position for air traffic control . What is the system ? It 's called , ADS-B , short for automatic dependent surveillance-broadcast . In contrast to radar , the airplane sends its own signal to the satellite , which returns the signal to a ground base station , which transforms it to a target display on a controller 's screen . This system is already in use , and will be completely mandated for all of the North Atlantic tracks between North America and Europe . Even over the desolation of the North Atlantic , an airplane can never be lost . ADS-B will be required for all airplanes operating in the continental United States by 2020 . The flaw is that each air traffic control facility has to be equipped with the ADS-B system for it to function . And the flaw in ACARS is that the system will not report if it malfunctions . To the best of my knowledge , the ACARS system is not connected directly to the battery , which would maintain its operation during a major electrical failure . What 's the difference between ACARS and ADS-B ? Simply stated , ADS-B is an air traffic control function . ACARS is an airline company function , offering a variety of optional downloadable data parameters for dispatch and maintenance purposes . So , do we require these systems to prevent another airplane disappearance ? My view is yes . Although many countries are adapting an ADS-B system , mandating it all over the globe would be a difficult process . Most airlines have an ACARS system but it would require modifications to re-wire into an emergency  electrical  bus . And it would require airlines to subscribe to the higher level of data downloading . The technology for streaming aircraft data via a satellite has been discussed in the wake of this tragedy , but it appears bandwidth would have to be increased . The issue of data security would also have to be addressed . Many folks have suggested modifications to the black boxes . But the black boxes are after-the-fact technology . Their use is forensic . Let 's fix the problem before it happens . The objective of a new regulation should be to prevent a similar situation from occurring again , not to find easier methods to pick up the pieces . And in this circumstance , the objective is to never let an airplane disappear again .	How can a 650,000 pound airplane disappear for weeks ? Pilot Les Abend says there are gaps in radar , radio communication systems He says a new system will ensure tracking of planes across the Atlantic Abend says that system , other modifications , needed to prevent repeat of Flight 370 mytery
CNN  -- The late-fall chill outside a Best Buy store in Elkridge , Maryland , was n't all that was keeping George Nelums awake late Thursday . "  I 've been a PS dude since the first PS , " said Nelums , the first in line to pick up a PlayStation 4 when the clock struck midnight . "  I 'm not planning on sleeping tonight . I 've got a 6-hour energy drink . I 'm all set . " He and about 100 others were there for the next step in the evolution of home entertainment . The new PlayStation hit stores a week before Microsoft 's Xbox One does the same , touching off a new round in the fight for the hearts of console gamers . Compare : PlayStation 4 vs. Xbox One It was a scene that played out at thousands of stores across North America . In New York , Sony rented out the entire Standard High Line Hotel in Manhattan , where roughly 500 people showed up to watch a light show of video-game scenes as they waited for the midnight launch . Matt and Tammy Nyers , of Laurel , Maryland , picked up their two new pre-ordered consoles at the Elkridge store -- one to keep and one they plan on selling on eBay . Matt said he 's more of a sports gamer and really wants to see what next year 's "  Madden " will be like when it is designed specifically for the new console . "  It is the latest and greatest and I want to see what they can do , " he said . "  I 'm really wanting to see what games will be coming out next because they will be built just for the PS4 . This is built more like a gaming rig  than the PS3  . " The first new home console for Sony in more than seven years , the PlayStation 4 incorporates many new features over its predecessor , the PlayStation 3 . Greater focus on social interaction during gameplay , a redesigned controller with a touchpad interface , and expansion of streaming entertainment choices are just a few of the new elements for PS4 . Andrew House , president and group CEO of Sony Entertainment , said building this next-generation console took nearly seven years and that Sony had specific goals in mind to reach today 's launch date . "  Having a shared experience on the same sofa in front of the same screen is something that I , as a parent , want to have with my family , " House told CNN during the PS4 launch event in New York City this week . "  A device that is designed from the ground up to be able to serve up all those different kinds of experiences , but with a great user interface that 's designed to work specifically in the living room , I think is still very , very important . " With more than a million pre-orders reported by Sony in August , it would seem the public was ready to get their hands on the latest next-generation console  Nintendo 's Wii U was released last year  . Analysts expect the demand for the system to outstrip supply through Christmas . "  People were coming in early this week just to get games that were released and extra controllers , " Brooks Holman , home sales manager at the Maryland Best Buy said . "  They were making extra trips to the store just to make sure they had everything they wanted for when they got their new PS4 . " Devin Gergen , Minnesota native , is one of many military personnel stationed in the area who spent hours outside the store . He had n't pre-ordered , but remained hopeful "  I just like the experience of standing in line , meeting new people , sharing gamer tags , " Gergen said . "  You get to chat around with all kinds of people . It is fun . " The lines were predominately guys in their 20s and 30s , and some in line were hoping to score the perfect gift . Delaney Lockhart , a 21-year-old college student attending Towson University , waited with her mother in the chilled night air . But Lockhart said she was n't getting the PS4 for herself . "  I 'm getting the game for my brother for Christmas , " she said , laughing . "  I 'm a good sister . He owes me . " The excitement , though , did n't mean everything has gone perfectly for Sony 's rollout . Shuhei Yoshida , president of Sony 's Worldwide Studios , tweeted that the company is investigating reports of broken consoles , but said the problem is n't widespread . "  Be assured we are investigating reported PS4 issues , " he wrote on Twitter . "  The number is very small compared to shipped , we believe they are isolated incidents . " Over the next few months , PlayStation 4 consoles will go on sale in other countries around the world , with the final launch date set for February in Japan .	Fans lined up late Thursday to be the first to get a PlayStation 4 The new console launched at midnight to high demand Rival Xbox One will hit the market soon , with November 22 release date Some say they 're excited to play old favorites with new-console capabilities
CNN  -- London 's Wembley Stadium could host the climax of the 2020 European Championship Finals , CNN has learned . UEFA president Michel Platini is keen to revolutionize the tournament by holding matches across several European cities rather than just one or two countries . Platini is understood to have held talks with FA chairman David Bernstein last week about the semifinals and final being held in English capital . The Frenchman is keen for one city to host the final stages of the tournament with London a huge draw following its recent triumph in hosting the 2011 Champions League Final and more recently , the Olympic and Paralympic Games . The FA 's chance of landing the showpiece event depends on whether Turkey , which is also keen to host the event , wins the right to host the Olympics in the same year . London successfully hosted the 2011 European Champions League final between Manchester United and Barcelona . That clash contributed to a record turnover of $ 532 million for UEFA and a profit after of tax of around $ 65 million , which was up from $ 14.5 million from the previous year . That game brought in $ 17.8 million for the FA and the governing body has already agreed a fixed rental price for next season 's Champions League Final .	Wembley could host the final and semi-finals of Euro 2020 Stadium will hold the 2013 Champions League Final Talks between FA and UEFA believed to have taken place Deal could rest on whether Turkey wins 2020 Olympic bid
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Ryan O'Neal choked up on the witness stand Wednesday as he told a jury he would be crushed if an Andy Warhol portrait of longtime companion Farrah Fawcett is taken from him and given to the University of Texas . Fawcett died of cancer in 2009 and left her artwork to her alma mater . The university is suing O'Neal for the portrait , which hangs in the bedroom of his Malibu beach house . "  I talk to it . I talk to her . " O'Neal said , his voice choking with emotion . "  It 's her presence in my life and her son 's life . We lost her . It would seem a crime to lose it . " He said he would never consider selling the portrait , which has been valued in court at between $ 1 million and $ 12 million , depending on whose expert is talking . But O'Neal insists it 's not about the money . "  I plan to keep it in our family as long as there 's a family , " O'Neal told a rapt jury of six men and six women . O'Neal 's second turn on the witness stand came during the third week of a trial that has focused on art and legacy and the sometimes stormy relationship of a Hollywood golden couple torn apart by infidelity but reunited by their battles with cancer . That disputed Warhol : A portrait of the final days of Farrah Fawcett A little art history The Oscar-nominated actor previously testified that the portrait , a 40-inch by 40-inch silkscreen on canvas , was given to him by Warhol in 1980 . A nearly identical portrait , which he said was given to Fawcett at the same time , was bequeathed to the university and hangs in its Blanton Museum of Art . O'Neal testified that he had been friends with Warhol since the late 1960s ; they met when the artist painted his ex-wife Leigh Taylor-Young -- or rather , he painted a butterfly on her leg . O'Neal introduced the artist to Fawcett in 1980 , shortly after O'Neal began seeing her . He said the deal for the two paintings was hatched at a Warhol book-signing party in Houston . O'Neal described how Warhol painted hearts on a tablecloth at the Houston party . "  It was a series of hearts coming together , and he could see Farrah and I were falling in love and he wanted to express how he felt about us coming together . " The tablecloth , signed by Warhol , includes the artist 's New York phone number , the dedication "  To Farrah F and Ryan O ' " and "  Houston Texas " in a semicircle . The university has the tablecloth and a napkin drawing of Fawcett 's eye . O'Neal has another napkin drawing of his lips , and he 's countersued the university for the tablecloth . He testified that he did not object when the trustee for Fawcett 's estate signed it over to the university but that he considers the tablecloth his property as well . "  We both ate off it , " he said . He now wishes he 'd spoken up about keeping it after Fawcett died . ` They 're heirlooms ' "  I was in a state of shock for some weeks prior to losing her and months afterward , " he said . "  It 's for her son . These are keepsakes . This is not art , sorry . They 're heirlooms . " After the Houston party , O'Neal said he received a call from Warhol , who said he was ready to paint Fawcett and asked if they minded if the television news magazine show "  20/20 " filmed the sitting . The show was working on a piece about Warhol at the time . "  He said she could keep the portrait he would paint of her and I could keep mine , " O'Neal testified . He said he and his daughter Tatum , then 16 , attended the session at Warhol 's New York studio , called The Factory , and described the scene in detail . "  There was no easel , no paint . There was just this strange dentist 's Polaroid camera . He just snapped her at different turns , maybe 25 shots . " The session was taped by "  20/20 , " and a producer for the show testified earlier that she did not see O'Neal there . The actor told the court he was keeping a low profile because Fawcett was getting a divorce from actor Lee Majors and did n't want to be photographed or seen publicly with other men . "  Are you certain you were there ? " defense attorney Marty Singer asked . "  As God is my witness , " O'Neal replied . "  Are you certain Tatum was with you ? " "  As God is my witness . " About two weeks later , O'Neal said , he received a call and he and Fawcett picked up the portraits . He saw portraits of famous people stacked one on top of the other at The Factory -- Mao Zedong , Elvis Presley , Mick Jagger , "  and some people I did n't recognize . " He was handed one portrait , and Fawcett was handed the other , he said . Afterward , "  we went down to the streets of New York to find a cab where these two paintings would fit . " Over the years , the couple repeated the story to friends many times over dinner . He said Fawcett never disputed his version of events . He also described several other dinners the couple had with Warhol . During those dinners , the artist -- who was fascinated by celebrities -- would whip out a tape recorder , as well as a marker or paint brush , and decorate the napkins and tablecloths . O'Neal said he and Fawcett would always agree to be recorded as long as they could leave with a signed keepsake . O'Neal : Warhol portrait of Fawcett ` is mine ' Backing up O'Neal 's story O'Neal 's story was backed by other members of Fawcett 's inner circle who testified for the defense this week . They include two close friends : Alana Stewart , the former wife of actor George Hamilton and rocker Rod Stewart ; and Mela Murphy , who left her job as news anchor Katie Couric 's hairstylist to help care for Fawcett after she was stricken with cancer . The women , and O'Neal , were at Fawcett 's side when she died on June 25 , 2009 . The defense witnesses gave jurors a vastly different version of events than that painted by witnesses called by the university , which claims Fawcett loved her days as a student at its art school and left both portraits to her alma mater . The university 's witnesses include Fawcett 's college boyfriend , a reality show producer and a former personal assistant . They said Fawcett and O'Neal were estranged at the time of her death and that she never intended for him to have one of the two Warhols . The university 's star witness was reality show producer Craig Nevius , who said O'Neal stole the Warhol off the wall just days after Fawcett died . He testified that she did n't want O'Neal to have it . But he also said he blamed O'Neal for "  hijacking " a documentary about Fawcett 's battle with cancer . He also acknowledged he had been involved in a flurry of lawsuits against O'Neal and had filed criminal complaints against O'Neal , Stewart and the trustee of Fawcett 's estate . Bernie Francis , the trustee , had been the couple 's business manager for many years . He testified earlier that he believed O'Neal when he said he owned the Warhol and gave him permission to remove it from Fawcett 's Los Angeles condominium about a week after her death . ` Their love dates for 30-odd years ' "  Ryan said one of them was his , and I trusted Ryan , " Francis testified . "  I knew his life , and I knew her life . They were practically a married couple . "  Their love dates for 30-odd years . I was never going to question what Ryan was doing . He said ` This belongs to me . ' There never was a question . These things went back and forth between them . " A nurse who cared for Fawcett also said she was told the portrait , which hung outside Fawcett 's bedroom , belonged to O'Neal . The nurse came forward last week after reading about the trial , and the judge allowed her to testify . "  I talked to her one day in the bedroom and then I saw the painting , " Maribel Avila told the jury . "  I said , ` Oh , Mrs. Farrah , you look so beautiful in that painting . ' And she said ` Thank you . ' Then she said , ` That painting is Ryan 's . Let me tell you the story . ' And then she say , ' A friend of mine , you know , his name is Andy Warhol , painted that for Ryan and he did one for me , too . ' " Murphy the hairstylist said Fawcett told her she owned one Warhol portrait and O'Neal owned the other . "  She told me that Andy Warhol had contacted Ryan , and Ryan had asked her to pose for a portrait for Mr. Warhol and she did , and he gave one to her and one to him . " Another friend , Dave Pinsky , said he heard the same story from both Fawcett and O'Neal . He said he was too polite to interrupt O'Neal , who went "  on and on and on " as he told it . "  She told me that she owned one and Ryan owned one . Ryan told me that he owned his and she owned hers . I think Farrah is very smart in her business life , and she agreed to do this so she 'd get a portrait and Ryan would get one , " Pinsky said . Alana Stewart also said she heard the story over dinner . "  Andy had called him when they first started going together . He wanted to paint Farrah .  O'Neal  said , ` You have to do one for each of us . ' They went to The Factory , walked down 5th Avenue carrying the paintings , laughing and trying to get a cab big enough to carry the paintings . " Stewart said O'Neal would take the lead telling the story and Fawcett would chime in . Pinsky and Stewart also testified that there was no estrangement between the couple at the end . O'Neal was a devoted caretaker . "  I would say when she was stricken with cancer , he was basically glued to her side . He was always there for her , " Pinsky said . "  He was doing nothing but taking care of her and being loving to her , " Stewart agreed . "  We were all taking turns feeding her when she needed it . "	Actor Ryan O'Neal tells a jury he does n't want to lose a portrait of Farrah Fawcett He and the late actress were an on-again , off-again couple for some 30 years Pop artist Andy Warhol painted two nearly identical portraits of Fawcett Her alma mater , the University of Texas , has one and is suing O'Neal for the other
The debate over Japan 's constitution took a grisly turn Sunday , as a lone dissenter set fire to himself in an apparent protest over plans to "  reinterpret " the document . Police received emergency calls beginning around 1 p.m.  local time  on Sunday that a man wearing a suit had climbed the frame of a pedestrian bridge near the busy Shinjuku train station in central Tokyo and was speaking through a megaphone . Onlookers said he used the device to criticize government plans to change the Japanese constitution . Police officers smelled gasoline when they arrived , a police spokesman told CNN . Next to the man , who has not been named , were two plastic bottles containing what they believed to be fuel . Police and firefighters tried to persuade the man to come down off the bridge . As a rescue team with a ladder truck approached him around 2 p.m. , police say the man set himself on fire , shocking onlookers who had gathered below . He was conscious when taken to hospital , where he continues to receive treatment . A police spokesperson told CNN that he will be charged with using flames in public without a permit , which is considered a minor offense . Self-immolation is a highly unusual form of protest in Japan . Constitutional change The Abe administration has imminent plans to "  reinterpret " the postwar document to allow for a greater military role overseas . Currently , Japan 's constitution , signed into effect following the Second World War , allows for self-defense but does not authorize military action outside Japan . The changes would allow the Japanese Self Defense Force to engage in collective defense , which includes deploying soldiers internationally to defend the interests of Japanese allies . The government 's proposal is expected to gain cabinet approval on July 1st after an agreement is finalized between Japan 's main ruling parties , despite polls that say a majority of Japanese citizens oppose the measure . The timeframe is under scrutiny , with many wary that the changes are being pushed through too quickly . Supporters of the proposal say that it creates another , strategically important , buttress against increasing Chinese hegemony in the region . But opponents -- both domestically and abroad -- oppose the change to Article 9 of the document , which states "  the Japanese people forever renounce war as a sovereign right of the nation and the threat or use of force as a means of settling international disputes . " The proposed change to the wording has also worried Japan 's neighbors , who see the hawkish Abe as largely unrepentant for what most Asians view as war crimes committed by Japanese troops during the Second World War . The premier 's visit to the controversial Yasukuni shrine in December 2013 was criticized by some neighboring countries .	Man sets himself on fire near busy Tokyo train station in apparent protest The man appeared to be a pacifist protesting impending change to the Japanese constitution "  Re-interpreting " of document likely to go ahead Tuesday , despite widespread reservations
Rolling Stone  -- John Mellencamp 's 25th album , "  No Better Than This , " continues the thread of American archaeology that he began on "  Trouble No More , " a self-produced 2003 set of traditional songs and covers . But where "  Trouble " was a first brush with history -- Mellencamp trying to make it come to him -- here he meets that history on its home ground . A set of old-school originals recorded in resonant settings  Sun Studio in Memphis ; the First African Baptist Church in Savannah ; a hotel room in San Antonio where Robert Johnson cut some classic sides  , "  No Better " shows Mellencamp channeling spirits and stepping into period styles . They fit him perfectly . Producer T Bone Burnett rides shotgun , and the duo keep it simple : an old Ampex reel-to-reel tape recorder , a single vintage ribbon mic , a small group of empathetic players . They include ex-Tom Waits guitarist Mark Ribot ; Jay Bellerose , whose rhythms shaped Robert Plant and Alison Krauss ' Raising Sand ; and stand-up bassist David Roe , who played with Johnny Cash at the end of his life . Mellencamp 's songs show a writer still on a hot streak after 2008 's Burnett-produced "  Life , Death , Love and Freedom , " arguably the singer-songwriter 's best LP since his 80s heyday . He shoots for timeless here : Aside from an allusion to an answering machine on the Woody Guthrie-style "  Thinking About You , " these songs could have all been written 50 years ago or more . "  Save Some Time to Dream " is a gentle folk sermon with a dash of existential doubt . The swinging "  Right Behind Me " considers Jesus and the devil -- "  both inside of me/All the time " -- with Miriam Sturm 's jazzy Hot Club fiddle . Considering the title , Mellencamp has made a remarkably dark record . "  No One Cares About Me " is about a guy out of work , ditched by his wife , mourning a father , a son and his only friend , over an old-timey hillbilly strut . The lead character in "  A Graceful Fall , " a stumpy waltz , is also penniless , "  sick of life " and pondering the afterlife , "  if there is really one . " The dude in "  Each Day of Sorrow " insists he would kill himself "  if I were n't so afraid . " But as usual , Mellencamp is at his best when he turns hardscrabble struggle into damn-the-torpedoes rock & roll . On the title track , a classic Sun Records "  boom-chick-boom " romp , Mellencamp runs through a list of fantasies , some quite reasonable , before concluding that "  it wo n't get no better than this " -- however relatively -LSB- expletive -RSB- - up "  this " might be . Welcome to life in 21st-century America , ladies and gentlemen : Let 's party like it 's 1929 . "  No Better Than This " is n't a perfectly honed set . But Mellencamp has never sounded looser or easier on a record . The most indelible moments are straight-up funny . "  Love at First Sight " imagines a relationship from back-seat grope through marriage , kids and subsequent disasters , before deciding it might be better to go home alone . And on "  Easter Eve , " a man and his 14-year-old son get hassled in a cafe , slash a -LSB- expletive -RSB- up , get thrown in jail , then walk off with the dude 's grateful wife . It 's musical storytelling for hard times : far-fetched , violent , sexy , played for laughs . It does n't get more timeless , or American , than that . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	His 25th album , "  No Better Than This , " is musical storytelling for hard times Mellencamp has never sounded looser or easier on a record He 's at his best when he turns hardscrabble struggle into rock & roll
CNN  -- The scene of some of the bloodiest fighting from the First World War will be commemorated by this year 's Tour de France . A hundred years after the start of the global conflict and the first battle of Ypres , the Flemish town will host stage five of cycling 's blue-riband event . During World War 1 there were three battle at Ypres , with over 900,000 British , French and German casualties . It is a nod by Tour organisers to a conflict that had a major bearing on the race . For four years -- from 1915 to 1918 -- the race was cancelled while some of its first overall victors lost their lives in the war , namely Francois Faber , Octave Lapize and Lucien Petit-Breton . The modern-day focal point for Ypres violent past is the Menin Gate , completed in 1927 , and a memorial to the British and Commonwealth soldiers that lost their lives in what today is a relatively sleepy town with a population of just 35,000 people . "  We of course can not forget them . The Tour is also a moment of collective remembrance , " said Tour director Christian Prudhomme . From a racing perspective , the stage could have a significant impact on the race as it boasts nine cobblestone sections along part of the route of the classic day race Paris-Roubaix , often referred to as "  the Hell of the North " . The last time the Tour visited sustained periods of cobbles during the 2010 race , it resulted in a litany of crashes and the exit of some notable Tour contenders , namely Frank Schleck . When defending Tour champion Chris Froome was asked to come up with is ideal Tour route last week , he admitted he wanted plenty of time trials and no cobblestones . Revelation of this 2014 route -- starting in the UK town of Leeds and finishing in Paris -- was not quite the antithesis of the defending champion 's dream Tour but there was a sense organisers were perhaps trying to halt the British hegemony and a possible hat-trick of British winners after Bradley Wiggins success in 2012 . The route boasts just 33.5 kilometres against the clock -- the smallest amount for 80 years . That said , it comes on the penultimate stage , thereby giving Froome one final throw of the dice should he have a deficit to make up . More precariously lying in wait is the aforementioned cobblestones . Prior to the route announcement , Froome had said : "  What worries me about cobbles are the crashes , the mechanical problems . A mechanical problem in the wrong moment of the race when things are kicking off could lead to you losing the Tour . "  I 'm not a big fan of that . It 's the unknown factor that worries me about the cobbles . " More positively for Froome is the volume of mountainous terrain scheduled for the route . This summer , he showed he was comfortably the best climber in the field , so the 2014 race 's five mountain-top finishes should play to his strengths . This year , the Alps first lies in wait , some of it familiar territory for Froome , including La Planche des Belles Filles , scene of his first stage win in the Tour . Arguably the toughest terrain , however , is the Pyrenean stages that follow . For the second time in the race 's history it will begin in Britain , this time in the county of Yorkshire , the Grand Depart  the official start of the race  taking place in its major city Leeds . Froome 's defence of the yellow jersey , handed out to the Tour leader , is likely to come notably from this year 's runner-up Nairo Quintana as well as Italian Vicenzo Nibali and former winner Alberto Contador . Sprinter Mark Cavendish will be hoping to add to the British success on home soil by winning the first stage in Harrogate where his mother lives .	Route for 2014 Tour de France is unveiled at glitzy ceremony in French capital Paris Ypres to be remembered 100 years after start of World War I with stage start Defending champion Chris Froome wary of the cobblestone nature to the route Just one 33.5-kilometre time trial on this year 's very mountainous scheduled route
The hunt to become the home of Barack Obama 's lasting White House legacy has become a game of presidential library survivor . For now , the President 's native Hawaii can only hope , to borrow a phrase , that it is not voted off the island . "  I would just note that the President chooses to spend his winters in Honolulu , not Chicago , " said Hawaii 's recently elected Gov. David Ige , who touted the islands ' appeal as the First Family 's annual refuge during the holiday season . Still , Ige acknowledged his state is an underdog in its competition with the three other remaining proposed bids to win the multimillion dollar project : two in Chicago and one in New York . "  Hawaii has been the underdog before . We trust the President and the foundation will make the best decision , " Ige added during an interview at his office in the state capitol . In between rounds of golf , the president conceivably has had time to decide where to place his library . But White House officials declined to comment on whether any meetings on the topic have occurred over his winter vacation in Hawaii . In many respects , Hawaii 's proposed Honolulu site is a strong contender . The eight-acre parcel of land is on the city 's spectacular waterfront , looking out on Waikiki Beach and Oahu 's iconic Diamond Head peak . Another perk , Ige noted , is that this slice of paradise is already owned by the state . There are , however , some potential drawbacks to Honolulu . Set apart from the U.S. mainland , Hawaii is hardly a convenient place to preserve presidential documents . Presidential libraries are intended for researchers and historians , not foreign tourists and families on vacation , a source close to Hawaii 's bid conceded . Another potential obstacle is that a sizable portion of the site has been transformed into a tent village by dozens of Honolulu 's homeless , including women and children who would be forced to move to another part of the city . A homeless woman who called herself "  Bernie " said the tent village is buzzing with rumors the city will push out the area 's inhabitants to make way for development . "  Now we know why we got to leave . I have no problem that they want to make a library . But where is the rest of everyone going ? " she asked . Bernie suggested Obama pay the area a visit . "  He should come back and take a look . It 's like they 're trying to hide us back here , trying to shove us back here , " she added . There is a sense of resignation in the tent village that the waterfront area may well be selected as the home of the Barack Obama Presidential Library . "  I guess he can do whatever he wants to do . He 's the President . I better keep quiet . I might offend people , " said another woman , who asked to be identified only as Grace , as she served hot meals to homeless people out of the back of her car . Honolulu city officials explain the homeless tent village on the city 's proposed library site will have to be moved either way , as developers have plans for new construction , with or without a presidential museum . Despite those issues , Honolulu 's prospects did receive a possible boost this week from the city once considered the front-runner to host the presidential library , Obama 's adopted hometown of Chicago . The Obama Foundation , which has been tasked to lead the library search , has raised "  major " concerns about the two proposals coming from Chicago , according to sources familiar with the selection process . Foundation officials are alarmed that the sites included in a pitch from the University of Chicago are controlled by city Park District officials . The foundation would rather have the university in charge of the land in order to ease construction . Concerns with a separate proposal from the University of Illinois-Chicago stem from upcoming leadership changes there . The city of Chicago is urgently working to remedy the problems with the University of Chicago proposal by clarifying how the land can be used , said an aide to Mayor Rahm Emanuel , Obama 's former White House chief of staff . But city officials concede there is little they can do about the University of Illinois ' issues . In an indication of how fierce the library competition has become , Hawaii 's governor grinned upon hearing about Chicago 's problems , describing them as "  terrific " for his own state 's prospects . The other remaining contender for the library , Columbia University in New York , may be benefiting from the issues plaguing the Honolulu and Chicago bids . One sticking point in selecting Columbia 's upper-Manhattan neighborhood : It already boasts one ex-president , Bill Clinton , who keeps an office there . For now , the Obama Foundation is taking a restrained approach in commenting on the looming decision that the President and first lady are expected to make in early 2015 . "  The foundation is evaluating all four respondents across a variety of criteria . Each institution is unique and has different strengths and weaknesses relative to the others , " the foundation said . With the President and first family still in Oahu , Honolulu Mayor Kirk Caldwell is hoping to give the Obamas his best pitch before they return to Washington . He plans to see the Obamas off on the tarmac at Hickam Field when they fly out this weekend , though will only raise the library if the feeling is right . "  Any time I get with the President , I will try my best to make a plug for our site , " he said . "  But I want to send him off with aloha . " Acknowledging Hawaii 's long odds to win the selection process , Ige and Caldwell are both suggesting an alternative proposal of splitting Obama 's post-presidential home , with the official library in either Chicago or New York and a separate presidential center in Honolulu . Caldwell said he has joked with Emanuel , Chicago 's outspoken mayor , about the library competition . "  I 've joked around a little bit with Rahm Emanuel , and there 's a chance we share parts of it , " Caldwell said . "  But I do believe for people to truly understand the President they have to understand this place , " he added . While Hawaii is certainly remote , Ige noted the islands already act as a cultural bridge between the United States and Asia . Add to that the state 's large Asian-American population , and a Hawaii presidential library would neatly reflect Obama 's goal of pivoting U.S. foreign policy to Asia , Ige argued . "  We believe the presidential center would allow the President to really showcase what he believes as we move forward , " Ige said . "  The multicultural fabric of Hawaii is such a profound statement of his desires , " he added .	Hawaii is one of four finalists in a bid for Obama 's presidential library Officials are hoping to win at least one part of Obama 's presidential center Officials have raised concerns about bids from Chicago
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- At least 80 militants were killed in a series of operations involving Afghan and NATO forces during a day-long firefight last week in the country 's restive southeast , Paktika provincial governor Mukhlas Afghan said Sunday . NATO said it could only confirm 50 insurgents were killed in the fight . The operation , which began Wednesday and spanned the night into Thursday , was fought in a "  known Haqqani network " area . The Haqqani network is an insurgent group loosely affiliated with the Taliban and is believed to be based in Pakistan 's frontier territories . The raid included Afghan special forces and engaged "  multiple groups of insurgents " who were armed with rocket-propelled grenade launchers and heavy machine guns , NATO 's International Security Assistance Force reported Friday . Multiple insurgent groups were holed up in areas that included caves and fortified bunker positions , ISAF said . Elsewhere , coalition raids on Sunday in Helmand province left five militants dead , including three Taliban commanders , according to provincial governor Dawood Ahmadi . Three others were captured , he said . Sunday 's announcement coincides with formal ceremonies marking the handover of security to Afghan forces in parts of Kabul and Panjshir province . They are the fifth and sixth areas to be transferred to national forces . CNN 's Fazel Reshad contributed to this report	NEW : Five other militants killed in Helmand province , including three Taliban commanders Paktika governor : at least 80 militants are killed in joint operations NATO confirms 50 insurgents were killed Separately , security handover ceremonies take place in Kabul and Panjshir province
CNN  -- Manchester United defender Rio Ferdinand has been charged with improper conduct by the English Football Association . The former national team captain responded to a tweet describing Chelsea and England left-back as a "  choc ice " with the message : "  I hear you fella ! Choc ice is a classic ! Hahahahahaha !! " In a brief statement published on their website Thursday , the FA announced : "  The allegation is that the player acted in a way which was improper and/or bought the game into disrepute by making comments which included a reference to ethnic origin and/or color and/or race . " Ferdinand , a surprise exclusion from England 's Euro 2012 squad , has until 4pm on 2nd August to respond to the FA 's charge . The charge is the latest twist in an ongoing saga that began last October , when England and Chelsea defender John Terry was accused of racially abusing Anton Ferdinand , Rio 's brother , during a Premier League game . Terry was recently found not guilty at Westminster Magistrates Court , but has since been charged by the FA for alleged "  abusive and/or insulting words and/or behavior towards " , and an allegation "  that this included a reference to the ethnic origin and/or color and/or race of Anton Ferdinand . " Ashley Cole , who plays alongside Terry for club and country , was a character witness at the court hearing . The elder Ferdinand controversially tweeted during the trial , "  Film of the day : Liar Liar ... starring Jim Carey . What a film !! " , in what many assumed was a coded reference to his former international teammate John Terry . Meanwhile , Manchester United has announced that car maker Chevrolet will be the club 's new shirt sponsor . The seven year deal will run from the 2014/2015 season , with the U.S. based company becoming only the fifth shirt sponsor in the club 's 134 year history . United ' commercial director Richard Arnold described it as a "  fantastic , long-term deal for the club " , but declined to reveal how much the new deal was worth to the club .	Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand charged by FA for comments posted on Twitter Former England defender appeared to describe Ashley Cole as a "  choc ice " Tweet related to evidence given at John Terry 's trial for racist abuse towards Anton Ferdinand Manchester United have announced a new sponsorhip deal with Chevrolet
CNN  -- Ex-Detroit Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick and his former treasurer got more than $ 125,000 in free travel and entertainment from an investment firm that made $ 3 million handling city pension funds , federal regulators said Wednesday . A lawsuit filed by the Securities and Exchange Commission accuses Kilpatrick and former city Treasurer Jeffrey Beasley of soliciting the gifts from MayfieldGentry Realty Advisors , which regulators say picked up the tab for trips to Las Vegas , Bermuda and Florida on private jets . Beasley told the firm 's owner , Chancey Mayfield , that his company was "  in the doghouse " with Kilpatrick 's administration after Mayfield backed Kilpatrick 's opponent in the 2005 election , the lawsuit states , and Beasley offered to help Mayfield "  clear the air " with the mayor . "  At the same time Mayfield and MGRA secretly provided these gifts , they were seeking approval from the trustees of the funds , including Kilpatrick and Beasley , for over $ 115 million in investments , " the lawsuit states . "  The failure by Kilpatrick , Beasley , MGRA , and Mayfield to disclose these gifts and the resulting conflicts of interest constituted a fraud on the pension funds . " There was no immediate response to the lawsuit from the defendants Wednesday afternoon . MayfieldGentry 's phone was out of service , and the company 's website was offline . Kilpatrick was forced to resign in 2008 in a scandal over his attempt to cover-up of an extramarital affair . He served three months in jail for assaulting a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena on one of his friends , then served another 14 months in prison for violating probation . He still faces federal racketeering charges over what prosecutors call "  a pattern of extortion , bribery and fraud " during his administration , particularly involving contracts with the water department . Beasley was indicted on federal bribery charges in February , with prosecutors accusing him of taking kickbacks from companies with city pension fund business . According to the charges , Detroit 's two pension funds lost more than $ 84 million as a result of the scheme .	An SEC lawsuit names Kwame Kilpatrick and his former treasurer The suit says they got free trips from a company that wanted to handle Detroit pensions Kilpatrick resigned in 2008 and faces federal racketeering charges
London  CNN  -- After a wild and stormy night that claimed two lives , many communities in southern England face a high risk of flooding Saturday from still-rising rivers . Severe flood warnings are in place along the Thames Valley to the west of London , as well as in southwest and central England . The Environment Agency warned that flood risk will continue for at least another week . An elderly passenger died Friday aboard the British-based cruise ship MS Marco Polo after it was hit by a "  freak wave during adverse sea conditions , " according to the ship 's owner , Cruise & Maritime Voyages . The rogue wave struck as the ship made its way into the English Channel en route from the Azores to its home port in Tilbury , southeast England , it said . As high winds whipped southern England on Friday night , a 49-year-old woman was killed when the front of a building collapsed onto her vehicle in central London , police said . Two other passengers in the car were injured . Police said the collapse happened during bad weather , but they were unable to say if it was directly related . On Saturday , amid increasing questions about the government response , Prime Minister David Cameron visited Chertsey , Surrey and thanked the military for its help during the crisis . The Environment Agency reported that 16 severe flood warnings remained in place Saturday , meaning there is a danger to life , as well as 151 lower-level flood warnings in different parts of the country . Thames Barrier , which is deployed to prevent the tidal river now flooding central London with devastating consequences , was shut for a record 16th consecutive time to help reduce flood risk along the Thames , according to the Environment Agency . The emergency will continue over the coming days for the Somerset Levels and Moors , where river levels continue to rise , posing a further threat to those already affected by recent flooding , the agency said . "  Despite an improving forecast the risk of flooding will continue for many communities in southern parts of England over the next few days , " Paul Leinster , the Environment Agency 's chief executive , said in a statement . More rain is forecast over the weekend , pushing river levels ever higher . Homes sandbagged After the wettest January in England in 2 1/2 centuries , February has so far brought little relief . The River Thames has reached its highest levels for over 60 years in some places , bringing flood misery to thousands of people living in the Thames Valley . The towns of Maidenhead and Windsor , where the queen has a castle , and communities in the counties of Surrey , Buckinghamshire , Berkshire and Reading are all at risk from the Thames . Residents desperate to hold back the rising waters have sandbagged entrances to their homes and businesses . Princes William and Harry lent their help to the flood defense effort Friday morning , as they joined soldiers who hefted sandbags in the village of Datchet in Berkshire . There is also a risk of flooding on the River Severn in Gloucester and on the Somerset Levels , in southwest England . Some communities on the Somerset Levels have been inundated for weeks . As well as high river levels , saturated ground from weeks of heavy rain mean that there is nowhere for water to go . Severe gales , large waves and high sea levels were expected to bring a high risk of coastal flooding to parts of the Dorset coast on Saturday , the Environment Agency said . Other areas along the south coast of England will also be battered by extreme weather . Nearly 6,000 properties have been flooded since the beginning of December , more than 1,000 of them in the wealthy areas in the Thames Valley . Leinster said more than 1.3 million properties have been protected since the start of December through the Environment Agency and use of the Thames Barrier . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin , Talia Kayali , Chelsea J. Carter , Brian Walker , Ray Sanchez and Bharati Naik contributed to this report .	Rising waters may bring more flooding to communities near swollen rivers Two people died Friday amid stormy weather , one when a rogue wave hit a cruise ship 20 severe flood warnings , meaning there 's a risk to life , are in place around England Environment Agency says the flood risk will continue for at least a week
CNN  -- Have you been flying much this summer ? If so , how has the experience been ? Right . Thought so . Flying these days -- the jammed-to-the-groaning-point cabins and torture-rack legroom ; the fees for everything from checking your bags to being handed a paltry package of food ; the endless , we 'll - X-ray-you-to-within-an-inch-of-your-dignity security lines ; the sweaty guy in the next seat with a tank top on and his shoes off -- you know how it is . Airline asks passengers for gas money Flying is too often a dreary , joy-sapping slog . It 's difficult even to remember that it was ever any other way . Which is why , at Midway Airport in Chicago recently , I was intrigued when someone mentioned to me a book about that very airport . The book had a workmanlike title : "  When Hollywood Landed at Chicago 's Midway Airport . " Because the person who recommended it to me spoke in such glowing terms , I ordered a copy through the mail . Written by a fellow named Christopher Lynch , who grew up around Midway , it is a thin , paperbound volume that appears to be a labor of love and respect . It tells the story of one Mike Rotunno , a photographer-for-hire in the first boom years of commercial air travel in the United States . Rotunno -- he died in 1994 -- was a newspaper photographer who decided he might be able to do better as his own boss . In the 1930s , '40s and '50s , flying was a big deal . When a family went on vacation by air , it was a major life event . Rotunno set up a company called Metro News at Midway -- O'Hare International Airport was many years from being built -- to offer professional photo service to anyone passing through the airport who wanted a memento of the occasion . But he also began taking photos of Hollywood  and political  stars as they arrived in Chicago . The cross-country flights in those years had to stop to refuel , and Midway was often where they set down . Lynch 's book is filled with Rotunno 's old photos . And ... Well , take a look at the selection of those photos atop today 's column . The next time you 're frustrated and downcast about what air travel has become , the memory of the photos may serve as a tonic . "  Traveling by air in those years was n't like boarding a flying bus , the way it is today , " Lynch told me . "  People did n't travel in flip-flops . I mean , no offense , Mister , but I do n't want to see your toes . " Recovered wreckage fails to solve case of missing pilot The trains were still king in those years . The airlines wanted to convince people that flying was safe . "  People were afraid to fly , " Lynch said . "  And it was expensive . The airlines had to make people think it was something they should try . " Enter Mike Rotunno . His pictures of the stars as they got off the planes made air travel seem to be glamorous , sophisticated , civilized , thrilling . The stars dressed up to fly -- and so did everyone else . Few celebrities had the option of private planes in those days , so the guy passing you in the aisle on a cross-country flight just might be Clark Gable . And everyone alighted from the planes by stairways onto the runways -- there were none of the sealed bridges that today attach to the terminals . The photos of the stars set the tone for flying . Lynch told me : "  People who saw pictures in the papers of stars getting off planes thought , ` Hey , if John Wayne can fly , I can fly . I want to be like John Wayne . ' " Thus , there is Wayne -- the Duke himself -- looking like the proverbial million bucks , climbing off a TWA flight and striding toward Rotunno 's camera . There is Marilyn Monroe , right there with Mike and his Speed Graphic . Katharine Hepburn , a dream incarnate . Gary Cooper , taking a photo of Rotunno , as Rotunno took a photo of him . Rock Hudson , surrounded by fans . Red Skelton . Gene Autry . Dean Martin and Jerry Lewis . Jimmy Stewart . John F. Kennedy , Jacqueline Kennedy and Richard Nixon -- together , all in a single frame , beneath a United Airlines plane . It is a lost world -- the airborne world of everyday elegance , as available to the average ticket holder as to Bob Hope or to Abbott and Costello . Mike Rotunno , on a daily basis , captured it all . It was an arrangement in which everyone won . The airlines , which assisted him in lining up the photos , won because the results helped convince the public to abandon the trains . The Hollywood studios won because they got a little bit of free publicity for their stars . The newspapers won because , by buying photos from Rotunno , they did n't have to send photographers to the airport themselves . And Rotunno won , because he got the money . Potential FAA cuts would create big hassles for fliers And he also won because he got the memories . Think of his photos the next time you 're shoehorned into a seat next to a fellow who 's dripping the sloppy innards of his carry-on submarine sandwich onto your sleeve . Air travel was once a treasured experience , exciting , exotic , something never to be forgotten . You , too , could travel like Elizabeth Taylor . Who , of course , knew that Mike Rotunno would be waiting for her on the runway at the bottom of the stairs . She 's gone now . He 's gone now . That era of travel is gone now . And you ? Your flight is boarding . Why are n't you smiling ? Are you a window flier or an aisle seater ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene : Flying has become a soul-sucking slog with cramped seats , bad food He says it used to be pretty glamorous ; a Chicago photog captured this in '30s - '50s Mike Rotunno took pictures of celebrities , politicians arriving at Midway Airport Greene : Stars made flying desirable , high-toned ; think of this next time you endure a flight
CNN  -- Country music star George Jones has been hospitalized in Nashville for a respiratory infection but is scheduled to be released on Friday , his representatives said . The 80-year-old performer was to stay overnight Thursday for observation , according to a statement on his website . Jones began cutting records in the mid-1950s , turning out genre standards like "  He Stopped Loving Her Today , " "  White Lighting " and "  She Thinks I Still Care . " He was inducted into the Country Music Hall of Fame in 1992 . He was long legendary for the hard living that he depicted in his songs -- and which earned him the nickname "  No-Show " among concertgoers . But Jones ' last known serious health problems were in 1999 , when he survived a car accident that required rescuers to spend two hours cutting him out of his sport-utility vehicle . He developed pneumonia while in the hospital and was placed back on a ventilator , but recovered soon afterward .	Jones is expected to be released from a hospital Friday , according to his website He has been cutting records since the mid-1950s His last known serious health issues were in 1999 , after a car accident
The Frisky  -- Carrie Bradshaw is not only a Manhattan and fashion icon , but as a dating columnist , she 's considered a dating icon as well . Why ? She 's selfish , immature , manipulative , impulsive , and , let 's face it , kind of psycho . The Frisky : 10 spoiler-free reasons to see "  SATC 2 " She gives women , even kooky women , a bad name . Ladies , feel free to emulate Carrie 's style and visit her favorite NYC haunts , but when it comes to dating , it 's best to do anything but what she does . Carrie makes several common mistakes throughout the "  Sex and the City " series and by watching her missteps , women can learn a lot about what to do and , more importantly , what not to do , at all stages of a relationship . The Frisky : Cattiest reviews about "  Sex and the City 2 " Do n't assume . When Carrie begins dating Mr. Big , she assumes that since she 's not seeing anyone else , he 's not either . Predictably , she 's shocked when she finds him at dinner with another woman . Although she and Big had shared a bed together , they had only gone on two dates by that point ; he certainly did n't owe her exclusivity , especially when they had n't discussed it . If you do n't want your new guy to date anyone else , make sure he knows it . While there 's no magic time to have the "  what do we call this relationship " talk , it 's imperative that you have the talk at some point . Over-analyzing does n't solve anything . Carrie often falls into the trap of over and over and over-analyzing every aspect of her relationships , wondering what each and every little tiny thing means . She looks for hidden meanings in the most ordinary events . When Big takes her to the same restaurant twice in a row , she looks for a secret motive . She listens to answering machine messages from him repeatedly , straining to hear what he 's not saying . Sometimes , men are not up-front about why they do what they do , but most of the time , a restaurant is just a restaurant and a message is just a message . Stalking is n't sexy . "  Sex and the City " existed in a time before cell phones were ubiquitous , Google was a verb , and posting on Facebook and Twitter became a national pastime . Yet Carrie still manages to stalk Big , following him to church to see what he does on Sundays and with whom , and concocting a scheme to meet his ex-wife . While there 's nothing wrong with looking up a new date online , cyberstalking or , worse , actually stalking someone likely wo n't end well . When he finds out that you 've been moonlighting as a private investigator , he wo n't be flattered . Instead , he 'll wonder what he 's getting himself into and will probably be ready to end what may have just started . Drama does n't equal passion . Carrie is scared when Aidan seems "  too perfect . " She wants to know what 's wrong with him and insists he must be hiding a big secret from her . As she ponders her new relationship , she writes , "  Do we need drama to make a relationship work ? " The answer is no . Unfortunately , many women equate drama with passion . A relationship filled with drama is usually exciting because you never know what could happen -- good or bad . That kind of excitement can be destructive and is ultimately unsustainable . A drama-free relationship is n't one that 's necessarily without love or passion ; it 's one that 's mature enough to not need the emotional roller coaster . The Frisky : I 'm a "  Miranda " type -- not a "  Carrie " -- and I love it "  Perfect " does n't exist . Even as Aidan is too perfect , Carrie insists on perfection when she goes out with Berger for the first time . She goes shopping for the perfect outfit and tries to think of what activity they can do to make it the perfect first date . However , she soon realizes that Berger is n't interested in her clothes or doing the best thing ever on a date ; he 's interested in her . When we strive for perfection , we 're bound to be disappointed because no date , guy or relationship will ever live up to that expectation . Be the better person . In one of the most memorable scenes of the series , Berger dumps Carrie on a Post-it note . Was he nasty and immature ? Absolutely ! But was she right to yell at his friends when she ran into them at the club opening ? No . Of course , she was hurt and angry , but she ranted at the wrong audience . Although he was a jerk , she made herself look ridiculous . Everyone is dumped at some point -- if you take the high road , he 'll look like the bad guy and it wo n't look like he had a reason to end things . The Frisky : When he is n't over his old girlfriend If you 're not yourself around him , he 's not right for you . When she 's dating Aleksandr Petrovsky , Carrie subverts herself and her desires to please her new man . She feigns interest in his interests and eventually gives up her career , apartment and city for him . It 's great to explore new things in a relationship -- in fact , one of the best aspects of dating is that it opens you up to new people and ideas -- but when you stop acting like yourself and start taking on your boyfriend 's ideas and ideals , it 's time to disentangle from the relationship and find yourself again . Magical endings are for movies . The series ends when Carrie reunites with both Manhattan and Big . Sweeping camera angles , soaring music , and kissing under lampposts in the rain are great for fiction , but sometimes holding hands on the couch says more about a couple 's commitment to each other . Do n't forget to cherish the small moments while you wait for the big ones that might never come . TM &  2010 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Columnist says women should not emulate Carrie Bradshaw 's dating styles Do n't equate drama with passion -- roller coaster emotions are destructive Give up over-analyzing every aspect of your relationships Ladies , if you 're not yourself around him , he 's not right for you
Mashable  -- More than 150,000 people have signed an online petition calling for Apple to remove an app from the iTunes store that was created by a Christian organization they say is anti-gay . Exodus International , which according to its website has ministries that "  provide support for individuals who want to recover from homosexuality , " released the app on February 15 . -LSB- UPDATE 11 a.m. ET Wednesday : Apple has pulled the app from its online store . -RSB- The app had a 4 + approval rating from the Apple app store , and the organization is quick to point out that this rating is reserved for those apps that "  contain no objectionable material . " Gay rights activists obviously disagree . "  No objectionable content ? We beg to differ , " reads the Change.org petition that was started by non-profit LBGT advocacy organization Truth Wins Out . "  Exodus ' message is hateful and bigoted . They claim to offer ` freedom from homosexuality through the power of Jesus Christ ' and use scare tactics , misinformation , stereotypes and distortions of LGBT life to recruit clients . " The app is like a portable version of Exodus International 's website . It has a calendar of events , news , links to Exodus 's social media sites and videos . Those items , like corresponding features of its website , reflect its belief that someone can be counseled away from homosexuality . In a blog post , the organization writes that it intends to broaden its reach with the app . Despite the petition calling for the app 's removal , which suggests Exodus International is dangerously broadening its reach toward youth , and a storm of negative complaints posted on the app 's download page , Apple has not taken the Exodus International App -LSB- iTunes link -RSB- down . Apple responded differently to a similar situation last year . According to Pink News , the company shut down an anti-gay app created by a Christian group after a mere 7,000 people signed a change.org petition calling for its removal . At the time , Apple said in a statement that they had removed the app because it violated its developer guidelines by "  being offensive to large groups of people . "  2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Anti-gay Christian organization Exodus International created app Petition started by non-profit LBGT advocacy organization Truth Wins Out App reflects group 's belief that someone can be counseled away from homosexuality
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Government airstrikes killed 20 Taliban militants in the past 24 hours in northwest Pakistan , a military source said Monday . Residents sift through the rubble of a bombed out school near Peshawar city . The airstrikes were launched in the village of Charmang , as part of an attempt to retake small pockets of Bajaur Agency , according to the source . CNN could not confirm the casualties because of access and safety reasons . The operation is going on in north and south Waziristan , the source added , particularly to clear supply routes and prepare for a major operation against Pakistan 's Taliban chief , Baitullah Mehsud , who has ties to al Qaeda . The Pakistani military has been conducting an offensive against the Taliban , centered in the Swat region of North West Frontier Province . Also Monday , a police officer and two civilians were killed when a suicide bomber drove an explosives-laden vehicle into a police checkpoint near Peshawar . And on early Sunday morning , a bomb blast destroyed a girl 's school east of Peshawar city , authorities said . No one was in the school building at the time , but two people who live in houses near the school suffered minor injuries .	Airstrikes launched in attempt to retake small pockets of Bajaur Agency Police officer , 2 civilians die in suicide attack on police checkpoint near Peshawar Sunday : Bomb blast destroys girl 's school east of Peshawar city
CNN  -- No checks ? No worries . Or for some veterans , at least not as many worries , for a while . Nearly 40,000 U.S. veterans wounded on or after September 11 , 2001 , will each get a $ 500 check to help their families even if deadlocked Washington can not not find a deal to resolve the partial government shutdown , one of the nation 's largest veterans service groups promised Tuesday . Steve Nardizzi , executive director of Florida-based Wounded Warrior Project , announced on CNN 's "  AC360 " the organization will spend $ 20 million providing wounded veterans with stipend checks should their disability benefits not be issued by the federal government , which is still deeply entrenched in a bitter partisan standoff 15 days after the shutdown began . He did not specify when the checks would be sent . 7 crazy side effects from the shutdown Testifying before the House Veterans Affairs Committee last week , Secretary of Veterans Affairs Eric Shinseki warned that if the shutdown continues , on November 1 , the agency will not be able to pay all of its 3.8 million beneficiaries , far outnumbering WWP 's 40,000 , who are counting on their checks . The payments would amount to $ 6.25 billion in compensation and pensions , survivor benefits , educational vocational rehabilitation and employment benefits , Shinseki said . "  I need the authorization , appropriations and a budget to be able to do that , " he told committee members . "  Let us get back to work . The sooner we do it the faster I get back up to full speed . " Also at risk are some 435,000 veterans in the VA 's disability claims backlog who will now have to wait longer for their applications to be handled because the agency has stopped paying overtime to processors who were trying to cut the backlog . If there 's a deal , what next ? WWP 's announcement came as nearly 100 veterans from a coalition of the nation 's leading veterans and uniformed services organizations made their angry push Tuesday at Washington 's National World War II Memorial to end the shutdown . Former Army Capt. Tom Tarantino , chief policy officer for Iraq and Afghanistan Veterans of America , pointed his frustration at what he considered a politically insolvent Congress . "  Inside the Beltway , this is a game to them -- they 're scoring points , they 're poll testing what they 're saying . Outside of the Beltway , these are people 's lives , " he said . Veterans rally against shutdown	Nearly 40,000 wounded U.S. veterans will get $ 500 each if the government ca n't pay them Wounded Warrior Project announces payments as the shutdown closes in on Day 15 Overall , some 3.8 million vets are counting on benefits , official warns Nearly 100 veterans gather in Washington in a push to end the shutdown
The son of U.S.-born militant cleric Anwar Al-Awlaki was among those killed in a trio of drone attacks in southern Yemen on Friday night , a security official said . The attacks , carried out in the Shabwa district , killed seven suspected militants , the defense ministry said . It would not confirm that Abdul Rahman Anwar Awlaki was among them . The senior security official in Shabwa , who did not want to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media , said the younger Awlaki had been hiding in the mountains of Shabwa for more than eight months . He had first-hand knowledge of the death , he said . The Awlaki family did not want to comment . On September 30 , a U.S. drone strike killed Anwar al-Awlaki , a U.S.-born miltant cleric who was a key leader of the terrorist group al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula  AQAP  . President Barack Obama hailed that death as a "  major blow " for the terror group . Friday night 's attack also killed Ibrahim al-Banna , the head media officer for AQAP , the Yemeni defense ministry said .	The son had been hiding in the mountains for more than eight months , the official says The Awlaki family did not want to comment The strikes also kill the head media officer of AQAP
TAIPEI , Taiwan  CNN  -- Former Taiwan President Chen Shui-bian was convicted Friday on corruption and money laundering charges , and was sentenced to life in prison , according to officials at Taipei City Court . Former Taiwan president Chen Shui-bian walks inside the Taipei Detention Centre in Tucheng on Friday . He was fined 200 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 6.1 million  as well . Chen 's wife , Wu Shu-chen , who earlier had been convicted of lying to prosecutors , also was convicted on similar charges . She received a life sentence and was fined 300 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 9.1 million  , according to the Central News Agency , Taiwan 's official news agency . The former president was not at the courthouse when the verdict was read . He had asked to be excused and was being held at a detention center . Supporters of Chen gathered outside the courthouse hours before the verdict , wearing bright-green shirts , and carrying yellow balloons and banners . Riot police stood by in case the crowd got out of control as they protested the verdict . The former president 's corruption trial began in March . It is the first for a former head of state , and has gripped the island for months . He has denied wrongdoing and has said the charges are politically motivated . Prosecutors say Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 17.7 million  , took bribes , laundered money and illegally removed classified documents from the president 's office . Chen has countered that the bribe money was actually political donations . He has also said that a special presidential fund from which he is accused of embezzling does not clearly say what the money can and can not be used for . Ahead of Friday 's verdict , the island 's former first lady was sentenced to a year in prison for lying in her husband 's corruption case . Wu was convicted on charges that she helped her son , daughter and son-in-law provide false testimony . Prosecutors said the former first couple 's son has a Swiss bank account with $ 22 million they think are illegal proceeds . The challenge for prosecutors was to prove that Chen handed out political favors in exchange for money . The former president said he was being persecuted politically by his successor . Chen 's party favors independence for Taiwan . His successor , President Ma Ying-jeou , favors closer ties with mainland China . Journalist Yin Chen contributed to this report .	Riot police stand by , as Chen supporters gather outside courthouse Prosecutors : Chen embezzled 600 million New Taiwan dollars  U.S. $ 17.7 million Former first lady Wu Shu-chen receives same sentence Wu Shu-chen was also convicted last week of lying to prosecutors
More than three years after Air France Flight 447 plunged into the southern Atlantic Ocean , killing all 228 people aboard , authorities are preparing to release their final report on the fatal crash . France 's Bureau of Investigation and Analysis  BEA  said the data indicated that the flight from Rio de Janeiro to Paris crashed because the aircraft 's speed sensors gave invalid readings , but there are other theories on why the plane went down . When did Flight 447 go down ? Flight 447 -- which was en route to Paris from Rio de Janeiro -- made its last contact with Brazil 's Atlantic Control Center  ACC  at around 01:33 GMT on June 1 , 2009 , informing the center of the plane 's position as it crossed the Atlantic . Soon after , Brazil 's air control contacted Dakar 's control center in North Africa and reported that AF 447 was entering an area on its route known for constant bands of severe turbulence , officials said . There was no further contact with the plane . History 's deadliest plane crashes Do we know why Flight 447 crashed ? Last year 's BEA report said the airplane climbed to 38,000 feet when "  the stall warning was triggered and the airplane stalled . " It then descended , crashing into the Atlantic . The descent lasted 3 minutes and 30 seconds and the engines remained operational , said the report . Studies of the debris and bodies that were found soon after the crash led the BEA to conclude the plane hit the water belly first , essentially intact . Oxygen masks were not deployed , indicating that the cabin did not depressurize , the BEA said in a 2009 report . Tests have already brought into question the performance of pitot tubes , which measure the pressure exerted on the plane as it flies through the air , and are part of a system used to determine air speed . Before it crashed , Flight 447 sent out 24 automated error messages that suggested the plane may have been flying too fast or too slow through the thunderstorms , officials have said . The European Aviation Safety Agency issued a directive in late August requiring airlines to replace pitot tubes manufactured by Thales Avionics on Airbus A330s and A340s . It said airlines should replace them with other Thales tubes and those manufactured by Goodrich . The lack of speed , wind or direction information also prevented the Autopilot system from functioning , said air accident investigator Alain Bouillard said at the time of the crash . "  This tells us that the plane has to be , in this case , directed by the pilot , " he said . Who 's really flying the plane ? What about the weather ? Flight 447 was passing through an area prone to volatile and dangerous weather known as the Inter-tropical Convergence Zone  ITCZ  , when it went down . The ITCZ is a belt of low pressure that wraps around the planet . Clouds and storms form along it because it is literally where the winds of the world 's hemispheres meet . Here , air and water temperatures are typically in the mid-80s . The warm , moist air is heated further by the blazing tropical sun . Steamy air , coming off the ocean , rises until it hits cooler , drier air aloft , forming clouds and thunderstorms . These gigantic storms contain volatile updrafts and downdrafts that can move at speeds of 100 mph . The height of these storms also can tower to more than 10 miles in the air . Even if you stacked two dozen of the world 's tallest skyscrapers on top of each other , they still would n't reach the tops of the biggest thunderstorms of the ITCZ . However Learmount pointed out that hundreds of airliners pass through the ITCZ every day without incident . "  There was another Air France flight 30 minutes behind Flight 447 that night and it encountered no problems , " he said . 153 bodies identified from 2009 Air France crash Any other theories ? According to Learmount , many aviation experts have yet to rule out the human factor . "  The crash happened at around 2:00 a.m. on a dark night when the error messages suddenly appeared and the autopilot tripped out . " He said the crew , possibly at their deepest circadian low at this point , suddenly have this problem and they "  fixate " on it . "  This is a syndrome , " he said . "  There have been lots of accidents where pilots have fixated on correcting a relatively minor problem and lose sight of the macro problem . Now we do n't know that , but we do know the aircraft acted as if it was not being controlled purposefully . "  Whether it was out of control -- and I doubt this -- it was not being controlled . Imagine it is 2 am and two sleepy pilots encounter a problem . They do n't have much to do so they decide to troubleshoot this problem . They fixate on it and forget the autopilot has tripped . "  The airplane meanwhile goes into a lazy spiral descent -- the pilots do n't notice as it is all very gentle . And when they look up they do n't believe what their instruments tell them and they get disorientated and ca n't recover . " He highlighted a similar case in 2004 when pilot disorientation and loss of control caused a Flash Airlines Boeing 737-300 to crash in the Red Sea shortly after take off from the Egyptian resort of Sharm el Sheikh . Though Egyptian authorities disputed the claim , aviation safety officials in France and the U.S. cited "  spatial disorientation " as the likely cause based on evidence available , according to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  . How long did it take to find the wreckage ? It took four searches over the course of nearly two years to locate the plane 's flight recorder and the bulk of the wreckage , still containing many bodies , in a mountain range deep under the ocean . The area where the Airbus A330 went down is in the mid-Atlantic -- two to four days for ships to reach from the nearest ports in Brazil or Senegal in West Africa . The U.S. National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration estimates the ocean depth in the area at 3,000 meters  about 9,840 feet  to 7,500 meters  24,600 feet  . Brazilian officials have said the sea depth in the area is around 2,000 to 3,000 meters  6,562 to 9,842 feet  . The search that turned up the bulk of the wreckage in 2011 covered a 46-mile  75-kilometer  radius around the last known position of Flight 447 , investigators said , in an area rough with underwater mountains and valleys . "  It is a mountain range as big as the Alps , " David Learmount of Flight International told CNN . "  There was always the possibility that the wreckage from the aircraft disappeared down a crevasse . This is not a flat-bottom environment like the North Sea is . " Crash pilot : ` Damn it , we 're going to crash '	Air France Flight 447 plunged into southern Atlantic Ocean killing all 228 people in 2009 Tests on instruments measuring air speed and pressure seen as one factor Expert : Search for wreck "  unprecedented in terms of depth and sub-sea terrain "
CNN  -- Four years ago , Nintendo 's gesture-tracking Wii system proved the power of motion controls to extend the mainstream appeal of video games . Now Microsoft and Sony are readying their own motion-sensing solutions . But will these user interfaces be novel enough to move gaming fans en masse ? Launching September 17 ,  $ 99.99 starter bundle  the wand-like PlayStation Move claims to offer greater precision than the Wii remote when translating gamers ' physical movements into on-screen actions . Debuting November 4 , Microsoft 's Kinect system  $ 149.99 starter bundle  , employs a 3-D camera that makes your body the controller and eliminates the need for handheld hardware . Each aims to broaden the appeal of the PlayStation 3 and Xbox 360 , respectively . But despite their high price tags  roughly $ 300 - $ 400 total , including accessories  , both are betting their chips on their appeal to casual gamers . Initial software offerings clearly reflect this sentiment , with a range of virtual pets , mini-game collections and sports-themed games . It seems a strange fit , because their steep costs are likely to limit early sales largely to current system owners -- most of whom are die-hard gamers . Sony hopes to bridge the gap by supporting traditional games , ranging from military shooter "  SOCOM 4 : U.S. Navy Seals " to colorful platform-hopper "  LittleBigPlanet 2 . " For now , Microsoft is mostly leaving third-party publishers such as Sega and UbiSoft to fight this battle instead . On the bright side , both Move and Kinect deliver on user friendliness and accessibility in hands-on tests . But neither seems to offer any must-have titles or even anything that expands greatly on previously explored Wii game concepts , making it difficult to justify the upgrade . Early game offerings hint at the hardware 's grand possibilities . But with few reasons for shoppers to buy , beyond first-adopter bragging rights , there 's also little incentive for software makers to raise the bar . Developers need time to gauge these units ' capabilities and come to grips with the vast differences between developing for 2-D and 3-D playing fields . As a result , we 'll likely see games which offer only passing glimpses of these gizmos ' potential for the next several months . One also has to wonder why sales of the Wii and supporting game software are finally slowing . Is consumer interest in motion-controlled gaming cooling ? Is the novelty of gesture-tracking fading as developers struggle to invent novel applications ? Or does everyone who wants a Wii already own one ? Some observers even question whether exhausting yourself flailing around with so-called "  active " games is really preferable to issuing commands by pressing buttons -- as evidenced by the thousands of Wii Balance Boards gathering dust in people 's closets . Of this fall 's two big new offerings , it 's Kinect that appears to offer the most potential -- but , curiously , not for its gaming features . Microsoft 's system also supports living-room videoconferencing and lets you browse menus and multimedia with spoken commands or a wave of the hand , which seems like a natural way to make everyday electronics more accessible to people . So it 's too early in the game to predict how either Move or Kinect will fare . But there 's still reason to be thankful for both . By delaying the release of new PlayStation or Xbox consoles , they 're sparing us the cost and headaches of replacing our current hardware .	Microsoft and Sony are releasing motion-sensing gaming systems this fall The Wii proved motion controls ' power to extend video games ' mainstream appeal Despite systems ' high price tags , both companies counting on appeal to casual enthusiasts
CNN  -- An Oakland , California , police officer critically injured in one of two Saturday shootings that killed three fellow officers was pronounced brain dead on Sunday , a police spokesman told CNN . Clockwise from top left : John Hege , Sgt. Daniel Sakai , Sgt. Ervin Romans and Sgt. Mark Dunakin . Initially , Oakland police spokesman Jeff Thomason said John Hege , 41 , was the fourth officer to die after a man being pulled over in a traffic stop opened fire and then battled SWAT officers at a nearby building Saturday . However , Thomason clarified later Sunday that Hege was pronounced brain dead about noon Sunday , but being kept on life support until a decision is made on organ donation . The man who police said was the gunman -- Lovelle Mixon , 26 , of Oakland -- was fatally shot in a gunbattle with SWAT officers in an apartment complex Saturday . Police said in a late-night news conference Saturday that Mixon had an extensive criminal history and was in violation of parole for assault with a deadly weapon . He also had prior convictions in Alameda County for grand theft and possession of marijuana , the Oakland Tribune newspaper reported . The city of Oakland is in Alameda County . Watch report from CNN 's Kara Finnstrom " The incident began about 1 p.m. Saturday in east Oakland when two motorcycle officers tried to pull over a car for a "  fairly routine traffic stop , " said Dave Kozicki , the deputy police chief . Watch fellow officers , families grieve " Emergency call dispatchers then received reports that two officers were shot and needed help , he said . Those officers were Hege and Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , an 18-year veteran of the force , who died Saturday . Watch acting police chief describe what happened " Soon after the first shooting , police began an intense search for the gunman . An anonymous caller directed authorities to a building on an adjacent street where the gunman was believed to be barricaded , acting Police Chief Howard Jordan said . Watch aerial views of shooting locations " The gunman opened fire on SWAT officers who entered the apartment , killing two officers before police returned fire and killed the suspect , Jordan said . Those two slain police officers were Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 . Romans had been with the department since 1996 ; Sakai since 2000 . A fifth officer was grazed by a bullet . He was treated and released , Thomason said Saturday . In a statement , California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger called it "  a tragic day for law enforcement officers everywhere . " Watch the community give support " "  All four officers dedicated their lives to public safety and selflessly worked to protect the people of Oakland , " Schwarzenegger said . In honor of the officers , he said , flags at the state Capitol would be flown at half-staff . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo and Faith Karimi contributed to this report .	NEW : Police officer being kept on life support until decision on organs made Three of his fellow officers killed in shootings in Oakland , California Shootings occurred in two different locations in Oakland neighborhood Suspect died in exchange of gunfire with police , police say
CNN  -- Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera , a 54-year-old drug cartel leader whose nickname means "  Shorty , " is the most wanted man in Mexico . He 's also one of the most wanted men in the United States . Joaquin "  El Chapo " Guzman Loera leads the Sinaloa cartel , which is battling for turf along the border . For five years , the State Department has kept a $ 5 million bounty on his head , calling Guzman a threat to U.S. security . Guzman , who leads the Sinaloa cartel , is a key player in the bloody turf battles being fought along the border . He recently upped the stakes , ordering his associates to use lethal force to protect their loads in contested drug trafficking corridors , according to the Los Angeles Times . The cartel 's tentacles and those of its chief rival , the Gulf cartel , already reach across the border and into metropolitan areas such as Atlanta , Georgia ; Chicago , Illinois ; Seattle , Washington ; St. Louis , Missouri ; and Charlotte , North Carolina , Drug Enforcement Administration Agent Joseph Arabit told a subcommittee of the House Appropriations Committee in March . "  No other country in the world has a greater impact on the drug situation in the United States than Mexico does , " said Arabit , who heads the DEA 's office in this year 's border hot spot , El Paso , Texas . See where Mexican cartels are in the U.S. . A December 2008 report by the Justice Department 's National Drug Intelligence Center revealed that Mexican drug traffickers can be found in more than 230 U.S. cities . So far , the U.S. has largely been spared the violence seen in Mexico , where the cartels ' running gunbattles with police , the military and each other claimed about 6,500 lives last year . It was a sharp spike from the 2,600 deaths attributed to cartel violence in 2007 . Once again , drug war casualties are mounting on the Mexican side at a record pace in 2009 -- more than 1,000 during the first three months of the year , Arabit said . See who the key players are " The violence that has spilled over into the U.S. has been restricted to the players in the drug trade -- trafficker-on-trafficker , DEA agents say . But law enforcement officials and analysts who spoke with CNN agree that it is only a matter of time before innocent people on the U.S. side get caught in the cartel crossfire . "  It 's coming . I guarantee , it 's coming , " said Michael Sanders , a DEA spokesman in Washington . Sinaloa cartel leader Guzman 's shoot-to-kill instructions are n't limited to Mexican authorities and cartel rivals ; they also include U.S. law enforcement officials , the Los Angeles Times reported , citing sources and intelligence memos . The move is seen as dangerously brazen , the newspaper reported . In the past , the cartels have tried to avoid direct confrontation with U.S. law enforcement . U.S. officials are trying to stop the violence from crossing the border . The Obama administration committed to spending an additional $ 700 million to help Mexico fight the cartels and agreed to double the number of U.S. agents working the border . But $ 700 million pales in comparison with the wealth amassed by just one target . Guzman , who started in collections and rose to lead his own cartel , is said to be worth $ 1 billion after more than two decades in the drug trade . He made this year 's Forbes list of the richest of the rich , landing between a Swiss tycoon and an heir to the Campbell 's Soup fortune . Popular Mexican songs , called narcocorridos , embellish the myth of the poorly educated but charismatic cartel leader . "  Shorty is the Pablo Escobar of Mexico , " said security consultant Scott Stewart , invoking the memory of the colorful Medellin cartel leader who also landed on the Forbes list and thumbed his nose at Colombian authorities until he died in a shower of police bullets in December 1993 . Stewart , a former agent for the Bureau of Diplomatic Security , gathers intelligence on the cartels for Stratfor , a Texas-based security consulting firm that helped document Guzman 's worth . Just a decade ago , Mexican smugglers worked as mules for Colombians , moving their cocaine by land across the U.S. border when the heat was on in the Caribbean . But Colombian President Alvaro Uribe 's campaign of arrests and extraditions made ghosts of the Medellin and Cali cartels . The mules stepped into the power vacuum and never looked back . Now they buy cocaine from the Colombians and take their own profits . Mexican cartels now bring in about 90 percent of the cocaine consumed in the United States , according to the DEA . Mexico also is the top foreign supplier of marijuana and methamphetamine . Marijuana became the cartels ' biggest revenue source for the first time in 2007 , bringing in $ 8.5 billion . Cocaine came in second , at $ 3.9 billion , and methamphetamine earned $ 1 billion , a top U.S. drug policymaker told a group of U.S. and Mexican law enforcement officials last year . Watch how marijuana became the cartels ' top cash crop " The Mexican government recognizes seven cartels , but the Sinaloa and Gulf cartels are the major players along the U.S. border , according to the DEA agents , local police officials and security analysts who spoke with CNN . The cartels ' enforcers -- Los Negros for Sinaloa , Los Zetas for Gulf -- are believed to be responsible for most of the violence . The status and alliances of the players continue to shift . Although the DEA and some analysts disagree , others say the Zetas , a paramilitary group of turncoat soldiers and anti-narcotics police , are now running the Gulf cartel . "  From what we 've seen , the Zetas have taken over the Gulf cartel , " analyst Stewart said . "  In violent times , soldiers tend to rise to the top . " These soldiers are incredibly well-armed , police learned after a November raid that resulted in the arrest of top Zeta lieutenant Jaime "  Hummer " Gonzalez Duran . It was the largest weapons seizure in Mexican history -- 540 rifles , including AK-47s ; 287 grenades ; two rocket launchers ; and 500,000 rounds of ammunition . At the very least , the Zeta enforcers now have a seat at the table . The DEA 's Arabit testified that the Gulf cartel is now run by a triumvirate . Included is Los Zetas leader Heriberto Lazcano Lazcano , a former military man who is also known as "  El Lazco , " or "  The Executioner . " The past year witnessed unprecedented bloodshed as the two cartels battled for control of the border 's lucrative drug-trafficking corridors . The cartels are fighting over control of Ciudad Juarez , across the border from El Paso , Texas ; Sonora Nogales , across from Nogales , Arizona ; and Tijuana , across the border from San Diego , California . Two years ago , the turf battle was over Nuevo Laredo , across the border from Laredo , Texas . It 's all about the highways that help move the drugs . Nuevo Laredo is close to the Interstate 35 corridor , and Juarez has easy access to I-10 , a major east-west interstate , and I-25 , which runs north to Denver , Colorado . Tijuana is also conveniently near I-10 and I-5 , which heads north all the way to the Canadian border . Some of the battles are internal , Arabit said . Some are with other cartels . And some , he said , can be attributed to the cartels ' "  desperate " attempt to resist Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's unprecedented attack on drug traffickers . As soon as he took office in January 2007 , Calderon called out the cartels . He has deployed about 30,000 troops to back up and , in some cases , do the job of local police . Mexico also has extradited about 190 cartel suspects to the United States since Calderon took office . The violence involves beheadings , running gunbattles and discoveries of mass graves and huge arms caches . Police and public officials have been gunned down in broad daylight . The cartels ' enforcers boldly display recruitment banners in the streets . "  The beheadings started at the same time the beheading videos started coming out of Iraq , " analyst Stewart said . "  It was simple machismo . The Sinaloa guys started putting up videos on YouTube of them torturing Zetas . " When Mexicans first stepped into the role of Colombians in the mid-1990s , the Juarez and Tijuana cartels were dominant , beneficiaries of their location . Today , they are shadows of their former selves , weakened by the deaths and arrests of their leaders . Juarez cartel leader Amado Carrillo Fuentes died of complications from plastic surgery in 1997 . Known as "  The King of the Skies " for his fleet of cocaine-carrying planes , he was said to be undergoing liposuction and other appearance-altering procedures to avoid arrest . Three of his doctors were charged with killing the cartel leader with an overdose of anesthetic during his surgery . Two of them later were killed . His death , along with the 2003 arrest of Gulf cartel founder Osiel Cardenas Guillen , set the stage for the ongoing turf battle . When Cardenas was extradited in 2007 , Guzman set his sights on controlling Juarez as well as Nogales . Cardenas is awaiting trial in October in federal court in Houston , Texas , where he is accused of drug trafficking and attempting to kill two federal agents and an informant on the streets of Matamoros , Mexico . Arrests and extraditions crippled the Arellano-Felix Organization in Tijuana , and last year , Guzman made a move on that plaza as well . "  Right now , they are fighting to survive much like Pablo Escobar , " said the DEA 's Elizabeth Kempshall , who heads the agency 's office in Phoenix , Arizona . Phoenix has become the nation 's kidnapping capital , largely because of the cartels ' increasing presence . Kempshall said that cartel leaders fear nothing more than extradition : "  That is the worst thing for any cartel leader , to face justice in the United States . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin contributed to this story	Sinaloa , Gulf cartels battle for control of drug routes across U.S. border The turf war has spurred record death tolls with gunbattles , beheadings U.S. is doubling number of agents at border , spending $ 700 million Agents , analysts compare situation to '90s battle against Colombian cartels
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- To see her playing with her friends , Maya Lama seems much like any other child . But until last year , the 12-year-old Nepalese girl led a very different existence , forced to work grueling 16-hour shifts in a carpet factory in Nepal 's capital , Kathmandu . Maya 's ordeal began in 2011 when , as a 10 year old , she came to the city for a visit with her uncle . Little did she know he would force her into becoming one of the country 's estimated 1.6 million child laborers , putting her to work in exchange for money to give her parents . For the next year , instead of going to school , she said she was made to work from 4 a.m. to 8 p.m. everyday , with barely any breaks . Like Maya , Yangzee Sherpa from Taplejung in northeastern Nepal was also coerced to join the workforce at an early age . She said her grandfather brought her to the capital to work because the family needed money . "  My father was an alcoholic and my mother could n't take care of me , " said the 12 year old . "  I do n't know why they sent me to work while my two brothers went to school . " Nepal 's underage workers Though child labor is illegal in Nepal , an estimated 1.6 million children between the ages of five and 17 years are in the work force , according to the National Child Labor Report . About three-quarters of them are under the age of 14 , and most are girls . Child workers are a frequent sight on Kathmandu 's streets , whether cleaning dishes in local restaurants or making a living as conductors on the city 's public transport . Many are employed in the carpet , brick and garment industries , or in private homes as domestic workers . Employers typically see the relationship as a mutually beneficial arrangement , providing the children accommodation and education , as well as a salary that supports their families , said Krishna Hari Pushkar , director general of Nepal 's Department of Labor . Though working as underage domestic help is defined as child labor , there is a mutual agreement between the children , their parents and the employers , Pushkar said , referring to it as "  social adoption . " Rescued from forced labor Thousands of children continue to work as breadwinners for their families . Maya and Yangzee are some of the lucky ones . They were rescued by Nepal Goodweave Foundation , a local non-governmental organization that works to eradicate child labor within the carpet industry . Today , they live with more than 30 other children , all under 14 , at the foundation 's transit home in Kathmandu . A regular day at this hostel-like facility is filled with children chattering , playing and attending classes . But when they sit and share their past , an eerie hush falls over the room . While Nepal 's Interim Constitution of 2007 guarantees the rights of children , and the country has signed major international conventions against child labor , enforcement is weak . Under its National Master Plan on Child Labor , the country has identified the worst forms of child labor -- bonded labor , domestic child labor and carpet weaving among them -- and aims to eliminate them by 2016 . It hopes to eliminate all other forms of child labor by 2020 . In a recent address during World Day Against Child Labour , Hanaa Singer , country representative of the United Nations Children 's Fund to Nepal , said that addressing the issue should be a priority . However , she said the country lacks the number of labor inspectors necessary to effectively monitor child labor practices in illegal factories , or in residential situations where children are often employed as domestic helpers . Recently , protests rocked Nepal 's capital following the death of a 12-year-old girl who was working as a domestic helper in the neighboring district of Lalitpur . Srijana Chaudary , a former kamlari or bonded laborer , self-immolated in March because of her perceived academic failures , according to her employers ' testimony to the police . While police ruled her death a suicide , activists argued that the girl was ill-treated and her employers should be held accountable for her death . In response to the public outcry , the government agreed to form a committee to investigate the case . Its report is still to be released . The modern problem of kamlari While forms of bonded labor have existed in Nepal for centuries , the contemporary kamlari issue stems from the 1950s , when the eradication of malaria in the country 's Terai region led migrants from other parts of the country to move in and occupy land traditionally owned by the Tharu ethnic community . With no legal records of their traditional land ownership , the Tharus were forced to become agricultural laborers for their new landlords and many were forced into debt . Many Tharu girls as young as five were sold into indentured domestic servitude by their families as a way of repaying the debts , where they could experience years of unpaid menial labor , violence and abuse , according to Shanta Chaudhary , herself a former kamlari . When Nepal officially banned the practice in 2000 , an estimated 200,000 bonded laborers from 37,000 households were emancipated , according to the survey statistics from the Backward Society Education , a non-governmental organization working to eradicate the practice . But with the government ban focusing largely on men working in the farms , girls working as child slaves for their landlords were mostly overlooked , said Man Bahadur Chhetri from the Kamlari Abolition Project , a part of the U.S.-based non-profit Nepal Youth Foundation . According to Chhetri , some 12,000 kamlaris have since been rescued . However , he said , more than 500 girls , especially in Kailai and Kanchanpur districts in far-western Nepal , are still working as child domestic workers . A family tradition Shanta was among those rescued following the 2006 decision by Nepal 's Supreme Court to make the kamlari practice illegal . "  I was born into a family of bonded laborers , " said Shanta , now an activist and former Constitutional Assembly member in Nepal 's interim parliament . "  I was expected and forced to work since I was eight . " For the next 18 years , Shanta said she toiled under harsh circumstances as a domestic worker , serving her landlord in Dang in mid-west Nepal . She was freed when she was 26 . Now 32 , she has taught herself to read and write , entered politics and successfully contested the 2008 general election . Despite government efforts , Shanta thinks while poverty continues to exist in Nepal , so will child labor . "  It might be minimized but not completely eradicated , " she said . According to the United Nations Development Program 's International Human Development Indicator , 44.2 % of Nepal 's population lives under the poverty line . In extreme cases , some parents send children to work . Sometimes , children themselves run away in search of a better life . While many Nepalese children are still trapped in this abysmal situation , the ones rescued share optimism for a better future -- their traumatic past has not killed these children 's dreams . "  I want to study and become a counselor so I can help children like myself when I grow up , " Maya said . Yangzee , on the other hand , said she wants to continue the alpine legacy of her community . "  I 'm going to climb a mountain someday , " she said . "  It 'll be Everest . "	Though child labor is illegal in Nepal , an estimated 1.6 million aged between five and 17 work About three-quarters of child laborers are under the age of 14 , and most are girls Many are employed in the carpet , brick and garment industries The country hopes to eliminate the practice by 2020 , but former child laborers are skeptical
CNN  -- A niece of fashion designer Ralph Lauren was fined slightly more than $ 2,700 on Wednesday for her behavior during an air-rage incident that caused a trans-Atlantic flight to be diverted , an Irish court official said . Jennifer Lauren pleaded guilty Wednesday to a charge of "  being intoxicated to such an extent as would give rise to a reasonable  possibility  that you might endanger yourself or other persons on board " an aircraft , said Susan Dermody from the Ennis Court Office . Judge Patrick Durcan accepted her plea and fined her 2,000 euros  about $ 2,715  , which was just short of the 2,500-euro bail that earlier had been set for her , according to Dermody . It was also well short of the costs of the $ 43,158 incurred as a result of the flight diversion and inconvenience it caused to passengers and crew -- as detailed during Wednesday 's court hearing in Ennis -- state broadcaster RTE said . The court also took "  into consideration " a charge that Jennifer Lauren engaged in "  threatening , abusive or insulting  behavior  with intent to cause a breach of the peace or being reckless , " added Dermody , the Irish court official . The 41-year old was arrested Monday at Shannon Airport in western Ireland after a Delta Air Lines flight from Barcelona to New York was diverted , according to RTE . During her appearance at Ennis Courthouse , Lauren 's attorney , Sharon Curley , said her client had a number of medical conditions and was extremely sorry about the trouble she had caused , RTE added . The judge said he accepted that her behavior was out of character , but he had to also recognize the upset and disruption it caused . Lauren made no comment as she left the court . A Delta spokesman said the diversion was due to "  an unruly customer . " The plane , carrying 216 passengers , resumed its flight to John F. Kennedy International Airport more than two hours after landing at Shannon Airport , which is about 25 kilometers  16 miles  south of Ennis and also in County Clare . Lauren runs a business in the United States called Jenny Lauren Jewelry , products from which are available at Ralph Lauren stores and various select stores in California , New York and Colorado . According her company 's website , Lauren is a New York City native who developed a love for creating jewelry as a teenager . She is a graduate of Barnard College and the University of New Mexico , as well as an avid traveler having lived in places such as Brazil , Japan and Santa Fe , New Mexico . Her 2004 memoir , "  Homesick : A Memoir of Family , Food and Finding Hope , " describes her effort to overcome an eating disorder and related health problems during her teens and 20s .	NEW : Official : Lauren pleaded guilty to being so intoxicated that others could feel endangered NEW : $ 2,700 fine is just under the bail amount , far below the alleged costs incurred The fine stems from a Spain-to-New York City flight that was diverted to Ireland State media : Her lawyer says Jennifer Lauren is extremely sorry for the trouble she caused
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said Sunday that she intends to move ahead with a vote on a resolution that labels the deaths of more than a million Armenians during World War I as genocide . The resolution has strained U.S. relations with Turkey and drawn criticism from the Bush administration . "  This resolution is one that is consistent with what our government has always said about ... what happened at that time , " Pelosi said on ABC 's "  This Week . " When asked about criticism that it could harm relations with Turkey -- a key ally in the war in Iraq and a fellow member of NATO -- Pelosi said , "  There 's never been a good time , " adding that it is important to pass the resolution now "  because many of the survivors are very old . " "  When I came to Congress 20 years ago , it was n't the right time because of the Soviet Union . Then that fell , and then it was n't the right time because of the Gulf War One . And then it was n't the right time because of overflights of Iraq . And now it 's not the right time because of Gulf War Two . "  And , again , the survivors of the Armenian genocide are not going to be with us . " But White House Spokesman Tony Fratto said bringing the resolution to a vote "  may do grave harm to U.S.-Turkish relations and to U.S. interests in Europe and the Middle East . " Turkey 's top general warned Sunday that ties with the United States will be irreversibly damaged if Congress passes the resolution , The Associated Press reported . Turkey has recalled its ambassador from Washington for consultations and warned of cuts in logistical support to the United States over the issue . The recall is only for a limited period of time , said a U.S. State Department official who talked to the ambassador . "  If this resolution -LSB- that -RSB- passed in the committee passes the House as well , our military ties with the U.S. will never be the same again , " Gen. Yasar Buyukanit told the daily Milliyet newspaper , according to AP The House Foreign Affairs Committee voted 27-21 Wednesday to approve the nonbinding measure , which declares the deportation of nearly 2 million Armenians from the Ottoman Empire between 1915 and 1923 was "  systematic " and "  deliberate , " amounting to "  genocide . " The deportations led to the deaths of an estimated 1.5 million people . But Sunday , Pelosi stood by her previous assertion that the measure would be taken to a full vote if it passed the committee . Newly installed chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , Adm. Michael Mullen , tried to calm tensions by phoning his Turkish counterpart shortly after Wednesday 's vote . Mullen told Gen. Yasar Buyukanit , Turkey 's chief of staff , that the Pentagon is working hard to inform Congress of what the military implications might be if the Turks were to respond by cutting off U.S. access to the air base at Incirlik in Turkey . Seventy percent of U.S. air cargo bound for Iraq passes over or through Turkey . The Armenian government and Armenians around the world , including many Armenian-Americans , have been pressing for international support for their contention that Armenians were the victims of genocide at the hands of the Ottoman Turks . The Ottoman Empire disintegrated in 1923 , replaced by the modern republic of Turkey , where the Armenian issue remains sensitive . Turks reject the genocide label , insisting there was no organized campaign against the Armenians and that many Turks also died in the chaos and violence of the period . Though predominantly Muslim , Turkey , which borders both Europe and Iraq , is secular and pro-Western . In addition to its membership in NATO , Ankara is also seeking to become a member of the European Union . Speaking later on ABC 's "  This Week , " Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell denounced the House committee 's vote -- despite agreeing with the assertion that the killings amounted to genocide . "  I think it 's a really bad idea for the Congress to be condemning what happened 100 years ago , " the Kentucky Republican said Sunday . "  We all know it happened . There 's a genocide museum , actually , in Armenia to commemorate what happened . "  But I do n't think the Congress passing this resolution is a good idea at any point . But particularly not a good idea when Turkey is cooperating with us in many ways , which ensures greater safety for our soldiers . " Republican Sen. Lindsay Graham echoed those comments on CNN 's Late Edition . "  I 'm not worried about World War I. ... I 'm worried about what I think is World War III , a war against extremists , and Iraq is the central battle front and Turkey has been a very good ally , " Graham said Sunday . "  We 've had problems with Turkey , but the problem that Turkey has with the northern part of Iraq , if you think it is bad now , let the country fail . " Turkey has engaged in ongoing cross-border skirmishes with rebels from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , which launches raids from northern Iraq . The recent killings of Turkish soldiers brought the conflict to a boiling point , and Turkey 's parliament may consider a motion to approve cross-border incursions into northern Iraq as early as this week . Watch how the rebels are straining U.S.-Turkish relations " The United States and the EU have designated the PKK a terrorist organization . The U.S. State Department has urged Iraq to crack down on the PKK , though some Turkish officials have said Washington has failed to take decisive action . E-mail to a friend	Turkey 's top general warns that ties with U.S. will suffer if resolution passes White House says labeling deaths genocide would harm relations in region Pelosi says "  there has never been a good time " for this resolution Deportation of Armenians after WWI resulted in estimated 1.5 million deaths
London  CNN  -- Wednesday saw scandal at the Olympics as eight athletes were disqualified for trying not to win matches , joy as the U.S. continued its dominance in swimming and controversy as the chairman of the Games organizing committee declined to call Michael Phelps the greatest Olympian of all time . The disqualifications came in badminton , after two matches Tuesday night in which female athletes were accused of playing to lose so they could face easier opponents in future matches . A Chinese pair , two South Korean pairs and an Indonesian pair played so badly that they were booed by the crowd . The Chinese pair of Wang Xiaoli and Yu Yang is the world 's No. 1 women 's duo . The Badminton World Federation disqualified all four pairs , but the South Koreans and Indonesians are appealing . The Chinese Olympic delegation said that it "  fully respects " the decision to punish its two players and that it would carry out its own investigation . "  The actions of Yu Yang and Wang Xiaoli on the court have violated Olympic principles and the spirit of fair athletic competition , " it said in a statement . "  The Chinese Sports Delegation feels saddened . We resolutely oppose and severely criticize such actions . The Chinese Olympic Committee has always been against anyone or any team that violates sports spirit and ethics in any form . " The joy of obscure Olympic sports There was more joy for the United States in swimming as Nathan Adrian shocked the 100-meter freestyle field , beating world record holder James Magnussen for gold by .01 second . "  I kinda touched well and ` Oh , sweet , I 've won , ' " he said . "  Then there 's 10 to 15 seconds . Holy crap , this is the Olympics . I 've been watching this since I was a kid . " The Americans added yet another gold -- their eighth in swimming -- when the women 's 4x200-meter freestyle relay team rallied to beat Australia . "  I knew it was close , I saw it was neck-and-neck all race , " anchor Allison Schmitt said , "  and I just wanted to swim my own race like in the 200 meters last night . I just wanted to feed off that energy and bring home the gold . " Few cheaters caught , doping chief says There were two world bests at the London Aquatics Centre . Hungarian Daniel Gyurta swam the 200-meter breaststroke in 2:07.28 to win gold , and Rebecca Soni of the U.S. clocked 2:20.00 in the women 's 200-meter breaststroke qualifying . For the host nation , it was a golden day . Cyclist Bradley Wiggins , fresh off a win at the Tour de France , won gold in the men 's time trial , and countryman Chris Froome captured bronze . The victory makes Wiggins , a former track cyclist , the most decorated British Olympian , with seven medals . When asked by a BBC presenter to turn around and show his fans the gold medal , which made the big crowd roar , Wiggins joked , "  I know how the Beatles felt now . " An American Armstrong won the women 's race . Kristin , no relation to Lance , defended her Beijing Games title . After the race , she retired -- again . "  Today , my focus was ` this is it , ' " she said . "  I have to live with this result , and whatever I do today , I have to look back on . No matter what athlete you are , you 're only as good as your last performance . " Earlier in the day , rowers Helen Glover and Heather Stanning brought Great Britain its first gold medal of the 2012 Games . In the men 's artistic gymnastics individual all-around final , Japan 's Kohei Uchimura took the gold with an outstanding performance , while Team USA 's Danell Leyva rallied to take bronze . "  To win an Olympic medal is a dream come true , " Leyva said . Swimmer Michael Phelps became not only the most decorated American on Tuesday but the most decorated Olympian of all time . Many , including CNN partner Sports Illustrated , hailed Phelps on Wednesday as "  Simply the Greatest . " But Sebastian Coe , chairman of the London Olympic Games Organizing Committee , distinguished between "  most medals " and "  greatest . " "  You can say by medal tally , he is the most successful , but I 'm not sure if he 's the greatest . But he 's the most successful athlete ; that goes without saying , " said Coe , himself a multiple-gold-winning Olympic runner . At the same time , Coe paid tribute to the crowds who have flocked to watch the events , saying they have created an "  extraordinary atmosphere . " "  I have now visited 16 sports , and I have been absolutely blown away by the noise , the vibrancy , just the humor and excitement there , " he said , adding that Olympic Park was "  buzzing . " Paul Deighton , chief executive of London 2012 , said 3 million spectators had poured into Olympic venues over the past five days . 2012 Olympics : Live blog Uzbek gymnast Luiza Galiulina , who was suspended after a drug test on July 25 , was expelled from the Games after a test of a second sample also came back positive . A 28-year-old man was killed Wednesday when the bicycle he was riding collided with an Olympic media shuttle bus , officials said . The man died on the scene , a spokeswoman with the London Ambulance Service said . Metropolitan Police said a man in his mid-60s was arrested in suspicion of causing death by dangerous driving and is in custody . The organizing committee said : "  Our thoughts are with the cyclist 's family . " CNN 's Zayn Nabbi and Laura Smith-Spark in London , Steven Jiang in Beijing and Alexander Felton contributed to this report .	Americans win eighth gold medal in swimming Man killed when bicycle collides with Olympic bus Eight badminton players are disqualified for not trying to win Cyclist Bradley Wiggins takes gold , becoming Britain 's most decorated Olympian
Washington  CNN  -- A "  top-to-bottom " review by the General Services Administration , the federal agency that was found to have spent lavishly on an October 2010 conference in Las Vegas , has revealed that the agency also spent more than a quarter-million dollars for a one-day awards ceremony just outside Washington in May 2010 . The latest spending came to light Thursday when members of Congress were notified that the agency has opened an internal investigation into the roughly $ 268,000 spent for the 2010 event held not far from the Pentagon in northern Virginia . The agency 's preliminary review has determined that approximately $ 20,000 was spent on drumsticks given to the attendees of the award ceremony . A source inside the agency told CNN that a drum band was hired for the event and the drumsticks were given to allow attendees to play along with the band and make the activity interactive . Troubled federal agency paid for cooking classes , hosted holiday video contest "  I know , it 's ridiculous , " the source said , and acknowledged "  a lot of frustration " because the agency 's new leadership is dealing with events that happened under the previous administrator . The source also told CNN there are a lot of changes and reforms coming to the agency and that some are already in place , such as a freeze on bonuses and pay raises instituted by Acting Administrator Dan Tangherlini , who took over after the previous administrator resigned . In addition to $ 20,000 for drumsticks , the agency 's inspector general also informed Congress on Thursday that a preliminary review has found the spending included roughly $ 34,000 for the venue , including catering charges , room rental charges and AV charges ; roughly $ 7,700 for a reception at a second hotel for the same one-day awards ceremony ; and approximately $ 104,000 for logistical and management services provided by a outside vendor . In a statement provided to CNN , the General Services Administration said this type of spending "  is not tolerated . " "  This event took place in 2010 and has been in existence going back to 2002 , " the agency said . "  Today , under the new GSA leadership , this event and type of spending is not tolerated . As of April 2012 all spending for events , including training conferences , leadership events , team building exercises , award ceremonies , were suspended . These events indicate an already recognized pattern of misjudgment which spans several years and administrations . It must stop , and is why Acting Administrator Tangherlini has instituted several stringent new policies on spending to put an end to this misuse of taxpayer dollars . " Previously on CNN.com : Another GSA official placed on leave in spending controversy Thursday 's revelation is the latest spending embarrassment for the General Services Administration . Congressional committees are examining GSA spending after a scathing inspector general 's report issued earlier this year showed lavish spending -- $ 823,000 -- at the agency 's Western Regions Conference in Las Vegas in October 2010 . Jeff Neely , the GSA official who organized the conference , resigned , as well as the agency 's administrator , Martha Johnson . Two of Johnson 's deputies were fired and eight other employees left the agency . That 's when Tangherlini , a former Treasury Department official , took over . In addition to the Las Vegas conference , the GSA apparently spent $ 330,000 to relocate an employee from Denver to Hawaii -- and likely millions more dollars on other employees over two years -- according to a transcript of an interview with a GSA event planner . Also , 84 GSA employees , most of them supervisors or other senior staff -- all subjects of inspector general investigations -- are still collecting their bonuses , totaling more than $ 1 million in taxpayer money . The General Services Administration , which has more than 12,600 employees and a $ 26.3 billion budget , is tasked with helping manage and support government agencies . Previously on CNN.com : Senators encourage GSA to ` clean house ' Previously on CNN.com : Who 's on first ? Hearing shows GSA 's dysfunction CNN 's Brianna Keilar contributed to this report .	General Services Administration under fire for previous spending revelations Review says GSA spent thousands on 2010 awards ceremony Source : Bill includes $ 20,000 on drumsticks for interactive drumming experience Agency 's new management says such spending is now banned
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Secretary of Education Arne Duncan is expected to push for reforms in how teachers are taught when he speaks at Teachers College at Columbia University in New York on Thursday . Education Secretary Arne Duncan is expected to say colleges profit from education schools but reinvest little . According to advanced quotes released by the U.S. Department of Education , he will say that "  schools , colleges and departments of education are doing a mediocre job of preparing teachers for the realities of the 21st-century classroom . " He will call for a "  revolutionary " change in teacher preparation programs . Duncan estimates that about 200,000 new teachers will enter U.S. school systems annually . "  Schools of education have been renowned for being cash cows for universities , " Duncan will say , according to his released remarks . "  The large enrollment in education schools and their relatively low overhead have made them profit centers . " Duncan will say that universities divert the profits from education schools to other departments while doing little to invest in educational research and clinical training . Duncan has focused on teacher accountability since he took office in January . Under the criteria to receive stimulus money under the Department of Education 's Race to the Top program , states that link student achievement data to teacher evaluations will be rewarded . Several states , including California , have removed laws that made such links illegal .	Duncan to say colleges have done "  mediocre job " of preparing teachers Education secretary to speak Thursday at New York 's Columbia University Prepared remarks : Universities divert profits from education schools Colleges do little to invest in educational research , Duncan expected to say
EW.com  -- It 's remarkable how strong the Charlie Brown specials continue to perform in the ratings , year after year . "  A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving " is not the most popular entry in the beloved animated franchise  both "  A Charlie Brown Christmas " and It 's the "  Great Pumpkin , Charlie Brown " deliver bigger numbers  . Yet the program still managed to hold its own against CBS ' "  Survivor " and Fox 's "  The X-Factor "  in fact , the special edged out Factor in total viewers , see below  . Plus , "  A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving " delivered its biggest audience in four years  $ " 8.1 million viewers and a 2.2 rating in the adult demo , up 22 percent from last year . Pretty spry for a 39-year-old repeat , huh ? As for the rest of the programs last night , well ... only the most masochistic of TV showrunners and network executives even look at ratings during a holiday week  which is to say , pretty much all of them  . Everything slipped from last week , with CBS ' "  CSI " dropping the least  only 8 percent  and NBC 's "  Law & Order : SVU " falling the most  down 24 percent  . If you 're wondering what to watch today , check out our guide to all the Thanksgiving weekend TV marathons that networks have planned . EW Daily Poll : What will you do on Black Friday ? Here 's your full chart , repeats marked with an "  R " : RANK IN DEMO ADULTS 18-49 RATING TOTAL VIEWERS  +000 FOX 8-10P X-FACTOR # 4t 2.2 7,177 ABC 8-9P CHARLIE BROWN R # 4t 2.2 8,092 9:00 P MODERN FMLY R # 6 1.7 5,833 9:30 P SUBURGATRY R # 9t 1.1 3,828 10-11P PRIVATE PRCTC # 12 1.0 3,682 CBS 8-9P SURVIVOR # 2t 2.3 9,360 9-10P CRIMINAL # 1 2.7 11,470 10-11P CSI # 2t 2.3 10,668 NBC 8:00 P WHITNEY # 9t 1.1 3,937 8:30 P GUYS-KIDS # 9t 1.1 3,503 9-10P LAW&O : SVU # 8 1.3 5,194 10-11P CHICAGO FIRE # 7 1.4 5,431 See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  A Charlie Brown Thanksgiving " delivered 8.1 million viewers and a 2.2 rating in the adult demo The ratings were up 22 percent from last year Other regular programming slipped
Vancouver , British Columbia  CNN  -- The luge track on which a Georgian athlete died during an Olympic training run will reopen Saturday after officials found it had no deficiencies , the Vancouver Olympic committee and International Luge Federation said . Officials will , however , modify the track at the curve where the crash happened to prevent the possibility of another fatal accident , they said . The decision to reopen the track at the Whistler Sliding Center came after the British Columbia Coroners Service and the Royal Canadian Mounted Police concluded their on-scene investigations . The Coroners Service is responsible for investigating all sudden deaths . Technical officials from the International Luge Federation further investigated the accident before announcing the track would reopen . Georgian luge athlete Nodar Kumaritashvili , 21 , was on his final official training run when he had a "  serious crash " near the end of the 4,500-foot-long course Friday afternoon . As he came out of the course 's 16th and last turn , Kumaritashvili was thrown from his sled and struck a steel pole at the side of the track . Although he was given CPR at the scene and taken to a hospital , doctors were unable to revive him , the International Olympic Committee said . Kumaritashvili had been scheduled to compete in the men 's singles luge event , which begins Saturday . The track was closed after the accident . The Vancouver Olympic Committee and the luge federation , known by its French initials FIL , outlined their findings in a joint statement . "  It appears after a routine run , the athlete came late out of curve 15 and did not compensate properly to make correct entrance into curve 16 , " they said . "  This resulted in a late entrance into curve 16 and although the athlete worked to correct the problem he eventually lost control of the sled resulting in the tragic accident . The technical officials of the FIL were able to retrace the path of the athlete and concluded there was no indication that the accident was caused by deficiencies in the track . " The track will reopen after officials raise the walls at the exit of curve 16 and change the "  ice profile , " they said . "  This was done as a preventative measure , in order to avoid that such an extremely exceptional accident could occur again , " the statement said . The FIL said it will resume men 's training Saturday morning with two full training runs before competition takes place as scheduled at 5 p.m.  8 p.m. ET  . Luge is often called the "  fastest sport on ice . " Sliders use their legs and shoulders to steer small fiberglass sleds down an icy track , at times approaching or surpassing speeds of 90 mph , according to the Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics Web site . They are positioned on their backs with their feet straight out in front of them and their heads back to be as aerodynamic as possible . Sports Illustrated 's David Epstein , who is covering the Olympics for the magazine , told CNN 's "  Situation Room " that the Whistler course is the fastest in the world "  and not by a little . " He noted that while most luge courses "  flatten out " around the 11th turn , the Whistler track "  just keeps on dropping so there 's really kind of no break from gathering speed toward the end . " Epstein said some athletes had been complaining about the speed of the course and speculating that this Winter Games could be the first time the sport sees a competitor hit 100 mph .	Olympic track where luger died will reopen Saturday with changes to course Nodar Kumaritashvili of Georgia struck pole during practice crash Officials : "  No indication " accident was caused by deficiencies in track
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The grisly search for remains at the scene of a commercial plane crash in Pakistan continued Saturday , with officials doubting anyone on board survived . The plane , carrying 127 people , crashed Friday in Islamabad just before it was to land at a nearby airport , according to Pakistan 's Civil Aviation Authority , which cited poor weather as a possible factor . At least 120 bodies have been recovered from the scene , Interior Minister A Rehman Malik said . No survivors have been found . "  In the morning we will start to search by helicopters , " Malik said overnight , adding that officials could not bring in helicopters on Friday due to bad weather . The Bhoja Air Boeing 737-200 was en route from Karachi to Islamabad , where the weather was cloudy , officials said . Malik said family members in Karachi are being flown in to help identify the victims . Relatives and fingerprints have already helped identify the remains of 73 people taken to the Pakistan Institute of Medical Sciences , Dr. Wasim Khawaja said . Identifying all the bodies -- many of which lie in pieces -- will be challenging , Malik said . He said he hoped DNA technology will help in the process . From what he 's seen , "  I do n't see any survivor here -- all 127 people seem to be dead , " the interior minister said . The crash occurred near the Chaklala airbase , a military site used by the country 's air force , which is adjacent to the Benazir Bhutto International Airport in Islamabad . Debris and body parts were scattered across the crash site as workers sifted through the wreckage in the heavily populated residential area . Four villages were affected by the crash , and debris from the plane has been recovered within a kilometer of the site , Malik told reporters . More than a 150 bags filled with body parts have been transported to hospitals across the region , according to Farkhand Iqbal , a municipal official in Islamabad . World 's deadliest plane crashes Malik said he is ready to launch a security probe through the Federal Investigation Agency in case the Civil Aviation Authority 's investigation shows evidence of any security breaches . He also said Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari has ordered a "  high-powered investigation . " Head of Bhoja Air , Farooq Omar Bhoja , has been put on an exit control list , meaning he can leave the country without government clearance , he said . The flight data recorder , which is considered a key component in determining what may have caused the tragedy , was recovered , officials said Friday . The Bhoja airliner had been flying from the southern seaport city of Karachi and crashed just before touching down in the capital after its 3 1/2 - hour flight . Weather reports indicated that conditions in the area included thunderstorms and limited visibility . Authorities are examining what may have caused the crash and the potential for additional casualties at the site of the wreckage . Investigators are "  going to be looking at technology , " aviation security consultant Greg Feith said . "  What kind of radio equipment , what kind of ground proximity warning system the aircraft was equipped with , weather radar , things like that ... since the weather may be a factor in this accident . " Pakistani Prime Minister Yusuf Raza Gilani on Friday expressed "  deep shock and grief over the tragedy , " ordering his country 's Civil Aviation Authority "  to gear up all its resources for rescue operation , " state media reported . A separate inquiry into the incident has been launched by Pakistan 's Safety Investigation Board , and two crisis operation rooms have been set up at airports in both Islamabad and Karachi to provide information to the affected families . A Boeing spokeswoman said the American manufacturer "  stands ready to provide technical assistance to the Civil Aviation Authority of Pakistan . " The airliner was originally sold in 1985 , Julie O'Donnell said . Comair , a South African airline , said in a statement Saturday that it operated the plane under the British Airways brand from 1996 until late 2011 . "  The aircraft was retired due to it being too uneconomical for Comair to operate because of its small seat capacity and high fuel consumption , " said Comair spokeswoman Nicola Nel . "  It was sold to Jet Aviation in Dubai who leased it on to Bhoja Air at the end of 2011 . The aircraft was sold in a serviceable condition . " Responding to allegations that the aircraft was not in good condition to fly , Defense Secretary Nargis Sethi told a local television station that the government has initiated "  an immediate investigation . " "  Whether it was 10 , 8 years old , or not airworthy , is something that we ca n't confirm yet , " Sethi said . But Bhoja Air station manager Zahid Bangish told a Pakistani television station later Friday that the "  aircraft was new , not the old one and unairworthy . " The crash is reminiscent of one in 2010 , when 152 people were killed as a Pakistani passenger plane crashed on the outskirts of Islamabad . That plane was also was coming from Karachi when it crashed into a hillside while trying to land , officials said at the time . Four years earlier , another airliner crashed in central Pakistan , leaving 45 dead . The first known commercial passenger airplane crash occurred in Pakistan in 1953 when a Canadian Pacific DH-106 Comet crashed shortly after takeoff from Karachi . That crash killed 11 people on board . Journalist Wajahat S. Khan and CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Kathryn Tancos , Mari Ramos , Pierre Meilhan and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Comair said it operated the plane under the British Airways brand from 1996 until late 2011 Head of Bhoja Air ca n't leave Pakistan without government approval At least 73 of the bodies have been identified , a hospital representative says The cause of the crash is under investigation , but poor weather may have been a factor
CNN  -- A maverick Chinese artist has filled the main hall in London 's famous Tate Modern art gallery with 100 million sunflower seeds . Around 150 tons of seeds have been used to make an inches-thick carpet that visitors to the gallery will be encouraged to play in and crunch under foot . The enormous installation , which opens Tuesday , is the work of artist Ai Weiwei , known as China 's "  Andy Warhol . " The work is the 11th commission in the internationally acclaimed Unilever Series at the gallery , an annual series kicked off in 2000 by Louise Bourgeois 's spiders and mirrors . Ai 's seeds are porcelain , each one individually handcrafted by laborers in the Chinese city of Jingdezhen . Each tiny piece has been individually molded and hand-painted , according to the gallery . Sunflower seeds are a popular Chinese street snack and one of the country 's most famous exports , according to the gallery . But they hold greater significance for Ai , who spent his childhood in Xinjiang as the son of a celebrated poet exiled by the Chinese communist government during the Cultural Revolution . He told CNN : "  It was very poor and rural there , we had nothing else to enjoy . Sunflower seeds were something basic that everyone could have . Every holiday , wedding or even just going to the movies , we would all share sunflower seeds with one another . I think it 's a very common , very inconspicuous object , but it also has a special relationship to our daily lives ... Of course , during the cultural revolution we all knew that the Sun symbolized the leader , and sunflowers represented the people . So I think these seeds carry multiple meanings . " Ai is a well-known and controversial figure in China , probably best-known today for the design -- in collaboration with Herzog & de Meuron -- of Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " stadium , built for the 2008 Olympics . Shortly after , Ai -- who is one of China 's leading social activists and bloggers -- distanced himself from the Olympics calling for a boycott and saying the Chinese government was using them as propaganda . In the 1990s , Ai came to international attention when he helped establish the avant-garde East Village in Beijing where a group of artists took up residence in impoverished migrant workers housing on the city 's outskirts . It became a mecca for radical Chinese contemporary artists like Ma Liuming . Other notable large-scale artworks that have filled the Tate Modern 's Turbine Hall include Carsten Hollers ' slides which had visitors shouting with excitement as they slid down ; Olafur Eliasson 's giant projection of the sun in "  The Weather Project " and a huge crack in the floor courtesy of Doris Salcedo 's "  Shibboleth . "	Visitors encouraged to play on crunchy carpet of seeds Eleventh commission in acclaimed Unilever Series Ai famous for co-designing Beijing 's "  Bird 's Nest " stadium Also well-known blogger and outspoken critic of Chinese government
Washington  CNN  -- Dennis Ross , one of the president 's top advisers dealing with Middle East policy , announced Thursday he 's stepping down from his post , leaving prospects for the administration 's efforts to restart the peace process even more uncertain . He cited a promise he made to his wife to serve in the Obama administration for only two years . Ross , who has held key diplomatic positions during the administrations of George H.W. Bush and Bill Clinton as well as Barack Obama , issued a statement saying , "  It has been an honor to work in the Obama administration and to serve this president , particularly during a period of unprecedented change in the broader Middle East . " He added , "  Obviously , there is still work to do , but I promised my wife I would return to government for only two years and we both agreed it is time to act on my promise . "  I am grateful to President Obama for having given me the opportunity once again to work on a wide array of Middle Eastern issues and challenges and to support his efforts to promote peace in the region . " Ross 's formal title is special assistant to the president and senior director for the "  central region , " the key area that includes Israel , Afghanistan , Pakistan , the Persian Gulf , and South Asia . His influence is hard to understate , having been handed a portfolio that includes the United States ' most pressing national security interests and regions that have undergone significant turmoil over the past two years . Ross ' departure comes at a particularly difficult time for the Obama administration , which has at times clashed with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu over the Middle East peace process and is dealing with the unpredictable aftermath of the Arab Spring . The departure also follows that of the special envoy to the Middle East , George Mitchell , who left the administration in May , only days before Netanyahu visited the White House . During his daily briefing Thursday , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney called Ross a "  remarkable contributor to this administration . " "  He is ... very much a part and an architect of the sanctions regime and efforts to pressure and isolate Iran , and has been at the forefront of our deliberations about handling the Arab Spring , the remarkable events we have seen in the Middle East and North Africa this year , " Carney said . Asked how Ross ' departure would affect the administration 's efforts to forge a Middle East peace agreement , Carney said the White House will "  build on the good work he has done . "	Dennis Ross has held positions in two previous administrations as well He says he promised his wife he would serve only two years in the Obama White House Ross is the second top Middle East expert to leave the administration this year
CNN  -- A government audit on Navy security found that the Navy Yard and other installations may have increased security risks in an effort to reduce costs , a federal source told CNN . "  Navy installations command attempted to reduce access control costs , " according to a soon-to-be-released report from the Department of Defense Inspector General . The source read CNN portions of the report . "  As a result , at least 52 convicted felons received routine unauthorized installation access , placing military personnel at increased security risk . " The audit covered "  a variety " of military installations , of which Navy Yard was one , according to the federal source with access to the report . The source shared the information on the condition of anonymity because the report has not yet been officially released . In the wake of the shooting on Monday , Rep. Mike Turner , R-Ohio , a member of the Armed Services Committee , sent a letter to the Pentagon inspector general demanding he brief members of Congress on the Navy security audit . What is security like at the Navy Yard ? "  It is my understanding that the IG report indicates the Navy may have implemented an unproven system in order to cut costs , " read the letter , first obtained by CNN . "  I also learned that potentially numerous felons may have been able to gain restricted access to several military installations across the country due to insufficient background checks , increasing the risk to our military personnel and civilian employees . " According to a memo announcing the launch of the audit posted on the Department of Defense Inspector General website , the investigation began in September 2012 . "  Our objective is to determine whether the Navy Commercial Access Control System  NCACS  is mitigating access control risks to Navy installations . We will consider suggestions from management on additional or revised objectives , " the memo said . In August 2013 , the inspector general posted an update saying the report would be published "  within the next 30 days . "	Audit to be released on security at Navy Yard , other installations Problems uncovered include felons gaining access to installations , source says Monday 's shootings prompt congressman to ask about the audit
CNN  -- After a series of high-profile and embarrassing hacks , Twitter has rolled out a new , two-step login to help users prevent unwanted intrusions . The "  two-factor " verification system , which will be optional , asks users to register a phone number , e-mail account and six-digit code that would have to be entered , via text message , each time they log in to the site . "  Every day , a growing number of people log in to Twitter , " Jim O'Leary , of the site 's security team , said in a blog post . "  Usually these login attempts come from the genuine account owners , but we occasionally hear from people whose accounts have been compromised by email phishing schemes or a breach of password data elsewhere on the web . " The move comes in the wake of repeated hacks to prominent Twitter accounts in recent months . Last month , The Associated Press 's Twitter account was compromised by someone who falsely tweeted that there had been a bombing at the White House . It was the latest in a laundry list of media organizations hacked in recent months . Among them : The New York Times , Wall Street Journal , Washington Post , Bloomberg News , CBS , "  60 Minutes " and "  48 Hours . " In 2011 , Fox News saw its Twitter account compromised and used to send a fake message that President Obama had been assassinated . In February , Burger King and Jeep were similarly hacked . And earlier this year , Twitter itself was hacked . User names and e-mail addresses for about 250,000 users were exposed . In many cases , account hacking happens when the target has an easy-to-guess password , accesses the account via public Wi-Fi , or forgets to log out after using an account on a publicly shared computer . Accounts can obviously also be accessed when a user who has n't logged out loses his or her phone or has it stolen . But high-profile victims are often targeted by phishing , where hackers send deceptive e-mails that encourage victims to enter personal information . Privacy advocates have long called on Twitter to beef up its security . Many security experts applauded the move Thursday , at least partially . "  Right now Twitter 's 2FA  two-factor authentication  is more likely to be welcomed by individuals who own personal accounts , and small companies with a Twitter presence , than embraced by the high profile victims attacked by the  hacker group  Syrian Electronic Army in the past , " Graham Cluley , of Sophos Security , wrote on his blog . But he said it 's unlikely that many of the media outlets and other high-profile organizations that have been hardest hit will take advantage of the new tools . "  Sadly , I do n't think it 's going to help them at all , " he wrote . "  Media organizations who share breaking news via social media typically have many staff , around the globe , who share the same Twitter accounts . 2FA is n't going to help these companies , because they ca n't all access the same phone at the same time . " For those users , he recommends a system like Facebook , on which multiple users can access the same account , to varying degrees of authority , with their own unique accounts and passwords . Twitter 's O'Leary noted that the security upgrade is n't a cure-all . "  Of course , even with this new security option turned on , it 's still important for you to use a strong password and follow the rest of our advice for keeping your account secure , " he wrote .	Twitter has added a two-step login option to make users ' accounts more secure The move comes after multiple high-profile hacks The AP , Burger King , Jeep and The Wall Street Journal are among recent hacking victims Security pro says many of those targeted wo n't use the new tool
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Obsessed fans can be a downside of stardom . It 's why Whitney Houston 's character hired Kevin Costner to protect her in the 1992 movie "  The Bodyguard . " The real life Houston had the FBI helping to protect her more than two decades ago when a "  loner " in Vermont warned in 1988 that he "  might hurt someone with some crazy idea " if the singer did not acknowledge him . Then there was the man in Holland who claimed to be the "  President of Europe . " An FBI agent based in Brussels paid him a visit in 1999 to talk about the cassette recordings and letters "  of a threatening nature " that he sent to Houston . The FBI also investigated someone who demanded $ 250,000 or else they would reveal "  intimate details regarding Whitney Houston 's romantic relationships " just months after her marriage to singer Bobby Brown . None of these cases led to criminal charges , but the FBI posted online Monday the crazed fans letters and details of other investigations to protect Houston . Bobbi Kristina not happy with grandmother 's book Times have changed and fans are more likely to send tweets or post on Facebook than send letters , but these decades-old FBI files still reveal why they are called "  fanatics . " "  But because I have gotten that desperate and mad and would come up with ideas that that it scares me that I might come up with some crazy or stupid or really dumb idea that might be as bad as that or even worse than that , " a 28-year-old Vermont man wrote . "  I might hurt someone with some crazy idea and not realize how stupid an idea it is until after I have done it . That really scares me . " This is from a letter sent to an associate of Houston by a man pleading for some acknowledgement that the singer knew he existed . HIs first 66 letters to Houston and 10 to her family and friends were unanswered . "  I am desperate to get some sort of response , " he wrote . But this one got the attention of federal investigators . This man , whose named was blacked out from the documents , wrote that he fell in love with Houston in March 1986 -- the same month she released "  The Greatest Love of All . " "  When I first fell in love with Miss Whitney I tried to ignore what I felt toward her , " he said in one handwritten letter postmarked in Burlington , Vermont . "  After 5 months I had to do something and so I started writing letters . I have tried to stop writing the letters and to give up twice but after a few weeks I had to start writing again . I just have to keep trying . " Although the FBI initially characterized it as an extortion investigation , the man was only asking to know "  if Miss Whitney has ever even seen one of my letters . " "  Can you help me . Can you call me and talk to me or in some way way find out from Miss Whitney if she is getting my letters or not and let me know . " He described himself as "  sort of a loner " who liked children and small animals . "  Sometimes I will just sit and watch children playing or I will watch birds or squirrels as they hunt for food . " In his letters to Houston , he called her "  a beautiful lady and a beautiful person . " Remembering Whitney : An industry reflects "  I really and truly am in love with you . Please believe in life and love and trust in yourself , and in your friends and trust in god . Miss , Whitney , you are a special person and a wonderful gift . Please keep singing and helping people to be happy , but most of all , Miss Whitney , Please Keep Smiling . " He wrote that he had been to nine of her concerts "  and have tried to give her flowers twice at the concerts . Miss Whitney is the first lady that I have ever given flowers to . " "  I just ca n't stop thinking about you , " he wrote . "  Many times when I think of you I will start to shake . Please , Please give me a chance , " This fan 's stomach turned one day when he saw a tabloid headline suggesting Houston was secretly married , he wrote . "  I saw a headline for an article in one of those things in the supermarket saying that you were married allready . I am sure they made it up , but I allmost broke down right then and there and I have still been sick for the last several days . " But it was n't all love talk . The man , who the FBI said was a U.S. Army veteran , talked politics . In one letter he said he wanted to raise taxes on the rich , cut taxes for anyone who does ' t make enough money "  to live at an acceptable level " and give them free health care . He was also for a balanced federal budget . "  I believe that even if the rich people of this nation paid very high rates on their upper levels of income that they would still live better than over 99 % of the people on this planet , " he wrote to Houston . He worried his political views might keep her from loving him back . "  You might not think much of a guy who wants you to send most of your money to the federal government . I hope that you do not hold that against me but I will understand if you do . " After the 79th letter to Houston -- and 16 to her family , friends and business associates -- an FBI agent knocked on the door of his "  small , cluttered one-room apartment , " the FBI files said . He explained that he would never do physical harm to anyone , but his letter 's reference to doing something "  crazy or stupid or really dumb " meant the possibility that he would go on TV 's "  The Phil Donahue Show " to talk about his love for Houston . But , "  He believed this ` crazy idea ' would have hurt Houston 's reputation , so he decided not to follow through with it , " an FB agent wrote . Clive Davis : Party after Whitney Houston died ` no brainer ' The FBI concluded the fan had broken no laws and the case was closed . The Dutch fan investigated by the FBI also insisted he never intended to threatened Houston . The cassette recordings he sent were songs he 'd written for the singer . He told the agent he was the "  President of Europe " and had purchased Brazil for $ 66 billion . He also claimed credit for the fall of the former South African government and for the election of Nelson Mandela in South Africa . The man , who worked at a plant nursery in the Netherlands , promised not to send any more , the agent wrote . Another FBI investigation centered on Houston 's allegation that someone she knew was extorting her by threatening to "  reveal certain details of her private life " to tabloids unless she paid $ 250,000 in November 1992 . The unidentified person claimed to have "  knowledge of intimate details regarding Whitney Houston 's romantic relationships , " an FBI report said . Houston , in a December 1992 interview by the FBI , said she did n't know what the person might know , but the singer did talk about personal matters with the person , the heavily-redacted report said . A letter sent to Houston 's father by a lawyer for the person warned that they had "  already turned down several offers ... which are in the six figures range " for the story . "  Therefore , we would expect a similar offer from you with respect to the sale of ... exclusive rights . " Her client "  has suffered emotional stress " from her dealing with Houston and may sue , the lawyer said . "  The fall-out will undoubtedly be negative , " the lawyer warned Houston 's father . Instead of meeting a November 23 , 1992 , deadline to pay , Houston 's father called the FBI . The FBI and U.S. attorney decided no laws were broken and the case was closed . How Cissy Houston learned of Whitney 's death	"  I might hurt someone with some crazy idea , " a Houston fan warned "  Many times when I think of you I will start to shake , " the fan wrote to Houston The FBI concluded none of the fan letters were criminal The FBI also probed a threat to spill personal dirt on Houston to tabloids
In 2004 , Sen. John Kerry entered the campaign against incumbent President George W. Bush with a seemingly unassailable advantage on a sensitive issue -- the liberal Kerry served in the Vietnam War , and the conservative Bush did n't . Rather than avoid the topic , Bush supporters came up with the notorious "  Swift Boat " campaign that raised enough questions about Kerry 's war record to negate a major strength . Such "  attack the strength " tactics have been a staple of this year 's presidential race , with both sides trying to undermine perceived advantages of the other . The latest example is a new Web video that accuses President Barack Obama of engineering classified leaks and claiming undue credit on his signature foreign policy achievement : the raid that killed Osama bin Laden . The premise is simple : In a political environment where perception often trumps policy , mount early challenges to your opponent 's strongest attributes to raise questions and create an alternative image in the minds of voters . For example , the Obama campaign has attacked certain Republican nominee Mitt Romney 's successful business career , portraying the venture capitalist company he founded as a pioneer in outsourcing American jobs . The purpose was to blunt Romney 's persistent claim that his business background made him better qualified than Obama to manage the slow-recovering economy , the most important issue to voters . Meanwhile , Romney 's team is challenging Obama on the volatile issue of reforming Medicare , the popular health care program for senior citizens . By naming House Budget Chairman Paul Ryan as his running mate last week , Romney and his team knew the Obama campaign would attack Ryan 's proposal to partially privatize Medicare , so they have tried to turn the tables by accusing the president this week of cutting more than $ 700 billion out of the government-run system . Both of the attacks are misleading or untrue , according to independent assessments . Websites such as PolitiFact.com and Fact.Check.org ruled that outsourcing by Romney 's company , Bain Capital , occurred after he gave up daily management responsibilities in 1999 . On Medicare , the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office found that reforms to the program under Obama 's 2010 health care law resulted in hundreds of billions of dollars in savings , rather than spending cuts that reduced benefits , as alleged by the Romney campaign . PolitiFact rated the Romney campaign 's claim as "  mostly false . " To Republican strategist Ron Bonjean , the Romney camp 's maneuver on Medicare was "  a brilliant move . " "  They are going to be attacked on it anyway . They have ` jujitsued ' this , " Bonjean told CNN on Friday , adding : "  It 's a good idea to try to neutralize this issue right now , which I think they are being very effective at . " Outside groups supporting the candidates also are taking part . A video spot by Priorities USA Action , a super-PAC backing Obama , sought to link Romney to the death of the wife of a steel worker who lost his job at a plant closed down by Bain Capital . The ad , which has yet to be scheduled for broadcast , was rated "  false " by PolitiFact . Now , a little-known group of former special forces members called the Special Operations OPSEC Education Fund has released the 22-minute Web video that criticizes Obama on the bin Laden takedown . A spokeswoman says the group has raised about $ 1 million toward an advertising campaign in some key swing states , but refused to discuss donors . Over a picture of Obama , the video 's narrator says that the group 's mission is to stop politicians from using sensitive intelligence about the bin Laden raid and other clandestine programs for political benefit . The organization , which describes itself as nonpartisan , shares an office with two Republican political consulting firms in Alexandria , Virginia . Its spokesman , Chad Kolton , worked for the Bush administration as a spokesman for the Director of National Intelligence , and its president ran for Congress as a Republican . To Darrell West of the Brookings Institution , the video evokes memories of the Swift Boat campaign that mounted a barrage of negative attacks against Kerry 's war record . "  Obama 's strong suit actually is on national security , " said West , the vice president and director of governance studies at Brookings . "  He 's the guy who got bin Laden , and that 's been a central claim of his campaign . So there 's always a risk of the opposition coming in with this type of ad to try to undermine the president 's credibility and take away what is really his strong suit . " The president has regularly cited the killing of bin Laden as a campaign promise he fulfilled , and the head of special operations , Adm. William McRaven , recently told CNN that Obama deserved credit . "  Make no mistake about it : It was the president of the United States that shouldered the burden for this operation , that made the hard decisions , " McRaven said . Like other top officials , including Defense Secretary Leon Panetta and former Defense Secretary Robert Gates , McRaven also has been highly critical of recent leaks about clandestine operations . The White House has denied leaking classified information , and two federal prosecutors have been assigned to investigate recent leaks about the Stuxnet virus and drone strike operations . Republicans blame Obama for the leaks that occurred on his watch , and they call for an independent investigation . The "  attack the strength " tactic is nothing new , but gained prominence last decade when utilized by Republican strategist Karl Rove , who guided Bush 's two presidential campaigns "  Karl Rove did something that many other political operatives do n't do , and it 's really an element of why he 's a unique figure in American political life , " journalist Wayne Slater said in a PBS Frontline documentary titled "  Karl Rove : The Architect . " "  He understands that while other people look for the weakness in an opponent and exploit that , Rove has long looked at the strength of an opponent . " That was particularly true of the Swift Boat attacks on Kerry , said Slater , co-author of the book "  Bush 's Brain : How Karl Rove Made George W. Bush Presidential . " "  The No. 1 thing that John Kerry offered was his heroic service in Vietnam , " Slater said in the PBS documentary , "  and so what Rove did was attack the strength of Kerry , not his weakness . " Others clearly took notice . In attacking Romney 's background at Bain Capital , the Obama campaign is following the example of former House Speaker Newt Gingrich from the Republican primary campaign . Gingrich 's criticism that Romney 's business record included shutting down companies and outsourcing jobs got panned by many fellow Republicans . In response , Gingrich said his attacks were only the initial salvos of an all-out assault on the issue that Romney would face from the Obama campaign if he became the nominee .	A GOP strategist says the Romney campaign "  jujitsued " Obama on Medicare The tactic seeks to undermine the other guy 's strongest advantages Mitt Romney touts his business background , so President Obama attacks it Romney is vulnerable on Medicare reforms , so he criticizes Obama on the issue
CNN  -- A French hostage and two pirates died Friday in a rescue operation off Somalia , the French president 's office in Paris said Friday . Four hostages , including a child , were freed from the hijacked yacht after almost a week of captivity . Four hostages , including a child , were freed from the hijacked yacht after almost a week of captivity , Nicolas Sarkozy 's office said . The four adults and a child had been held aboard their yacht , the Tanit , since it was seized in the Gulf of Aden on Saturday , the president 's statement said . The military made its move after the pirates refused their offers , including one to swap an officer for the mother and child held aboard , and threatened to execute the hostages one-by-one -- and because the Tanit was drifting closer to the Somalian coast , the defense ministry said . The possibility that the pirates could take their hostages ashore was a red line that prompted the mission . The same red line triggered two successful rescue missions by the French military last year , the ministry said . According to French media reports , a special forces unit attacked the hijacked vessel from different directions in two motor-powered rubber boats . The pirates opened fire and the special forces team fired back . Two of the five pirates were killed , along with Florent Lemacon , the owner of the Tanit , French media said . The military rescued Lemacon 's wife and 3-year-old child along with two friends of the Lemacons . The Lemacons and their friends left Brittany last summer in the Tanit on a round-the-world trip , according to a blog they were keeping about the trip . The blog 's last post on March 20 -- when the Tanit was in the Gulf of Aden -- said the French military had twice contacted them in the previous few days to warn them of pirates . The French military brought back 12 pirates to stand trial in the previous two rescue missions , the Defense Ministry said . There has been a series of high-profile and increasingly sophisticated pirate attacks in recent months . View a map of Somali pirate activity " Also off Somalia this week , the cargo vessel Maersk Alabama was boarded by pirates , who briefly took control of the ship . Although the crew retook the ship , its captain , Richard Phillips , on Friday was still being held by the gang holed up in a lifeboat . The Maersk was hijacked about 350 miles off Somalia 's coast , a distance that used to be considered safe for ships navigating in the pirate-infested waters . International navies have increased patrols in the area but the region is so large the pirates can still operate . The U.S. military warned earlier this week that recent attacks have occurred hundreds of miles off the coast , suggesting that pirates are using "  mother ships " -- a practice of using bigger boats with longer range to launch smaller pirate ships against targets further out to sea . Last year , Somali pirates seized another French luxury yacht and the French military launched an operation that ended with them chasing the gang across the desert .	NEW : Military says mission prompted by fear pirates could take hostages ashore NEW : Owner Florent Lemacon , who was held hostage , dies in rescue ; four freed French military attack pirates holding yacht from different directions Two pirates also killed in rescue operation
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- An American 's cartoon showing the eagle in the Mexican flag dead in a pool of blood is drawing criticism . The sketch created by political cartoonist Daryl Cagle depicts the green , white , and red Mexican flag with a bullet-riddled eagle sprawled in the center of the emblem . Mexico 's coat of arms includes the eagle perched on a prickly pear cactus , devouring a snake . Cagle says he created the cartoon to depict the violence rampant in parts of Mexico . "  Editorial cartoonists look for readily recognizable metaphors and that 's an obvious one for Mexico , " says Cagle . More than 28,000 people have died in Mexico since President Felipe Caldern declared war on drug cartels after taking office in December 2006 . But the cartoon has offended many Mexicans who feel their national symbol is off limits , especially to foreign cartoonists . Many readers reacted angrily when the cartoon was displayed on the front page of newspapers . "  It is a shame that a patriotic symbol like our flag , which is so beautiful to me , can be mocked by a stupid cartoonist , " wrote a reader to the Mexico City newspaper El Universal . "  I think there are many other ways to graphically protest what 's happening in our country . " Ricardo Alday , a spokesman for the Mexican Embassy in Washington , said that "  as any democratic society , Mexico respects and defends freedom of speech and freedom of expression , in any way it 's manifested . Regarding the case of Mr. Cagle 's cartoon , we differ on the use he makes of the Mexican flag and the message it conveys . " Mexican cartoonist Paco Caldern reprinted Cagle 's cartoon on the Reforma newspaper , adding his own comment . "  I 'm not offended by the cartoon . I 'm offended by reality and the huarache-wearing Taliban members , " he said . Huarache is a type of a Mexican sandal and Caldern was using the reference to talk about members of the seven drug cartels terrorizing Mexico . Even President Felipe Caldern admits the situation in his country is dire . "  As we all know , we face unscrupulous criminals with enormous economic capacity and great firepower , " said the president in his fourth state-of-the-nation speech Thursday . "  I am fully aware that in the past year the problem of violence has risen . " Cagle admits he 's somewhat surprised by the reaction to his cartoon . "  This one has been a little unusual in that it has been splashed all over the press in Mexico and I 've been hearing quite a lot about it , " he says . Cagle , who is the editorial cartoonist for msnbc.com , says his work appears in 850 subscribing newspapers around the world . "  All I was looking to here is make a statement that the violent in Mexico is terrible and make it visually compelling . " In 2008 , Mexican pop sensation Paulina Rubio was fined more than $ 4,000 after posing nude wrapped in the flag for Cosmpolitan , a Spanish magazine .	Cartoon depicts eagle in Mexican flag dead in a pool of blood American Daryl Cagle created the controversial cartoon Many Mexicans think it is mocking their country , which is beset by violence
CNN  -- A view prevalent in Europe is that older workers should retire to make room for younger people . This view is often referred to as the "  lump of labor " theory , whereby the number of jobs is fixed and any job held by an older worker is one less available for a younger person . In Europe , this view has resulted in very early retirement ages under countries ' public pension systems . Fortunately , the lump of labor theory has never gained much traction in the United States , where economists and policymakers believe that the internal dynamics of a market economy will tend to create enough jobs to accommodate available workers . And , during periods of recession , monetary or fiscal policy can help return the economy to full employment . The most dramatic evidence of the economy 's ability to absorb new workers is the flow of women into the labor force both here and abroad in the last few decades . In the United States , between 1970 and 2000 , the number of women working increased by about 34 million , as the percentage of women employed moved from 40 percent to almost 60 percent of the female population . Click for the opposite view on retirement age Despite this enormous influx of women , the employment rate of men changed relatively little . Further , an international comparison shows no relationship between the increase in the female employment rate and change in the male employment rate . A similar relationship should apply to older and younger workers . A preliminary analysis across states shows no evidence that states with more older people in the labor force have fewer young people working . Thus , with proper policy , the U.S. labor market should be able to absorb young and old , as well as men and women . Rejecting the lump of labor theory , the United States has always had much later retirement ages than its European counterparts . This pattern has held down the cost of the U.S. public pension system . Going forward , longer work lives , both here and abroad , will be necessary in order to have affordable and secure retirements . People are living longer ; those retiring at 65 can expect to live for almost 20 years in retirement , on average . The probability of living longer than average is significant . A 65-year-old married couple has a 50 percent chance that one member will live to age 92 . Given the prospect of such a long retirement , people need a very large pile of retirement assets to support themselves . For most people , it is not possible to accumulate that much over their work lives as they raise and educate their families . The need to accumulate more retirement assets coincides with a contraction in our retirement income system , which consists of Social Security and publicly supported and regulated employer-sponsored plans . At any given retirement age , Social Security benefits will replace a smaller fraction of pre-retirement earnings as the full retirement age rises from 65 to 67 , higher deductions for Medicare premiums further reduce benefits and an increasing share of benefits will be subject to taxation under the personal income tax . At the same time , less than half the private sector work force is covered by any type of employer-provided plan at any moment in time . And those lucky enough to have coverage have seen defined benefit plans replaced by 401  k  s , where balances for those approaching retirement average only about $ 60,000 . The answer to longer life expectancy and a contracting retirement system is for people to stay in the work force longer . This adjustment should be entirely feasible given that older people are healthier and better educated than they have been in the past and jobs are less physically demanding . A longer work life provides enormous financial benefits . A person retiring at 70 receives a Social Security monthly benefit 75 percent greater than someone retiring at 62 . Delaying retirement also allows time for 401  k  balances to grow . And working longer sharply reduces the period over which people have to support themselves with accumulated retirement assets . Work also keeps people mentally and physically healthy by providing structure , social interaction and a sense of accomplishment . In normal times , extending the work lives of older Americans should have no effect on the ability of younger workers to find a job . The United States is a dynamic economy , which -- on its own and through appropriate policy decisions -- can accommodate all those looking for employment . Of course , these are not normal times , and the fact that older workers have been so much more successful during this recession at holding on to their jobs than younger workers has allowed the "  lump of labor " theory to surface as a plausible model . But no evidence exists to support such a theory . And in the long run , both young and old will be better off if work lives are extended . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alicia H. Munnell .	Alicia Munnell : "  Lump of labor " theory says older workers must retire to make way for young But economy creates jobs for young workers without older ones retiring early , she writes Munnell says the huge increase in women working shows economy absorbs new workers People are living longer , she says , and retiring later increases well-being and financial benefits
London  CNN  -- Passengers struggling to get away for the holiday season faced further frustration and delays Tuesday , as the EU 's top travel official slammed snow disruptions across the region as "  unacceptable . " Heavy snow caused severe disruption to train and plane schedules in a number of major cities days before Christmas , forcing thousands of people to sleep in terminals while they waited for information on their onward journey . "  I am extremely concerned about the level of disruption to travel across Europe caused by severe snow . It is unacceptable and should not happen again , " European Commission Vice President Siim Kallas said in a written statement . He took issue with airport infrastructure which he said was the "  weak link " in the chain , and urged airports to "  get serious " about planning for severe weather conditions . Have you been affected ? Send photos , video Thousands of passengers endured another frustrating day at London 's Heathrow Airport Tuesday as airlines struggled to clear the backlog of passengers after two days of cancellations . Only one of the airport 's two runways was operating , following cancellations during the previous two days due to heavy snow . Kylie Deegennars said she had been sleeping on the terminal floor since arriving at Heathrow late on Saturday . "  We got told on that evening that if we wanted until 6 a.m. the next morning we 'd get more information . We did not get a blanket or a bottle of water until 1.30 a.m. in the morning , " she said . Conditions had n't improved since then and Monday night she was still waiting for confirmation of a flight . "  We 're younger , we 've got resistance , but there are babies , there are elderly people , and they 're getting no extra treatment than anyone else . It 's disgusting , " she said . On Tuesday afternoon , British Airways announced that it was considering transporting passengers stranded at Heathrow by bus to other UK airports . Terminal five , it said , had been closed as staff worked to clear the backlog of people crowding the main concourse . London Heathrow is to remain open for the next 24 hours , British Airways said , adding that it was considering bringing planes back overnight to clear the load . The airline said London 's Gatwick terminal was "  congested but not unmanageable . " Colleagues Sharon and Cathy were trying to get back to Phoenix , Arizona after suffering a two-day delay to their flights from Munich , Germany . They have been stranded at Heathrow airport since Monday . "  We really felt that we were flying into the eye of the storm and it did n't make much sense to do that , but here we are . We 've been told our best chance of getting out is on December 27 , " Sharon said . The colleagues say they are "  lucky " to be put up in a hotel by their company , and expressed sympathy for others stranded in the airport with little or no information , accommodation or money . "  It looks like a refugee camp . People have been staying there for days . There were guards at the doors of Terminal one not allowing other people to come in . We were a little concerned about leaving the terminal that we might not be able to get back in , " Sharon said . The British government has come under fire for failing to heed warnings about the incoming inclement weather . Defending the government , UK Transport Secretary Philip Hammond said , "  Nobody foresaw the really extreme temperatures that we 've had . " He laid the blame for chaos at Heathrow Airport firmly at the door of airport operator BAA who he said made a "  bad call " on Saturday when the snow first started to present problems . "  This is as a result of extreme weather conditions and also to be frank of a bad call on Saturday by the airport operator who was , as it turned out , over-optimistic about their ability to leave the airport open , " he said . The government had offered military manpower to help clear runways which had been rejected , Hammond said . He added that the government was working with authorities to ensure the smooth supply of de-icing equipment and other materials to keep the airport operating . British transport expert David Quarmby , author of an independent audit on the resilience of England 's transport system , said that the country could not be expected to be able to cope as well as other cities that regularly experience heavy snowfall . "  We had a severe winter last winter and a bit of a winter the year before . But for eight years before that we hardly saw any snow at all , " he said . "  It 's very difficult to justify investing in the resources that you find in airports and rail systems and highways in countries elsewhere which always have winters that are as severe as the one that we 've got at the moment . " The travel disruption was not limited to airports . Long queues snaked around St. Pancras International railway station in London Tuesday as Eurostar canceled 10 trains , or about 20 percent its normal service between London and Paris . "  Due to the continuing bad weather , speed restrictions are in place on our high speed lines , adding up to two hours to journey times . As a result we can not operate as many trains as planned , " said Eurostar spokeswoman Mary Walsh . Passengers ignored advice to turn up at the station one hour before departure . Some queued for as long as four hours in the London drizzle before stepping foot inside the terminal . During the wait , they were offered pizza , curry , coffee and tea , according to CNN 's Jim Boulden . Earlier , hundreds of passengers camped at Paris train stations , including Eurostar 's Paris terminal , Monday night while they waited news of the next train , French transport minister Nathalie Kosciusko-Morizet told French radio Tuesday . Around 3,000 passengers on cancelled flights slept on the floor at Paris ' Charles de Gaulle airport , while another 400 spent the night at Orly airport , she said . Pierre-Henri Gourgeon , CEO of Air France KLM said efforts had been made to find stranded passengers a hotel room . "  We found 4,000 , but we could n't find anymore , " Gourgeon told French radio . A message on the Paris airports website said air traffic was "  slowly resuming " after severe snow disruptions . Passengers were advised to check whether their flights had been cancelled before traveling to the airport . Heavy snowfall halted all plane travel at Frankfurt airport in Germany for a short time Tuesday , said Thomas Uber , an airport spokesman . By mid-morning in Europe , the number of canceled flights had risen to 464 , mostly due to backlogs and disruptions at other airports , an official said . About 50 flights had been canceled at Munich airport , also due to disruptions elsewhere . German Transport Minster Peter Ramsauer has asked German state authorities to allow night flights on a case-by-case basis to ease travel chaos at airports . Major German airports have restrictions on night flights usually from 11 p.m. to 6 a.m. and only allow night flights on a very limited basis or in cases of emergencies . On Tuesday afternoon Belgian authorities had started putting passengers whose flights had been diverted from Heathrow Airport to Brussels on coaches and boats to London . In a statement posted on its website , the airport advised passengers bound for Frankfurt on Lufthansa flights to make their way independently by train or car . European Commission Vice President Siim Kallas said he would convene a meeting of European airport representatives in coming days to demand an explanation and assurances that they can handle future snow disruptions . "  We have seen in recent years that snow in Western Europe is not such an exceptional circumstance . Better preparedness , in line with what is done in Northern Europe is not an optional extra , it must be planned for and with the necessary investment , particularly on the side of the airports , " he said . The UK 's Met Office says it is not expecting further snow in London Wednesday and that Heathrow and Gatwick airports "  should remain dry . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro , Fred Pleitgen , Phil Han and Jim Boulden contributed to this report .	NEW : BA considering transporting passengers by bus from Heathrow to other airports UK Transport Secretary lays blame for Heathrow chaos on "  over-optimistic " operator European Commission vice president slams disruption as "  unacceptable " Thousands of passengers waiting for flights in Europe airports , rail stations
CNN  -- All but one of the dogs seized in the Michael Vick dog fighting case will be placed with families or put in a "  sanctuary , " where they will interact with people to overcome their fear and lack of socialization , according to court order filed Monday . Michael Vick pleaded guilty in August to conspiracy charges related to dog fighting . One of the 49 seized dogs "  has a history biting humans " and will be euthanized , according to a motion filed in Virginia in U.S. District Court . U.S. Attorney Chuck Rosenberg said the dog -- identified as number 2621 -- "  exhibited intense aggression to humans to the point where the evaluation could not safely be completed . " The recommendation came more than a month after the court ordered the dogs evaluated by U.S. Department of Agriculture contractors . Last month a team of animal behavior experts selected by the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals analyzed the dogs , and then recommended whether they were best suited with families , trained as police dogs , placed in a sanctuary or euthanized . Federal authorities anticipate recommending a guardian be appointed to oversee the placement of the other dogs . Vick pleaded guilty in August to federal conspiracy charges related to dog fighting on his property in Surry County , Virginia . He is to be sentenced on the federal charges on December 10 . Last month , a federal judge tightened restrictions on Vick after he tested positive for marijuana use . The suspended Atlanta Falcons player must submit to any method of drug testing required by the pretrial services officer or the supervising officer . He must participate in substance abuse therapy and mental health counseling if the pretrial services officer or supervising officer orders that . Vick was also ordered to stay home between 10 p.m. and 6 a.m. . He is to be electronically monitored during that time . Vick also faces state charges related to dog fighting . He will be arraigned on state charges on October 3 in a Virginia court . E-mail to a friend	Only one of the 49 dogs seized will be euthanized That dog had a habit of biting people , the court document states Vick pleaded guilty to federal charges related to dog fighting , in August Vick will be arraigned on state charges on October 3 in a Virginia court
CNN  -- Say "  urban poor , " and the image that most likely comes to mind is one of young black men caught up in a swirl of drugs and violence and irresponsible single women having babies . But this pervasive stereotype overlooks a surprising reality : Many whites live side by side African-Americans in some of the country 's poorest urban neighborhoods . Because white poverty is less expected , less recognized and less studied , we often exclude poor whites from our discussions . That masks a fundamental truth about economic inequality : Poverty is colorblind . But neither is it the same for everyone , as the white poor benefit from a lifetime of the hidden perks of white privilege . As our nation continues down the road of economic recovery , this is a reality our local and national policymakers can not afford to ignore as they seek to address employment and income inequality . We traced the experience of nearly 800 children in Baltimore for more than 25 years , from the time they entered first grade in the fall of 1982 in 20 Baltimore public schools to well into their third decade . Half their families were low income , according to school records , and the typical low-income parent had n't finished high school . What might be surprising is that of that half , 40 % are white . Looking at where these children started in life and where they ended up , the study results are troubling but clear : At 28 , hardly any of the children from a disadvantaged background , black or white , had finished college . But even without the benefit of a college degree , whites , and white men especially , had vastly better employment outcomes . At every age , the white men experienced shorter spells of unemployment , were more likely to be working full-time and earned more . Baltimore , like so many other American cities , suffered immensely under the ravages associated with de-industrialization : the loss of industry , population and wealth . Under such circumstances , many of the city 's disadvantaged youths stumbled along the way . But the consequences have been especially dire for African-Americans . As young adults , African-American men had fared much worse than whites in the job market , even though they and their white counterparts had about the same levels of education and the whites reported higher rates of marijuana and heavy drug use and binge drinking . Take , for example , the types of jobs the men in our study held . At 28 , nearly half of the white men who had not attended college were employed in the industrial and construction trades , the highest-paying sector of blue-collar employment . By contrast , only 15 % of African-American men worked in these sectors , and even within that small group , annual earnings were less than half that of whites -- $ 21,500 versus $ 43,000 . This disparity is no accident . It fits a broader pattern evident as far back as high school : About one-fifth of white men who grew up in disadvantaged families had after-school and summer jobs in these industries -- important experience that can help secure a full-time job -- while not a single African-American person did . Indeed , throughout the course of our study , it was clear that African - Americans face greater barriers to employment . Having an arrest record or failing to complete high school were less consequential for white men than for African-American men : 84 % of whites without a high school degree were employed at 22 ; among African Americans , just 40 % were . Racial inequality also is embedded in hidden ways in other spheres of life , including discrimination in housing and banking practices that have kept white and black Baltimore substantially separate and cut off working class African-Americans from potentially valuable social contacts . Why do differences in employment track so sharply with color lines ? The race-based privilege that benefits working-class whites over working-class African-Americans has its origins in the discriminatory practices that excluded African-Americans from the skilled trades during Baltimore 's booming World War II and post-war industrial economy . Although overt racial discrimination has lessened since then , the deep structural inequalities these barriers helped establish continue today through word-of-mouth hiring , employer attitudes that limit opportunities for African-Americans and segregated social networks . The differences in how these young people found jobs illustrate the invisible ways race-based privilege is institutionalized in the job market . When asked at age 22 how they found their current jobs , whites more often mentioned help from family and friends , while more African-Americans found jobs "  on their own . " The white job seekers in our study had family , friends and neighbors who could help them access good-quality , higher-paying jobs . And what of those women having babies ? Most of the women of disadvantaged background , white and African-American , became mothers as teenagers , worked sporadically and when working , their employment was concentrated in the low-pay clerical and service sectors . The difference , though , is that many more white women were married or in a stable co-habiting relationship . An additional earner in the household makes a vast difference in economic well-being , which means that white men 's workplace advantages benefit white women as well . As Americans , we like to think that we are all on a level playing field . Our society treasures rags-to-riches stories of individuals overcoming their humble origins to achieve the American Dream . But , the harsh reality we witnessed in Baltimore is that race and class place severe limitations on a child 's ability to achieve that dream . Too often , our policymakers focus on colorblind solutions , such as the Earned Income Tax Credit , to help the urban poor . Such programs only help those who already have jobs and fail to address chronic unemployment among African-Americans . Amid the growing national conversation on economic inequality , now is the time for our leaders to recognize that race matters and develop creative programs , such as President Barack Obama 's "  My Brother 's Keeper " initiative , to address the different challenges facing poor African-Americans . Tracking the lives of Baltimore children for 25 years , we witnessed all too clearly how family conditions and poverty early in life cast a shadow that follows children into adulthood and how that shadow extends much further if you are African-American . Only by facing this reality head on with proactive programs and policies can we offer young African-Americans a fair shot at achieving the American dream .	Authors : "  Urban poor " is not just black men , single moms ; many whites fit the category For 25 years , authors studied poor children through their adulthood in Baltimore Authors : Hardly any poor children , black or white , went on to finish college They say white privilege won out as they got more and better-paying jobs
CNN  -- Australian cricketer Phil Hughes is fighting for his life in hospital , a day after he was felled by a sickening blow from a ball during a televised match in Sydney . The 25-year-old batsman , who was playing for South Australia against New South Wales at the Sydney Cricket Ground  SCG  Tuesday , collapsed after being struck by a "  bouncer " from bowler Sean Abbott . After receiving treatment on the pitch , he was rushed to the city 's St Vincent 's Hospital , where he underwent neurosurgery . "  Phil remains in a critical condition in intensive care . He 's in the hands of some of the best specialists available for this type of injury so we 'll just wait and see , " hospital spokesman David Faktor told CNN Wednesday . The "  bouncer , " a delivery pitched short so it bounces up at the batsman 's upper body , is a common tactic for bowlers to use in cricket . Nick Compton : Facing fear in cricket 's fast lane Head protection But despite the accident to Hughes , who has played 26 Test matches for Australia , former England batsman Nick Compton said he does not think cricket has a problem with head protection . "  It 's awkward , it 's part of the game . For the bowler , it 's not his fault . It 's one of those freak accidents , " said the 31 year old , who played with Hughes at English county Middlesex in 2009 . "  On another day , you do exactly the same thing and it glances off your helmet , you get a bit of a bruise , you feel a bit ` ugh ' and that 's about it . Every batsman has been hit at some point , some worse than others . It 's worrying . "  It 's the unpredictability of sport , that 's what makes it what it is . It 's a tough one to get right . If you want an absolutely risk-free occupation , do n't play sport . "  The helmets these days are very well made . It 's hit him in an absolute freak place . " He added that the hot , dry conditions of an Australian summer create hard pitches , which suit fast bowlers . But Australian sports commentator Peter FitzSimons said the sport should look again at the welfare of its players even if it was a "  freak accident . " "  The cricket world should be looking for the helmet to cover the side and back of the neck -- even the ears , " he told CNN Wednesday . "  This could be uncomfortable for the cricketers but it should be considered . If you have to choose between discomfort and risking death , many will choose discomfort . " Meanwhile , messages of support poured in from across the sporting world and beyond . "  All thoughts are with Phil Hughes and his family , " tweeted former England all-rounder Ian Botham . Former Australian spin bowler Shane Warne tweeted : "  Thinking of you Phil , hope you 're hanging tough buddy . The #CricketFamily are sending prayers & our best wishes buddy . " West Indies cricket legend Viv Richards also took to Twitter to post : "  My thoughts and support are with the family of Phil Hughes . Hoping the fight he has within will pull him through this very quickly . " And Australian international footballer Tim Cahill tweeted : "  My Support and thoughts go out to Phil Hughes and his family . The whole of Australia are behind you mate . #AussieSpirit . " CNN 's Bex Wright contributed to this report .	Australian cricketer Phil Hughes was struck by a ball during a match in Sydney 25-year-old 's condition remains critical following emergency surgery Hughes was playing for South Australia against New South Wales at the time
CNN  -- Fernando Torres finally ended his goal drought on Saturday as second-placed Chelsea won to boost the club 's hopes of retaining the English Premier League title . The Spain World Cup winner had gone 13 matches without scoring since his $ 80 million move from Liverpool at the end of January , but netted the London team 's second after coming on as a substitute in the 3-0 victory over bottom side West Ham . On top of that Chelsea streak , he had also failed to score in his last match for Liverpool and an international for his country in March . The striker was mobbed on the sodden pitch by his relieved teammates , including Didier Drogba -- who lost his regular starting place after the 27-year-old 's arrival in a record fee between British clubs . "  I kept working and it 's thanks to all my teammates that I scored . There 's less pressure for me now , now I can enjoy it , " Torres said . "  The fans have been very patient with me . I had more and more anxiety for them than for me . Hopefully this is the first of many . " The victory helped Chelsea reign in leaders Manchester United , who had moved nine points clear with a 1-0 win over Everton in the opening game of the day . United know that victory in their next two Premier League fixtures against third-placed Arsenal on May 1 and Chelsea on May 8 should clinch a record 19th title . Those games come either side of the Champions League semifinal ties with Schalke , the first being in Germany on Tuesday . Arsenal can also close to within six points again by beating Bolton on Sunday , after which the top three teams will all have four matches left . Chelsea 's European involvement was ended by United in the quarterfinals , and since then Torres has been relegated to the bench by coach Carlo Ancelotti while Drogba has helped reignite the club 's championship hopes . In a match played in pouring rain after Britain 's recent spell of fine weather broke , man of the match Drogba was instrumental in setting up Chelsea 's opening goal a minute before halftime . The Ivory Coast forward 's neat pass helped fullback Ashley Cole burst down the left and cut back a perfect cross for his England teammate Frank Lampard to lash into the net . With conditions making defending difficult , both teams squandered chances before Chelsea defender David Luiz crashed an effort off the crossbar . Torres replaced Drogba in the 76th minute , and he ended his miserable run eight minutes later with a composed left-foot shot after pivoting when the ball got stuck in a puddle . France winger Florent Malouda settled the match in the third minute of time added on with his 13th league goal this season . The result left Mexico striker Javier Hernandez edged Manchester United closer to a record 19th English top-flight title on Saturday with a late winning goal against Everton . It was the 22-year-old Hernandez 's 12th league goal this season and United 's 100th in all competitions , but the first the Old Trafford outfit had scored since the 2-1 European Champions League quarterfinal second-leg win against Chelsea on April 12 . United and Beckham top Forbes ' football rich list United made five changes from the team which suffered a 3-0 FA Cup semifinal defeat against local rivals Manchester City last weekend , while England defender Rio Ferdinand played in a league game for the first time since February 1 after missing Tuesday 's 0-0 draw with Newcastle . Hernandez had the game 's first chance when his snapshot from 12 yards forced a smart save from Everton goalkeeper Tim Howard after neat play from Antonio Valencia and Wayne Rooney . David Moyes ' visiting side appealed for a penalty on 34 minutes when Jonathan Evans tussled with Toffees striker Jermaine Beckford , but referee Peter Walton waved played on . Hernandez , also known as "  Chicarito , " was heavily involved but he prevented United taking the lead in the 37th minute when he inadvertently blocked Nani 's goal-bound shot . Everton rarely threatened , but came close to going ahead when veteran United goalkeeper Edwin Van der Sar produced a fine finger-tip save from Jack Rodwell 's low drive on 68 minutes . The breakthrough arrived with six minutes of regulation time left when Brazilian midfielder Anderson slipped a pass through for Valencia , whose deflected cross was headed home by Hernandez at the far post . Tottenham Hotspur failed to climb above fourth-placed City and into the final Champions League position , being held to a 2-2 draw at home by West Bromwich Albion . Peter Odemwingie 's 13th goal of the season put Roy Hogson 's side ahead after only five minutes before Russia striker Roman Pavlyuchenko netted an equalizer with a driven shot from the edge of the penalty area . Spurs took the lead with England 's Jermain Defoe 's 100th Premier League goal just past the hour mark , but Simon Cox secured a point for West Brom with nine minutes left after his sublime curling shot from the corner of the box beat goalkeeper Heurelho Gomes . Harry Redknapp 's Spurs stayed in fifth position , one point behind City -- who travel to struggling Blackburn on Monday . A hat-trick from Maxi Rodriguez helped sixth-placed Liverpool to a comprehensive 5-0 victory over League Cup winners Birmingham City . Kenny Dalglish 's Reds dominated throughout and went ahead in the sixth minute , when Rodriguez converted after visiting goalkeeper Ben Foster had failed to keep hold of Jay Spearing 's shot . Dutch forward Dirk Kuyt also scored a rebound to make it 2-0 , before Rodriguez grabbed a second with a close-range volley . The 30-year-old completed his treble with a well-struck left-footed shot , before former Chelsea midfielder Joe Cole completed the scoring with his first EPL goal for the club in the closing moments as Liverpool closed to within three points of Spurs , having played one more match . Sunderland moved back into the top-10 after recording a first three-point haul since January 22 with a 4-2 defeat of strugglers Wigan Athletic . Wigan went ahead through Mohamed Diame at the beginning of the second half , but Steve Bruce 's team came roaring back through goals from Ghana striker Asamoah Gyan and young England midfielder Jordan Henderson . A Stephane Sessegnon penalty made it 3-1 before Henderson doubled his personally tally after 76 minutes . Substitute Franco Di Santo scored a consolation goal in the 90th minute for Wigan , who stayed inside the relegation zone in 18th place on goal difference below . Blackpool could not capitalize on Wigan 's defeat , being held to a 1-1 draw by visiting Newcastle United . Ian Holloway 's Seasiders went behind when Peter Lovenkrands pounced on a mistake by Blackpool captain Charlie Adam after 17 minutes . D.J. Campbell rescued a point for Blackpool with his 11th top-flight goal of the season after 32 minutes . Wolverhampton Wanderers moved off the bottom after a 1-1 draw in the home fixture with Mark Hughes ' Fulham left the club a point above West Ham and one behind Wigan . Steven Fletcher 's 22nd-minute header put the hosts in front , before former England striker Andrew Johnson restored parity for Fulham within one minute of coming off the bench . FA Cup semifinalists Stoke City ended a run of seven-consecutive away defeats with a 1-1 draw against Aston Villa . No heart surgery for hospitalized Houllier The home team were under the guidance of assistant coach Gary McAllister , with manager Gerard Houllier still recovering in hospital after being taken ill on Thursday . Tony Pulis ' Stoke took the lead when striker Kenwyne Jones flicked a trademark Rory Delap long throw beyond Villa goalkeeper Brad Friedel . But Villa , who had won their two previous matches , responded when England striker Darren Bent headed his seventh goal in 11 games since a January transfer from Sunderland .	Misfiring record signing Fernando Torres scores in Chelsea 's 3-0 win over West Ham Spanish striker comes off bench to net the second goal , his first in 14 games Win puts defending champions six points behind leaders Manchester United Javier Hernandez 's late goal earns United a 1-0 win over Everton
CNN  -- The United States and Israel are on the same side when it comes to Iran , but you might not know it watching the bitter public disagreement that has broken out between the two allies over negotiations with the Islamic Republic . Is this a way for friends to handle their differences ? The talks with Iran present enormous challenges for Washington . One of those challenges is to move through the process without damaging existing alliances or weakening America 's already diminished standing in the Middle East . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has warned that he thinks the U.S. is falling into an Iranian trap . The White House says it is moving cautiously in the interest of peace and security . The disagreement is tearing at the alliance . Both Israel and the U.S. should find a different way to make their cases . They have moved perilously close to impugning each other 's character instead of debating the merits of their positions . Netanyahu strongly objects to the proposal that would ease sanctions in exchange for a slowdown of Iran 's nuclear program during negotiations for a permanent agreement . He is used to wielding sharp words . His tone has suggested U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State John Kerry are being played for fools . When talks broke off a few weeks ago , Netanyahu sarcastically called the agreement that was almost reached between Iran and the so-called P5 +1 , the U.N. Security Council permanent members plus Germany , "  the deal of the century " -- for Iran . France , too , another U.S. ally , called the proposal "  a sucker 's deal . " But it 's not just critics of the Obama administration position who have come perilously close to insulting those with whom they disagree . White House spokesman Jay Carney responded to criticism and to calls for new sanctions by saying "  the American people do not want a march to war , " as if those who do n't like this agreement actually want a war . The notion that Netanyahu , that Israelis , want war with Iran is patently absurd . Some may think a war is unavoidable , but everyone in Israeli knows war with Iran would bring unspeakable suffering . In Israel , the issue is personal for every family that lives within rocket range of Iran -- every family . Many Israelis dislike Netanyahu 's style , but they share his concern . Today , only 31 % of Israelis think Israel can rely on the U.S. on talks with Iran . What Israel wants is a strong deal , one that truly prevents Iran from having the ability to quickly build a nuclear weapon when it chooses . That , incidentally , is what America 's Arab friends also want , creating an unlikely alignment of interests between Israelis and Arabs . Instead of "  dissing " each other and engaging in acrimonious debate that brings satisfaction to their enemies , Israel and the U.S. should concentrate on the substance of their disagreement . Both Israel and the U.S. -- not to mention France , Saudi Arabia , the United Arab Emirates , and others -- want to bring an end to what they believe is Iran 's nuclear weapons program . Iran says it only wants nuclear power , but even U.N. weapons inspectors say there are indications of a military aspect to Iran 's nuclear program . Israel and the U.S. , of course , have different perspectives . They differ on tactics , strategy , and to some degree on goals . The U.S. is physically distant from Iran and it has a stronger military . Israel wants Iran to end all nuclear enrichment . The U.S. is apparently willing to allow some enrichment and stockpiles . America sees Iran and its nuclear program as a challenge to global stability , to the regional balance of power , to nuclear nonproliferation . Israelis believe Iran aims to destroy their country . On Wednesday , as talks restarted in Geneva , Iran 's Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei gave a televised speech in which he called Israel the "  rabid dog " of the Middle East and declared that Israel "  is doomed to failure and annihilation . " That kind of language , and a nuclear program , a wave of terrorist attacks , and the funding of anti-Israel militias , such as Hezbollah , add up to a pretty good case for Israelis to worry . Their concerns are echoed by many members of Congress , who also question the strength of the current negotiating approach . All want to see a deal , but only a good deal . All of them , lest we forget , are on the same side . Israel , along with France and many members of Congress , believes relief from sanctions should come only if Iran completely stops getting closer to a nuclear weapon . They worry that once world powers start rolling back sanctions , even slightly , the entire system will start unraveling . The Obama administration says the interim deal would "  put time on the clock . " But Obama too said he wants to make "  absolutely certain " the Iranians are not "  busy advancing their program " during talks . On the surface , Obama and Netanyahu are saying much the same thing . It 's no simple task , but if a deal can be made that convinces everyone Iran is not within reach of a bomb , that would satisfy America , Israel , America 's Arab friends and -- if Tehran is telling the truth -- it should meet Iran 's goals . We do n't know the exact terms under discussion in Geneva , Switzerland , but some reports give reasons for concern . One element under discussion , for example , would reportedly allow continuing construction of the Arak plutonium facility , with a promise from Iran to delay operating it for six months ; far from ideal . It is also unclear what would happen with the Parchin site , where U.N. inspectors suspect Iran is working on ways to develop military components to weaponize its nuclear materials . Instead of disparaging the administration 's negotiating skills , Netanyahu , as a friend of the U.S. , should raise questions about these issues . And instead of disparaging the motives of Netanyahu and other critics , the Obama administration should respond to the specific claims . Ironically , Israel 's strong objections strengthen the West 's negotiating position . It is Iran that should explain why it will not allow inspectors into Parchin and why it needs to build a plutonium reactor . Countries make alliances because they are stronger together . Israel and the U.S. need to defend their alliance as they work together to stop Iran 's nuclear program . Anything else will only strengthen their enemies . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : U.S. , Israel on same side on Iran but are at bitter odds on nuclear negotiations She says Netanyahu says U.S. falling into trap ; Obama says U.S. trying for peace , security She says Israel has legitimate existential concerns over nukes in Iran , wants strong deal Ghitis : Lest they strengthen their enemies , U.S. , Israel need to defend their alliance
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- All major indicators of violence in Iraq have dropped by between 40 and 80 percent since February 2007 , when President Bush committed an additional 30,000 troops to the war there , the Pentagon reported Monday . The quarterly report to Congress noted that the military , political and economic gains made in the five-year-old war remain "  fragile , reversible and uneven , " and that Islamic jihadists loyal to al Qaeda in Iraq remain capable of high-profile attacks . But civilian deaths have dropped from a peak of nearly 4,000 a month from December 2006 to January 2007 to about 500 a month as of May , and U.S. troop deaths have dropped from 126 in May 2007 to an all-time low of 19 in May 2008 . The report cited the emergence of the Sons of Iraq as a major reason for the downturn in civilian-oriented violence and deaths . The groups are made up of an estimated 90,000 Iraqis , often former insurgents , paid by U.S. commanders to help protect neighborhoods and provide intelligence on extremists . U.S. troop deaths and civilian deaths spiked in March , when Iraqis battled militia forces loyal to Shiite cleric Muqtada al-Sadr in Basra . At the end of March , an operation in Sadr City by U.S. and Iraqi forces to clear out insurgents firing rockets into the Green Zone also kept the death toll up , according to the report . But while the death toll went up in March , it remained lower than the numbers that prevailed before the "  surge " campaign began in early 2007 . The next April and May saw a sharp downturn in deaths across the board , the report found . The fighting in Basra and Baghdad was a major test for Iraqi troops . Military officials said the Iraqi operation in Basra initially looked like a failure , but has turned out to be a success as Iraqi troops continue to hold and stabilize the southern city . In ongoing operations in the northern city of Mosul to drive out al Qaeda , Iraqi forces are showing clear signs of independent operational capability with little to no U.S. help , U.S. military officials said . The report suggested those successes are bolstering the ranks : More than 27,000 Iraqis have joined the country 's security forces since the last Pentagon report , in March , bringing the total number of Iraqi soldiers and police to about 560,000 . Since the March report , the Iraqi government focused on resolving conflicts from Basra and Sadr City that dominated the political and security landscape over the past three months , the report said . The report also said increasing oil export revenues are putting more money into the country for development , reconciliation programs and security . Insurgents continue to strike , however . An attack by a female suicide bomber Sunday in Baquba , which killed a reported 15 people , is one example of instability in regions with a heavy insurgent presence . While death tolls are down , the report highlighted the negative influence Iran is having inside Iraq . The report said Iraq 's neighbor "  continues to fund , train , arm and guide " anti-American "  special groups , " the U.S. term for splinter factions of al-Sadr 's Mehdi Army and other Shiite militants . Iran has denied U.S. allegations it is supporting insurgent factions within Iraq . But U.S. and Iraqi troops have discovered Iranian weapons inside Iraq , including Iranian made roadside bombs -- and during the fighting in Basra , large stashes of Iranian-made weapons were found with manufacture dates on them as recent as this year , according to U.S. military officials . The report said the Iraqi government continues to press the Iranians , who deny blame . May 2008 marked a sharp drop in high-profile attacks from al Qaeda , according to the report . Attacks in May hit a two-year low , about 70 percent lower than the peak in March 2007 . The U.S. military said the drop is connected to U.S. and Iraqi operations directed at al Qaeda , but pointed out that in a single day -- April 15 -- a high-profile attack killed more than 150 people .	Pentagon 's quarterly report to Congress notes violence reduction It also notes that jihadists loyal to al Qaeda in Iraq are still a threat Report credits Sons of Iraq , former insurgents who are now being paid by U.S. Increasing oil export revenues are putting more money into Iraq , report says
Manchester , New Hampshire  CNN  -- On Sept. 12 , 2009 , frustrated tea party citizens from across the country marched upon the Capitol in Washington , energized by a shared sense of disenfranchisement in the political system and anger at a federal government they believed was taxing too much and racking up a dangerous amount of debt . Two years later , much has changed . A powerful coalition of tea-party-backed freshmen walks the halls of Congress , where they have unsettled the establishment and pushed their own party to the right . On the campaign trail , the support of tea party groups has helped launch campaigns and is a force candidates ignore at their peril . For those who doubt the movement has moved toward the mainstream , the Tea Party Express will join CNN on Monday night to host a nationally televised forum where eight GOP presidential candidates will vie for tea party support . The loose affiliation of activists is making the transition from upstart outsiders to a force trying to affect change from within , putting different pressures and expectancies on the movement . "  We 're not a protest movement anymore ; we 've morphed into something else , " said Matt Kibbe , president of FreedomWorks , which has helped support tea party groups around the country . "  We 're a get-out-the-vote machine . We 're organizing at the community level . " Expanding on its 2010 congressional election victories , the tea party has become a major factor in the presidential race this election cycle . Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney acknowledged its reach in early September , when he rearranged his schedule last-minute to speak at two tea party events . Candidates Michele Bachmann and Ron Paul have enjoyed strong early support from tea party groups and are working to leverage that momentum into victories in states such as South Carolina . Tea Party Express Co-Chairman Amy Kremer said as the movement continues to mature , tea partiers are increasingly recognizing their activism can change outcomes in Washington . The bloc has become so powerful , she said , that a Republican could not win his or her party 's nomination without tea party support . "  We 're not going to sit back and just let the Republican party hand us the nominee , " she said . "  We 're going to choose the nominee . " Though tea party leaders maintain the movement will not become a political party and comprises activists of all political stripes , Kremer said most tea partiers expected better from their GOP elected officials . "  We 're sick and tired of the Republican Party handing us candidates who are not true conservatives , " she said . "  And that 's what this movement stands for . " The question now is whether the tea party will push candidates far enough to the right during the primaries that it could hurt their chances at winning a general election . The failed Senate candidacies of tea-party-backed Sharron Angle in Nevada and Christine O'Donnell in Delaware may stand as a warning . The hard-line , no-compromise stance tea party freshmen took on deeper spending cuts in Washington this year in the debt ceiling deal may have hurt the group 's standing among Americans . A Wall Street Journal poll from August found the number of voters with a "  very negative " view of the tea party had doubled since January , rising from 15 to 29 percent . In the end the party establishment prevailed with a deal that would make some cuts and put others in the hands of a bipartisan committee of 12 members of Congress . Kibbe said that unswerving dedication to political ideals could be the tea party 's "  Achilles heel " in the presidential election , where simply refusing to accept the GOP candidate could force the group into irrelevancy . "  When you 're fighting congressional and House seats you can choose your champions , you can choose your battles , you can fight this race and not that race , " he said . "  When it comes down to the question of voting for President Obama or voting for the Republican nominee , I think Tea Partiers have a challenge , and that 's why we 've weighed in on this conversation early so we have a better choice . " The early involvement may prove to have heightened importance this election cycle if the Republican Party begins to coalesce around the candidate they feel can best defeat President Barack Obama , said Pat Griffin , a GOP strategist and senior fellow at the New Hampshire Institute of Politics at St. Anselm who is not affiliated in the presidential race . "  Ideology always trumps electability in a primary , " he said . "  But with each passing day as the president 's numbers appear to get worse , Republicans are looking at each other and saying , hmm , we really have a chance to win this thing . " Griffin said that could make members of the party more cautious in choosing a nominee . "  I 'm starting to hear for the first time , we 've got to be careful about the ideology , " he said . "  Winning the nomination is only half the game . This is about winning back the White House . " Griffin expects eventually both the GOP party establishment and tea party voters will come around to support the party 's candidate so long as they see winning back the White House as a real possibility . Whatever the outcome , do n't count the tea party out , he said . Despite many predictions that the movement had reached its peak , the tea party continues to be a relevant force because it is based upon sustained anger among the electorate , said Griffin . "  The tea party is an organic movement that was largely created by people who were frustrated by Washington , " he said . "  There 's not much you can do about something that 's genuine , something that grew organically . You can not crush that out given the noise coming out of Washington these days . "	CNN sponsoring Republican presidential candidates debate with Tea Party Express One tea party organizer says movement has evolved from protest to get-out-the-vote operation Another organizer says tea party will have big say in the party 's 2012 nominee Expert says movement has sustained because anger among the electorate persists
Cape Town , South Africa  CNN  -- Mike Steenkamp still wakes up in the morning expecting a phone call from his niece . That call never comes . "  It has n't really sunk in to my way of thinking , " he said . Steenkamp and his daughter Kim Martin told CNN this week that they are n't focusing on why Reeva Steenkamp is gone . She was shot and killed just three weeks ago by her boyfriend , Olympian and South African track star Oscar Pistorius . They are trying to avoid the speculation and debate that swirl around whether Pistorius intentionally shot and killed his 29-year-old girlfriend or whether he mistook her for an intruder . He 's been charged with premeditated murder . Former lead detective on Pistorius case resigns Mike Steenkamp said the family has no plans to attend Pistorius ' trial . "  We wo n't be present , I can tell you that now , " he said . That 's because the family wants to focus on Reeva . "  I have to concentrate on her , " Kim Martin explained . "  I know that sounds crazy , but that 's how I get from day to day . "  It 's easier to deal with it if you do n't concentrate on anything else other than the fact that Reeva 's not here , and at the end of the day , she 's not coming back . " Kim Martin and Reeva Steenkamp were like sisters , she said , sharing every detail of their lives . Reeva frequently stayed at her cousin 's Cape Town home where Mike Steenkamp says he can still picture Reeva in the kitchen , helping prepare dinner . Yet Martin said she only met Pistorius once , at a seaside cafe . She and Steenkamp chatted , catching up on their lives , as Martin settled her kids . Her interaction that day with Pistorius "  was n't long enough to form an opinion on his personality . " "  What I saw of him ... he did seem like a nice guy , " Martin said . Before Reeva Steenkamp started dating the man nicknamed "  Blade Runner " for his lightning-fast prosthetic legs , she was famous in her own right . A law school graduate with a vibrant personality , she had a slew of modeling gigs under her belt and the striking , platinum-haired beauty had been gearing up for her reality television debut . Her growing exposure brought more opportunities . She served as a presenter for FashionTV in South Africa , was an FHM cover girl and was the face of cosmetics company Avon . FHM described her as a "  beautiful , intelligent and warm-hearted woman " who had a "  wicked " sense of humor . "  She was the kindest , sweetest human being ; an angel on earth , " said Capacity Relations , the agency that represented her . Yet , despite her fame , she was still her mother 's baby girl , Mike Steenkamp recalled . Reeva 's uncle told the story of when Oscar and Reeva were driving on a highway and Oscar , prone to fast cars , was supposedly speeding . "  Reeva  phoned her mum and said ... ` Mum , Oscar 's speeding , ' " Steenkamp recalled . "  So June took the phone and said , ` Let me speak to Oscar . ' And  she  said to Oscar , ` Hey listen , that 's my precious , and my only daughter ... she 's my angel . And you 'd better slow down or I will get the mafia onto you afterwards . ' And Reeva said afterwards , ` Mum , he slowed down . ' " Now , Pistorius , 26 , is free on bail as he awaits trial . His next court date is scheduled for June 4 . Prosecutors say the track star killed his girlfriend after a heated argument in the early morning hours of Valentine 's Day . Pistorius case brings attention to South African gun culture Pistorius and his attorneys insist he thought an intruder was hiding in a toilet room inside the bathroom of his Pretoria home . He says he fired in a fit of terror before realizing Steenkamp was inside . "  I 'd like to ask Oscar why he did n't lean over and touch my cousin first ... and say ` are you okay ? ' ` keep quiet , ' ` I 'm coming now , ' " Kim Martin said , shortly after her cousin 's death . As for what happens to Pistorius , Mike Steenkamp said it does n't matter . Nothing will bring back their beloved Reeva . But he does want one thing : a chance to meet with Pistorius and forgive him . "  That way , I can find more peace with the situation , " he said , fighting back tears . Steenkamp says it 's his Christian faith that prompts him to want to offer forgiveness . And he wants to do it face to face , not through the media . "  Whatever the outcome , I feel with my belief  that  if Christ could forgive me when he died on the cross , why ca n't I ? " Watch Anderson Cooper 360  weeknights 10pm ET . For the latest from AC360  click here .	Reeva Steenkamp was shot and killed by boyfriend Oscar Pistorius Facing a murder charge , he says he mistook her for an intruder Steenkamp 's uncle says the family will not attend the trial Mike Steenkamp says he wants to forgive Pistorius , face to face
West Point , New York  CNN  -- President Obama said Tuesday that the deployment of 30,000 additional U.S. troops to Afghanistan is part of a strategy to reverse the Taliban 's momentum and stabilize the country 's government . "  There is no imminent threat of the government being overthrown , but the Taliban has gained momentum , " Obama said at the U.S. Military Academy . "  Al Qaeda has not re-emerged in Afghanistan in the same numbers as before 9/11 , but they retain their safe-havens along the border . "  And our forces lack the full support they need to effectively train and partner with Afghan security forces and better secure the population . ... In short , the status quo is not sustainable . " Obama said he 'd begin sending the additional troops "  at the fastest pace possible " starting in early 2010 "  with a goal of starting to withdraw forces from the country in July 2011 . " The president said additional U.S. forces bolstered by NATO troops "  will allow us to accelerate handing over responsibility to Afghan forces . " Senior administration officials said Tuesday that Obama has a goal of withdrawing most U.S. forces by the end of his current term , which ends in January 2013 . Watch what the new troops will do in Afghanistan It will be the second increase of U.S. forces in the war-torn Islamic country ordered by Obama since he took office in January . In his speech Tuesday , Obama said his strategy had three objectives :  Deny al Qaeda a safe haven  Reverse the Taliban 's momentum and deny it the ability to overthrow Afghanistan 's government  Strengthen Afghanistan 's security forces and government The additional troops was one way to achieve these , he said . Other strategies will include holding Afghan government leaders accountable for corruption , focus assistance on areas that could help the lives of Afghans , and securing the country 's border with Pakistan . "  We are in Afghanistan to prevent a cancer from once again spreading through that country . But this same cancer has also taken root in the border region of Pakistan . That is why we need a strategy that works on both sides of the border , " Obama said . The president said he rejected the option of committing more forces for an undefined mission of nation-building without any deadlines . "  I reject this course because it sets goals that are beyond what we can achieve at a reasonable cost , and what we need to achieve to secure our interests , " Obama said . "  Furthermore , the absence of a timeframe for transition would deny us any sense of urgency in working with the Afghan government . It must be clear that Afghans will have to take responsibility for their security , and that America has no interest in fighting an endless war in Afghanistan . " Obama rejected analogies with the war in Vietnam that divided America in the 1960s and 1970s . "  Unlike Vietnam , we are joined by a broad coalition of 43 nations that recognizes the legitimacy of our action , " Obama said . "  Unlike Vietnam , we are not facing a broad-based popular insurgency . And most importantly , unlike Vietnam , the American people were viciously attacked from Afghanistan , and remain a target for those same extremists who are plotting along its border . " Obama said the U.S. has no interest in occupying Afghanistan . "  We will support efforts by the Afghan government to open the door to those Taliban who abandon violence and respect the human rights of their fellow citizens , " Obama said . "  And we will seek a partnership with Afghanistan grounded in mutual respect -- to isolate those who destroy ; to strengthen those who build ; to hasten the day when our troops will leave ; and to forge a lasting friendship in which America is your partner , and never your patron . " Obama spoke to an audience of West Point cadets , staff and guests in outlining his strategy that he has deliberated for months , meeting several times with his national security team . He recognized that some in the audience had fought in Afghanistan , and some would be deployed in the future . "  As your commander in chief , I owe you a mission that is clearly defined , and worthy of your service , " he said . The additional U.S. forces "  will increase our ability to train competent Afghan security forces , and to partner with them so that more Afghans can get into the fight , " Obama said . "  And they will help create the conditions for the United States to transfer responsibility to the Afghans . " Obama also said he is asking NATO allies to provide more troops , and that he is "  confident that there will be further contributions in the days ahead . " "  Our friends have fought and bled and died alongside us in Afghanistan , " he said . "  Now , we must come together to end this war successfully . For what 's at stake is not simply a test of NATO 's credibility -- what 's at stake is the security of our allies , and the common security of the world . " The new troop deployment would increase the total U.S. commitment to roughly 100,000 troops in Afghanistan , bolstered by more than 40,000 NATO forces . Obama , whom Republicans had accused of "  dithering " over the decision , concluded the deployment needs to be accelerated to knock back the Taliban , the senior officials said . The push for a speedy deployment is surprising because White House officials who defended Obama 's slow pace of coming to a decision had said the Pentagon would n't be able to get new troops to Afghanistan that quickly . A Pentagon official noted that , under the new strategy , Obama is "  trying to do it faster " than the 12-month timeline initially requested by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. commander in Afghanistan . McChrystal wrote in a report in August that a "  failure to gain the initiative and reverse insurgent momentum in the near-term  next 12 months  -- while Afghan security capacity matures -- risks an outcome where defeating the insurgency is no longer possible . " The Pentagon official said Obama 's six-month timeline for sending the new troops is "  very aggressive " and will be challenging for the military to fulfill . The official expressed confidence , however , that the military would successfully carry out the order . Opponents of an increased U.S. troop deployment complain that the government of Afghan President Hamid Karzai is corrupt and an unreliable partner . Obama spoke to Karzai for an hour by videoconference Tuesday to discuss the deployment decision , according to a White House statement . "  The president also emphasized that U.S. and international efforts in Afghanistan are not open-ended and must be evaluated toward measurable and achievable goals within the next 18 to 24 months , " the statement said . Share your views on Obama 's Afghanistan decision The decision to send the troops carries significant political risk for Obama , who will announce it nine days before he travels to Oslo , Norway , to accept the Nobel Peace Prize . His liberal base , which helped him win last year 's presidential election , opposes another troop deployment to Afghanistan . In addition , the deployment , expected to cost an extra $ 30 billion a year , comes amid high unemployment as the economy emerges from a recession . That concerns Democrats and Republicans faced with competing domestic priorities such as health care reform and job creation . U.S.-led troops first invaded Afghanistan in response to the al Qaeda terrorist network 's September 11 , 2001 , attacks on New York and Washington . The invasion overthrew the ruling Taliban , which had allowed al Qaeda to operate from its territory , but most of the top al Qaeda and Taliban leadership escaped the onslaught . Taliban fighters have since regrouped in the mountainous region along Afghanistan 's border with Pakistan , battling U.S. and Afghan government forces on one side and Pakistani troops on the other . Al Qaeda 's top leaders , Osama bin Laden and Ayman al-Zawahiri , remain at large and are suspected to be hiding in the same region . The conflict has so far claimed the lives of more than 900 Americans and nearly 600 allied troops .	30,000 troops to be deployed within six months , President Obama says Obama : More troops would quicken transfer of responsibility to Afghanistan Obama wants most U.S. troops out of Afghanistan in 3 years , officials say President : Goals are to deny al Qaeda a safe haven and reverse Taliban 's momentum
CNN  -- Hours after Turkey 's prime minister vowed to "  eradicate " Twitter , Turkish Internet users began to experience widespread disruptions Thursday while trying to access the popular social networking website . Outrage and fury erupted online . Within an hour the hashtags " #TwitterisblockedinTurkey , " " #DictatorErdogan " and "  TurkeyBlockedTwitter " surged to the service 's top worldwide trends . Meanwhile , Twitter swiftly offered subscribers a work-around via its verified policy account by advertising an alternative way to send out tweets using cell-phone instant messaging . Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan first vowed to shut Twitter down at a campaign rally on Thursday in the city of Bursa . "  Now there is a court order . Twitter , mwitter , we will eradicate it all , " Erdogan said , using a Turkish expression that mocked the name of the social networking site . "  The international community will say this and that , and it does n't concern me one bit , " Erdogan added , apparently anticipating the subsequent uproar . "  They will see the power of the Turkish Republic . This has nothing to do with freedom-shmeedom . Freedom is not invading someone 's privacy . " Several hours later , the prime ministry released a statement accusing Twitter 's management of ignoring court orders calling for the removal of web links from the website . "  Twitter officials remained indifferent to these demands , " the prime ministry announced , according to the semiofficial Anadolu news agency . "  Access to Twitter may be blocked as a last resort to avert the unjust treatment of our citizens in case of a continuation of this ignorance of the court rulings . " While many Twitter users reported blockages to the website , others quickly advertised workaround procedures . The Twitter crackdown follows earlier threats by Erdogan to shut down popular social networking sites Facebook and YouTube . The latest move against Twitter comes 10 days before Turks are expected to go to the polls in municipal elections that will be held nationwide . The government has also been working to block embarrassing leaks emerging on social media linked to a corruption investigation that embroiled four of Erdogan 's former cabinet ministers . Erdogan claims the investigation is a "  coup plot . " He has sought to crush the probe by firing thousands of police officers and prosecutors . Nonetheless , embarrassing wiretaps of telephone conversations between Erdogan , his family members and top members of Turkey 's ruling elite have been leaked on a daily basis on an assortment of popular Internet sites . CNN has been unable to confirm the authenticity of the recordings , some of which have been described as "  immorally edited material " by Erdogan . But the prime minister confirmed some of the conversations , including a call in which he ordered the head of a TV news channel to censor the live broadcast of an opposition lawmaker 's speech . On Wednesday , lawmakers from Erdogan 's ruling Justice and Development Party succeeded in blocking an attempt by opposition leaders to read out portions of the corruption investigation indictment in an extraordinary session of parliament .	Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has threatened to shut down social media sites He says Twitter 's management has ignored court orders Outrage erupts online when service disruptions hit Twitter users quickly advertise workaround procedures
CNN  -- Princeton University will make a meningitis B vaccine available to all undergraduate students , graduate students living in dorms or the Graduate College and annexes , and other university community members with particular medical conditions , the school said Tuesday . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention have officially recommended that these groups of people receive the vaccine , Princeton said . The CDC 's Institutional Review Board approved this measure Tuesday afternoon , spokeswoman Barbara Reynolds said . The vaccine , which is not licensed for use in the United States , will not be provided to anyone else or given out anywhere else , the school said . Young adults and individuals with certain medical conditions have an increased risk of meningitis , especially when living in close proximity to one another , such as in dormitories , the school said . The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis . It has been approved in Europe and Australia . The first dose of the vaccine will be available at the school 's Frist Campus Center from December 9 to December 12 , and the second dose will be available in February . For maximum protection , individuals must receive two doses . Princeton will cover the cost of the vaccine . The vaccine would be recommended for about 5,000 undergraduates and 550 graduate students in dorms , university spokesman Martin Mbugua had told CNN previously . Additionally , around half a dozen people with conditions that fall under the recommendation would also be affected , although there may be more who have not yet disclosed their conditions , he said . These include conditions where the spleen is compromised , or certain other immune system disorders . The school announced Friday that an eighth case of meningitis B had been reported , the latest in a string of cases reported this year . All eight were caused by a rare meningococcal bacteria known as serotype B. Also last week , the University of California , Santa Barbara , reported that three students were being treated for meningococcal disease and that their cases were caused by type B bacteria -- the same bacteria strain causing the Princeton outbreak . However , no link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton , the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department said . New Jersey state law requires all students at Princeton living in dormitories to receive a different meningitis vaccine , which is licensed in the United States . That vaccine protects against some other strains , but not serotype B bacteria . Any Princeton student who received the usual meningitis vaccine would not not be protected , Princeton said . What is meningitis B ? Meningitis is caused by inflammation of the membranes that cover the brain and the spinal cord , known as the meninges . Infection of the fluid surrounding the brain and spinal cord usually causes this inflammation , according to the CDC . Meningitis usually develops in response to bacteria or viruses , but there can be other forms and causes , such as physical injury , cancer or certain drugs , according to the CDC . The bacterial form is rare in the United States , and the group B bacterial strains are even more rare . Meningitis can spread via the exchange of saliva and other respiratory secretions through kissing , coughing , sharing drinks and living in close quarters , such as in dormitories , according to the New Jersey state health department . Symptoms can include a stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death . Antibiotic treatment of the most common types of bacterial meningitis "  should reduce the risk of dying from meningitis to below 15 % , although the risk remains higher among young infants and the elderly , " according to the CDC . In 2012 , there were 480 cases of bacterial meningitis in the United States , according to the CDC . Of those , 160 were group B. School activities continue Several students told CNN that their peers are not overly afraid of getting meningitis , but that it 's definitely a topic of conversation . "  I think students do know that it is an important and fatal issue that is spreading on campus -- and each student individually decides to what degree to protect themselves , " Stephen Cognetta , a junior , said in an e-mail . In Princeton 's statement Tuesday , the university said : "  The CDC and state health officials recommend that classes and activities at Princeton University continue as planned , and the surrounding community can continue to attend events on the campus . They do not recommend any travel restrictions for members of the University community . " The university celebrated its football team 's victories over Harvard and Yale on Sunday with a bonfire . Michigan , feds to share info in meningitis probe CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report	The first dose of the meningitis B vaccine will be available at Princeton in December Princeton has reported eight cases of meningitis B since March The vaccine is called Bexsero and is made by Novartis
CNN  -- More than one and a half years have passed since a boyish-looking 22-year-old Army private was arrested , suspected to be behind the biggest intelligence leak in U.S. history . Much has been written about him . Politicians , pundits , celebrities and protesters have had something to say . But the single voice that could tell the real story has never been heard . Bradley Manning , are you finally going to speak ? Will you say anything when a military arraignment begins on Friday at an Army base in Maryland , the first step in the government 's case that intends to figure out how hundreds of thousands of its classified Afghan , Iraq and diplomatic documents came to be published on WikiLeaks.org ? Manning is facing 22 charges of violating military code , ranging from theft of records to aiding the enemy . The latter charge is likely , experts say , to land Manning in prison for life . But , if a general sees fit , the law allows that Manning could be eligible for the death penalty , a historic turn in a case that is already unprecedented . So what has this young soldier from small-town Oklahoma got to say for himself ? Defense attorney David Coombs is n't saying whether his client will speak at the Article 32 hearing , held to determine whether there 's enough evidence to merit a court-martial , which is expected to last a week . Manning has been held at Kansas ' Fort Leavenworth prison and will be transported for the hearing to Fort George Meade , where , incidentally , the National Security Agency has its offices . Security for media will be intense ; there are only 10 spots for reporters in the tiny courtroom , so most will be relegated to a media room with a single closed-circuit television showing the hearing . The military has said it will cut that feed whenever material it deems classified is discussed in the courtroom . An Army Reserve lieutenant colonel , Coombs has a reputation for cutthroat and creative military lawyering , his contemporaries tell CNN . He is also an active blogger . He 's been posting about the Manning case , including his client 's alleged mistreatment at Quantico , since taking the case in 2010 . An attorney for the Bradley Manning Support Network says the group has paid about $ 150,000 in expenses toward Manning 's defense , money raised mostly in small donated increments online . Earlier this month , Coombs hinted on his blog at how he might defend Manning . He filed in court record , and then blogged , a kind of witness wish list . Coombs said it described military personnel who , if he could call them , would testify that Manning behaved like an unhinged , potentially dangerous soldier on base in Iraq . Manning 's superiors repeatedly missed chances to either remove him from his intelligence job or revoke his security clearance , the document said . Read the entire witness filing A few days later , Coombs posted another filing protesting the military 's apparent rejection of all but 10 of his requested witnesses . The military told CNN that it will not comment until Friday 's hearing . "  If Coombs uses the defense -- the ` It 's not my fault , they did n't stop me ' -- that 's not going to fly with a military jury . That 's not even a defense , " said Michael Waddington , a criminal defense attorney who has tried at least 150 Article 32 hearings and many court-martial trials . "  The problem is that  the defense  is not really addressing the charges themselves . You 're not saying ' I did n't leak anything , you ca n't prove it , ' " explained Waddington , who served two tours as an Army defense lawyer and has worked as a special assistant United States attorney and as an Army chief of military justice . Psychological problems Military juries typically do n't respond well to defense strategies that try to evoke sympathy for a defendant based on his or her alleged psychological problems , he said . "  To them , psychological problems are , like , ` Who cares ? ' The military takes a lot of people who have psychological problems ,  then  they turn away and act like they do n't see it . It 's common . It will not be a shock to a military panel -- the jury -- and they are n't going to be appalled by that . " Waddington said he 's tried several cases in which his clients ' mental instability was known by military co-workers and superiors , yet those in power did little or nothing before a crime occurred . Waddington pointed to the case of Maj. Nidal Hasan to illustrate his point . Hasan was an Army psychiatrist who will face a court-martial in March . Hasan is accused of killing 13 people and wounding dozens in a shooting November 5 , 2009 , at Fort Hood , Texas . A Senate report earlier this year found that various federal intelligence and law enforcement agencies missed an opportunity to prevent the rampage , even though they had information that Hasan supported Islamic extremism , had communicated with a terrorism suspect , and acted in a way that waved red flags about his mental stability . The report mirrored a Pentagon review which said that Hasan continued to advance despite concerns from others around him . In early November , victims ' families filed suit asking $ 750 million from the military for failing to prevent the bloodbath . In Manning 's case , if the prevention argument wo n't work , Waddington says , neither will painting him as a whistle-blower . In the opinion of some observers , including Pentagon Papers leaker Daniel Ellsberg , the documents published by WikiLeaks deserved to be brought to light and Manning was "  brave " -- in Ellsberg 's words -- to leak the information . Others who support Manning 's actions contend that , at worst , war crimes and an effort by the U.S. and its allies to cover up atrocities were revealed by the leaks . That was the general thrust of The Guardian 's coverage on the intelligence , which The Guardian independently examined . Numerous reports , including those in The New York Times , which also independently analyzed the documents , said that the WikiLeaks disclosures revealed widespread corruption in both wars , a gross waste of money and mistreatment of detainees . "  If you 're going to appeal to a military jury , whistle-blower does n't work , " Waddington said . "  The thinking they have is that when you sign up for a certain job in military intelligence and you manage data that is secret , you have a duty to protect that information . " Overclassified , overcharged Coombs may have better luck if the defense concentrates on four other arguments , the attorney suggests . First , Coombs should try to demonstrate that the documents Manning allegedly downloaded were not marked individually as classified , and therefore he could not be held accountable for knowingly taking secret intelligence . He might also want to present the argument , bandied in numerous media reports , that the information Manning had access to has been overclassified . In other words , it 's not necessary that a cable about Saudi royals having wild parties be classified in the same way as a cable about Tehran 's nuclear activity . The defense attorney should also drive home the idea that the government has gone overboard with its charges -- especially aiding the enemy -- without proving that any actual harm was caused by the leaks , Waddington said . "  This is n't a case of someone sneaking behind enemy lines and handing over passwords to the computer system or giving a key to the back entrance to the military base , " said Waddington . "  This is someone who downloaded some information he should n't have , which has not been proven to have harmed anyone or national security . " Third , the defense can try to show that Manning wo n't get a fair trial due to comments President Barack Obama made last year at a fundraiser . Obama said that Manning broke the law . "  I have to abide by certain classified information , " Obama said on a video posted on YouTube . "  If I was to release stuff , information that I 'm not authorized to release , I 'm breaking the law . ... We 're a nation of laws . We do n't individually make our own decisions about how the laws operate . ... He broke the law . " There is n't anyone who reports to the commander in chief who would want to go against that , said Waddington , so the case seems unfair from the start . A controversial witness If Waddington were defending Manning , he said , his first priority would be to attack the credibility of Adrian Lamo , a California hacker who says Manning reached out to him in an Internet chat and confessed to downloading intelligence and giving it to WikiLeaks . Neither Manning nor his counsel has confirmed or denied that Manning was indeed the one writing the instant messages in the chat log . WikiLeaks and the news organizations that published stories based on the leaked material have never identified who gave it to them . Lamo told CNN.com last year , and reiterated in interviews throughout the past year , that he turned Manning in to the FBI because he believed that what Manning wrote to him could be used to harm national security . In an unrelated incident , Lamo was convicted in 2004 on one count of computer crimes after breaking into the New York Times , Microsoft and Lexis-Nexis computer systems and has reportedly breached Excite@Home's company network and broken into the internal networks of Yahoo! and MCI WorldCom . Lamo has repeatedly told CNN.com over the past year that his hacking is in his past and he had altruistic intentions when it came to turning in Manning . Lamo was on the list of witnesses Coombs wants to question at the Article 32 hearing . Reached via e-mail late Wednesday , Lamo responded to CNN.com 's question about whether he would testify . Lamo wrote that he was in a "  pre-hearing meeting . " He e-mailed , "  I 'll be in the area , but ca n't confirm that I 'll testify . " "  I would put that guy on trial and make him lay out the evidence he has against Manning , " said Waddington . "  He would be the weakest link , to me , in the government 's case . "	Bradley Manning is believed to have leaked classified intelligence The 23-year-old soldier from Oklahoma faces 22 charges of violating military law The most serious charge is aiding the enemy , which would likely result in a life sentence
CNN  The U.S. Navy does n't just do stuff "  for fun , " says the command master chief of the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan , but what 30 % of the ship 's crew will be up to over the next year or so can at least be termed pretty cool . And it will certainly be unprecedented . Some 1,200 of the Reagan 's crew will be executing what the Navy calls a three-hull swap , serving aboard three different carriers in one tour of duty as the service juggles assets to meet mission requirements . The 1,200 are calling themselves "  The Three Presidents Crew , " as they will serve aboard three of the Navy 's carriers named after presidents : the Reagan , the USS George Washington and the USS Theodore Roosevelt . The crew will even have its own insignia and hull number , CVN 220 , the sum of the hull numbers of the Reagan  CVN 76  , the Roosevelt  CVN 71  and the Washington  CVN 73  . Mass Communication Specialist 3rd Class David Frederick aboard the Reagan came up with the logo . "  I am honored that my art will be a part of the legacy of this ` Three Presidents ' crew , and I hope that it will bring attention to the hard work of all the Sailors who are involved in this crew swap , " he said . The swap will begin this summer . The George Washington will go from its home port in Japan to San Diego , where a crew swap with the Reagan will take place . While the George Washington crew takes the Reagan to replace the Washington in Japan , the Three Presidents crew will board the George Washington , which will be headed for Norfolk , Virginia , and an overhaul . The 1,200 will sail with the Washington around South America , then they will fly back to San Diego to crew the Roosevelt , which is taking the Reagan 's current spot there . "  Think of how difficult a three-hull carrier swap would be to carry out , " Capt. Chris Bolt , the commander of the Reagan , said in the ship 's publication , The 76er . "  It 's never been done before . " "  We are just moving assets around so we can continue to meet mission requirements . That 's exactly what this is all about . It 's not because the Navy said , ` Let 's do this for fun , ' " Spike Call , command master chief of the Reagan , said in The 76er . Seven of the Navy 's 10 active aircraft carriers are named after presidents . As one commenter on the Reagan 's Facebook page said , maybe next time , the Navy could add a fourth carrier to the hull swap and come up with ... the USS Mount Rushmore . Hmmm , the Navy does have the USS Abraham Lincoln  CVN 72  , but there is no carrier for Jefferson . So say we sub in the Reagan and come up with CVN 292 . Apologies to the USS Rushmore  LSD 47  .	1,200 sailors to go through a three-hull swap , serving aboard three different carriers in one tour of duty Crew members will serve on three carriers named after presidents The swap will take them from Japan , around South America to Virginia , and then back west to San Diego
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Democratic presidential candidates on Wednesday criticized President Bush 's plan to withdraw roughly 30,000 troops from Iraq by next summer , with Sen. Hillary Clinton labeling it "  too little , too late . " Sen. Hillary Clinton listens as Gen. David Petraeus testifies before the Senate Armed Services Committee . In an open letter to Bush , Clinton said the troop withdrawal "  is simply too little , too late , and unacceptable to this Congress , and to the American people who have made clear their strong desire to bring our troops home , and end this war . " Bush on Thursday is expected to endorse the recommendations of Gen. David Petraeus that the troop levels in Iraq be lowered to 130,000 by July , down from the "  surge " level of 160,000 . "  As commander in chief , you have the authority and ability to greatly accelerate the redeployment of U.S. forces from Iraq , and to bring so many more troops home so much faster , " the New York Democrat said . "  I strongly urge you to choose this course of action . " In an interview Wednesday with CNN , one of Clinton 's chief rivals for the 2008 nomination , Sen. Barack Obama of Illinois , said the president is returning to an earlier , failed policy . "  We now are still in the same position as we essentially were in June 2006 , " he said . "  We are in the same levels of violence ; we are at the same levels of dysfunctional when it comes to the government in Iraq , and the American people at some point have a right to ask from their leadership in Washington and from the president : When is enough enough ? " Watch '08 Dems weigh in on war in Iraq " Obama presented a new plan for Iraq on Wednesday afternoon in Clinton , Iowa . It calls for an immediate drawdown of combat operations at a pace of one or two brigades every month , to be completed by the end of next year , according to excerpts released before his speech . A brigade comprises between 3,000 and 5,000 soldiers . Obama recommended a new constitutional convention for Iraq , a new regional diplomatic effort and steps to confront the country 's humanitarian crisis . "  Let me be clear : There is no military solution in Iraq , and there never was . The best way to protect our security and to pressure Iraq 's leaders to resolve their civil war is to immediately begin to remove our combat troops , " Obama said in his speech . Presidential candidate John Edwards , who has been pressing congressional Democrats to take a more confrontational stance against President Bush , called for an immediate withdrawal of 40,000 to 50,000 troops . In a prepared statement , Edwards , a Democrat from North Carolina , said Obama , Clinton and Republican Sen. John Warner of Virginia , who recently called for a withdrawal to begin by Christmas , have "  a moral responsibility to use every tool available to them , including a filibuster , to force the president to change course . " Edwards also called Obama 's plan for troop withdrawal a copy of the president 's plan "  Sen. Obama would withdraw only one to two combat brigades a month between now and the end of next year , " said Edwards , "  which for the next several months could essentially mimic the president 's own plans to withdraw 30,000 troops by next summer . " In a statement , Sen. Christopher Dodd , D-Connecticut , said Wednesday that it was useless to debate tactics when "  the underlying policy is a complete failure . " "  I call on my colleagues to do what needs to be done to end our involvement in this civil war and help restore our national security by clearly and directly declaring that they will not support any Iraq measure without a firm , enforceable deadline tied to funding for the completion of redeployment of troops from Iraq , " Dodd said . Democrats lack the votes in Congress to force the president to bring the troops home and are seeking a compromise position . Congressional Democratic leaders are meeting with Republican lawmakers , who want a change in war policy but are unwilling to cut funding or set a timeline for withdrawal . Privately , congressional Democrats concede that the next president probably will inherit at least a deployment of 100,000 troops in Iraq . The Democratic presidential candidates , particularly the five in Congress , face pressure from liberal groups such as MoveOn.org demanding that they directly confront the president . Obama said it was unlikely he would vote for any legislation that does not include a definite withdrawal deadline . "  You know , we are going to have to evaluate what 's available , but it appears clear to me that the president is not willing to compromise , short of Congress forcing him to accept a shorter timetable , and , absent that , we are essentially engaging in a bunch of symbolic action there , " Obama told CNN . "  What we need is a clear message from the Congress that it is time for us to change course , and it 's time for us to do that , " he said . E-mail to a friend CNN 's John King , Dana Bash , Scott Anderson and Xuan Thai contributed to this report .	NEW : John Edwards calls for immediate withdrawal of 40,000-50 ,000 troops Sen. Hillary Clinton says withdrawal of 30,000 troops by July "  too little , too late " Sen. Barack Obama calls for an immediate start to troop withdrawals
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The newly named lawyer for Michael Jackson 's children makes her first court appearance Monday as a judge decides if he 'll approve a contract between Jackson 's estate and concert promoter AEG Live . Michael Jackson 's estate will be the subject of a court hearing today . Jackson 's mother , Katherine Jackson , who has custody of the three children , objected to provisions of the deal that would give AEG Live a share of rights to video of her son 's final rehearsals . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Mitchell Beckloff appointed estate law expert Margaret Lodise last week to represent the children after he decided their interests might sometimes conflict with their grandmother 's . Despite warnings by estate lawyers that a delay could cost millions of dollars , Beckloff delayed his decision on the AEG Live contract one week to give the children 's new lawyer time to weigh in on the deal . The contract would provide for an exhibition of Jackson memorabilia that would travel to at least three cities , according to Kathy Jorrie , a lawyer for concert promoter AEG Live . "  The longer we wait , the more time passes , frankly , the less interest there will be on the part of the public to come see it , " Jorrie said . The judge has already approved a contract to allow Columbia Pictures to use video that AEG Live shot of Jackson 's last rehearsals for a documentary due out this fall . Columbia is a division of Sony Pictures . Sony Pictures said it would deliver the movie -- "  This Is It " -- to theaters starting October 30 "  with the full support of the estate of Michael Jackson . " Court papers filed last week revealed that Columbia Pictures would pay a minimum of $ 60 million for the rights to make the Jackson movie . Katherine Jackson 's lawyers , while endorsing the movie deal , have objected to terms given to AEG , saying they are too generous to the company . Jackson 's lawyers objected to the estate 's agreement to let AEG recover all its expenses from that money , then take 10 percent of the remainder . It also gives the company a perpetual share of the profits from the video rights . AEG Live 's lawyer said the company had made many concessions to the estate and could not make more . The judge previously has said he might approve the contracts even over Katherine Jackson 's objection . Jermaine Jackson , Michael Jackson 's older brother , told CNN 's Larry King recently that he likes the deals , which he said could bring in nearly $ 100 million into the estate . Katherine Jackson and Michael Jackson 's three children are the main beneficiaries of the estate , which is controlled by Jackson 's former lawyer , John Branca , and longtime Jackson friend and music executive John McClain . Branca and McClain were named in Jackson 's will as executors . Katherine Jackson is considering a challenge of their control of the estate .	Judge appointed attorney for interests of Michael Jackson 's children Discussion between estate , AEG Live is ongoing Executors have deal in mind , Katherine Jackson has expressed objections
CNN  -- A manhunt is under way in New Jersey as multiple law enforcement agencies search for Arthur E. Morgan III , who is wanted for questioning in the death of a two-year-old girl , authorities said . The girl is believed to be Morgan 's biological daughter . A group of boys discovered the child 's body partially submerged in a stream in Shark River Park in Monmouth County on Tuesday afternoon , officials said . She was still strapped in her car seat , CNN afffiliate WABC reported . The stream runs directly beneath an overpass , suggesting the child and car seat were thrown from the overpass , said county prosecutor Christopher Gramiccioni . Morgan was supposed to return the child to her mother Monday night following a custody visit , Gramiccioni . When he failed to return the child , prosecutors in Ocean County charged him with endangering the welfare of a child and interfering with child custody Tuesday morning . The child was found dead some 20 hours later , WABC reported . A number of federal and state agencies , including the FBI , are involved in the search , suggesting Morgan may try to leave New Jersey where he and the child 's mother live separately , Gramiccioni said .	Arthur E. Morgan III is wanted for questioning in the death of a two-year-old girl The child 's body was discovered partially submerged in a creek inside a county park Official : The child was last seen with her father but was never returned to her home
Donetsk , Ukraine  CNN  -- The recent election in Ukraine was a step in the right direction , Russian U.N. Representative Vitaly Churkin told members of the Security Council Wednesday , but unless Ukraine halts military action in the eastern part of the country , Russia can not engage in dialogue . Ukrainian U.N. Representative Yuriy A. Sergeyev , in turn , accused Russia of "  stoking the flames of separatism " in the eastern part of his country . The majority of Security Council members commended Ukraine 's presidential election , won by billionaire Petro Poroshenko with 55 % of the vote . "  Despite successful elections which could be the beginning of a new chapter for Ukraine , violence rages on , causing loss of life and injuries . " said Jeffrey Feltman , the U.N. under-secretary-general for political affairs . More clashes reported in eastern Ukraine Ukraine 's National Guard base in Luhansk was attacked Wednesday by what Ukraine 's Interior Ministry described as "  terrorists . " "  There have been losses among military personnel as well as among the attackers , " said a statement by the ministry . The Luhansk region in eastern Ukraine is at the heart of the separatists ' bid to declare independence , which is mirrored in the neighboring Donetsk region . There dozens of pro-Russian separatists were killed after Ukrainian security forces launched an assault on Donetsk International Airport on Monday , following the militants ' seizure of a terminal . The Ukrainian military 's move against the militants at Donetsk airport has been interpreted by some as an indication that newly elected President Petro Poroshenko will take a tougher stance . The presence of military aircraft may be intended as a reminder of the security forces ' capacity to act . Russian troop withdrawal The Pentagon and NATO are saying Russia has moved at least a few thousand troops back from its border with Ukraine , but a Pentagon spokesman said tens of thousands of combat-ready troops remain . The Kremlin last week announced that Russian President Vladimir Putin had ordered tens of thousands of Russian troops to return to their bases but said the pullback could take some time . NATO said Wednesday that there was "  ongoing evidence of equipment and supplies being packed or prepared for movement " in the area . "  A small number of units have now withdrawn from the border . The activity we are observing continues to suggest a slow withdrawal of forces , " a NATO military officer said . However , he said , many of the Russian troops remain in the border area and are capable of operations at short notice . "  Thousands of troops have withdrawn , but tens of thousands remain , " he said . NATO is monitoring the situation and would welcome a complete , verifiable Russian withdrawal , the NATO military officer said . But , he added , "  Any withdrawal does not erase or reverse what has happened in recent months . Russia has violated the trust of the international community by illegally invading Ukraine . The security dynamic in Europe has been fundamentally changed . " Ukraine is not part of NATO , but other former Soviet states such as Poland do belong to the alliance . Russia is opposed to any move by Ukraine to forge closer ties with NATO . Where are the OSCE monitors ? Four members of Europe 's Special Monitoring Mission who went missing in the eastern Ukraine city of Donetsk are being held by a pro-Russian group , Ukrainian Foreign Ministry spokesman Yevhen Perebynis said Wednesday . "  The negotiations for their release are in process , " Perebynis said during a briefing in Kiev . The team members , who are Swiss , Turkish , Estonian and Danish , were on a routine patrol Monday east of Donetsk when last heard from , according to the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . U.N. Undersecretary-General for political affairs Undersecretary Jeffrey Feltman said the OSCE does not know who is holding the four monitors . The last time an OSCE team went missing in Donetsk , its members turned up in the hands of militant separatists in the town of Slovyansk . They were freed just over a week later . There were fears Wednesday that another group of 11 monitors had gone missing after being stopped at a roadblock in Marinka , west of Donetsk , but the group reestablished contact with the OSCE after returning to Donetsk , according to an OSCE statement . Ukraine : Fierce fighting closes Donetsk airport , claims dozens of lives Opinion : Free elections good for Ukraine , but could be bad for Putin CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported from Donetsk and Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . Journalist Victoria Butenko contributed from Kiev and CNN 's Andrew Carey from Donetsk .	NEW : Russia 's U.N. envoy says dialogue ca n't occur amid Ukraine military action NEW : Ukraine U.N. envoy says Russia is still stoking flames of separatism NEW : Pentagon acknowledges slow withdrawal of Russian troops from border Four missing monitors are held by pro-Russian groups , Ukraine foreign ministry says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Why would an award-winning singer , songwriter , producer and single mother want to tack reality TV star onto her long list of accomplishments ? Kandi Burruss says she is happy to join the "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " cast . For Kandi Burruss , the newest member of the Real Housewives of Atlanta , the answer is simple : "  I was a fan last year . I love the show . " The second season of Bravo 's hit show is set to premier on Thursday with Burruss replacing cast member DeShawn Snow . Burruss is well-known in the music industry as a former member of the platinum-selling R&B girl group Xscape and co-writer of such hits as Destiny 's Child 's "  Bills , Bills , Bills " and TLC 's "  No Scrubs , " for which she won a Grammy . The Atlanta native almost ended up on another reality show with former group mate and writing partner Tameka "  Tiny " Cottle , who is the fiance of rapper T.I. and now stars on BET 's "  Tiny & Toya " alongside Antonia "  Toya " Carter , the ex-wife of Lil ' Wayne . The deal for that show did n't work out and Burruss said she was more than happy to sign on with Bravo 's wildly successful southern edition of the "  Housewives " franchise , which chronicles the lives of a group of affluent African-American women in the ATL . Burruss was already friendly with cast mate Lisa Wu Hartwell , whom she met through their mutual friend Cottle . Having watched the show -- which last season enraptured viewers with a mix of constant infighting , lavish lifestyles and a healthy dose of drama -- Burruss said she was more concerned with being thrust into the public eye than she was with getting along with the cast . "  The only thing that made me hesitant about wanting to be a part of the show is the fact that people are so critical of the show , " she said . "  Just dealing with people on the outside judging you . That part is going to be something that I am going to have to get used to . " The artist has already had to get acclimated to people smearing her personal life on the Internet . Watch Burruss discuss her time on the show " Newly engaged to a father of six children , Burruss has watched him get attacked in blogs and is protective of the man who she said even her mother is n't thrilled about her marrying . " -LSB- The show -RSB- has been very , very stressful on the relationship , " she said . "  I guess -LSB- people -RSB- could n't find anything bad -LSB- to say -RSB- about me , so they wanted to go in on my fianc . " Her caring nature and laid-back personality make Burruss special in the industry , said rapper Rick Ross . "  She 's a very humble person , maybe one of the most humble people among the biggest songwriters in the industry , " said Ross , who collaborated with Burruss on a track for a new solo album she has in the works . "  It 's good to be around the greats and she most definitely is one of the greatest in the industry . " Her home music studio attests to that . The walls are covered with gold and platinum records for her work with several high-profile artists including Alicia Keys , * NSYNC , Mariah Carey and Whitney Houston . Being part of a girl group helped prepare her for the drama of dealing with the other housewives ' personalities , Burruss said , though she admitted clashing with outspoken cast mate NeNe Leakes during filming . "  I was a fan of hers last year , " Burruss said . "  All that wild and crazy stuff she says to people , when you 're watching it , it 's funny , it 's hilarious ... but when it 's directed at you , it 's not funny anymore . " Burruss got along better with aspiring singer Kim Zolciak , who Burruss will assist in achieving her dream of breaking into the industry . Last season , fans of the show -- and some of the other housewives -- slammed Zolciak for her less-than-stellar voice . "  Everybody loves to hate on Kim . But what I have to say is that Kim is actually cooler in person than she came off on the show , " said Burruss , who in 1999 won top songwriter of the year from the American Society of Composers , Authors and Publishers . "  I wanted to help her out because I love helping the underdog . " The busy artist said she has no idea if she will be invited back for another season . Appearing on the show , which Burruss said is not scripted , was fun , but she is busy with an upcoming album and with caring for her daughter , Riley , she said . She doubts she will be addicted to appearing on reality TV like she is addicted to music , Burruss said . "  It 's just another way for people to get to know you and hopefully they see me in a good light , " she said . "  You always hope that it does n't backfire . "	Kandi Burruss is the newest member of Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Atlanta " An accomplished singer/songwriter/producer , she was a fan last season Burruss confirms she and cast mate NeNe Leakes did n't get along The single mother hopes fans will see her in "  a good light "
Was he a suspect or a victim ? A Florida sheriff says an unarmed man -- mistaken for a car thief and shot by deputies in his own driveway -- is both . He refused to obey commands and lunged at the deputies who fired their weapons 15 times to subdue him , they say . Roy Middleton , 60 , was hit by two of those rounds in his legs . He is in good condition at a Pensacola hospital after a metal rod was placed inside his shattered left leg . "  The tragedy of this is the noncompliance to the directions of law enforcement officers , " said Sheriff David Morgan of Escambia County , Florida . "  Had that occurred we would n't be having this discussion . It 's a tragedy all the way around . He is both a suspect and a victim . " ` Like a firing squad ' The bizarre story started Saturday around 2:30 a.m. as Middleton was returning home . Searching for a cigarette inside his White Lincoln Town Car , he appears to have been mistaken for a car thief by a concerned neighbor who called 911 . Escambia County Sheriff 's Deputy Jeremiah Meeks and Sgt. Matthew White responded to the call . This is where the story takes a fork in the road . Middleton 's family said he was not feeling well enough to discuss what happened to him . But earlier this week , he told the Pensacola News Journal that he first thought someone was joking when they yelled at him to , "  Get your hands where I can see them . " He said that as he was turning around to face deputies with his hands raised , they opened fire . "  It was like a firing squad . Bullets were flying everywhere , " he told the News Journal . Deputies feared for their lives But the deputies involved told a different story . Meeks fired 12 shots and White fired three times , authorities said . They are now on paid administrative leave . Five of the bullets hit the White Town car , which was parked under a carport in a dark area of the property . The deputies were in fear for their own safety , according to the sheriff . "  He came out of the car with more of a lunging motion coming out of the car , and the deputies were standing behind him and he had what appeared to be a metallic object in his hand , " Sheriff David Morgan said . Not buying it But Middleton 's family does n't believe that story . His mother , Ceola Walker , 77 , told CNN that her son was holding his car keys with a small flashlight on the key chain . She does not believe he lunged at deputies . "  I do n't believe that . He said he did n't . I do n't believe that , " she said . She says her son is incredibly lucky . "  They could have hit his upper body , but they did n't ... God just shielded him . I know he did , cause they was trying to kill him , " she said . Andre Lauzon , who lives next door and witnessed the incident , said it lasted less than 30 seconds . Deafening gunfire He was out smoking a cigarette on his front lawn when the deputies arrived , he said . His view was obscured by darkness , and at one point he lost sight of Middleton . But the sound of gunfire , he said , was deafening . "  I 'm very surprised that all they did was hit him in the leg , " he said . Timeline , lab analysis Lauzon says his neighbor may have had trouble getting down to the ground because he was standing between his car and the wall of the carport . "  I do n't have any doubt -- even not being able to see what was going on -- that he was complying with them , " he told CNN . " Maybe not in the time frame that the officer was looking for -- but it seemed he was complying . " The Florida Department of Law Enforcement has taken over the investigation at the request of the Sheriff 's Office . "  FDLE investigators are developing a timeline and conducting interviews and crime laboratory scientists are conducting lab analysis , " Gretl Plessinger , a spokeswoman for the agency , said in a statement . "  Once our investigation is complete , FDLE will provide the case to the state attorney 's office . The state attorney will determine whether or not any laws were broken . Walker said her son takes pain medication for a bad back . The investigation will determine whether that played a role in the incident . "  The message to the public is this was a tragedy , " Morgan said . "  And it was a tragedy because we had an individual , a citizen , who for whatever reason , either impairment due to alcohol or drugs , or just taking it upon himself not to be compliant to following basic direct orders . " But his mother disputes the sheriff 's theory that her son was a suspect and a victim at the same time . "  How can you be a suspect and a victim at your own house ? In your own yard , in your own car ? " Walker asked . Appeals court : No immunity from lawsuit for ex-transit officer who killed Oscar Grant	They fire at him , and two rounds hit his legs Sheriff says Roy Middleton is both a suspect and a victim He is in good condition at a Pensacola hospital
CNN  -- Former NFL star Darren Sharper and a friend told other people that they had sex with two women in a New Orleans apartment in September without "  their knowledge or permission , " an application for an arrest warrant that was released Thursday revealed . Sharper is jailed in Los Angeles , where he faces similar accusations , and is scheduled to attend an extradition hearing on Friday . Prosecutors in New Orleans intend to charge Sharper , 38 , and Erik Nunez , 26 , on two counts of aggravated rape . If convicted , the two men face a possible sentence of life in prison without parole . Sharper turned himself into Los Angeles authorities last week . His attorneys said after he pleaded not guilty to rape charges in Los Angeles that he maintains that any sex he had with any of his accusers was consensual . The application for the arrest warrant said New Orleans detectives interviewed two women who said they were raped on September 23 . The two accusers told police they were so impaired that they do n't recall "  the entirety of the sexual intercourse , " and that they never agreed to have sex . The document describes how a friend came to the apartment and saw Sharper in his underwear and Nunez exiting Sharper 's bedroom in just his boxer shorts . Police said through further investigation they found other witness who told them Sharper and Nunez admitted to sexual acts without the women 's permission or knowledge . Nunez turned himself in to the Orleans Parish district attorney 's office on February 28 . The alleged rapes in California occurred in October and last month , authorities said . Prosecutors have said the five-time Pro Bowl player , who was recently fired as an NFL Network analyst , is also under investigation in Arizona , Florida and Nevada . No charges have been filed in those cases . In addition , a Florida woman last month filed a sexual battery complaint in Miami Beach against Sharper relating to a 2012 incident , a police report said . According to the report , the woman was with two friends at a Miami Beach club in September or October 2012 when she met Sharper . The woman , her friends and another person went to Sharper 's condo , where the woman claims the battery took place . Miami Beach police are investigating the case , Miami Beach Detective Vivian Hernandez said last month . Sharper played for the Green Bay Packers , Minnesota Vikings and New Orleans Saints from 1997 through the 2010 season . CNN 's Tory Dunnan contributed to this story .	Darren Sharper was a five-time all-star in the NFL until he retired in 2010 His attorneys have said any sex he had with his accusers was consensual He 's charged with two rapes in California , accused of two others in New Orleans A second suspect in Louisiana turned himself in last week
Washington  CNN  -- The biggest worry -- and potential opportunity -- for President Barack Obama and his fellow Democrats this midterm election year came into full focus this past week , and it had nothing to do with the latest Obamacare numbers or newly released White House emails about Benghazi . Sure , those issues matter now and will undoubtedly factor into the final six months of Campaign 2014 . But to borrow a line from Campaign 1992 , "  It 's the economy , stupid . " That slogan was the most important wall hanging in the Little Rock headquarters of the Bill Clinton presidential campaign , the strategic imperative strategists James Carville and Paul Begala imposed on a campaign that often , especially early on , seemed to be careening into questions of character and credibility . Fast forward 22 years , and a variation of "  It 's the economy , stupid " is what the White House and vulnerable Democrats on the 2014 ballot had hoped would be their best weapon against GOP attacks -- and against the history of midterm elections . And it is the economy -- and voter perception of the economy -- that is making it so difficult for Obama to improve his political standing . There are numbers to support the Democratic case that things are better -- especially when compared to the deep recession Obama inherited in January 2009 . Just Friday , the Labor Department reported the April 2014 unemployment rate to be 6.3 % -- down from 6.7 % in March and the lowest jobless rate since September 2008 . More context -- and ammunition for the White House case that the trajectory of the economy is now strong : April 's unemployment rate is down from 7.5 % a year ago , and from 9 % in April 2009 , a few months into the Obama presidency . Helping push the rate down : the economy added 288,000 jobs last month -- the best month-to-month gain in more than two years . During a news conference with German Chancellor Angela Merkel on Friday , Obama highlighted April 's growth in jobs and gave the American people credit for their "  grit and determination " for the economic rebound . Add in this : the Dow closed Thursday at 16,558 , a tad off a record high hit Wednesday . That 's more than double the April 30 , 2009 , close : 8,168 . Now , in the political debate over the economy , the question is this : will Americans process the drop in the jobless rate and a strong monthly jobs number as proof the recovery has deep roots , or as just another month on the roller coaster ? The question is very real , in part because as Democrats try to focus on the "  good " data , there is consistent competition from less encouraging and , at times , quite discouraging numbers . Hiring is up in April , unemployment down The government on Wednesday , for example , reported that the economy stalled significantly in the first quarter of 2014 -- with the GDP increasing just 0.1 % . And even in Friday 's unemployment report there is fodder for the pessimists : the workforce shrunk by 806,000 people -- meaning there were fewer people actively looking for work . Plus , the number of long-term unemployed -- those without jobs for 27 weeks or longer -- stands at 3.5 million people . The liberal Economic Policy Institute attributed the decline of the unemployment rate in April "  entirely due to people dropping out of the labor force . " Its estimate of what EPI calls "  missing workers " -- people who are not working or actively seeking work -- is a record 6.2 million Americans . Count them , and the real unemployment rate would be 9.9 % . House Speaker John Boehner called the exodus from the workforce "  troubling " and said , "  we need more robust economic growth if we 're going to help the millions who remain unemployed get back on their feet . " Democratic Leader Nancy Pelosi said Republicans were in the way of creating more jobs and helping the long-term unemployed . "  The Republican approach shows nothing but contempt and disregard for working families , " Pelosi said in a statement . Here is what to watch between now and Election Day : * Will robust month to month job growth become the norm ? * Will the jobless rate fall to or below 6 % ? * And , perhaps most importantly in the political context , will voter sentiment about the economy shift in any significant way ? At the moment , that sentiment is negative -- and a major drag on the President 's political standing . Two national surveys this week offered sobering numbers on the "  right track/wrong track " question : The NBC/Wall Street Journal survey found 63 % of Americans believe the country is on the wrong track . An ABC/Washington Post poll put the "  wrong track " number at 66 percent . Political battle over jobs report In that ABC/Post survey , just 28 % of Americans described economic conditions as getting better . So more than seven in 10 Americans think the economy is treading water or getting worse . In the NBC/Wall Street Journal survey , 41 % of Americans said the economy had improved some and Obama deserved some credit . Seventeen percent said it had improved but that the President did n't deserve much credit . Forty-two percent said it had not really improved . GOP pollster Bill McInturff says history is clear on the question : "  Here is a rule that no President has been able to beat yet in an off-year election : high wrong track and weak economic confidence are crippling to the electoral prospects of the party that controls the presidency . " That economic pessimism is the source of considerable frustration at the White House . There , the parallel to 1992 is striking . Then -- a presidential year not a midterm -- the growth numbers were far more robust than now . But the pain of the early 1990s recession had left deep scars and the Bush political operation was unable to make a persuasive case things were on the upswing and that he deserved the credit . This time , in the off year , Democratic strategist Margie Omero says it is imperative that her party not let all the political blame fall on the President . "  I do n't see Republicans convincing people they have a plan for the economy that people like , or , frankly , that they have much of a plan for the economy at all , " Omero said . She also made the case -- and the polling data backs this up -- that the Republican brand is severely tainted at the moment , and that in most cases Democrats have an edge when voters are asked which party they trust more on economic fairness questions . "  That said , I think the constant fighting and inaction in Washington hurts both parties ' image , even if it generally hurts Republicans more , " Omero said . "  And Democrats have certainly lost elections before while still having the advantage on the issues . " The Democrats ' election-year strategy includes a focus on economic issues where the party believes it can draw sharp contrasts with Republicans , among them equal pay and an increase in the minimum wage . Working against the Democratic effort , however , or at least complicating it , is a voter crisis of confidence when it comes to political leadership . Recent Gallup polling is instructive on this question : * Just 42 % of Americans are confident about Obama 's economic prescriptions . "  Not surprisingly , given his low ratings on the economy , it is a drag on the overall approval rating , " the GOP 's McInturff said . * Only 35 % voice confidence about Democratic leaders in Congress on the economy . * And an anemic 24 % say they are confident Republican congressional leaders would do the right thing about the economy .	The Labor Department reported April unemployment at 6.3 % -- the lowest since September 2008 The numbers could support the Democratic case things are better than when Barack Obama took office The question is whether Americans will believe the recovery is sustainable or just a blip Struggles of the long-term unemployed , voter mistrust of political leadership might hurt Democrats
New York  CNN  -- Major League Baseball issued a policy Tuesday afternoon to protect players from discrimination and harassment based on their sexual orientation . MLB Commissioner Bud Selig and New York Attorney General Eric T. Schneiderman announced the new code of conduct at an All-Star game fan celebration at New York 's Javits Center . The policy aims to strengthen efforts to protect gay players . The code will be given to every Major League and Minor League player and posted in each locker room . "  The Great American pastime of baseball sends a message that no professional athlete , professional or amateur should have to sit on the sidelines or hide out of fear of being mistreated because of their sexual orientation , " said Schneiderman . "  I commend the commissioner and Major League Baseball for leading the charge for tolerance in professional sports . " The poster defines harassment and discrimination as slurs and insults , unwelcome physical contact and pornography on bulletin boards and locker rooms . The league will also put into effect a complaint system for reporting harassment and discrimination incidents . In addition , Selig 's office will organize training sessions for club and league officials and staff at industry meetings . The next meeting is scheduled for November . "  The new policy is not in response to any specific incident , " said Andrew Friedman , deputy communications director for Schneiderman . Baseball is n't the only sport addressing the issue of discrimination . In April , Schneiderman announced an agreement to reinforce anti-discrimination policies with the National Football League to "  promote a culture of inclusion " and help disseminate posters to all 32 teams in the league . The NFL 's policy came after earlier reports that indicated at least three prospective NFL players were asked about their sexual orientation during the league 's national recruitment Scouting Combine in February , according to a Schneiderman press release . According to one prospect , representatives of the NFL teams asked the athletes whether they had a girlfriend , were married or liked girls , according to the press release . The new NFL policy , implemented in April , dictates that questions during interviews and recruitment "  must not seek information concerning personal information based on a player 's sexual orientation , " according to the NFL workplace conduct poster . "  It 's been an ongoing conversation with clubs and players we 've met over the years to help shape our plan and policies , " said Brian McCarthy , vice president of corporate communications for the NFL . In the past , sports leagues have handled homophobia in different ways . In 2006 , MLB manager Ozzie Guillen referred to a reporter by a homophobic slur and was asked to issue an apology . In 2012 , Toronto Blue Jay 's short stop Yunel Escobar was suspended three games by Major League Baseball after wearing a homophobic slur on his eye black during a game . In June , Indiana Pacers player Roy Hibbert used the term "  no homo " during a press conference . Hibbert was fined $ 75,000 and issued an apology via Twitter to Jason Collins , who had recently become the NBA 's first openly gay athlete . Human rights organizations welcomed MLB 's move and its possible future impact . "  What we have been seeing is a greater move towards acceptance on the basis of sexual orientation , and we have seen the MLB showing leadership in this area , " said Michael Cole-Schwartz , director of media relations for the Human Rights Campaign . Changes in policy may be difficult to implement at first , especially for athletic organizations , but Cole-Schwartz believes that these changes will show benefit over time . "  It says to gay fans and any players that might be gay but not out yet that the league is taking their concerns seriously and that it is a safe environment in which to enjoy and play the sport , " said Cole-Schwartz .	Major League Baseball has new code of conduct It seeks end to discrimination over sexual orientation Posters will be placed in locker rooms
CNN  The third blood moon in a four-part series was the shortest eclipse of the bunch , but still a sweet treat for early risers in North America . The moon slipped fully into Earth 's shadow at 4:58 a.m. Pacific Time  7:58 a.m. ET  Saturday , starting a total lunar eclipse for nearly five minutes -- what NASA says will be the shortest such eclipse of the century . The celestial body took on a burnt-orange tint in the minutes before , during and after the total eclipse , giving the moon the appearance that earns total eclipses the "  blood moon " nickname . Watchers in the eastern half of North America caught only a partial eclipse -- and in some places , an orange one -- before the moon set below the horizon . The event started at 3:16 a.m. PT  6:16 a.m. ET  , when the moon began moving into Earth 's shadow . "  The lunar eclipse is looking good ! " tweeted Ryan Hoke , a meteorologist for CNN affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Kentucky , showing a picture of a reddish partial moon in a blue dawn sky . People from the U.S. West Coast to Australia were able to catch the total eclipse . Parts of South America , India , China and Russia were able to see at least parts of the event , but it was n't visible in Greenland , Iceland , Europe , Africa or the Middle East . A lunar eclipse happens when the sun , Earth and moon form a straight line in space , with the Earth smack in the middle . The sun shines on the Earth and creates a shadow . As the moon moves deeper into that shadow , it appears to turn dark and may even appear to be a reddish color . Why red ? Because Earth 's atmosphere is filtering out most of the blue light . NASA says lunar eclipses typically happen at least twice a year , but this eclipse is the third in a series of four in a row , known as a "  tetrad . " The first was April 15 , 2014 , and the second was October 23 , 2014 . The space agency predicts the next one will come September 28 . Did you see it ? Share your photos with CNN iReport .	The total eclipse lasted 4 minutes and 43 seconds People west of the Mississippi River had the best view in the U.S. Parts of South America , India , China and Russia were able to see the eclipse
CNN  A court in Turkey this week sentenced two cartoonists to 11 months and 20 days in prison for insulting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan . Soon after , the court changed the jail sentence to a fine of 7,000 Turkish lira or about $ 2,700 each . Cartoonists Bahadir Baruter and Ozer Aydogan draw for the weekly satirical magazine Penguen . Founded in 2002 with a weekly average of 65,000 readers , the irreverent comic book -- similar in many ways to the French magazine Charlie Hebdo -- regularly skewers Turkish politicians . A defamation suit was filed against an August cover of Penguen in which a cartoon figure of Erdogan is welcomed to the presidential palace by a public servant . Erdogan tells him , "  But this is so dry . We could have at least slaughtered a journalist . " In a statement to the press , the Penguen team explained that a citizen who described himself as an Erdogan supporter "  sent an email to the Prime Ministry Information Center . ... According to the notice , the employee  in the cartoon  ` made the gay signal with his fingers . ' " Turkey 's public prosecutor eventually launched an investigation , claiming that both the speech bubbles and the "  hand drawing " insulted Erdogan . While the court ruled Wednesday in favor of Erdogan , a full-length explanation of the verdict will be released in a week to 10 days . It is so far unclear whether the judge ruled that the speech bubbles or the "  gay hand gesture " or both were an insult . The ruling comes amid an increase in criminal cases lodged against journalists , students and public figures for "  defamation against a public officer . " In 2014 , Turkey was ranked one of the world 's worst jailers of journalists by the media watchdog group Reporters Without Borders and its press status "  not free " by Freedom House . The Council of Europe 's commissioner for human rights , Nils Muinieks , expressed his concern about the ruling against Penguen as well as the surge in criminal cases against people accused of insulting Erdogan . "  This sentence is misguided and , along with a pattern of criminal prosecutions , sends a chilling message to media professionals and all those who want to exercise their right to free expression , " Muinieks said . Ann Harrison of freedom of press advocacy group PEN International told CNN , "  We have long called for decriminalization of defamation , particularly of state officials , as to criminalize criticism of authorities severely stifles reporting and public debate . " Harrison noted that special mandates from the United Nations , Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe and Organization of American States have called for the abolishment of criminal defamation laws . Penguen announced it will appeal the decision . The magazine also defiantly released a new cartoon mocking the case . "  We will continue drawing our cartoons , " Penguen announced in a statement . "  We hope this case will be the last example of the intimidation effort on free thought . "	Court fines two cartoonists for insulting Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan Weekly satirical magazine Penguen says it will appeal the decision Press advocates express concern about criminal defamation laws in Turkey
CNN  -- Brent Larson and his bride , Ona , look like an ad for their Antigua resort , glowing , in love and sun-kissed in paradise . The picture does n't tell the whole story . Larson , a CNN iReporter , said the resort had no record of the couple 's reservation for the honeymoon suite , leaving them half-asleep in the lobby until the middle of the night . The private beach ? Not so private , with wandering drug dealers who did n't take kindly to the U.S. Naval Academy graduate and his wife declining their products . "  The Antigua pics being quite different than the story was an accident , " said Larson of Charlotte , North Carolina . "  I wish I had pics of the  possibly human  bone fragment  I found on the beach  , the cop giving me a hard time when I reported it , the massive storm that flooded St. John 's and stranded me there for three hours while my wife thought I 'd been kidnapped for ransom , and on and on . " It might have been the vacation from hell , but it seems that any trip can be turned into a great tale with amazing pictures . Inspired by the true stories behind picture-perfect photos , we asked CNN 's iReporters to share their dream vacation photos and the real stories behind them . Almost everyone had amazing and sometimes horrifying stories that the camera did n't catch . 10 budget friendly all-inclusive resorts They did n't let illness ruin their trip Donna Henderson , another iReporter , had hoped for lovely times with her mother during a three-week vacation through Iceland , Scotland , France , the Netherlands and Italy . Her aunt joined them for part of the trip . It did n't go as planned . Less than a week after they arrived , her mother got a cough that turned into a viral chest infection . A few days later , her aunt had a heart attack . Henderson started to feel sick the next day and visited a hospital emergency room just to make sure she was OK . The special night out she planned for her mother 's birthday , including a dinner cruise down the Seine River ? They did n't make it . Despite their illnesses , Henderson does n't dwell on the negative aspects of the trip when she looks through her pictures . "  One of the best things for me was to spend about a week and a half with my aunt and get to know her from the perspective of an adult , " wrote Henderson , an Ottawa , Canada resident , in an e-mail . "  The trip to the Jokulsarlon glacier lagoon  in Iceland  was amazing and worth the entire 13.5 hours it took us , as we did it as a day trip , " she wrote . "  My mum , who was born in Scotland , had always wanted to see Fingal 's Cave and was finally able to do so . That was good for her to see it and for me to be the one to take her . " Five beautiful bike trips Attack of the killer sand flies Adam Parker , an iReporter from Decatur , Georgia , loves to take pictures and was immediately drawn toward Barbuda , "  a little jewel of an island where we could have some scenic solitude " for his honeymoon . The happy couple knew that they would n't have air conditioning , which would n't have been a problem if sand fly season had n't started earlier than usual . "  My wife would like me to clarify that we did n't just itch a little from bugs , " he added . "  We actually spent most nights getting to sleep with her on the couch and me in the other room because we fell asleep whenever we became too exhausted to stay awake . " The highlight of the trip ? Visiting the island 's only hospital in search of relief from the itching . "  The hospital was an old , barely staffed facility in which half of the equipment used was outdated and/or rusted , " he wrote . "  She chose to take antihistamine in pill form as opposed to getting a shot because we could n't help but question the sterility of the environment . " He said , "  Now almost exactly a year later the memory of the biting pests has faded for me , not so much for my wife , and we are left with pictures that would make it hard to believe that we were treated to anything less than paradise during our first week of marriage . " Time does n't blur the memories While photos usually gloss over the back story , they 're great for calling up those cherished , if not picture-perfect , family memories . Seattle iReporter Jim McClure and his wife recently scanned a collection of family camping trip photos from 20 years ago to create photo books for their grown children , now 24 and 28 . Looking through pictures of the Canadian and Colorado Rockies , the Badlands , the Oregon and Washington coasts and the San Juan Islands sparked many memories not documented in the collection . McClure can clearly remember his daughter , "  at age 5 sitting , arms folded and crying because she was having difficulty setting up her tent , or the moose that would n't let me out of the campground shower building for several minutes . " "  My son and daughter set up and slept in their own tents , starting at a very young age . Everyone pitched in , from gathering fire wood to preparing meals to cleaning up . We were lucky to see and experience many wonderful things . We all remember our meals , some of the best food  ever  cooked over the fire . " The photo books were a hit with his kids during a recent family celebration . "  They were completely surprised , " he wrote . "  The day 's celebrations basically stopped while they slowly flipped through the books . " McClure said he 's also grateful that his 90-year-old father is dedicated to reviewing and scanning his collection of photos that date back to McClure 's great-grandparents ' days . "  Every image tells a story , some short -- some longer , " he wrote . "  It 's not uncommon for an e-mail trail to go on for weeks , becoming pages long , containing the discussions these images conjure up from the recipients . " The pictures offer some perspective iReporter Jim Heston was taking a day trip to Dala , across the Yangon River in Myanmar , when the skies decided to open up . As Heston ducked into a small shelter along the river to stay dry , children began to play in the rain , and an amazing photo opportunity presented itself . "  In the tropics , the people deal with the rain as a minor inconvenience , and do n't let it hinder their mobility , " he wrote . "  From the vantage point of the shelter , I was able to snap off pictures of people coming and going through the intersection . " He added , "  I made it to one more vantage point , an open restaurant near the ferry drop-off . This was a very vibrant spot as people arriving from the Yangon side , were on their way home . They were n't concerned about being drenched as they were getting close to home . " One man 's washout is another 's photo opp . And the rest of the world just goes about its business . Do you obsessively document your travels or leave your cameras and phones behind to experience your vacation without any technology ? How have smartphones , Facebook and other social media affected how you take pictures on vacation ? Please share with us in the comments below .	Any trip can be turned into a great tale with amazing pictures Photos remind one iReporter of the good times she spent with family , not everyone 's illnesses Visiting a hospital for relief from itching was the highlight of one couple 's honeymoon Father can remember his now-grown children playing and bickering during camping trips
The Supreme Court 's decision Thursday to uphold the Affordable Care Act means that the predictions about how it will affect Americans remain in place . Obama : Supreme Court ruling on health care a victory for all Americans The court did rule that a part of the law involving Medicaid must change . The law calls for an expansion of eligibility for Medicaid , which involves spending by the federal government and the states . The law threatens to remove existing Medicaid funding from states that do n't participate in the expansion . The high court said the government must remove that threat . Several groups that follow the health care law closely said they were concerned about the high court 's ruling on the Medicaid portion of the law . Read the court ruling  . PDF Here are some highlights : The uninsured The decision leaves in place the so-called individual mandate -- the requirement on Americans to have or buy health insurance beginning in 2014 or face a penalty -- although many are exempt from that provision . In 2014 , the penalty will be $ 285 per family or 1 % of income , whichever is greater . By 2016 , it goes up to $ 2,085 per family or 2.5 % of income . Health care exchanges , which are designed to offer cheaper health care plans , remain in place as well . American Cancer Society CEO John Seffrin said his organization was looking at the ruling on Medicaid , and is "  concerned that the decision may limit the expansion of quality coverage to some of our nation 's most vulnerable citizens . " The group Health Care for America Now , which spent tens of millions of dollars on ads supporting the health care plan , said it was "  disappointed " and will work to make sure no states "  choose to exclude the lowest-income uninsured adults from their Medicaid programs . " Medicaid Health Plans of America , the trade group representing Medicaid health plans , praised the court "  for keeping in place key elements of this historic legislation " and said it remains "  committed to a strong partnership with the states and CMS  Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services  to find a way to cover this population in need . " Rep. Phil Gingrey , R-Georgia , a physician who staunchly opposed the health care law , told CNN he believes many who would have received Medicaid will now enter the health care exchanges , which offer subsidized plans . That , he argued , could cost taxpayers billions of dollars across the country . Breaking down the court 's decision The insured Because the requirement remains for people to have or buy insurance , the revenue stream designed to help pay for the law remains in place . So insured Americans may be avoiding a spike in premiums that could have resulted if the high court had tossed out the individual mandate but left other requirements on insurers in place . Young adults Millions of young adults up to age 26 who have gained health insurance due to the law will be able to keep it . The law requires insurers to cover the children of those they insure up to age 26 . About 2.5 million young adults from age 19 to 25 obtained health coverage as a result of the Affordable Care Act , according to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . Two of the nation 's largest insurers , United Healthcare and Humana , recently announced they would voluntarily maintain some aspects of health care reform , including coverage of adult dependents up to age 26 , even if the law was scrapped . People with pre-existing conditions Since the law remains in place , the requirement that insurers cover people with pre-existing medical conditions remains active . The law also established that children under the age of 19 could no longer have limited benefits or be denied benefits because they had a pre-existing condition . Starting in 2014 , the law makes it illegal for any health insurance plan to use pre-existing conditions to exclude , limit or set unrealistic rates on coverage . It also established national high-risk pools that people with such conditions could join sooner to get health insurance . As of April , a total of only about 67,000 people were enrolled in federally-funded pools established by the health care law , according to the National Conference of State Legislatures . More than 13 million American non-elderly adults have been denied insurance specifically because of their medical conditions , according to the Commonwealth Fund . The Kaiser Family Foundation says 21 % of people who apply for health insurance on their own get turned down , are charged a higher price , or offered a plan that excludes coverage for their pre-existing condition . Photos : Who is John Roberts ? All taxpayers No matter what the Supreme Court had decided , it would have been a mixed bag for all Americans when it comes to federal spending . There is heated dispute over what impact the health care law will have on the country over the long term . The federal government is set to spend more than $ 1 trillion over the next decade to subsidize coverage and expand eligibility for Medicaid . It is not immediately clear how the high court 's ruling on the part of the law dealing with the expansion of Medicaid eligibility could affect spending . The nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office estimated that the law could reduce deficits modestly in the first 10 years and then much more significantly in the second decade . The CBO said a repeal of the mandate could reduce deficits by $ 282 billion over 10 years , because the government would be subsidizing insurance for fewer people . But the nation faces costs in various ways for having people who are uninsured . The Urban Institute 's Health Policy Center estimated that without a mandate , 40 million Americans would remain uninsured . Meanwhile , the Flexible Spending Accounts that millions of Americans use to save money tax-free for medical expenses will be sliced under the law . FSAs often allow people to put aside up to $ 5,000 pre-tax ; as of 2013 , they were to face an annual limit of $ 2,500 . Opinion : Are voters ready to move on ? Small business owners The rules and benefits small business owners face as a result of the health care law remain in place . As CNN has chronicled , the law brought a mix of both . The director of the National Federation of Independent Business is one of the plaintiffs who pushed the court to strike down the law . Meanwhile , a group called Small Business Majority fought to protect the law , saying its loss could be a nightmare . As of 2014 , under the law , small firms with more than 50 full-time employees would have to provide coverage or face expensive fines . All Americans , in lesser known ways The massive health care law requires doctors to report goodies they get from medical supply companies ; demands more breastfeeding rooms ; requires all chain restaurants to list calories under every menu item , and includes numerous other provisions , which now remain in place . Doctors and other health care providers Health care providers have already begun making changes based on the 2010 law , and in preparation for what will go into effect in 2014 . Those plans continue . In the short term , doctors avoid "  chaos " that may have resulted from the law suddenly being dropped or changed , according to Bob Doherty , senior vice president of governmental affairs at the American College of Physicians , who wrote a blog post on the website kevinmd.com this spring . Medical groups have disagreed over the law . How the Supreme Court Justices voted Opinion : A health care victory that 's only a start Ruling plays into campaign narrative for both sides	Groups express concerns about the Medicaid ruling The requirement to have health insurance by 2014 remains in place Insurance companies must cover people with pre-existing conditions Small business owners and medical groups disagree over the impacts of the law
The tour bus bounces along one of North Korea 's potholed roads , pop music blasting out over the speakers . It 's a catchy tune and even though none of the tourists can understand the lyrics , a few are tapping their feet to the beat . The hit song , "  Without a Break , " is by Moranbong , by far North Korea 's most popular band . The driver is clearly a fan and plays the DVD several times a day . Most tourists are busy looking out the window and pay little attention to the video screened at the front of the bus . They do n't notice the nuclear missile being launched behind the all-girl band , nor do they see it smash into our little blue planet , blowing up the Earth . " ` Without a Break ' is about the nuclear destruction of the U.S. , " says Australian Mark Freeman , who has visited North Korea four times . "  Tourists dance to it because they do n't know the lyrics , they do n't know what the song is about . " Travel to North Korea raises a number of sticky issues , not least of all the ethical issue of supporting a repressive regime . For those who opt to go , it 's an opportunity to glimpse one of the most isolated , unfathomable and feared countries in the world . "  There have been about 6,000 Western tourists this year -- that 's a tenfold increase on a decade ago , " says Koryo Tours general manager Simon Cockerell . But when you sign up to visit the DPRK you have to play by their rules . There are strict guidelines in place about what you can and can not do . Break with the protocol -- or even be suspected of it -- and not just you but the rest of your group will be sent back early . Or worse , as U.S. military veteran Merrill Newman discovered . According to his family , the Palo Alto , California , resident had gone on a 10-day organized private tour of North Korea in October . From phone calls and postcards he sent , the trip was going well and there was no indication of any kind of problem , son Jeff Newman said . The day before he was to leave , "  one or two Korean authorities " met with Newman and his tour guide , the son added . They talked about Newman 's service record , which left "  my dad ... a bit bothered , " according to Jeff Newman . Then , just minutes before his Beijing-bound plane was set to depart Pyongyang in late October , he was taken off the aircraft by North Korean authorities . More : U.S. ` deeply concerned ' about citizens held in North Korea , including Newman Getting into North Korea Unless you 're invited as part of a business delegation , the only way to visit North Korea is by joining a tour . Depending on the number of tourists and whether or not it includes Americans , two to three trained guides-cum-minders accompany each group . Aside from the hotels where tourists can roam freely between their room , the bar and the restaurant , a guide accompanies visitors at all times . The guides are friendly and accommodating . They go out of their way to keep their charges happy -- singing songs and ensuring there is plenty to eat and drink . The lavish meals , with a big spread put out for every meal , is all part of the package . The DPRK wants Westerners to return home raving about how much they were given to eat . American Kent Rutter , a lawyer , has visited North Korea twice and says he liked the guides and asked plenty of questions , but was frustrated when he did n't get a straight answer . "  Their job was to tell us whatever the government wanted us to hear , even if it contradicted what we could see from the bus window , " he says . More : Touring North Korea : What 's real , what 's fake ? Florian Seidel , a German localization expert for a computer game company in Japan , says he got a lot more out of his second trip to North Korea because he had a better grasp of what was going on . He did some research -- mostly online , reading blogs and scouring Google Earth images -- ahead of his second visit to the remote North East of the country and was wise on what to look out for in the region . "  Do n't worry about being lied to , worry about not getting the interesting information , " says Seidel . "  Guides repeat certain random things a dozen times , but when you drive right past the entrance to a concentration camp they wo n't tell you . " If you do n't want to bow , stay home A key aspect of any trip to North Korea is the need to show reverence for past and present leaders . This means not only referring to them with respect , but also bowing in front of the statues of Kim Il Sung and Kim Jong Il . Pyongyang has a number of statues , so this can mean laying flowers and bowing several times on a week-long trip . For those traveling around the country , there 's a Kim Il Sung statue in every city . Koryo Tours , the longest running and most specialized travel company for the DPRK , advises tourists in their briefing notes that they will be expected to bow in front of the statues and warns : "  If you are not willing to behave at some points as expected by the local customs then we recommend you do not visit the DPRK , the potential for offense to be taken by the hosts which then adversely affects the tour is too great . " German tourist Seidel did n't enjoy the obligatory bowing but understood that it was a necessary part of being allowed to visit . "  I felt like an atheist during Holy Mass -- I could n't relate , but I played along to avoid offending anybody , " he says . Repeat visitors to the DPRK quickly realize that the best way to get the most out of a trip is to stick to the rules . There 's little point grilling the guides about politics or gulags because you wo n't get a straight answer . Every tour is a carefully choreographed affair , designed to show the country in its best light , but much can gleaned on the drive between approved tourists sites . It 's especially interesting when unexpected events force a sudden change of plan . Australian tourist Freeman was on a tour of the north east when road works meant the bus had to take a side road through an old village . "  The guides got very flustered because all of a sudden they could n't use the road they knew was safe for us to travel , " says Freeman . "  They even got off the bus and tried to reason with the construction guys , they were incredibly nervous . " More : Behind the veil : Rare look at life in North Korea He compares a tour of the DPRK to the film "  The Matrix . " The occasional glitches in the tour , say when the bus breaks down and is forced to make an impromptu stop , are like the scene in the film when the cat walks through twice -- a crack in the Matrix . So long as you do n't break the rules -- disrespect the leaders , wander off on your own , try to speak to the locals without permission -- then North Korea is a very safe place to visit . Haydon Howlett , a New Zealand tourist who visited Pyonyang for the first time this summer , says it 's one of the safest places he 's ever visited . "  There are n't many countries where you can leave your bag loaded with cash , cameras and passports and know that it 'll be there when you return , " says Howlett . Travel blogger Earl weighed up the pros and cons of visiting on his site , www.wanderingearl.com . The reasons for not going were fairly convincing : money from the tour would support the regime and it 's repressive policies ; foreigners are used as propaganda tools by the North Korean government by presenting tourists as people who come to pay their respects to the regime and leaders ; it would be a controlled and limited experience ; and there would be little interaction with North Koreans . But in the end he decided to go and did n't regret his decision . "  I still believe that the benefits of traveling to North Korea do indeed outweigh the negatives , " he wrote on his blog . It 's quite possible to visit North Korea and buy into the vision of the country that 's offered , without question . Many do . Freeman was stunned by two young Australian women who announced at the end of their week-long tour that they were going to tell everyone back home that North Korea was nothing like what the media portrays . "  They were so nave , " says Freeman . Had they forgotten that there are 300,000 plus people who are going to die in concentration camps ? They are n't called Death Camps because people are executed there , they are called Death Camps because you stay there until you die . " More : Gallery : Unseen face of Pyongyang	About 6,000 Western tourists have visited North Korea this year , says North Korea travel company Koryo Tours North Korea visitors are given a strict set of guidelines to follow Outside the hotel , a guide accompanies visitors at all times and every tour is a carefully choreographed affair
Sanford , Florida  CNN  -- George Zimmerman was booked into jail Sunday after surrendering to authorities before an afternoon deadline , the Seminole County sheriff said . Zimmerman met two members of the sheriff 's office in a business parking lot about 1:25 p.m. Sunday and was taken into custody , Sheriff Donald Eslinger told reporters . Zimmerman was required to return to central Florida and turn himself in after a judge revoked his bail Friday , saying Zimmerman misled the court about his finances . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , is accused of shooting unarmed teenager Trayvon Martin in a gated community in Sanford in February . Zimmerman argues he acted in self-defense . Police : Martin 's death ` ultimately avoidable ' Eslinger said Zimmerman , who will be housed in administrative confinement at Seminole County 's John E. Polk Correctional Facility , was "  quiet and cooperative . " He was being held on a no-bail status , the sheriff 's office said . Video from the jail showed Zimmerman exiting a white minivan , wearing handcuffs , jeans and a long-sleeve shirt , escorted by authorities . Zimmerman 's cell is designed to hold two inmates and is about 67 square feet , the sheriff 's office said . It is equipped with two beds and a toilet . Inmates are not provided access to televisions , authorities said . It was not clear from the sheriff 's office whether another inmate would be in the cell with Zimmerman . After being booked , Zimmerman will be given an opportunity to purchase items at the commissary . His balance in the commissary account , posted on the sheriff 's web site , was $ 500 . "  While out on bond , Mr. Zimmerman has been living in a secure , undisclosed location as there are significant threats against his life , " his attorneys said Sunday on the official website for his defense . Documents shed light on Florida killing Asked how his client spent the weekend , attorney Mark O'Mara told reporters , "  travel . " He said Zimmerman was worried about coming out of hiding , "  but I think he also realizes the judge 's concerns . " O'Mara said he will be filing a motion Monday asking Seminole County Judge Kenneth Lester Jr. for a new bond hearing to revisit Zimmerman 's status and allow the defense to "  explain why what happened seems to have happened . " Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder in the case that sparked anger across the country . Martin 's family contends that Zimmerman racially profiled the 17-year-old who was walking home from a convenience store . Martin was black ; Zimmerman his white Hispanic . His family has said Zimmerman did not act out of racial bias . Opinion : Trayvon Martin shooting was n't a case of racial profiling Lester ordered Zimmerman back to jail , saying the 28-year-old was not truthful about how much money he had access to when he was freed on bond in April . Lester 's ruling on Friday followed allegations by prosecutors that Zimmerman had $ 135,000 . At the time , his wife told the court under oath that the family was indigent . Zimmerman 's attorneys said they will request a new bond hearing to address the issue . "  The defense team hopes that Mr. Zimmerman 's voluntary surrender to Sanford police will help demonstrate to the court that he is not a flight risk . Furthermore , the vast majority of the funds in question are in an independently managed trust " which Zimmerman and his attorneys can not access directly , the statement on his defense website said . Asked about the possibility that Zimmerman 's wife could be charged with perjury , O'Mara said that statement was out of his control . He said his client is worried about himself , his wife and his family -- everyone who had to go into hiding because of the "  enormous anger and hatred " the case has generated . Zimmerman 's trial is not "  anticipated " to commence until some time in 2013 , the defense statement said , and the next bond hearing will determine whether he waits "  those many months in jail or not . " Zimmerman was charged in April after the case was referred to a state attorney for a review . The money in question appears to have been donated to Zimmerman through a website he set up to help with a legal defense fund . Citing recorded jailhouse conversations between Zimmerman and his wife , prosecutors alleged the two spoke in code when discussing the money in a credit union account , according to a court documents filed Friday by State Attorney Angela B. Corey . HLN : Zimmerman wife talks publicly for the first time In light of that , Lester revoked Zimmerman 's bond and ordered he turn himself in no later than Sunday afternoon . Zimmerman "  fully controlled and participated in the transfer of money from the PayPal account to defendant and his wife 's credit union accounts , " Corey said in court records . "  This occurred prior to the time defendant was arguing to the court that he was indigent and his wife had no money . " O'Mara said in April that the money raised by the website was put into a trust account that the attorney controls . But in court documents , Corey said the money still belongs to the defendant . The judge "  relied on false representations and statements " by Zimmerman and his wife when the court set his bond at $ 150,000 , Corey said . Zimmerman was required to post only 10 % of that amount . Corey argued that the court should revoke the bond or increase it . Lester appeared angry that the court had not been told about the money . "  Does your client get to sit there like a potted palm and let you lead me down the primrose path ? " he asked Zimmerman 's lawyer . "  That 's the issue . " Judge in Zimmerman case no ` soft touch ' O'Mara said he had discussed the judge 's decision with Zimmerman , who was not in court . "  He 's frustrated because he now has to come out of hiding , " O'Mara said in an interview with CNN . "  You need to realize we 're still talking about a 28-year-old who 's being charged with a crime he does not believe he committed , and his whole life has been turned upside down , so I think that it all needs to be kept in context . "	Man who shot Florida teen met authorities in a parking lot , sheriff says He 'd been in a "  secure , undisclosed location " amid "  significant threats against his life " A Florida judge set a Sunday afternoon deadline for George Zimmerman to surrender The judge revoked bail after a ruling that Zimmerman misled the court
CNN  -- "  Keep the government 's hands off my Medicare . " Those words -- quoted by so many TV talking heads -- never seem actually to have been spoken by anyone . It 's like that poodle in the microwave story : Everybody has a neighbor who heard it from his cousin . The town hallers were angry , but they were not crazy , and they were not stupid . They knew perfectly well that Medicare is provided by the government . They also knew that their government is proposing to change Medicare in ways they do not like . The health care reform plans backed by President Obama would cut hundreds of billions out of the the growth of Medicare spending over the next 10 years . More ominous for seniors than the dollar figure is the plan behind the number . The president wants to reduce spending on Medicare Advantage , the privately run plans that offer seniors a better deal than conventional Medicare . Over the longer term , the president aspires to shift Medicare patients to teams of health care providers paid by the year , instead of individual doctors charging fees for each particular service -- rather than by the particular medical service they perform . Meet new CNN contributor David Frum The changes the president has in mind wo n't kill Grandma . But they will change medicine in ways Grandma may find uncomfortable . Ten years from now , Grandma probably wo n't have a personal doctor . Her Medicare will cover less -- and cost more . Medicare was under pressure even before the election of Obama . The gap between the future revenues and future obligations of Medicare and Social Security is estimated by the Social Security trustees at some $ 45 trillion . How much is that ? Adjusting for inflation , it 's the cost of fighting World War II -- 10 times . Medicare is the single biggest spending commitment of the United States . As Obama stacks enormous new health care spending commitments atop the old , Medicare 's already bleak future grows dimmer still . Who wins as Medicare loses ? The short answer is : the uninsured . The president will use the money squeezed from Medicare to extend some form of coverage to the 35 million to 40 million people estimated to lack health insurance . And who are these people ? About one-quarter of them are foreign-born . Recent immigrants to the United States -- unlike the immigrations who arrived between World War II and 1970 -- have tended to be very low-skilled . Their labor is just not worth enough to their employers to support the high cost of an American health insurance plan : $ 13,000 a year , on average , for a family of four . So here 's how the world looks to a Medicare enrollee : Over the opposition of some 80 percent of the American people , your government allowed millions of poor newcomers to enter the country , many of them illegally .  Over the past 10 years , half of all immigrants to the United States have arrived illegally . These people cut the lawns of your more affluent neighbors , tended their babies , cleared their tables after their restaurant meals . If you were not so affluent , they reduced your wages and crowded your schools , highways and hospital emergency rooms . Now you are being told that your old age will be made less comfortable to accommodate them . Unsurprisingly , you do n't like it . The debate about immigration and health care has centered on whether immigrants who are here illegally might qualify for coverage under the Democrats ' reforms . Theoretically , they will not be eligible , but since Democrats have so far voted against enforcement measures , some illegal immigrants will no doubt slip through . But the debate over illegal immigrants is a proxy for something larger and more unsettling to older Americans . The problem is not illegal immigration , it is all low-skilled immigration , legal and illegal . By importing tens of millions of people who earn too little to pay for their own health insurance , we have made this supremely difficult social problem radically more difficult than it ever needed to be . With "  Obamacare , " the bill for four decades of permissive immigration has at last come due . Since the 1930s , the United States has run two different kinds of government social programs . One kind of program is sustained by contributions from the very same people who will benefit from the program in future : Social Security , unemployment insurance , workers ' compensation . These programs have never been controversial . The other kind of program taxes some for the benefit of others : Medicaid , social housing , the old welfare programs for the poor . These programs have always been intensely resented . Medicare was the first kind of program : social insurance . Obama 's public option will be the second kind of program : income transfer . That 's the explanation for the resistance the president is encountering . And it 's the emotion that explains the actual quote -- not the bogus quote -- we heard from so many town hall protesters this summer : "  Fix old . No new . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Town hallers know government wants to change Medicare in ways they do n't like , Frum says He says changes wo n't kill Grandma , but Medicare will cover less and cost more Changes will benefit the uninsured , some of whom ca n't pay for insurance , he says Frum : Resistance to Obama 's plan comes because it will be an income transfer program
CNN  -- As a Miami-area homicide detective , Marshall Frank has met some really bad people . Now retired , the 30-year law enforcement veteran reveals trade secrets about how he "  made friends " with criminals and coaxed them to confess . For example , take Paul Eugene Rowles -- a convicted murderer and sexual predator who died last year in a Florida prison . When he was with Metro-Dade Police in 1972 , Frank arrested Rowles for the strangling death of Rowles ' Miami neighbor , Linda Fida . Frank , who spoke with CNN by phone , described the handsome , 6-foot , blue-eyed Rowles as "  someone you trust right away , very pleasant to talk to , soft spoken , somebody you would n't think would be a dangerous killer . But these killers are the most dangerous of all . " For them , Frank said , killing is "  like an addiction , like heroin , and they 've got ta have that murder fix . " So , how did Frank get Rowles to confess ? "  I made friends with him , " he said matter-of-factly . "  It took half an hour . " But he did n't do it alone . "  I had another cop in the room with me , and we knew each other 's methods . The other detective just stayed quiet . He was there for support , but not to be a part of the interrogation . " Sitting close to Rowles with his knees almost touching him , Frank said he would lean toward him during the interrogation . "  I was really appearing to be interested in him , " Frank said . Then they started talking about how Rowles ' life , family , father and mother had all affected him and "  how that led to what he had just done . " And then Rowles began "  blathering the confession out , " Frank said . "  He started crying . " Although Rowles was sentenced to life in prison , he was paroled in 1985 . Nine years later Rowles was convicted of kidnapping and sexually assaulting a minor and sentenced to 19 years . In 2012 , DNA testing linked Rowles to the 1992 murder of 21-year-old Elizabeth Foster . Before Rowles died last year , police tried to interview him , without success , to determine if he was behind the disappearance of 20-year-old Tiffany Sessions in 1989 . After his death , investigators found a journal in Rowles ' cell with a note that read "  2/9/89 " -- the date Sessions disappeared . "  No. 2 " was scrawled on both sides of the notation . Police believe it 's an indication that Sessions was Rowles ' second victim . Read more about Rowles In 2003 , Frank played a very different role in another Florida murder case . While researching a crime novel , Frank began corresponding with James Duckett , a former police officer who was convicted and sentenced to death for the 1987 murder of an 11-year-old girl named Teresa McAbee . Duckett has been on death row for more than 25 years , as the appeals process plays out . Frank sat face-to-face with Duckett in a prison lunchroom , a conversation both men describe in CNN 's documentary series , "  Death Row Stories , " airing this Sunday at 9 p.m. ET . See more about Duckett and Frank Successfully interrogating suspects one-on-one , Frank said , requires patience . "  You ca n't come across as though you 're personally involved , " he said . "  You ca n't come across like you 're mad or angry or impatient or putting pressure on . Real jailhouse police questioning does n't happen the way it 's portrayed by Hollywood . According to Frank , the clich  , the two-cops-on-one-suspect scenario with angry , screaming interrogators is n't part of the real world . We 've broken down Frank 's method into three ideas : 1 . "  The most important thing is gaining their confidence , respect and cooperation . " Frank repeated his theme : "  I just kinda made friends . " 2 . "  At the beginning of the interrogation you do n't even go into what you 're there for . You wait five minutes . Wait 15 minutes , 30 minutes . There 's no hurry . What you want to do is get the person talking and feeling good about talking to you . " 3 . "  Eventually you just work your way into whatever the issue is . Next thing you know , someone 's just blathering a confession . Believe me that 's how it worked . " ' I just got a hunch ' During all his years on the force , Frank claims he never arrested the wrong person in a case . But he came close . Frank told a story about a case where he questioned a man whose aunt accused him of raping her . "  During the interrogation he was adamant that he did n't do it , " Frank recalled . "  Well of course a lot of guilty people are adamant that they did n't do it . But I just got a hunch  $ " something about the guy . So I started thinking , ` Maybe we ought to check this out further before we actually book him . ' We went back out on the streets , and we found the aunt again , and we polygraphed her . After polygraphing her , she admitted that she had told a lie . " Frank said it turned out the aunt had "  an ulterior motive about her wanting to have him arrested . " He then freed the suspect . The ` conveyor belt ' After three decades as a law enforcement officer , Frank has some opinions about America 's justice system . Public defender resources are overburdened , Frank said . Which sometimes contributes to less than fair circumstances . "  It 's really an uneven system to have people who can afford a good attorney and other people who can only afford public defenders , " Frank said . "  I asked a public defender once , ` How do you keep up with the caseload ? ' And he said , ` It 's like Lucille Ball and the conveyor belt : You just ca n't keep up with it . ' " A lot of public defenders are talented and would like to do a better job , Frank said . "  But they 're constrained by the enormous stresses and the pressures to keep up with their caseloads . The death penalty CNN 's "  Death Row Stories " draws back the curtain on how murder cases are investigated and prosecuted . It connects the judicial dots between the crimes , the evidence , the trial and the death chamber . Frank joked about his days as a "  hotshot detective , " when he used to favor the use of the death penalty in some cases . But in the years after his retirement in 1990 , Frank has turned a 180 on the issue . Now 73 , Frank has been writing crime novels , which require many hours of research . "  The death penalty is something I researched a lot about , " he said . "  How many times do we find people who 've had life sentences and 25 years later DNA proves them to be innocent ? Those same people could easily have been executed by now . I 'm sure that there have been people executed who are innocent . " That 's just not acceptable , he said . "  I 've realized that society ca n't sacrifice some innocent people once in a while just so it can get all the guilty ones . " Frank said society should consider alternative punishments for dangerous criminals . "  Because , basically , putting someone to death is murder , " Frank said . "  It 's intentional murder . Premeditated murder . Is n't it ? " Are overburdened defense attorneys breaking America 's justice system ? What do you think ? Tell us in the comments below . CNN 's Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report	Veteran Miami homicide detective opens up about interrogating suspects Retired detective Marshall Frank writes crime novels and holds seminars Since his detective days , Frank has changed his mind about the death penalty Frank describes how he elicited a confession from convicted killer Paul Eugene Rowles
If you 're tired of nagging your kids  or another member of your household  to brush their teeth , you have a new ally . A French company has introduced what they 're calling the world 's first connected electric toothbrush , which syncs wirelessly with a smartphone to track brushing habits , announce whether you , or your kids , have brushed thoroughly enough and reward you for good oral hygiene . For extra motivation , or shaming , the brush can share information with your social network or even your dentist . It 's called the Kolibree toothbrush , and it was unveiled this week at the International Consumer Electronics Show in Las Vegas , where some attendees asked if they could test prototypes on their pearly whites right there  for sanitary reasons , the answer was no  . The device will cost from $ 99 to $ 200 , depending on the model , and will be available for pre-order this summer through Kickstarter or another crowdfunding site . "  It works just like a regular toothbrush , " said Kolibree spokesperson Renee Blodgett in a phone interview . "  The only difference is that all the data is stored on your phone so you can see how you 're brushing . " Users download a mobile app and connect via Bluetooth , and the Kolibree documents every brushing via three sensors that record 1  how long you brush , 2  whether you brush all four quadrants of your mouth , and 3  whether you brush up and down  good  instead of just side to side  bad  . The data automatically syncs to your Android phone or iPhone , telling you whether you brushed long enough and reached all the crucial areas of your teeth and gums . The Kolibree app charts your progress and scores your brushing technique to encourage you , or your kids , to improve brushing habits . In this way , the device turns a mundane daily activity into a game , which its makers hope will engage people -- especially kids -- and encourage them to brush longer and more often . "  You create this incentive around brushing , " Blodgett said . The brushing data also will be available via an API to let third-party game designers develop new apps for the Kolibree system . The Kolibree toothbrush was invented by Thomas Serval , a French engineer and a leader in that country 's tech industry . He was inspired to design it after suspecting that his children were lying to him about whether they had brushed their teeth . It 's not the first "  smart " toothbrush on the market , however : The manual , $ 25 Beam Brush went on sale about a year ago . The Beam also connects to phones via Bluetooth and records brushing time , although unlike the Kolibree it can not track the brush 's movements in the mouth .	A French company has introduced what they 're calling the world 's first connected electric toothbrush The Kolibree can sync wirelessly with your smartphone to track your brushing habits Users download the mobile app , connect via Bluetooth and every brushing is recorded
Rio de Janeiro , Brazil  CNN  -- The death toll from flooding and mudslides in Brazil continued to climb Thursday , with official reports of at least 154 fatalities . Thousands of people have been left homeless , said the government-run Agencia Brasil news service . The Rio de Janeiro mayor 's office placed that figure at 5,000 . At least 161 people have been injured , the Rio de Janeiro state government said Thursday on its Web site . A record 11.3 inches  287 millimeters  of rain fell in Rio within 24 hours Tuesday , Mayor Eduardo Paes said , according to the news service . The downpour continued Wednesday . iReport : Share your photos , video , stories with CNN More than 30 homes were destroyed in a mudslide Wednesday in metropolitan Rio , Agencia Brasil said . About 200 people could be buried or trapped in the mud , emergency officials said . The cities of Niteroi and Sao Goncalo are among the hardest hit , with more than 80 dead and dozens missing , the news service said . CNN affiliate TV Record showed firefighters , military personnel and other rescuers using heavy machinery to dig for buried residents .	Death toll climbs to more than 150 ; thousands left homeless Mayor : Record-breaking 11.3 inches  288 millimeters  of rain fell in Rio Tuesday 200 could be trapped following another mudslide , Brazilian media reports
CNN  -- For Pieter-Jan Pieters , revenge has been both sweet and sonorous . When music schools refused to admit him because he could not read music , he went to a design school instead -- and invented a way to make melodies not only without sheet music , but without traditional instruments either . "  It feels good , " he says . "  I like playing music , I like doing design and now designing musical instruments and playing your own design -- it 's kind of the ultimate happiness . In the end everybody can just play music that wants to play music and not have to learn a complex code . " When Pieters enrolled at the Design Academy Eindhoven he began to play around with electronic sensors that would allow musicians to control sound using only the movement of their own bodies . One of his tutors encouraged him to look at the way people move when they dance and incorporate those movements into his design . Read this : Is this the world 's weirdest instrument ? The result is a collection of five instruments , which Pieters calls Sound on Intuition :  A sensor that measures the position of the musician 's hand , raising and lowering the pitch of the note with the rise and fall of the hand  A collar that fits around the finger and converts tapping , bending and stretching movements into sound  A heart rate monitor that produces rhythms based on the beating of the musician 's heart  A strap that wraps around the musician 's foot and produces the sound of a bass drum in time with his or her foot-tapping  A scanner that reads lines or dots drawn by the musician and represents them musically : "  If you want to have a sound that goes up and down , " Peters says , "  you just draw a line that goes up and down . " Although electronic music is nothing new , Pieters says that abandoning instruments altogether in favor of computer programs can take some of the joy out of making music . "  Now everybody sits behind his computer and just types in commands to create a sound , but it 's not that fun anymore , " he says . "  If we have instruments that you can move and kind of play the computer in a fun way , I think making music is more fun . " Hein Mevissen , a Dutch film director and designer of the radically simple John 's Phone , praised the intuitive interface and said that he could imagine the approach spreading to other art forms . "  I really like it , " he says . "  I think it could be the future in everything , even with computers and with graphic programs , even film . Design is evolution or devolution . Devolving of design is something that I really like -- you know , making products simple again . " Mevissen urged Pieters to keep developing and improving his design until it was ready for a wider audience . "  As long as his heart is in it and he keeps his heart in it then he will succeed , " Mevissen says . Read this : The brave new world of electric paint Since Pieters had little experience working with electronics , he looked for ways of adapting sensors and other devices that were already on the market -- rather than starting from scratch . He was pleased to see that this adaptive approach was then adopted by the people who used his prototype , some of whom found new and unexpected uses for the device . "  It started as a music instrument project , but when I got to finish it , it opened up a lot more doors , " he says . "  For example a woman came up to me and she said to me : ` This would be perfect for autistic children . Autistic children would play with this for hours because they 'd feel that the instrument understands them and they do n't have to learn to play it . ' " For Pieters , that would be the ultimate vindication . The music schools that rejected him may not have seen his potential , but his musical instruments could help other to unleash theirs .	Sound on Intuition by designer Pieter-Jan Pieters turns your body into a musical instrument Sensors attach to your hands , feet and heart to produce music that responds to movement His creation allows people of any background or skill-base to make music
New York  CNN  -- A graffiti vandal hit the home owned by Spike Lee 's father and a neighboring home in Brooklyn Friday -- days after the filmmaker 's curse-filled rant against the gentrification enveloping his old neighborhood . The glass was shattered on the front door of the neighbor 's home on Washington Park in the Fort Greene section , and "  Do the Right Thing , " the title of Lee 's controversial 1989 film about racial tension in Brooklyn , was spray-painted on the wall along with the Circle-A , the symbol for anarchy . Three words -- "  Do the Right " -- were scrawled on stairs leading to jazz artist Bill Lee 's brownstone next door . A police spokesman said the home was spray-painted early Friday . The act of vandalism is being investigated . Dianne Mackenzie , who has lived in the neighborhood for 17 years , said she discovered the vandalism on her Washington Park home Friday morning . She believes the damage is connected to Spike Lee 's now-infamous anti-gentrification rant during an African-American History Month lecture on Tuesday . "  All I know is that he made a lot of comments that went viral , the next day my house is vandalized , " Mackenzie told CNN . "  There is probably some kind of connection in the mind of whoever did this ... There is no reasonable reason for it . If this person has got something to say , fine say it . Do n't damage my property . " Arnold Lee , who lives with his father , defended his half-brother 's right to rant about gentrification but took issue with Spike Lee 's reference to the family 's Fort Greene home . "  Say what you want but leave the personal stuff out of it , " he told CNN Friday . "  The moment you start going , ` Well , I live here , ' and he does n't live here . You know he lives in Manhattan so ... this is my dad 's house , and it 's kind of personal . " He added , "  Leave us out of it . Because I feel bad ... my neighbor , she is a good friend . In his rant , in which Lee mentioned that he once lived at 165 Washington Park , Lee also said his father , "  a great jazz musician , " bought the brownstone 46 years ago . "  And the mother ****** ' people moved in last year and called the cops on my father , " Lee said . He 's not  $ " he does n't even play electric bass . It 's acoustic . We bought the mother ****** ' house in 1968 , and now you call the cops ? In 2013 ? " According to a New York Times article , police have received 17 noise complaints . The Times said a woman who lived next door had called most . Arnold Lee does n't believe the vandalism was connected to the noise complaints . "  If it came from what he said , then it came from that , " he said "  But there has n't been a noise complaint in months . " Mackenzie , a retired computer programmer , said she was not behind the noise complaints . "  They are professional musicians next door , " she said . "  They practice . They jam and their music is very good . I never had problems with the noise at all . And I was quoted in the paper saying that , and I never brought complaints . Maybe this has something to do with that . If it does , they got the wrong house . " Mackenzie , a retired computer programmer , said she is not concerned for her safety . "  We do n't have this kind of thing happening in this neighborhood , " she said . "  And that is upsetting in a way ... I do n't think it 's necessarily going to happen again . " Mackenzie said Fort Greene has always been vibrant and diverse , with many longtime home owners . "  It 's always been a very mixed neighborhood , racially , culturally , socially , " she said . "  It 's retained that identity . It 's also been a neighborhood that attracts a lot of people from the arts . And it still does . I do n't think that the flavor of the neighborhood has changed . The people in it have changed , and where they come from maybe . A lot of people from Europe , people from Africa , we have people from all over in Fort Greene . " In his speech Tuesday at Brooklyn 's Pratt Institute , Lee vented his feelings about newcomers now inhabiting once-blighted parts of America 's most populous city . "  And why does it take an influx of white New Yorkers in the South Bronx , in Harlem , in Bed Stuy , in Crown Heights for the facilities to get better ? The garbage was n't picked up every mother ******* day when I was living in 165 Washington Park . ... The police were n't around . When you see white mothers pushing their babies in strollers , three o'clock in the morning on 125th Street , that must tell you something . " On Wednesday , Lee told "  Anderson Cooper 360 " that he 's not against new people moving into areas that were once predominantly poor and predominantly African-American . "  My problem is that when you move into a neighborhood , have some respect for the history , for the culture , " Lee said . Not just Spike Lee 's Brooklyn CNN 's Rande Iaboni contributed to this report .	Broken glass , spray-paint mark Spike Lee 's father 's house and a neighbor 's house Spike Lee ranted about New York gentrification and hipsters The neighbor whose home was vandalized believes it 's connected to Lee 's rant
CNN  -- Kraft is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs because packaging labels were incorrect , federal officials said Sunday . The Oscar Mayer Classic Wieners packages may have contained cheese dogs , officials said , but the packaging does n't advise consumers that they contain milk , the U.S. Department of Agriculture 's Food Safety and Inspection Service said in a statement . The product labels "  do not reflect the ingredients associated with the pasteurized cheese in the cheese dogs , " the statement said . A consumer spotted the problem and notified the company on April 18 . Kraft notified federal officials the next day , the statement said . In a statement on its Facebook page , Kraft said it was voluntarily recalling the hot dogs "  because they may be mislabeled . " The 16-ounce packages were produced in March and distributed throughout the United States . CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Kraft is recalling 96,000 pounds of hot dogs Officials : Packages contain cheese dogs , but labels do n't reflect the ingredients Kraft says it voluntarily recalled the hot dog packages
CNN  -- Notice anything unusual about the World Cup this year ? It has been an absolute goalfest . In fact , it 's on pace to be one of the highest-scoring tournaments in the 84-year history of the World Cup . Over the first 12 games , the average number of goals per match has been 3.66 , partly because of the Netherlands ' 5-1 blowout of Spain . But nine of the 12 other matches have seen three or four goals scored . The average number of goals per match in South Africa in 2010 was 2.27 , and FIFA calculates that the average since 1930 has been 2.86 . You have to go back to 1954 to find a World Cup with a higher average number of goals per match . That year 's competition , in Switzerland , saw the humiliation of goalkeepers with an average of 5.38 goals per match , the highest ever . It 's also unusual that there have been no draws yet this year . Every match has had a winner and a loser . Since group stages were introduced in 1950 , one out of four group matches has ended in a draw , with nearly a third of them resulting in a draw in 2010 . It also feels like there has been an unusual number of come-from-behind victories this year . Five of the 12 matches have seen the team that scored first go on to lose , if you count Brazil 's own goal in the tournament 's opening match against Croatia . It 's hard to come by reliable data for how often teams come from behind to win in the World Cup , but it was very unusual in Euro 2012 . The team that scored first in that contest went on to win more than 70 % of the time , according to an article in the International Journal of Sports Science . World Cup Schedule of Matches CNN 's John Sinnott contributed to this report .	More goals , no draws : Brazil has been an unusual World Cup On average , 3.66 goals have been scored per match There have been no draws , but the average at this stage is 25 % Five out of 12 teams that scored first went on to lose
CNN  -- You 've heard of snakes on a plane , now here come bugs on a plane . A North Carolina couple is suing AirTran Airways , alleging that cockroaches crawled out of air vents and overhead carry-on bins during a flight from Charlotte to Houston in September . Attorney Harry Marsh and his fianc  Kaitlin Rush say the insects appeared soon after takeoff , and when Marsh pointed them out to flight attendants , they did nothing to help . "  These roaches and other pests caused great distress to a number of passengers throughout the flight , " the complaint states . All paying guests of the airline are entitled to "  clean , pest-free " accommodations , it goes to to say . The couple accuses AirTran of negligence and recklessness , infliction of emotional distress , nuisance , false imprisonment and unfair and deceptive trade practices , and is suing for more than $ 100,000 plus the price of their tickets . In a response to the complaint filed with the U.S. District Court for the Western District of North Carolina , AirTran denies most of the allegations . CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin predicted the case would never go to trial . "  This is a case that 's going to settle . Bottom line , I foresee a lot of free flights for this couple if they want to get back on AirTran , " Hostin said . "  It 's certainly not a pretty picture . The roaches were out long enough for them to take video and photographs , so that 's exhibit A. "	Couple alleges cockroaches crawled out of air vents and overhead bins during flight Lawsuit seeks more than $ 100,000 plus the price of their tickets AirTran denies most of the allegations in response to the complaint
