CNN Student News  -- Record the CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Autism is a World when it airs commercial-free on Monday , March 31 , 2008 from approximately 4:00 -- 5:00 a.m. ET on CNN .  A short feature begins at 4:00 a.m. and precedes the program . Program Overview For years , Sue Rubin says she was "  her own worst nightmare . " Sue has autism , and until age 13 , she was unable to communicate or control her unusual behavior . Now in her late twenties , Sue has become a disabled-rights advocate and a college student with a top IQ . In the Academy Award-nominated documentary Autism is a World , filmmaker Gerry Wurzburg and CNN take a rare look at autism through the words of a young woman who lives with it . Grade Levels : 9-12 , college Subject Areas : Health , Social Studies , Technology , Current Issues Objectives : The CNN Special Investigations Unit Classroom Edition : Autism is a World and its corresponding discussion questions and activities challenge students to : Curriculum Connections Health Standard 1 . Knows the availability and effective use of health services , products , and information Level IV -LSB- Grade : 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 5 . Knows situations that require professional health services in the areas of prevention , treatment , and rehabilitation Standard 3 . Understands the relationship of family health to individual health Level IV -LSB- Grade : 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 1 . Understands methods to facilitate the transition from the role of a child to the role of an independent adult in the family Standard 4 . Knows how to maintain mental and emotional health Level IV -LSB- Grade : 9-12 -RSB- Benchmark 2 . Knows strategies for coping with and overcoming feelings of rejection , social isolation , and other forms of stress Content Knowledge : A Compendium of Standards and Benchmarks for K-12 Education  Copyright 2000 McREL  is published online by Mid-continent Research for Education and Learning  McREL   http://www.mcrel.org/standards-benchmarks/  , 2550 S. Parker Road , Suite 500 , Aurora , CO 80014 ; Telephone : 303/337 -0990 Social Studies Standard VIII . Science , Technology and Society : Students will examine the relationships among science , technology and society . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/  are published by the National Council for the Social Studies  http://ncss.org/  . Discussion Questions 1 . How old is Sue Rubin ? What type of disability does she have ? What symptoms does she display ? What is "  mental retardation " ? How does mental retardation differ from autism ? Why do you think that Sue was thought to be mentally retarded when she was younger ? What was her life like before she could communicate ? How did she interpret sounds ? How does Sue feel about having been perceived as retarded ? 2 . How does Sue say she learned to communicate ? What type of device does she use to communicate ? How did Sue 's life change once she learned how to communicate ? Based on what you 've observed in the program , what gains has Sue made over the years in terms of managing her autistic behaviors ? 3 . How would you describe Sue 's relationships with her parents and grandparents ? What challenges did Sue 's parents face when raising Sue during her early years ? According to the program , what measures have Sue 's parents taken to help foster their daughter 's growth and development over the years ? In the program , Sue states , "  When I was n't able to communicate , I was considered a non-person , but I was treated well -- intellectually , socially , culturally and personally . " What do you think that she means ? Why do you think that Sue considers herself lucky to have the family that she has ? 4 . Do you think that it is important for Sue to live independently ? What types of personal , financial and governmental assistance does Sue need to live in her own home ? What are Sue 's greatest short-term and long-term concerns about maintaining her independent lifestyle ? How would you describe Sue 's relationships with the different members of her support team ? What skills and attributes do you think that a person needs to have to work well with a non-verbal autistic person ? 5 . In what ways is Sue similar to people her age who are not autistic ? Do you think that Sue has the same capacity to experience emotions as non-autistic people ? Explain . How does Sue 's disorder impact her ability to express emotions ? 6 . According to Dr. Margaret Bauman , what is autism , and what parts of the brain can it affect ? According to the program , why did Sue respond so quickly to facilitated communication after having been "  lost in autism " for 13 years ? Why are plastic spoons important to Sue ? Why does Sue like to run water over them ? In the show , Sue states that solitude is her "  best friend " and her "  worst enemy . " What do you think that she means ? 7 . What college does Sue attend ? Why did she select this school ? What challenges has she faced while at college ? How do you think that these challenges compare to the ones that many non-autistic college students face ? What is Sue 's academic major ? What type of work does she hope to do after she graduates ? How does attending school impact Sue 's ability to manage her autism ? 8 . To what audience did Sue deliver a speech about living with autism ? Why do you think that writing the speech was an "  arduous process " for Sue ? Sue states that the goal of her speech was to "  enlighten individuals to the potential of their own voices . " What do you think that she means ? Why do you think that Sue has chosen to pursue this goal ? 9 . Do you know someone that is autistic ? How has autism impacted this person and the lives of his or her loved ones ? What symptoms of autism does he or she have ? How do these symptoms compare to the ones displayed by Sue ? 10 . Why did Sue decide to make this documentary ? Why do you think that this documentary is titled Autism is a World ? Based on what you now know about Sue and what it 's like for her to live with autism , how would you describe Sue 's character ? What are her greatest strengths ? 11 . What are your thoughts and feelings regarding Autism is a World ? What insights or lessons about autism did you learn as a result of watching this program ? 12 . Having watched Autism is a World , do you have any follow-up questions you 'd like to ask Sue ? Suggested Activities 1 . What are Autism Spectrum Disorders ? Inform students that , though the field of autism research is continuing to evolve , much has been learned about the disorder since the mid-1940s , when Dr. Leo Kanner published his first paper identifying autistic children , and Dr. Hans Asperger described a milder form of autism that became known as Asperger syndrome . Autism is considered a "  spectrum disorder " because the number and intensity of symptoms can greatly vary among those with autism . Autism spectrum disorders  ASD  , which are also known as "  pervasive developmental disorders , " can often be detected by the age of three . ASD is an umbrella term that includes the following diagnoses : Divide your students into five groups and assign each group a different ASD from the list above . Instruct each group to conduct research to learn about the symptoms , characteristics and differentiated diagnoses associated with its assigned disorder . Then , have groups prepare presentations of their findings that include a brief mock case study to illustrate how the disorders might manifest in a child . After the presentations , challenge students to identify the common traits associated with all autistic disorders .  All people with ASD have impaired communication , problems with social relationships and like to engage in repetitive motions .  Ask students : Following the discussion , refer students back to Autism is a World to make a list of the symptoms and behaviors that Sue Rubin displayed during the program . Then ask students : Based on what you know about Ms. Rubin , where would you say that her disability falls within the spectrum of autistic disorders ? 2 . Treating Autism Point out to students that , although autistic symptoms in children may lessen with age , autism is a lifelong disorder . There are various types of therapies available for treating autism , including behavior modification , sensory integration , medications and dietary interventions . However , because the nature and severity of autistic symptoms and behaviors can vary , no one approach works for every person . According to the National Institute of Mental Health , most professionals agree that early intervention is important and that most individuals with ASD respond well to highly structured , specialized programs . After you have shared this information , pair students and assign each pair one of the following ASD treatment approaches : Biomedical Treatments CNN does not endorse any specific medication . The information provided here is meant as an overview of the types of medications sometimes prescribed . Instruct each pair to investigate the philosophy , protocols and benefits and drawbacks associated with its treatment method . Have pairs deliver presentations of their findings .  If possible , have the students who are presenting behavior modification approaches demonstrate the techniques , and have the students who are speaking about medications and dietary interventions include graphics that depict how the treatments are thought to affect the different parts of the human body .  Following the presentations , pose the following questions for class discussion : Extension : Have students draw upon thier research to create an informational brochure about ASD for parents and local mental health providers . Keywords Sue Rubin , autism spectrum disorders , pervasive developmental disorder , mental retardation , non-verbal , disability , relationships , self-abusive behaviors , motor skills , emotions , learning , language , communication system , sensory integration , echolalia , independent living , HUD , support services , Whittier College , intelligence , neurobiology , Dr. Margaret Bauman , advocate , documentary E-mail to a friend	Learn about autism spectrum disorders  ASD Examine different treatment approaches for ASD Create an informational brochure about ASD for parents and mental health providers
CNN  Cold , cold and more cold . That 's what 's on tap in terms of temperature for much of the United States early this week . "  We 're looking at 50 million people in 24 states that are going to see some of the coldest weather over the next several days that we have seen in quite some time , " CNN meteorologist Karen Maginnis said Sunday . The National Weather Service predicted heavy rains and mountain snow in the Northwest , and snows from the northern Plains to the northern Mid-Atlantic states . "  An Arctic air mass that already invaded the north central U.S. will spread southeastward ... plunging temperatures from the Mississippi Valley to East Coast . "  The cold air blowing over warmer waters will allow snow showers to crank up across the Great Lakes region ... especially downwind of Lake Ontario and Erie , " it said in a forecast . Wind chill warnings and advisories were in effect for much of Wisconsin , Minnesota and parts of North Dakota and Illinois . "  This arctic cold is potentially deadly and dangerous , " Maginnis said . "  Wind chills in Minnesota and the Dakotas are as low as minus 45 degrees . And a second blast of cold air will reinforce the deep freeze on Tuesday . " Are you there ? Share images , if you can safely Northern exposure Rough conditions are on the way in other areas too . A storm system will bring a mix of snow , sleet and freezing rain to parts of upstate New York and New England . In the Midwest , snow will also coat portions of Wisconsin , Illinois , Indiana and Michigan . And farther west , the same forecast faces Washington , Idaho , Montana , Wyoming and Utah . The South is in for it too . "  Another reinforcement of the polar air will move its way into the lower 48 this week , plummeting temperatures in the Deep South to below freezing on Thursday into Friday , " said CNN meteorologist Michael Guy . Mississippi storms Central Mississippi was cleaning up Sunday after severe weather raked the state a day earlier . Folks in Jasper County were among the hardest hit . Craig Youngblood said a tornado missed his house by about 50 yards . "  We got pretty lucky , " he told CNN affiliate WAPT . "  We had a safe room in the house and we were all in there . " Mary Magee was on the porch with her grandkids when the funnel cloud approached . "  There was nowhere to hide , nowhere to go , " she said . "  And when they saw that thing coming , they came screaming and hollering . " CNN 's Josh Levs and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Snow showers are forecast for the Great Lakes region Wind chill warnings , advisories are in effect for much of Wisconsin , Minnesota Snow and freezing rain will fall in parts of upstate New York and New England
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Republican lawmakers from more than 20 states across the country are willing to take federal funding , but only on their terms . Some state lawmakers are pushing for sovereignty from the federal government . From Montana to South Carolina , lawmakers in mostly red states have pushed ahead with measures calling for state sovereignty under the Tenth Amendment , saying the federal government has overstepped its bounds with the stimulus package . The states are calling for the right to ignore laws they deem unconstitutional . Oklahoma state Sen. Randy Brogdon , a Republican and the first to introduce this type of legislation last year , originally pursued it because he thought then-President Bush and Congress exceeded their authority with the Real ID Act , which required states to include certain information on driver 's licenses . He called the stimulus package "  immoral and unconscionable " and said it was "  the final straw that broke the financial back of America . " Brogdon 's bill passed the state Senate on Wednesday and the state House approved a similar measure . The office of lead House sponsor Republican Rep. Charles Key said it is confident a joint resolution will get through . The legislation would be binding . So , if the governor signs it , it theoreticallly would allow Oklahoma to ignore laws that are not "  enumerated and granted to the federal government by the Constitution , " as stated in the Tenth Amendment . "  I 'm sick and tired of Congress overreaching and underachieving , " Brogdon said . He added , "  If we have an opportunity to salvage freedom and protect sovereignty , it has to be done at the state level . " Similar legislation is moving along in South Carolina . The bill already passed in the state House and a state Senate panel approved it on Tuesday . Republican state Rep. Lee Bright said he chose to sponsor the South Carolina measure because he thinks the stimulus package grants the federal government more power than the Constitution allows . "  The federal government is living beyond the scope that the Constitution grants it and states should put it on notice , " Bright said . "  I have n't been pleased for some time with what the federal government gets involved in , but it came to a head with the stimulus bill . " The Republican lead sponsor of the bill in Virginia , state Rep. Christopher Peace , said his state has used only a small portion of the money allocated in the stimulus package . He said local officials are the best managers of Virginia 's budget and the federal government should n't interfere with how the state chooses to spend its money . "  I 'm not saying we do n't benefit from some of the money , but it 's important to question what are the roles and boundaries , and ask if Congress is exceeding them , " Peace said . "  Our representatives in the federal government represent the same people we do and they need to work to keep the government small and limited and efficient . " All the bills invoke the Tenth Amendment , which states that "  the powers not delegated to the United States by the Constitution , nor prohibited by it to the states , are reserved to the states respectively , or to the people . " Most are symbolic measures and none have passed yet , but local officials are hoping to send a message to Washington to back off . Many states are criticizing the stimulus package , while others are trying to assert authority over other issues , like abortion in Missouri and exempting firearms from federal regulations in Montana . Many of the bills include a provision that once the bill is passed , a copy will be sent to President Obama and Congress . "  It 's time to send a message to Congress that we 're sovereign , " said state Rep. Judy Burges , an Arizona Republican . "  We have many states doing this and if you have enough sending the same message , they 're going to have to step back and take a look at what they 're doing . "	GOP state lawmakers pressing the issue of state sovereignty They say the federal government has overstepped its bounds Oklahoma state senator : Stimulus package "  immoral and unconscionable " Lawmakers are introducing bills in the states that invoke the Tenth Amendment
Shanghai  CNN  -- One recent afternoon , two 17-year-old migrant workers from the nearby province of Anhui came to an electronics market in this Chinese metropolis with one goal in mind : To purchase a smartphone . They browsed a couple of different models , before settling on a Samsung Galaxy Ace for 1,200 yuan  about $ 180  . They traded in their old cell phones , good for nothing much more than making calls , sending text messages and maybe playing a few games . Read related : Seven ways mobile phones have changed lives in Africa One of the migrants said he looked forward to watching movies on his new device . The other said he did not really know how to use such a gadget . Wang Shenyong , manager of the cell phone stall , said nearly all of his customers who have migrated to Shanghai from elsewhere for work are opting to purchase smartphones rather than low-budget fake phones that have long been a staple technology of China 's marginalized populations . Read related : Your smartphone will  eventually  be hacked "  The migrant workers are different than before , " Wang said . "  They are more advanced now . They want a better life . They use these -LSB- smartphones -RSB- because they can know news very fast and share information with others . " China is on the verge of a smartphone revolution . Falling prices of handsets made by foreign brands paired with domestic manufacturers churning out cheaper and cheaper devices , combined with faster and more affordable data plans , means China will overtake the United States as the largest market for smartphones this year , according to market intelligence firm IDC . Read related : China ` passes U.S. in smartphone sales ' Analysts expect the growth of the mobile Internet on the mainland to be game changing . Countless entrepreneurs are working to create applications and other software for the coming mobile web explosion that will be fueled by widespread smartphone adoption . Even simple handsets have enabled China 's migrant workers to find jobs , communicate with family back home , organize into groups and access information . For migrant populations , such technology has served to "  liberate workers culturally " and "  restructure the social identity " of migrants , according to Pui-lam Law , editor of "  New Connectivities in China : Virtual , Actual and Local Interactions . " It is hard to say how many migrants now have smartphones . Anecdotal evidence suggests their uptake , especially among younger migrants in urban areas , is quickly becoming widespread and that the technology is enabling them to connect with broader segments of Chinese society in ways they never have before . "  China has long had a very active , even militant , working class , " said Jack Linchuan Qiu , an assistant professor at the Chinese University of Hong Kong 's communication and journalism school , who researches information and communication technologies and their impact on labor movements in China . "  They have always been socially engaged but usually they stay under the radar , but now there is a new window for us to see what is going on . " That new window is specifically Sina Weibo , China 's largest microblog , most commonly referred to as a mainstream social media channel for the middle class . Now migrant workers are starting to take part , and in some instances people are paying attention . This summer , for example , a migrant NGO successfully stopped the closure of a school for migrant children in Beijing after posting their grievances on Sina Weibo . Public intellectuals , television hosts , even state-run media , became involved in supporting their cause . "  This is all possible because they have smartphones , " Qiu said . "  But the most essential ingredient is the workers want to have their voices heard , and they are facing existential issues . Technology is of no use if no one has the political will . " Qiu said similar efforts to stop recent government crackdowns on workers ' rights groups in the southern province of Guangzhou have not been as successful . "  The Beijing case -- that was a rare case , " he said . "  It was almost like a little miracle . " Read related : Mobile phones used to get past China 's Internet censors Nevertheless , more migrants , particularly those in factories , are creating what Qiu calls "  worker generated content " about their working conditions and sharing it with wider audiences . Some migrants are garnering thousands of fans on microblogs where they share personal experiences and feelings that have rarely been voiced outside their immediate social circles - if at all . "  Am going to bed now , " posted one migrant who writes under the name "  Blue Piano " on Sina Weibo . "  Good night to this hypocritical , pretentious , two-faced world . Step on another 's head in order to get to the top . Keep on fighting tomorrow . " Read related : Ex-Apple boss tackles poverty in India with mobile technology "  Stay home . Marry . Farming . Raise pigs , " wrote another migrant called "  Red Peasant " online . "  Leave home . Roaming . Working . Make money . Where is the road ? " "  There are more and more stories like this , of migrants trying to vent their grievances through smartphones , " said Tai Zixue , author of "  The Internet in China : Cyberspace and Civil Society . " "  It is not a dramatic change yet in that sense . They are still marginalized . It is only under particular circumstances they get the spotlight , but what we are seeing is a big sign of what could happen further down the road . "	Smartphone use on the rise in China amid falling handset prices and cheaper call plans China set to overtake the United States as the largest market for smartphones Analyst : Such technology helping to "  restructure the social identity " of migrants Workers also connecting with broader segments of Chinese society via micro-blogs
CNN  -- The political culture in Arizona , my home state , is often coarse , racialized and divisive . President Barack Obama 's visit there Tuesday gave the world another opportunity to see it . At times it seems as though the most bigoted individuals in America 's 48th state save their most raucous and prejudiced behavior for the 44th president . The Arizona Republic reported that hundreds of dissenters chose to model their insulting and extremist behavior before some of Phoenix 's youngest residents . Assembled outside Desert Vista High School , they mocked Obama 's race , singing "  Bye Bye Black Sheep " in spirited synchronization . One "  patriot " went so far as to deprecate our commander in chief by pronouncing him "  47 percent Negro , " while another , Deanne Bartram , held a sign that read , "  Impeach the Half-White Muslim ! " Obama chose Desert Vista , home to some of Phoenix 's best and brightest students , to present his ideas for repairing America 's ailing mortgage finance apparatus . Some activists assembled to plead with the president to take more aggressive steps to combat climate change , such as renouncing the Keystone XL oil pipeline . Nevertheless , the overwhelming disposition of the angry horde was openly reminiscent of the Jim Crow South . One of the most disturbing aspects of the anti-Obama protest was the inclination of some participants to fault the president for increased racial tensions . "  We have gone back so many years , " Judy Burris told the Republic , insisting that Obama 's presence and policies have engendered a racist backlash . "  He 's divided all the races . I hate him for that . " This mind-bending perspective has become one of the leitmotifs of the racialized anti-Obama movement , which laments regressive race relations , but which attributes increased racial tensions in Obama 's "  disruptive " and "  exotic " presence , rather than their own racial stereotypes , hateful rhetoric and divisive behavior . Despite myriad efforts to foster civil dialogue in Arizona , the state has proven to be fertile ground for the kind of chauvinistic crusading that greeted Obama this week . The idea that Obama has divided the races is farcical . As I wrote in a Republic essay in March , Time magazine announced the selection of Obama as its Person of the 2012 Year  for a second time  because , as Richard Stengel argued in his editorial preface , "  We are in the midst of historic cultural and demographic changes , and Obama is both the symbol and in some ways the architect of this new America . " Obama deserved credit , he wrote , "  for finding and forging a new majority , for turning weakness into opportunity and for seeking , amid great adversity , to create a more perfect union . " However , nearly five years into Obama 's presidency , the politics of hope , optimism and racial equality that his campaign and election inspired have bumped into a new political reality marked by economic challenges , political acrimony and disillusionment . The resulting political backlash has triggered rancorous and racially charged clashes . The rowdy gathering outside Desert Vista underscored the nature of race relations in the Obama age -- evolving but oddly static in some ways -- and the particularly bigoted shades of anti-Obama emotion in Arizona . If the age of Obama prophesied a more progressive , multifaceted and refined dialogue about American race relations , the vision has not been realized . Rather , many Americans , particularly xenophobic cliques such as the ones on display in my state , have recoiled back to a pre-civil rights-era temperament and increasingly overt racist outbursts . As brazen as those in the Desert Vista crowd were , they are merely the most belligerent and public face of a legion of racist anti-Obama persons . These more discreet individuals are smart enough to cloak their racialized opposition in obstructionist maneuvering and public policy that does more damage to the lives of people of color than prejudiced banter . Still , the Desert Vista protest should give everyone pause and put us on high alert . The racist rhetoric heard there reflects inner beliefs and fears that have tremendous potential to do great harm . Arizona leaders would be remiss in dismissing it as "  fringe . " As civil rights activist Pauli Murray once cautioned , "  Racism is like a deadly snake coiled and ready to strike , and one only avoids its dangers by never-ending watchfulness . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Whitaker .	Matthew C. Whitaker : Obama 's appearance at Arizona school brought out racist protesters Report : Sign said , "  Impeach the Half-White Muslim ! " and some sang "  Bye Bye Black Sheep " Protesters blame Obama for race tension , but his detractors promulgate it , Whitaker says Whitaker : Arizona protesters were loud , but such racism is ubiquitous , should worry us all
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Thousands of protesters gathered in several cities in Indonesia on Wednesday to push the government to deal with rampant allegations of corruption . Demonstrators massed in Jakarta , Makassar , South Sulawesi , Bandung and West Java . Organizers planned the protests for International Anti-Corruption Day , which the United Nations had declared to raise awareness about efforts to combat graft . The protests come amid a growing public dissatisfaction over investigations into a bailout of Indonesia 's Century Bank . The controversy began when critics accused President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono and some of his political allies of benefiting from the bailout money . The $ 710 million government bailout occurred in November 2008 . In the South Sulawesi capital of Makassar , where protests are typically more violent , hundreds of demonstrators called for the resignation of Indonesian Vice President and former Central Bank Governor Boediono and Coordinating Minister for Economic Affairs Sri Mulyani . Both were blamed for key roles in the bailout . In Jakarta , protesters chanted : "  Down with corruptors " and other slogans . One group burned a picture of Boediono . "  We know that corruption is the source of stupidity , poverty and social imbalance , " protester Fadjroel Rachman said . "  We are expecting the world to bring down all the corruptors as well as Indonesia . Whoever the corruptor is , we have to take them down . If you 're not a corruptor , there is no reason for you to be afraid . " Earlier this week , Yudhoyono said the planned protests were aimed at discrediting his government . On Tuesday , he seemed to soften his stance . In a televised speech , he said , "  I will lead the jihad against corruption , " and called on everyone to join the rallies in an orderly and peaceful manner . Reacting to Yudhoyono 's speech , student Zulkairnan who attended the protests told CNN , "  We are here to push the government to solve the Century Bank case . After watching his speech last night , I became an optimist . I believe he can eradicate corruption . He just needs a more powerful team . " Atin , another student protester said : "  I 'm sure -LSB- the president -RSB- can handle corruption . Many corruptors have been arrested in his era . He did that then , he can also do it now . He needs to take a more firm step . "	Protesters march in Indonesia , urging government to address corruption allegations Protests come amid inquiry into $ 710 million government bailout In speech , Indonesia President Susilo Yudhoyono declares ` jihad ' on corruption
CNN  Sherlock star Benedict Cumberbatch will read a specially-written poem at the "  funeral " of Richard III , the King found buried beneath a parking lot -- his own distant relative . Oscar-nominated Cumberbatch , who is to star as Richard III in an upcoming TV adaptation , will read a verse penned for the service by Britain 's poet laureate , Carol Ann Duffy . The 14-line verse , titled simply "  Richard , " will remain a closely-guarded secret until the service of reinterment at Leicester Cathedral on Thursday . All the organizers will say is that it is a "  meditation on the impact of -LSB- Richard 's -RSB- finding and on the legacy of his story . " They also have revealed that it contains the phrase "  grant me the carving of my name , " recognizing that Richard III 's grave was lost for centuries , with no tombstone to mark its location . In a statement , Duffy said it was "  a privilege to be involved , in a small way " in the farewell to Richard , the last English King to die in battle , 530 years ago . Cumberbatch 's reading will form part of a service of reinterment for the medieval monarch , which will be led by the Archbishop of Canterbury , Justin Welby . Key figures in the rediscovery and identification of the royal remains , including historians , archaeologists , scientists and relatives are expected to attend , along with members of the public who won a ballot for tickets . Queen Elizabeth II has written a message to be included in the order of service for the event , at which she will be represented by the Countess of Wessex . On Sunday , tens of thousands of people lined the streets of Leicester and its surrounding villages as Richard III 's coffin was carried out to the site of the Battle of Bosworth , where he was killed in 1485 , and back in a procession . Since then , people have queued around the block to see it lying "  in repose " in the cathedral where it will be reinterred in a tomb made of pale Swaledale fossil limestone from Yorkshire , set on a plinth of black Kilkenny marble . Richard III 's remains were found in August 2012 by archaeologists searching for the remains of the Greyfriars Monastery , which had been covered over by a council car park . The skeleton has been studied at the University of Leicester ever since , allowing scientists to discover a host of details about Richard III 's life -- and death -- by analyzing the bones . The university 's genealogy expert , Kevin Shurer , has discovered that Cumberbatch is related to Richard III . "  Benedict is Richard III 's second cousin , 16 removed , " Shurer explained . "  He is linked in several ways , but ... the shortest is via Richard 's mother , Cecily Neville 's grandmother , Joan Beaufort . He also has more indirect links to both Queen Elizabeth II and Lady Jane Grey through other ancestors in his -LSB- family -RSB- tree . "  It is great that Benedict has the opportunity to take part in the ceremony ... having him there will add another dimension to what has already been a momentous week . " Shurer also helped confirm the link between the last Plantagenet King and living relatives Michael Ibsen and Wendy Duldig , whose DNA proved the identity of Richard III 's remains . Ibsen , a Canadian-born cabinetmaker who now lives in London , built the English oak and yew coffin in which Richard III will be buried . Five things we 've learned about Richard III from his remains Richard III -- the mystery of the King and the car parking lot	Richard III 's remains will be reinterred Thursday in Leicester Cathedral Oscar-nominated Benedict Cumberbatch -- a distant relative -- will read poem at service Long-lost skeleton was discovered beneath a parking lot in August 2012
CNN  -- Since 2 1/2 - year-old Ava Zinna ended up in the emergency room this summer after an allergic reaction to peanuts , her mother , Tara , has worried about her daughter 's food whenever they eat out . But when the family went to Blue Smoke restaurant Sunday afternoon in New York , someone had already asked to hold the peanuts . Ava Zinna ate an allergen-free meal at the Worry Free Dinners event on Sunday . The Zinnas took part in Worry Free Dinners , a series of monthly meals for people with food allergies . Sunday 's 16-person barbecue -- complete with ribs , chicken , burgers and brownies -- was the first event aimed directly at parents and children affected by food allergies . "  When you 're going into a restaurant environment , you 're putting your child 's safety and livelihood into other hands , " Tara Zinna said . At the Worry Free Dinners event , "  not only was the food phenomenal , but it 's wonderful to have an opportunity to interact with other families who are dealing with similar issues . " The recent "  worry free " meal event took place just days before the Food and Drug Administration 's September 16 public hearing on food ingredient labels . Since 2006 , food manufacturers have been required to clearly label products that contain any of the most common allergens -- milk , eggs , fish , shellfish , peanuts , tree nuts , wheat and soy -- but some allergy experts say the labels should be more explicit . Restaurant dining can be a terrifying experience for people with severe food allergies . When the meal arrives , there 's often no way of knowing every single ingredient that went into it , or what else touched the plate and utensils used to serve it . You also have to pester the restaurant staff with special requests . But with Worry Free Dinners , everyone has some kind of experience with all of that , which helps build camaraderie , said Sloane Miller , who started organizing the events in April . Read more tips on how to manage food allergies " "  People sit down and start chatting immediately like they 're old friends , " said Miller , known in the blogosphere as "  Allergic Girl . " "  It 's so nice to be with people that you do n't have to explain -LSB- to -RSB- why you want something on the side . " So far , Worry Free Dinners has catered to food allergy sufferers in New York -- there are about 12 million in America , according to the Food Allergy and Anaphylaxis Network  FAAN  -- but Miller is looking to take the concept to other cities . A common but mysterious condition One out of every 17 children under 3 years old in America has a food allergy , and some will outgrow their sensitivities , said Anne Munoz-Furlong , founder and CEO of FAAN . But allergies to peanuts , nuts , shellfish and fish tend to be lifelong , she said . As far as she knows , Worry Free Dinners is the first event series of its kind . Experts agree that allergies in general -- both food and inhalant -- are on the rise , but no one is sure why . Research on food allergies has been slow because "  for a long time , people thought this was a small problem , " Munoz-Furlong said . The largest group of studies on the subject are in progress , including immunotherapy for people with peanut and milk allergies , she said . The majority of food allergy cases -- about 80 percent -- are "  cyclic , " with mild symptoms that resemble those of pollen or dust allergies : sneezing , itchy eyes , and nasal congestion , said Dr. Alpen Patel , assistant professor of otolaryngology at Emory University . Other people experience nausea , vomiting and diarrhea consistently in response to certain foods . But for some people , ingesting something that even accidentally touched tree nuts or peanuts could result in anaphylaxis , a severe reaction that can lead to blocked airways , cardiovascular collapse , and even death . This is called a "  fixed food allergy , " he said . After one severe reaction , he said , most people consistently avoid the offending food and do not experience another severe attack . But they also always carry a shot of epinephrine to self-administer immediately in case they experience signs of anaphylaxis . Enjoying food in spite of allergies Miller has made a career of helping people with food allergies and other special dietary needs navigate their meals , whether at Thanksgiving or on a date , without feeling sick . She runs her own coaching practice , blogs and organizes Worry Free Dinners events under her umbrella organization Allergic Girl Resources Inc. . She herself has dealt with allergies all her life -- as a baby she developed a rash when her mother switched from breast milk to cow 's milk , and at age 2 she had a reaction to tree nuts . She has since learned that she also has some form of allergy to salmon , lemon grass , eggplant , some types of melons and most tropical fruits . But Miller , now 36 , did not want her food allergies to prevent her from sampling the cornucopia of New York City restaurants . She developed relationships with restaurants that would accommodate her needs , and began organizing dinners for people who have similar allergy problems . "  It is both worry-free for the diner and worry-free for the restaurant , " she said . "  Restaurants appreciate that I 'm looking out for them as well ... I want to make it as easy as possible for them to have people like me come in all the time . " Where everybody knows your name So how does someone like Miller , who lives with food allergies plus a "  wheat/gluten-free , processed sugar-free , lactose-free , soy-free , low processed food-free lifestyle , " safely enjoy eating out ? Miller calls it the "  Cheers " experience . The first time she goes to a restaurant , she always calls ahead and talks with the restaurant management to make sure they can accommodate her before making a reservation . Once at the restaurant , she 'll meet the manager and give him or her a card with a run-down of her special dietary needs . Often a chef will join Miller and the manager to discuss the menu . By this point , Miller says , everyone has been introduced by name . After the meal , Miller thanks the server , chef and manager , and tips the server generously . She 'll often call the next day and thank the manager for helping her eat safely . On her blog , allergicgirl.blogspot.com , Miller finds no shortage of restaurant meals to recommend and photograph . She 'll find creative alternatives to traditionally prepared foods that look no less appetizing than more familiar versions -- for instance , she recently had fish-free sushi made of potato tempura , sticky rice , avocado and sesame seeds . Not every restaurant will accommodate Miller 's special needs -- she has been refused service at some restaurants . But in general , she 's found that restaurants have become far more understanding than five years ago , if only because staff members have children with food allergies . "  That changes how they run their kitchen , " she said . "  More and more people are touched by this , and do get it . "	Woman organizes dinners at restaurants for people with food allergies If you have a food allergy , call ahead and tell the restaurant management , she says 12 million Americans have food allergies , though some kids outgrow them Food allergies are on the rise , but no one is sure why
Washington  CNN  -- The whole point of the founding of this country was that government was n't supposed be a family business , but we 've got dynasties nonetheless . The sixth American president , John Quincy Adams , was the son of the second president  John Adams  , after all . Now there 's Debbie Dingell , the much younger wife of octogenarian John Dingell , running for the seat he announced last week that he 'll leave after 58 years . That 's a record , by the way . There 's been a Dingell on Capitol Hill every year since 1933 ... since Franklin Roosevelt was president and there was a Depression going on . That 's a much better record than the Kennedys . There were two years -- between 2011 when Rep. Patrick Kennedy resigned , and 2013 when Rep. Joe Kennedy III was sworn in -- without a Kennedy on Capitol Hill or any elected office since 1947 . So add the Dingells , on a smaller scale , to the Bushes and the Clintons . Not a presidential cycle goes by without somebody talking about a Clinton or a Bush running . It 's too much for one dynasty 's matriarch . "  Kennedys , Bushes , Clintons , there are just more families than that , " Barbara Bush said recently . That has n't stopped her son Jeb , the former Florida governor , from teasing a bid for president and arguing his name would actually hurt him . "  I get the point . It 's something that , if I run , I would have to overcome that . And so will Hillary , by the way . Let 's keep the same standards for everybody , " he said last week in New York . Jeb Bush might or might not run for president . But the Bush dynasty will live on . Jeb 's son , George P. Bush , is the odds-on favorite to win in his campaign for Texas land commissioner this year . There are a lot of smaller political families in the 50 states . Up on Capitol Hill , take the U.S. Senate , which has 100 members . A full third -- 33 of them -- are the father , son , mother , daughter , husband or wife of at least one other public official , according to a CNN analysis . There are Udalls and Landrieus , Murkowskis and Pryors , Pauls and Roberts . And many more . In the Senate , politics is the family business Why so many family names in American politics ? In recent years on Capitol Hill we 've seen Pauls , Ron and Rand ; Levins , Sander and Carl ; and Udalls , Tom and Mark . The brand alone wo n't win an election , but it brings instant name recognition . And in this era of big , expensive campaigns , name recognition can be priceless . Some dynasties are harder to maintain than others . The Liz Cheney for Senate campaign did n't last long . And the attempt to reboot the Quayle name foundered when former Vice President Dan Quayle 's son , Ben , lost his House seat after one term . And the Nunns -- former Sen. Sam Nunn 's daughter , Michelle , is a Democrat running in a red state for the U.S. Senate seat in Georgia . So are the Carters -- former President Jimmy Carter 's grandson , Jason , is running for governor there . CNN 's Dennis Ting contributed to this report .	Politics is often a family business -- not exactly what the founding fathers intended Nonetheless , our country has a long history of political dynasties The Kennedy , Bush , and Clinton families are just a few of the political dynasties The Dingells have been in Congress since the Great Depression
CNN  -- Family members of Christian "  Chucho " Benitez are still awaiting medical and autopsy reports to find out what killed the soccer star , his father said . "  We are hoping the documents tell us what happened , " Ermen Benitez told CNN en EspaÃ ± ol on Tuesday . They are also awaiting documents from the Qatari government so that his son 's remains can be transported from Doha to Quito , Ecuador , he said . Jose Chamorro , the player 's agent , told an Ecuadorian television station that Benitez , 27 , had suffered a heart attack and died Monday in a Qatari hospital where he was taken after complaining of abdominal pains . Ermen Benitez said his son never had any cardiac problems , and before he jointed Qatar 's El Jaish club , he had a clean bill of health . "  When a football player is signed , they always do tests , " he said . "  And he passed . " Asked about a report that Benitez 's wife had claimed the soccer star did not receive immediate medical attention at the hospital , Ermen Benitez said he did n't want to speculate until he had the medical report . With many unanswered questions , one thing is clear : his family and fans are devastated . Prayers and condolences pouring in from around the world have helped , said his father -- who is himself a former soccer star and remains the top league scorer in Ecuadorian football history . "  It fills me with a bit of calmness , " he said , "  but I am never going to see him again . Now the joy I had when I watched him playing is over . " Having played at the 2006 World Cup as a youngster , Benitez had developed into an important component of an Ecuadorian side bidding to reach next year 's finals in Brazil . His 24 international goals make him the third-highest scorer overall for Ecuador 's national team . In a statement on its website , El Jaish described Benitez 's death as "  a great loss for the team " and said the Ecuadorian player had "  high morals . " The Ecuadorian Football Association said on its website that Benitez 's remains were expected to arrive in Ecuador by Thursday morning . Benitez made his name at El Nacional , a club where his father played with great success throughout the 1980s . After leaving the Quito side , who posted a tribute on their website to Christian on Monday , the South American plied his trade with such success for Mexico 's Santos Laguna that he alerted the interest of the English Premier League . Joining Birmingham City on loan in 2009 , the Ecuadorian made his debut at Manchester United and scored his first goal at Liverpool . Despite a bright start , his impact faded over the season , prompting Birmingham manager Alex McLeish to return Benitez to Santos Laguna in 2010 . After leading the scoring charts , he joined rivals America in 2011 and helped the club win this year 's Clausura title -- finishing as top scorer along the way . He died on Monday , one day after playing his first game for new side El Jaish . People we 've lost in 2013 CNN en EspaÃ ± ol 's Luis Bucci and CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Karen Smith contributed to this report .	Ermen Benitez tells CNN en EspaÃ ± ol the family is awaiting medical reports Christian Benitez died suddenly Monday at the age of 27 The forward passed away just a day after making debut for Qatari side El Jaish Death prompts outpouring of emotion on Twitter for former Birmingham player
CNN  -- Saudi Prince Alwaleed bin Talal has called on the Saudi Telecommunication Authority to drop reported plans to block social media platforms , describing the action -- if implemented -- as a "  losing war . " The prince 's words appear to refer to proposals thought to be under consideration by Saudi officials for tighter controls on social media , including steps that would mean Twitter users could be identified . Amanpour : Can Twitter really change Saudi Arabia ? "  Dear Saudi Telecommunication Authority , social media is a tool for the people to make the government hear their voices . Just thinking of blocking them is a losing war , and a way to put more pressure on the citizens , " the prince wrote on his Twitter account Monday . A number of Twitter users commented on this post . "  They wo n't succeed in blocking our voices , Twitter is our world through which we 'll send our voices , " one wrote . "  Nice of you to talk to the authority rather than talking to the decision makers , " another commented . "  The era of blocking is over , everything is exposed now , and people will find a way to communicate , even if they had to use pigeons like the old days ! " Bin Talal announced in late 2011 that he and his investment firm , Kingdom Holding Co. , had bought a $ 300 million stake in Twitter . Read more : Saudi activists say kingdom trying to silence them Rights groups have criticized Saudi Arabia , a conservative kingdom , for its efforts to stifle online dissent . Freedom House , a U.S.-based free speech advocacy group , highlighted the limits imposed on free expression by Saudi Arabia in its report last year on Internet freedoms around the world , "  Freedom on the Net 2012 . " The kingdom was one of a number of countries in which "  authorities imposed further restrictions following the political uprisings in Egypt and Tunisia , in which social media played a key role , " it said . Saudi authorities have detained and intimidated hundreds of online political activists and online commentators , blocked and filtered sensitive political , religious or pornographic content from entering the Saudi Internet , and even recruited supporters online to campaign against calls for protests , the report said . Divided kingdom Sanja Kelly , project director of Freedom on the Net , told CNN there had been an increasing number of arrests of Saudi Internet users who 've posted critical remarks online , including on Twitter , since the report came out last September . According to tracking by Freedom House , 51 % of Saudi Internet users are active on Twitter , which is one of the highest ratios in the world . "  The Saudi authorities have been struggling for the past several years with decisions on how to deal with the growing and increasingly critical discussions online , " Kelly said . "  In recent months there have been increasing proposals by the authorities to either limit access to social media or to increase surveillance and decrease privacy for users . " One proposal under discussion has been the introduction of a rule requiring each Saudi Twitter user to register using government ID , she said . It has not been implemented but has attracted a lot of attention because of the popularity of Twitter in the kingdom . "  If this really comes into reality , it would be in effect a way for the government to track who 's posting what , " she said . Those at the liberal end of the spectrum in Saudi Arabia are outraged by the idea of such registration , she said . "  They feel that at the moment one of the few ways for them to vent and to engage in political conversations is through social media , " she said . But at the other end of the spectrum , "  there are a lot of conservative voices in Saudi Arabia who are saying that social media -- Twitter in particular -- is a huge waste of time , " and so would support this kind of measure , Kelly said . This division reflects a broader cleavage in Saudi society between progressives who are trying to push the boundaries of what is allowed and more conservative elements who are trying to maintain the status quo and see social media as a threat , she added . Up to now , Saudi authorities have been able to identify more prominent social media users , but a change in the rules might mean those who post online under the cover of anonymity are also exposed , she said . A likely consequence would be increased self-censorship . Bin Talal , who is one of many Saudi princes , is more prominent in business circles , Kelly added , so his more progressive views do not necessarily represent what is being discussed among the ruling elite .	NEW : Tension over social media freedoms reflects divisions in Saudi society , analyst says Prince Alwaleed bin Talal rejects reported plans as a "  way to put more pressure on the citizens " Social media platforms enable people in Saudi Arabia to make their voices heard , he says Twitter users say rumored plans by Saudi authorities to restrict access wo n't work
GLASGOW , Scotland -- Scottish Premier League leaders Celtic suffered another setback in their bid for a third successive title after being held 1-1 by managerless Hibernian on Saturday . David Murphy 's goals have earned Hibernian four points against the Auld Firm this season . Gordon Strachan 's team head the table by three points from Glasgow rivals Rangers , who have three games in hand ahead of Sunday 's trip to Aberdeen . Visiting Hibernian , whose manager John Collins surprisingly resigned on Thursday citing a lack of financial backing from the Edinburgh side 's board , took the lead in the 20th minute through left-back David Murphy . The Englishman played a one-two with Abdessalam Benjelloun before crashing a shot from the edge of the box past goalkeeper Mark Brown and in off the crossbar . Murphy 's only other goal this season came in Hibs ' 1-0 win at Rangers on October 6 . Brown did well to keep out Merouane Zemmama 's audacious shot from just inside the Celtic half soon after , and also tipped over Brian Kerr 's looping header three minutes after half-time . Substitute Jiri Jarosik rescued Celtic from a first home SPL defeat this season in the 78th minute after being teed up by Jan Vennegoor of Hesselink , who then headed against the post with two minutes to play . Hibernian held on despite having to play the final few minutes with 10 men , after Benjelloun was stretchered off with their three substitutes already used . The victory lifted the visitors up into fifth place , while Celtic have taken just six points from the last five games . Strachan , who confirmed he is hoping to sign Brazilian defender Coelho next month , said : "  We need to cut out the silly mistakes because if you look at some of the goals we have let in away from home this season , they are silly mistakes . "  We could have definitely done something with every one of them . I 'm happy with the number of chance we 've made in the last few weeks , but unhappy with individual mistakes . "  It 's not been great to look at , and we need to cut it out . We have honest lads walking in to the dressing room and saying , ` That was my fault . ' "  I said to them , ` It 's very commendable lads but we ca n't keep doing this . ' There has been a lot going right for us , but one or two things going wrong . We have to deal with that , and then I will look forward to the rest of the season . " Third-placed Motherwell missed the chance to move above Rangers after being beaten 3-0 at home by Falkirk , who climbed to ninth with two goals in the second half to Michael Higdon and then another from Patrick Clegg on 65 minutes . Fourth-placed Dundee United failed to take advantage , losing 2-1 at home to bottom club Gretna -- whose only two wins this season have come against the Tangerines . Kenny Deuchar put the visitors ahead in the 12th minute before striker Noel Hunt leveled on 29 , and Nicky Deverdics scored the eventual winner for the Borders outfit three minutes before half-time . Inverness Caledonian Thistle followed up last weekend 's shock 3-2 victory against Celtic by also winning at Hearts by the same scoreline . The visitors led through Russell Duncan after 22 minutes and John Rankin made it 2-0 with a 53rd-minute penalty before Christophe Berra pulled one back on 62 and Lithuanian striker Andrius Velicka leveled from the spot  90  . However , Graham Bayne scored a dramatic injury-time winner to lift Caley into the top six . In Saturday 's other game , second-bottom St Mirren drew 0-0 at home to fellow strugglers Kilmarnock to be left seven points ahead of Gretna . E-mail to a friend	Scottish league leaders Celtic held 1-1 at home by managerless Hibernian Celtic now lead by three points , having taken just six from last five games Second-placed Rangers have three games in hand ahead of trip to Aberdeen
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Campaigners in London planned to petition the British government Friday for a posthumous pardon for the hundreds of people executed for witchcraft between the 16th and 18th centuries . Witchcraft has not been punishable by death for nearly 300 years . They said Halloween is a good time to highlight the "  grave miscarriage of justice " suffered by the men and women falsely accused of being witches . Their petition asks Justice Minister Jack Straw to recommend that Queen Elizabeth II issue a pardon . "  We felt that it was time that the sinister associations held by a minority of people regarding witches and Halloween were tackled head-on , " said Emma Angel , head of Angels , a large costume supplier in London . "  We were gobsmacked to discover that though the law was changed hundreds of years ago and society had moved on , the victims were never officially pardoned . " Angels launched a Web site , pardonthewitches.com , to solicit signatures for their petition . They had between 150 and 200 by Friday morning , Angels spokesman Benjamin Webb said , but they hoped Halloween publicity would generate more . Around 400 people were executed in England and some 4,000 in Scotland for alleged witchcraft , campaigners say . The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches , but many still faced persecution and jail for other crimes such as fraud . "  It shifted from a spiritual thing to more of a criminal thing , " Webb said , but "  it did n't pardon those people who 'd suffered before . " The campaigners worked with witchcraft historian John Callow to detail eight cases they hope will persuade the government to act . They include the case of Ursula Kemp , a woman who offered cures in Essex , England in the 1500s . The uneven results of her work prompted accusations of witchcraft and she was hanged in 1582 . A century later , Mary Trembles and Susanna Edwards were begging for food in Exeter , England , when a local woman blamed one of them for an illness and they were jailed . A jail visitor noticed Edwards ' shaky hands and suggested she was "  tormenting someone . " It started a string of rumors that resulted in an accusation of witchcraft , and the women were executed in 1682 . In 1645 , clergyman John Lowes was regarded as too attached to Catholicism in a strongly Reformed area . He had already defended himself once against witchcraft when he came to the attention of a notorious zealot named Matthew Hopkins . Hopkins made Lowes walk for days and nights until he was unable to resistconfessing to being a witch . Lowes was hanged in Bury St. Edmunds , England , after conducting his own funeral . "  Today we are well aware that these individuals were neither capable of harmful magic nor in league with the devil , " Callow said . He said the endemic poverty of the 16th to 18th centuries put pressure on leaders and the judiciary to blame someone for society 's problems -- so they decided to blame witches . "  A lot of these cases were score-settling in local communities , " Webb said , adding many cases of alleged witchcraft were n't even reported . "  The notion that people could suspend their disbelief and believe that women were talking to toads -- just horrible times . Horrible times . " In 2004 , one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for the 81 accused witches that had been put to death there . The independent baron court in Prestonpans , near Edinburgh , pardoned them before the court was officially disbanded in November of that year . In its ruling , the court pardoned both the accused witches and their cats who , it said , were executed for "  conjuration or sorcery . " It said their convictions were based on insufficient evidence that often relied on "  voices " or the actions of "  spirits " to attest to their guilt . A separate group petitioned the Scottish parliament last month , asking for pardons for each of the 4,000 witches who were put to death across the nation . Ewan Irvine , a medium with Full Moon Investigations , acknowledged it 's unlikely they will get a pardon for every accused witch , so the group is going ahead with a private memorial in Scotland instead . "  It would be an apology to all those accused , " said Irvine , whose group investigates the paranormal . Webb said while few people today may believe those men and women deserved execution , their stories still generate suspicion and stigma . That extends to modern-day criticism of children dressing as witches at Halloween with the idea that it 's evil or connected to the devil , he said . "  Witches were not emissaries of Satan , " Webb said . "  They were in fact persecuted women and men who deserve a pardon . " A spokesman for the Ministry of Justice would not comment on the case but said the granting of such a pardon is extremely rare . "  To receive a royal pardon , the test is a high one , " the spokesman said . "  Evidence must prove conclusively that no offense was committed or that the applicant did not commit the offense . It is not enough that the conviction may be unsafe -- the applicant must be technically and morally innocent . " Accused witches were also tried and put to death in the famous Salem witch trials in the U.S. state of Massachusetts in the late 1600s , but all were later pardoned , said Alison D'Amario , director of education at the Salem Witch Museum . The names of 14 were cleared in 1711 after their families applied to the government , D'Amario said . Gov. Foster Furcolo cleared one name in 1957 , and then-Gov . Jane Swift cleared the remaining five in 2001 , she said . "  Their names are now on a list that makes it seem as though they were innocent , which they surely were , " D'Amario said .	Petition seeks pardon for UK witches hundreds of years after their deaths Around 400 people were executed in England for alleged witchcraft The Witchcraft Act of 1735 put an end to trials of accused witches In 2004 one Scottish town managed to get a pardon for 81 accused witches
CNN  -- Liverpool striker Ryan Babel has been charged with improper conduct by the English Football Association  FA  following his criticism of referee Howard Webb on Twitter . Webb , who took charge of the 2010 World Cup final between Spain and the Netherlands , awarded a controversial first minute penalty against Liverpool in their 1-0 FA Cup third round defeat to Manchester United on Sunday . Webb also sent off Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard for a first half challenge on Michael Carrick , again hotly disputed . Dutch international Babel used his Twitter blog to post a mocked-up picture of Webb wearing a Manchester United shirt . Dalglish makes losing start as Liverpool go out Babel also wrote : "  And they call him one of the best referees ? That 's a joke . " The 24-year-old later apologized , saying his remarks were light-hearted . "  My apology if they take my posted pic seriously . This is just an emotional reaction after losing an important game . "  Sorry Howard Webb . " In a statement Monday , the FA said the charge "  relates to comments and images published by the player on Twitter concerning referee Howard Webb . " Babel has until Thursday to respond to the charge , the first time such action has been taken by the FA over a Twitter posting . He has previously run into problems over his tweets , having to apologize for former Liverpool manager Rafael Benitez after being dropped from the team .	Ryan Babel is the first footballer to be charged by FA over a Twitter posting Babel used a mock-up picture of referee Howard Webb and made derogatory comments The Dutch international could face a ban if found guilty of charges
CNN  -- A visit to the Aloha State rates high on many a travel wish list . Warm , floral breezes skip across the remote and spectacular Hawaiian Islands , home to some of the world 's most beautiful beaches , lush rainforests , lava-laced volcanoes , and more . iReporter Adrienne Papania , of Cincinnati , Ohio , recently returned from an island-hopping Hawaiian getaway . Papania , 58 , and her sister , brother and sister-in-law jumped between Oahu , Kauai , Maui and the Big Island . The group stayed mostly in oceanfront two-bedroom condos . Their experience at Kahana Village in Lahaina , Maui , was particularly welcoming , complete with a festive Mai Tai party with live Hawaiian music . "  Honestly , though , while all of our accommodations were great , we were not in our rooms much since we had a lot of exploring to do , " Papania said . Papania shared her favorite discoveries on iReport.com : Do n't - miss experiences Oahu : Hike up Diamond Head Crater -- It was n't an easy trek for us , but the views once we arrived were breathtaking . Kauai : Helicopter tour of the island -- You ca n't get to some parts of the island very easily without hiking , so the ride provides a panoramic view of what we would not have seen . This trip was very much worth the money ! Maui : Sunrise at Haleakala -- We were told it would be cold when we did the sunrise at Haleakala ... and it was ! Fifty degrees does n't sound too bad , but we sure were freezing even with jackets and blankets . But the experience is not to be missed . Big Island : Black Sand Beach -- This was an unexpected stop on our way to the Volcanoes National Park . The sand there is literally black , a byproduct of the lava that surrounds the island . It was absolutely gorgeous , and there were several huge sea turtles close to the shore . All islands : Fabulous sunsets Share your recent travel tales on iReport.com : Just back from First impressions . Did they change ? Impressions changed dramatically from island to island . They each are so different and beautiful , from the populous , energy-filled Oahu , to the lush environment of Kauai , the valleys of Maui and the lava terrain of the Big Island . Travel Snapshots : Natural beauty shines in Aloha State Lasting memory For me , the most significant lasting memory  and it 's hard to pick one  was the Black Sand Beach . It was something I had never seen before , and it was just beautiful beyond words . Three adjectives that capture this place Scenic ; distinctive ; adventure-filled .  And I 'll throw in beautiful ! Biggest surprise My biggest surprise was the helicopter ride on Kauai . We would have missed a lot of the beauty of that island , especially the Na Pali Coast and the Waimea Canyon . I would highly recommend -LSB- Blue Hawaiian Helicopters -RSB- . I was very apprehensive about the idea of a helicopter ride and even took a motion sickness prevention pill just in case . But our pilot , Dawn , who was a former Coast Guard pilot , did a great job . The ride did n't come cheap , but it was a ride of a lifetime ! We all agreed we would do it again , maybe on the Big Island next time . Most delicious food or drink Our favorite meal was in Hilo on the Big Island at a place called the Hilo Bay Cafe . We had macadamia nut-crusted scallops , and they were absolutely delicious . Our favorite drinks were at the luau in Old Lahaina on Maui , where they served a tasty frozen lava flow . You use rum , coconut rum , strawberries , banana , pineapple juice and coconut cream . It 's a recipe we hope to replicate at home soon ! The whole night was a great experience , starting with receiving our gorgeous fuchsia/white plumeria leis ; watching the natives display their craft skills around the perimeter of the venue  making jewelry , woodworking , weaving palms into flowers and animals , making poi , etc.  ; watching the removal of the pig from the imu ; a great meal ; and finally the show . The dancers were incredible , and all the songs followed a tale they wove into a story of their Hawaiian heritage . Have you been to Hawaii ? Share your comments below and post your travel tales on iReport.com : Just back from .	iReporter Adrienne Papania recommends a helicopter tour to see remote Kauai A black sand beach on the Big Island made a lasting impression on Papania Macadamia nut-crusted scallops at Hilo Bay Cafe made for the top culinary moment
Hong Kong  CNN  -- A nearly 9-hour flight delay turned into a standoff at Hong Kong airport Wednesday , with passengers refusing to leave the plane for 5-hours until the airline agreed to higher compensation . The incident underscores just how high tensions can rise in modern air travel with passengers and airlines jockeying it out in a low-frill , high-fee world . There is no global standard for passenger compensation in the case of airline delays and wide gulf can exist between passenger expectations and airline offers . When Hong Kong Airlines flight 752 from Singapore arrived at 530 a.m. Wednesday morning , the airline says 80 passengers refused to get off . The travelers , mainly members of package tours from mainland China , demanded the airline increase the original compensation offer of $ 50 per passenger . Twenty-one of the passengers stayed on board for another five hours , requesting reimbursement for the unused hotel rooms they had paid for the night before . The airport police were called in to negotiate and the passengers finally at 10:25 a.m. , after the airline agreed to pay them $ 150 . Hong Kong 's I-Cable News quoted one passenger who said it was n't the money , but the attitude of the airline that irked them . This is n't the first such incident in Hong Kong . The Standard newspaper reported in February that a group of Mainland tourists staged an all-night protest in the airport over flight delays . Hong Kong Airlines spokesperson Eva Chan blamed the incident on cultural differences . "  Our air staff never had any bad attitude towards the passenger , " she said . "  They tried to negotiate and explain that the compensation policy of HK airlines is different from mainland Chinese airlines . " The irate travelers would likely have been better off if they had been traveling within the European Union . The EU requires passengers be compensated between $ 330 and $ 800 if their flight is delayed by two hours or more , depending on the flight length . However , the airline can claim exclusion for "  extraordinary circumstances , " including weather and security incidences . The United States has no federal regulation on delay compensation , but it has instituted regulations that penalize airlines if passengers are stuck in a plane on the tarmac for more than three hours . The Department Transportation just fined an American Airlines ' subsidiary $ 900,000 , in the first penalty since the regulations went into effect last year .	A nearly 9-hour flight delay turned into a standoff at Hong Kong airport Wednesday Passengers refusing to leave the plane for 5-hours until the airline agreed to pay
CNN  As we approach April 27 when South Africa marks the anniversary of the first post-apartheid elections held that day in 1994 , we are faced with yet another wave of deadly attacks against African migrants . Outrage triggered by this violence is being heard loudly throughout social media with " #WeAreAfrica " showcasing the need for a common front against this affront . These recurring attacks against migrants and their property might be read as one more indication of how the rainbow nation 's dream has faltered . That vision not only symbolized a multi-ethnic South Africa , but one where living in dignity is shared across racial and class lines . Attacks against newcomers in South Africa are often reduced to attitudes of hate and resentment towards other black Africans . The national and international headlines use "  xenophobia " as if any one word can convey the multifaceted crisis within which this phenomenon occurs . Labeling this turmoil as xenophobic fails to convey the conditions in which African migrants are scapegoated for the persistent legacy of apartheid in the post-liberation era . This word also does not tell us that extreme poverty now exceeds that experienced under apartheid . And it certainly does not account for how extreme inequality is now fully embraced and normalized by a new black elite joining the "  white-haves " of yesteryear . The question of why foreign blacks are targeted and not foreign whites is also repeated ad nauseam , as if the majority of black citizens and African migrants share any common spaces and experiences with white South Africans or white foreigners . Contact between the majority of African migrant groups and native black South Africans mostly occurs in under-developed informal settlements and townships . In the interaction and competition between these groups in these spaces , we need to be wary of the simplistic treatment of South Africa 's ailment as xenophobia . Such labeling does not and can not explain the totality of the contact , competition and conflict between native poor black South Africans and foreign African entrepreneurs . Attention as to how such interactions occur in an environment where a vast portion of South Africa 's black majority experiences segregation , persistent and relative poverty , and high crime rates in post-apartheid South Africa is paramount . Neglecting access to social rights , such as water , electricity , education and other services , is tantamount to violence by political leaders against the poor . Condemning and prosecuting those who incite violence is essential to maintaining law and order and protecting those vulnerable because of their nationality . But the evictions , harassment and ultimately brutal killings of foreigners can not and should not be separated from the daily brutal violence poor South Africans in informal settlements and many townships experience . It can not and should not be separated from South Africa 's status as one of the most unequal societies in the world ; it can not and should not be separated from the fact that South Africa has one of the highest homicide levels in the world . A mantra of xenophobia wishes away the fact that the everyday lives of those in vulnerable positions in this society  the poor , the disabled , women , children , the elderly  are filled with violence similar -- if not worse -- than that facing African foreigners eking out a living in the midst of abject poverty . Labeling South Africa 's poor blacks as ungrateful and amnesiac to the history of hospitality other Africans bestowed on their exiles under apartheid does a disservice to both the local poor whose citizenship rights are marginal at best and the resilient migrants in search of asylum and dignity . Such labeling only serves politicians and the elites who are sealed off by barbed wire surrounded by a security industry that outspends and outnumbers South Africa 's police force . It allows corruption to persist while the political leaders who are implicated in this violence scapegoat "  criminal youth " to further fill an overflowing prison industry . Religious and civil society leaders ' recent mobilization saying "  not in our name " in reaction to violence against migrants should be applauded . But religious , civil society and student groups also have an obligation to organize and denounce the inequality and the violence that is the everyday lot of the extremely poor in South Africa . Pervasive misery and corruption in the midst of a nation with so much potential should not be tolerated . Neither a hashtag of outrage #WeAreAfrica nor the expedience of the label "  xenophobia " can wish away the angst , violence and the impending crisis in South Africa . Migrants ' security and dignity is part and parcel of a greater security and dignity for all South Africans , which seem deferred for now .	Xenophobia can not explain the conflict between native poor black South Africans and foreign African entrepreneurs , says Abdi Killings of foreigners can not be separated from the brutal violence poor South Africans experience , she adds .
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Zsa Zsa Gabor suffered another health setback Wednesday morning , the latest in a series of medical struggles for the 94-year-old actress , her husband said . "  She got into a little coma , " Prince Frederic von Anhalt said . Gabor was taken to Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center Tuesday afternoon because the feeding tube inserted into her stomach was "  bleeding ... like a fountain , " her spokesman said . She had been released from the same hospital a day earlier after being treated for pneumonia . Doctors were working hard on her Wednesday afternoon , von Anhalt said . "  She does n't respond , " Prince Frederic von Anhalt said . He said she is suffering from a stomach infection . Gabor , 94 , has been in and out of the hospital many times in the past year . She underwent hip replacement surgery last summer and a leg amputation several months later . She has been unable to walk since a 2002 car accident . The Hungarian-born actress , the second of the three celebrated Gabor sisters , is famous for her many marriages and strong personality . Her more prominent films include John Huston 's Toulouse-Lautrec biopic "  Moulin Rouge " in 1952 , "  The Story of Three Loves " in 1953 , "  The Girl in the Kremlin " in 1957 and Orson Welles ' 1958 cult classic , "  Touch of Evil . "	Gabor "  got into a little coma " early Wednesday , her husband says Gabor suffers from a stomach infection , he says The 94-year-old actress is in Ronald Reagan UCLA Medical Center
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- As the man in the Dodgers jersey walked quickly around the perimeter of the infield , fans poured down from the bleachers begging for autographs . Pitbull says he learns from setbacks : "  Usually the negatives turned out to be the most positive for me . " No , it was n't home run king Manny Ramirez . It was Armando Christian Perez , the Cuban-American rapper better known as Pitbull . In five years , he 's gone from a mouthy Miami street hustler to a chart-topping hip-hop star whose infectious Caribbean beats have enticed crossover audiences to swing their hips and sing along -- even taking on some of the words in Spanish . His fourth studio album , "  Rebelution , " debuted in the Top 10 on the mainstream Billboard chart . But Pitbull 's growing profile means nada as he takes the mound to throw out the ceremonial first pitch of the game . "  I 'm the only Cuban who never picked up a baseball in his life , " he said , preparing . He awkwardly winds up and releases the pitch . It falls short , bouncing on the ground before reaching the plate . "  One more try ! " he signals . The second attempt is closer to the mark . It 's symbolic of Pit 's career . "  It 's not how you start . It 's how you finish it , " he likes to say . Watch how Pitbull leads his "  Rebelution " " Tommy Lasorda , the legendary Dodgers manager , is waiting to bust his chops as he leaves the infield . Later , we get the scoop on the conversation .  By the way , the Dodgers won that game . CNN : Tommy Lasorda was out there giving you a little bit of grief . Pitbull : Tommy Lasorda told me , "  It was the worst throw I 've ever seen in my life ! " I said , "  Well , I 'll throw you in the studio . You rap , I 'll play baseball . " He goes , "  I 'll rap a whole lot better than that throw ! "  Laughs CNN : How much do you deflect things with humor ? Pitbull : -LSB- Humor is -RSB- everything . Everything . Usually the negatives turned out to be the most positive for me . In the music industry , any other artist would have looked at the situation I was in and thought , "  Oh man , this is not for me . " I looked at it more like -LSB- Darwin exploring -RSB- the Galápagos Islands . You know -- survival of the fittest . CNN : Were you a troublemaker growing up ? Pitbull : Not a troublemaker . I 'm sharp . Slick , if you want to call it . What the street taught me how to do is how to hustle . How to make something out of nothing . CNN : In the music industry , street cred may help an artist . Pitbull : Anybody who 's made it out of the street -- they want to do this  places index finger over his lips  . Shh . CNN : Even though some of the struggles are similar , there does n't seem to be a lot of crossover between African-American hip-hop artists and Latin-American hip-hop artists . Pitbull : You ca n't get a Diddy or Jay-Z to speak to the Latins . It 's not gon na happen . There 's a force field where they said , "  OK , we 're going to let you here -- but that 's it . " Diddy got the closest . Why ? Because he had J. Lo . The only reason my grandmother knows Puff Daddy is because of J. Lo . But he could n't cross that barrier . So as far as myself -- I guess I 'm their role model . CNN : How much do you want to cross over ? Pitbull : I have respect for Jay-Z and Diddy for what they did in the hip-hop game . But I want to be Celia Cruz . I want to be Gloria Estefan -LSB- both were born in Cuba -RSB- . I want to enterprise -- open clubs and restaurants . They 've done it also -- but those are who I look up to . CNN : Your parents were both born in Cuba . Pitbull : They did n't want to leave Cuba ! They would have stayed in Cuba . They did n't want to get out of there . There were forced out of that country . CNN : How did they come to Miami ? Pitbull : My grandmother fought in the -LSB- Cuban -RSB- revolutionary war actually with Castro , because everybody thought that Batista was corrupt . I 'm not saying that he was n't , but it 's almost like the lesser of two evils . -LSB- When she became disillusioned with the Castro government -RSB- , my mother and my aunt got sent off in an operation called Peter Pan without their parents . She did n't see her mother for seven years . As far as my father -- he came over also . He did n't come in the Peter Pan , but they fled the country . CNN : Would you ever go to Cuba and play a concert there ? Pitbull : No way . I 'd never go to Cuba and play a concert . -LSB- I 'd consider playing there -RSB- as soon as I know that it 's confirmed that Castro 's out of there . I mean , if you ask me , I think Castro 's been dead for years . He handed power to Raúl , and he slips pictures here and there . He keeps giving these pictures to the media with the same shirt on -- same jacket , same everything . CNN : How do you feel about other artists of your generation who feel compelled to go and perform in Cuba as kind of an olive branch ? Pitbull : Juanes just did it . Papa , you ca n't change Cuba . History will tell you that you ca n't change Cuba . I respect him as an artist -- he 's like U2 , the Bono of Spanish . I do n't respect his decision . Maybe he does n't really understand it at the end of the day because he 's not Cuban . -LSB- Juanes is Colombian . -RSB- But to each his own . There 's too much suffering , too much pain from people who left that island , that have come over here and tried to change their life . CNN : Even though you were born in America , how much are you influenced by your Cuban roots ? Pitbull : My mother , she 's like , "  Look , you 're American , son . You were born here in the States . " My father ? My father said , "  You 're Cuban-American . " My mother would call me Chris , because my middle name 's Christian . My father would say , "  No , your name 's Armando . " But in my blood , what it tells me is , "  You 're Cuban-American . " The music is what makes you , the food is what makes you , the way you 've been taught mentally .	Pitbull has had some crossover success ; his new album debuted in Top 10 Hip-hop artist has Cuban heritage , has balanced that with American upbringing He says he 's not fazed by failure : negatives can lead to positives , he says
CNN  -- A fourth man has pleaded guilty to a federal hate crime in the death of a black man who was beaten by a gang of young whites , then run over by a pickup truck driven by one of them in Mississippi in 2011 . In a separate but related case , another Mississippi man admitted he was part of a group of whites who carried out other racial attacks against African-Americans around the same time . William Kirk Montgomery , 23 , from Puckett , Mississippi , pleaded guilty Tuesday to federal hate-crime charges in the death of James Craig Anderson , who was murdered on June 26 , 2011 , in Jackson , Mississippi , the prosecutor says . Jonathan Gaskamp , 20 , admitted to two federal hate crime charges in other attacks carried out on other African-Americans in or around Jackson . James Craig Anderson , 47 , died after he was beaten and run over by a truck driven by Deryl Dedmon , who was part of a group of seven whites , mostly teenagers , from largely white Rankin County who decided to "  go f**k with some n ***** s " after a night of partying and drinking , law enforcement officials have said , quoting some of the suspects in the case . Life sentence in Mississippi hate crime case Montgomery was one of the ones who left that party in search of a victim . Anderson , a worker at a local auto plant , was outside a Jackson hotel when he was confronted by the group . Anderson 's death became national news after CNN obtained and aired videotape capturing the gruesome murder as it happened . The death of the black man , and the shocking videotape showing the murder , prompted several large marches and prayer vigils in Jackson , a city of about 537,000 people . On the videotape , two vehicles carrying the group of whites pull into the parking lot and stop where Anderson is standing , although he is just off camera and not visible . The young men can then be seen going back and forth between their cars and Anderson . Witnesses told authorities this is when Anderson 's beating took place , as the whites yelled racial epithets , including "  white power . " On the videotape , Anderson first comes into view in the lower right corner of the screen , after he was beaten , according to police . He staggers into the headlights of the green F-250 truck , his white shirt easily visible . The truck backs up , then suddenly surges forward . As the truck nears the defenseless man , its headlights glow brightly on his shirt before he suddenly disappears underneath it . Three of the other whites who were there that night pleaded guilty to federal hate crimes earlier this year . Dedmon , John Aaron Rice and Dylan Butler , all now around age 20 , each admitted to conspiracy and violating the 2009 federal hate-crimes law . They face sentences of up to life in prison and $ 250,000 in fines , federal prosecutors said . Dedmon also pleaded guilty to state murder and hate-crime charges in a state court and was sentenced to life in prison . Murder suspect carried ` backpack of hatred ' Gaskamp was at a party with the others when they discussed going out to hunt and hurt blacks on the night Anderson was killed , authorities said , but he was not present when the group came upon Anderson . However , he was present at other attacks at other times , prosecutors now say . CNN had reported previously that the attack on Anderson was only one of a number of racial attacks carried out by the gang of young whites and others who were with them at various times , based on witness accounts and sources close to the investigation . Prosecutors have long told CNN that the additional attacks might bring more arrests or charges . Various groupings of the young men would , at various times , hunt out and target blacks , or others who appeared homeless or drunk , prosecutors said . These people were likely targeted , authorities said , because the group members believed they would be less likely to report attacks to police or to fight back . In these other attacks , according to prosecutors Tuesday , the group of white young men , sometimes along with young women , on numerous occasions drove from Rankin County , which is mostly white , over to Jackson , which is mostly black , specifically with the intent of assaulting blacks . Group members would often boast about what they had done later , prosecutors said . In late 2011 CNN filmed an interview with one former member of the gang who had changed his ways and felt bad about their behavior . That former member told CNN on camera that the group of whites would "  go out hunting " for blacks to hurt on weekends . But until Gaskamp 's plea Tuesday , no details of such attacks had been made public , or had even been substantiated . In one of the other incidents the gang carried out , prosecutors say , Gaskamp and other white teens drove to Jackson to find an African-American to assault , and Gaskamp brought with him a .40 - caliber handgun . The group hurled beer bottles at numerous black pedestrians they ran across . Then , after seeing one black man who appeared to be drunk , a group of white teens set upon him , according to prosecutors . In that incident , prosecutors say , Dedmon , Rice and Gaskamp were among the ones who punched and kicked the man repeatedly on his face and all around his body , "  until the man begged for his life . " After the group left the man beaten and wounded on the street , Gaskamp wanted to go back "  so that he could use the gun he had brought with him to shoot the African-American man they just assaulted , " according to court papers . But the group did not go back that night . "  These teens laughed and boasted about what they had done , " said Robert Shuler Smith , the district attorney for Jackson and the main prosecutor in the case . And in court , federal prosecutor Sheldon Beer said , "  Members of the group thought it was funny that the man pleaded for his life . " Gaskamp could be sentenced to up to five years in prison for one count and 10 years for the other , Smith said . Montgomery faces up to five years for one count and up to life in prison for the other . Prosecutors tell CNN there may be other arrests or charges . "  This case is not over , " Smith said . "  This is still ongoing . We would like to pursue justice fully for the Anderson family . We want the Anderson family to be pleased at the end of this case that justice was done . "	William Kirk Montgomery of Puckett , Mississippi , pleads guilty to federal hate-crime charges James Craig Anderson , 47 , died after he was beaten and run over by a truck Three others who took part in the Jackson , Mississippi , slaying pleaded guilty previously Jonathan Gaskamp admits he was with the group during another beating
CNN  -- A Seattle man was sentenced to 18 years in prison on Monday for plotting to attack a military processing center using grenades and machine guns , the Justice Department said . Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif , also known as Anthony Davis , pleaded guilty in December to conspiracy to murder U.S. military members and to conspiracy to use weapons of mass destruction , namely explosives . According to U.S. District Judge James Robart , the 2011 plot to attack recruits at the Military Entrance Processing Center in Seattle "  could have done incredible harm if it had gone forward . " The plot was thwarted when Abdul-Latif , 34 , approached an individual about participating in the attack and supplying guns , prosecutors said . That person then began working with law enforcement . Authorities began monitoring Abdul-Latif and co-conspirator Walli Mujahidh , 33 , and recorded them in June 2011 discussing a plan to go after the processing center . Abdul-Latif wanted to use grenades and machine guns and took steps to buy those arms . The person who was secretly cooperating with law enforcement brought three machine guns to a meeting with the pair . As soon as the men accepted the guns , which had been rendered harmless , they were arrested . "  This defendant planned to attack a military center when there would be the largest possible gathering of new recruits and their families , " said Jenny Durkan , the U.S. Attorney in Seattle . "  He targeted young men and women solely because they wanted to serve our country . His goal : to inspire others with a message of hate . " Prosecutors recommended a lengthy prison term and said Abdul-Latif had not expressed any remorse or disavowed the radical ideology that led him to undertake the plot . Mujahidh is scheduled to be sentenced on April 8 .	Plan was to attack a military processing center using grenades and machine guns Abu Khalid Abdul-Latif , also known as Anthony Davis , pleaded guilty in December Judge says attack could have done ` incredible harm ' had it gone forward NEW : Authorities were monitoring Abdul-Latif and co-conspirator
Indulgent resorts . Beautiful everything . Bora Bora is called paradise for a reason . And visitors return home with the exact photos of the island 's towering Mount Pahia and Mount Otemanu , the thatched roofs of over-water bungalows and a magenta sunset over the sparkling ocean . Do n't do it ! There 's a lot more to French Polynesia . The country is made up of 118 islands and atolls covering a stretch of ocean roughly the size of Europe . The culture extends far beyond seashell necklaces , tiki souvenirs and Monoi oil suntans . After flying into Tahiti 's main airport , there 's a network of islands reachable by plane or boat . This is where some of the best of French Polynesia 's ocean adventures , cultural exploration , and , yes , romance , begins . More : 10 islands for every type of traveler 1 . Taha'a Part of the Society Islands , the island of Taha'a is the premier place for Polynesian exports , including perfect black pearls and vanilla , grown on lush plantations . Chefs at top restaurants around the world specifically order Taha'a 's fragrant vanilla beans . In Taha'a , it 's worth going five-star . Le Taha'a Island Resort & Spa has restaurants and lounges built into trees , as well as 48 over-water bungalows atop a translucent lagoon . With a knowledgeable staff , you get resort-quality service without pretense . Le Taha'a Island Resort & Spa , Taha'a ; +689 507601 ; from $ 708 for couples 2 . Rangiroa Part of the Society Islands , Rangiroa is called the "  infinite lagoon . " It 's one of the largest atolls in the world . Divers around Rangiroa can spot tiger and hammerhead sharks , as well as dolphins , green turtles and eagle rays beyond the reef . Rangiroa is the hub of French Polynesia 's wine industry . Vines grow along the lagoon next to coconut groves and grapes are brought to the local winery by boat . Raira Lagon , Avatoru , Rangiroa ; +689 931230 ; from $ 165 per person 3 . Fatu Hiva The word tattoo originated in Polynesia , and the region 's best artists come from Fatu Hiva . Captain James Cook brought the Polynesian art form to the West after he and other explorers were influenced by the tattoos they saw in the Marquesas , a group of volcanic islands in French Polynesia and one of the five administrative divisions in the archipelago . You can still see local tribes with head-to-toe tattoos on Fatu Hiva . The art form , which tells the mythology of the South Pacific islands , is experiencing a resurgence there today . Fatu Hiva also offers gorgeous wilderness typical of the Marquesas . Trekking through the lush but hot jungles of the islands and narrow valleys is n't for the inexperienced , but it 's worth the journey . Pension Chez Lionel serves a tasty local meal of plantains , goat meat and poe  fruit pudding  . Chez Lionel , Fatu Hiva ; +689 928184 ; from $ 48 a night More : Belize : 7 of its most stunning islands 4 . Moorea In recent years Moorea has been gaining on Bora Bora as the area 's best honeymoon location . Many argue it rivals Bora Bora for natural splendor . It has low mountains rising above wide meadows of grass and ferns , fields growing coffee , pineapple and sugarcane , and villages encircled by gardens of bright hibiscus . It 's a 30-minute catamaran ride from Tahiti . The Intercontinental Moorea has its own dolphin center for an up-close swimming experience , as well as singular amenities like room service by canoe and a spa flower bath experience . Intercontinental Resort and Spa Moorea , Moorea ; +689 551919 ; from $ 262 5 . Rurutu Better known as the Island of Whales , Rurutu is encircled by tall cliffs of ancient coral . This ring attracts mating humpback whales every year from July to August . Rurutu is worth visiting year round for the unique coral snorkeling experience , white sand beaches and incredible biking on the nearly car-free island . Manotel , Moeral , Rurutu ; +689 930225 ; from $ 66 6 . Hiva Oa The Marquesas bring an authentic Polynesian experience to the island experience , as opposed to say , a honeymoon resort so big you need a golf cart to get around . This mysterious set of islands remains mostly untouched by modern tourism , with raw beauty that influenced Herman Melville and Robert Louis Stevenson . Singer Jacques Brel and painter Paul Gauguin spent their last days on the island of Hiva Oa , famous for its untamed landscapes , as well as archaeological wonders like giant stone tiki dotting the island , in addition to a proud local culture welcoming of visitors . The Paul Gauguin Cultural Centre pays tribute to his philosophy of "  escaping to reach art , " and features a replica of his own Maison du Jounir  House of Pleasure  . The Paul Gauguin Cultural Centre , Atuona , Hiva Oa ; +689 927897 7 . Nuku Hiva Nuku Hiva is best suited for adventurous types who 'd rather forgo the sun lounger and spend their vacation hiking through jungles or horseback riding across the island 's desolate roads . Nuku Hiva is filled with natural wonders from volcanic cliffs to thousand-foot waterfalls , with water that evaporates before it touches the ground . The island is a key spot for archaeological sites , with Taipivai Valley housing several temples and large tiki , and the village of Hatiheu offering walking tours of petroglyphs and ruins . Pension Koku'u , Taiohae , Nuku Hiva ; +689 920774 ; from $ 57 a night for bed and breakfast More : Go barefoot or go home : 15 best islands you 've never heard of 8 . Huahine Huahine is good for exploration by canoe or glass-bottom boat . The island 's crisp waves attract surfers year round . Huahine also features the world 's longest and largest open-ocean canoe race . The island 's lush vegetation includes giant bananas and melons . Lively bike tours will take you straight through fragrant vanilla plantations . Lakeside villas atop lily pads and palm trees at the Maitai Lapita Village provide a serene alternative to the typical ocean bungalow . Maitai Lapita Village Huahine , Huahine ; +689 688080 ; bungalows from $ 268 9 . Manihi Another large coral atoll , Manihi offers a true castaway vacation , where few tourists venture . If you do n't mind the occasional power outage and lack of imported food , you 'll love this place . The airport is a simple straw hut , with an airstrip that doubles as the site of the best stargazing in the area . Manihi 's salty waters provide the perfect environment for growing pearls . French Polynesia 's first pearl farm was started here in 1968 . But pearls are best bought back to Tahiti . The pearl farm prices are surprisingly inflated . Nanihi Paradise , Manihi ; +689 933040 ; rates start at $ 121 10 . Maupiti At the far west of the Society Islands , Maupiti is a small volcanic island surrounded by a coral atoll . With its own high peaks , Maupiti is like a mini Bora Bora , without all the glitz . Its five islets seem created for boat rides and beach-side picnics . Mount Teurufaaitu is the highest point on the island , with incredible views of Raiatea , Bora Bora and Taha'a . As the oldest of the Society Islands , Maupiti is covered with archeological remains dating to 850 AD . Incredible turtle petroglyphs tell the story of the island 's birth . You 'll only find bed and breakfasts here , as locals actively campaign to keep away big resorts . Le Kuriri , Maupiti ; +689 678223 ; from $ 138 per person 11 . Tetiaroa After scouting locations for his film "  Mutiny on the Bounty " in 1960 , Marlon Brando fell in love with the French Polynesian lifestyle , a paradise he described as "  chiffon in the wind . " He bought the island of Tetiaroa , a previous vacation spot for Tahitian royalty . After years of planning , the Brando Resort is finally opening in July 2014 , to be powered by renewable resources such as coconut fuel , solar power and deep-ocean water cooling . Focusing on private luxury , each of the 35 villas on the island offers its own plunge pool , terrace and coconut tree grove , all next to a private beach . Guests can cruise the lagoons by paddle boarding , book a traditional beauty ritual at the Queen 's Spa or learn about Tetiaroa 's royal history at the Culture Lounge . The Brando , Tetiaroa Private Island ; info@thebrando.com; reservations open in early 2014 More : Which Greek island should you go to ? 12 . Mangareva At the center of the Gambier Islands , the islands at the end of the world , more than a thousand miles southeast of Tahiti , sits Mangareva . A hub of Catholic missionaries in the 19th century , its village of Rikitea is home to the neo-Gothic 1848 St. Michael 's Cathedral , constructed of fired limestone and inlaid with mother of pearl . The village center is filled with eerie stone ruins from the era , including watchtowers , a triumphal arch and a former prison . The hike up Mount Duff through high grass and pine forest offers the best panoramic views of the island . Not many tourists make it out to Mangareva -- Air Tahiti operates flights only once a week , guaranteeing a quiet getaway . The island is serviced by a handful of modest and hospitable pensions . Pension Bianca & Benoit , Rikitea , Mangareva ; +690 978376 ; from $ 95 a night per couple with breakfast 13 . Fakarava With an enormously fun name , Fakarava is known for its diverse ecosystem , marked by UNESCO as a Biosphere Reserve to preserve rare species . With only about 400 people living on the island , its atolls are virtually untouched , making it great for diving . Over-water bungalows are banned to protect the delicate coral in the area . While other pearl farms in Tahiti are often tourist traps , Fakarava offers a genuine exploration of the pearl trade . Motu Aito Paradise , Tuamotu , Fakarava ; +689 41 29 00 ; from $ 165 per person for full board 14 . Raiatea Ancient legends are still a daily part of Raiatea , Tahiti 's religious and cultural capital a thousand years ago . This sacred island is home to Taputapuatea , French Polynesia 's best-preserved historical site , full of religious artifacts and shrines . Here you can learn about how South Pacific civilization took shape . Today , Raiatea 's vast harbor serves as the starting point for private boat tours of the surrounding islands or deep-sea fishing tours . Opoa Beach Hotel , Taputapuatea , Raiatea ; +689 600510 ; from $ 265 per couple 15 . Tikehau Tikehau , an oval-shaped island covered in pink sand and surrounded by rich waters , has the best beaches in French Polynesia . Jacques Cousteau 's research group declared it the most fish-abundant atoll in Polynesia , which makes for incredible snorkeling just a few feet into the water . There are typical over-water bungalows or , for something different , Tikehau Ninamu Resort , a one of a kind property set in a forest of bamboo containing birds of paradise . Featuring just six bungalows , each house is crafted from local materials such as shells , palm leaves and coral . The Honeymoon suite treehouse feels like its own private paradise . And yet , it 's the only place on the island with working Wi-Fi . Ninamu , Tikehau ; +689 737810 ; $ 400 a night per person , all inclusive More : World 's 7 most dangerous and remote islands	French Polynesia has 118 islands and atolls to vacation on Rangiroa has tiger and hammerhead sharks , dolphins , green turtles and eagle rays Moorea rivals Bora Bora as a honeymoon location Nuku Hiva has adventurous jungle hiking and horseback riding across the island
CNN  -- As a strong proponent of parental responsibility , it both amuses and angers me to see some parents lining up behind an initiative to sue McDonald 's over the inclusion of toys in their Happy Meals . The Center for Science in the Public Interest is leading the charge in this case , pushing the state of California to ban the toys , suggesting that the toys in Happy Meals are inducing children to eat burgers and fries , thus contributing to the obesity epidemic in America . As I asserted a few weeks ago in my column supporting First Lady Michelle Obama 's Let 's Move initiative , I fully back efforts to end obesity among our children . But at what point do some folks use common sense ? For example , in a story in the Chicago Tribune , parent Monet Parham said her 6-year-old daughter was so enamored with toys offered in partnership with the movie , "  Shrek Forever After , " she pestered her mom to collect every toy . That would mean going to McDonald 's every week , since the promotion was a giveaway each week . And that 's not something Parham wanted . So instead of being a parent and telling her child , "  no , " Parham decided to become a plaintiff in the lawsuit . Instead being the grownup and not giving in to the demands of a 6-year-old , Parham thought it made more sense to sue McDonald 's to make her job as a parent easier . I 've long maintained that the problem today is n't children or the world changing . It 's punk parents changing . Yes , I know that 's a strong phrase , but when a parent ca n't control a 6-year-old , then we have some issues . Do I have any biological children ? Nope . But my wife and I at different times have raised six of my nieces . And when they lived in our home , we would take them to McDonald 's for a Happy Meal . And when we went , instead of fries , we would order them apples . Instead of a soda , we would get apple juice or milk . Yes , it was that simple . All we did was ask for the healthier options on the menu , and the girls were happy with their Happy Meals . Why is this so hard ? There is a fundamental role government can play when it comes to nutrition . Going after the cigarette makers who enticed children with cartoon characters to smoke ? Good . Limiting trans fats in cooking ? No problem here if it makes us healthier . But this is ridiculous . What we desperately need today are real parents . Parents who understand that it is not their job to be friends with their children but be parents . Parents who get that having a disappointed child who does n't get his or her way all the time is n't a bad thing . Parents who will give their child the right look when the child begins to act a fool and throw a tantrum . I am not one of these adults who subscribe to the notion that no one can tell them what to do and they can do it all . For instance , I support sex education in schools and do n't believe that we should leave that up to the parents . It 's called education for a reason ! Count me as a major supporter of schools changing their menus to have healthier eating options . And I 'm also down with school uniforms . The heck with the peer pressure of the haves and have nots based on designer clothes . None of these prevent parents from doing what they want to do with their children . It 's all about focusing on the broader needs of the child . What has to be understood is that a lawsuit is n't the answer to everything . And if we want our children to be healthier , banning a toy will do nothing to make that happen . Push McDonald 's to make healthy options more visible on the menu . I love the idea of having calorie counts on foods . It has changed my mind on many occasions as to what to buy in a fast food restaurant . Push fast food joints to have a health menu option by adding a salad , fruit and/or water instead of fries and a fountain drink . All of these make sense . Trying to ban a toy because a parent ca n't tell their child no is ludicrous . My nieces and nephews know full well that when it comes to who is in control , Uncle Ro Ro does n't play around . I 'm not their friend or buddy ; I 'm their uncle . What I say goes . I do n't negotiate . I do n't consult . I do n't give in . I make it clear : my money , my rules . As my dad told me , "  When you 're grown enough to pay all of your bills , you can make the call . " If a niece or nephew wants to go to McDonald 's every week for a month just to get a toy , and the deal is we only go once a month , here is the option : "  We go once a month or not at all . Your call . " Trust me , even the biggest child pest has enough sense to figure out that once a month is the better option . Parents , buck up and be the adult in the family , and stop blaming everything on an outside agency or corporation . Maybe McDonald 's should think of suing sorry parents for not doing their job . Now that 's a lawsuit I 'm willing to support . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Lawsuit asks California to ban Happy Meals , saying they encourage poor eating habits Roland Martin says parents want government to step in and prevent kids from bad choices He says it 's the role of parents to exercise control on what children eat Martin : Parents , take responsibility and stop blaming outside corporations
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Two additional suspects in the strangulation of an 89-year-old Holocaust survivor were arrested Friday , the Manhattan district attorney 's office said . Felix Brinkmann dances at a 2008 birthday party . "  He was not the kind of guy who had enemies , " his son says . Aljulah Cutts , 27 , and his brother Hasib , 30 , were taken into custody in Manhattan in connection with the death last week of Guido Felix Brinkmann , the district attorney 's office said . A spokeswoman declined to specify what , if any , connection the men are suspected to have had to the victim or to a woman previously arrested in the case . Police also would not say what charges the two might face . The woman , Angela Murray , 30 , of the Bronx , was arraigned Sunday on one count of murder in the second degree and three counts of robbery in the case . Brinkmann was found dead in the bedroom of his apartment July 30 , his hands tied behind his back , police said . A safe was missing from the apartment , and his car had been stolen . Brinkmann , a native of Latvia , was held in the Mauthausen , Ebensee and Auschwitz camps during World War II . After the war , he and his wife , who also survived Auschwitz , came to America . In 1971 , Brinkmann co-founded Adam 's Apple disco in Manhattan , and later was the real estate manager of a mixed-use building in the Bronx , according to his son , Rick Brinkman , who uses a different spelling for his last name . Brinkmann 's wife died last year . CNN 's Jason Kessler and Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	Man , brother taken into custody in connection with Guido Felix Brinkmann 's death Woman previously arrested in the case was arraigned Sunday Brinkmann , 89 , was found strangled last week in his Manhattan apartment A safe was missing from the apartment , and Brinkmann 's car had been stolen
Havana , Cuba  CNN  -- A Spanish politician is facing a charge of vehicular homicide for the car crash that killed prominent Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya , Cuba 's state press said Tuesday . Angel Carromero could be sentenced to up to 10 years in prison if found guilty . He is accused of speeding and then losing control of a car that he , Paya , Swedish politician Jans Aron Modig and Cuban dissident Harold Cepero were traveling in . Paya and Cepero were killed when the car struck a tree Sunday near Las Gavinas , Cuba . The men had been traveling across the island to meet some of Paya 's supporters in Santiago de Cuba when the crash occurred . The Cuban government said the crash was the result of a single-car accident . Paya had tried for decades to change Cuba 's single-party system of government . He delivered thousands of signatures in an unsuccessful attempt to force a national referendum and was a constant critic of the Cuban government . But Paya also had called for reconciliation between the polarized extremes that dominate the debate over Cuba 's future . Following Paya 's death , his family immediately accused Cuban authorities of foul play and said they had received information that another vehicle had forced the car Paya was in off the road . "  I ca n't take the word of the same government that wants to kill my husband , that threatened his life a ton of times , " Paya 's widow , Ofelia Acevedo , told CNN . Acevedo said over the years her family suffered frequent intimidations at the hands of Cuban state security . She said she would continue to have doubts about her husband 's death until she had the opportunity to interview both Modig and Carromero herself . "  I am asking for the intervention of an international organization that could send investigators here to do an analysis of the accident , " she said . On Tuesday , Cuba 's official press published a 1,539-word editorial on the crash titled "  Truth and reason . " The editorial announced that Carromero would face charges and that Modig would be permitted to return to Sweden . Both men had been held by Cuban authorities since the crash . Again the Cuban government denied any hand in Paya 's death . "  It 's not Cuba but the United States that displays a shameful record of political assassinations , extra-official executions , including drone strikes , " the editorial said . On Tuesday , Modig spoke to reporters at a hastily organized news conference . Members of the international media in Cuba were asked to arrive at the Cuban Press Center and then were taken by buses to a house were officers of Cuba 's Interior Ministry stood guard . Jans Aron Modig then walked into the room where the press had gathered . Sitting at a table with Cuban officials , Modig said he was sorry for having traveled to Cuba on a tourist visa to meet with members of the island 's dissident movements . He said he had come to "  understand that these activities are not legal in Cuba and I would like to apologize for coming here and doing illegal activities . " Modig denied that another vehicle had been involved in the crash . "  I have no memory of any other car , " he said , but refused to elaborate on how the accident took place . After less than 10 minutes of speaking to the press , Modig said he did not want to take any more questions and left the room . On Monday night , Cuban state-television showed about 20 minutes of video of the meeting with foreign journalists along with video of a separate and apparently longer news conference that Modig gave solely to Cuba 's government-controlled media outlets . Officials said holding two news conferences was necessary due "  to space issues " at the house where Modig spoke . Carromero , the Spanish politician , did not speak , but a clip of a video was shown by officials in which Carromero also said that the crash had been an accident . "  As far as the news reports that they have let me read , I ask that the international community focuses on getting me out of here , " Carromero said , "  and not use a traffic accident that could happen to anyone for political purposes . " Cuban state media usually does not discuss in such depth traffic accidents , much less what officials called "  small factions of dissidents . " Dissidents like Paya are generally referred to as "  traitors " and "  sell-outs " who have sided with the United States government over Cuba in the still-simmering war of words between the two countries . Paya 's family said they were trying to adapt to life without him and with the added scrutiny his death brought . "  All these things we have seen on TV and the accounts of what they call an accident is very unusual , " said Acevedo , Paya 's widow . "  But they do n't talk about who was Oswaldo Paya . "	Angel Carromero could be sentenced to 10 years in prison if found guilty , state media says Cuban dissident Oswaldo Paya died in the crash ; his family suspects government foul play Another person in the crash apologizes "  for coming here and doing illegal activities "
Gaza  CNN  -- An Israeli delegation has been ordered home from talks in Cairo aimed at ending the conflict in Gaza , a senior Israeli official said Tuesday , shortly after the Israeli military blamed militants in Gaza for breaking a truce . Palestinian negotiators placed the blame for the lack of progress in the talks on the Israelis . "  The Israeli delegation is still trying to impose  upon us  what they want , and this would be impossible for us to accept as Palestinians , " said Azzam Al Ahmad , head of the Palestinian negotiators . The Palestinians introduced their latest position to Egyptian and Israeli negotiators on Tuesday , and are awaiting a response , Al Ahmad said . By late Tuesday , the armed wing of Hamas -- the Qassam Brigades -- said on its website that it had fired 29 rockets into Israel in 20 minutes . The Israel Defense Forces , in response , launched airstrikes and ordered bomb shelters open within a 40 - to 80-kilometer range of Gaza . At least three people , including one infant , have been killed , and 52 people have been injured since the breakdown of the ceasefire , according to the Health Ministry in Gaza . As rocket attacks and airstrikes resumed , one interpretation of the Israelis leaving Cairo was that they had given up on negotiations . Another Palestinian leader , Izzat Risheq , looked at it another way , saying the Israelis took the newest proposal home with them to share with their government . "  The chances of an agreement are very slim , and the situation is very difficult , " he said . In the talks , Israel was calling for Gaza to be demilitarized , demanding that Hamas , which controls the territory , and other militant groups lay down their arms . Risheq said Monday that the group 's weapons were "  for self-defense " against Israel . "  But when we have our own Palestinian state with its own national army to protect its citizens , there will be no need for any party to carry any kind of weapons , " he said . Palestinians say Israel 's blockade is throttling the economy of the small , impoverished strip of land and the lives of its inhabitants . Among their demands are the rebuilding and reopening of Gaza 's airport and the establishment of a seaport . But Israeli authorities -- who retain control of Gaza 's airspace , Mediterranean waters and their shared border -- say releasing their grip on what goes into and out of the territory is n't feasible while Hamas and other groups are still building up their arsenals of weapons . Cease-fire unravels The rocket fire came only hours after the ceasefire was extended until the end of the day , as Palestinian and Israeli negotiators , struggling to reach a more lasting agreement , reported little progress . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu ordered the IDF to respond to the rockets , a senior Israeli official told CNN . An IDF statement shortly afterward said strikes were being carried out against targets in Gaza . Nine Palestinians , including three children , were wounded in an Israeli airstrike in Rafah , Ashraf el-Qedra , spokesman for the Palestinian Health Ministry in Gaza , told CNN . Al Aqsa TV reported airstrikes in northern and central Gaza , as well . The United States condemned the renewed rocket attacks , with a State Department official reiterating the U.S. position that Israel has a right to defend itself against such attacks . "  We hope that the parties can reach an agreement on a sustainable ceasefire , or if necessary , agree to yet another extension of their temporary ceasefire so they can continue in conversations , " Marie Harf , deputy spokeswoman , said . "  But as of right now , today 's developments , we are very concerned about and it is our understanding that ... the ceasefire has broken down . " Hamas blames Israel A thick plume of smoke could be seen rising from a building in southern Gaza apparently hit by an Israeli airstrike . A CNN team on the ground also saw earlier what appeared to be three rockets being fired from Gaza into Israel , leaving smoke trails in the sky . Shortly before the rockets were launched , Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum said in an e-mailed statement to CNN : "  If Netanyahu does not understand our message and people 's demands in Gaza through political language , we know a way to make him understand . " A banner on the Hamas-run Al-Aqsa TV blamed Israel for violating the truce . The conflict , which began in early July , has killed more than 2,000 Palestinians , leaving entire Gaza neighborhoods in rubble . The violence has killed 67 people on the Israeli side , with militants in Gaza firing roughly 3,500 rockets toward Israel . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Gaza , Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong , and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London . CNN 's Reza Sayah , John Vause , Amir Tal and Andrew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Three people , including an infant , are reported killed in Gaza Armed wing of Hamas says it fired 29 rockets into Israel "  It 's our understanding that ... the ceasefire has broken down , " a U.S. official says Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu orders the Israeli military to respond to rocket fire
Madrid  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of protesters amassed in Madrid and other Spanish cities on Saturday to voice their anger over harsh austerity and the way the country 's being run in the wake of its financial crisis . In Madrid , demonstrations turned violent and two police officers were injured , Spanish national police said on Twitter . Forty people were arrested . Madrid , Barcelona , Seville and Zaragoza were just a handful of the cities where big crowds conducted mass protests , dubbed the "  Marea Cuidadana "  Tide of Citizens  . Members of workers ' unions and civil society groups joined forces to swell their numbers . The crowds were dressed in colored shirts indicating what sector they work in . Ahead of the marches , organizers used the hashtags #MareaCiudadana , #F23 and #YoVoy23F on Twitter to help protesters link up . Read more : Welcome to Madrid , city of protests Many in Spain have been struggling since the global financial crisis knocked the bottom out of the country 's housing market and sparked a major recession that left thousands jobless . The country 's unemployment rate stands at 26 % -- its highest level ever -- and the situation is even worse for young people , with more than 55 % of 16 - to 24-year-olds out of work . With no income , many are finding themselves unable to afford the mortgage payments on homes that are no longer worth the prices paid for them . The situation has compelled growing numbers to demonstrate against what they see as the gross unfairness of everyday life in Spain in 2013 , where struggling citizens are evicted , even as hundreds of homes lie empty . In recent weeks , allegations of high-level corruption in Spain 's ruling conservative Popular Party have added to popular anger over the way the country is being run . Prime Minister Mariano Rajoy has strongly denied that he or other top conservatives have for years accepted secretive cash payments from the party . Gloria Rodriguez , a 49-year-old high school teacher who marched with fellow educators in the capital , Madrid , told CNN there are "  many reasons " to demonstrate against the government . Its cuts , not only to Spain 's education budget but also to spending on health , justice and social programs , seem designed to "  prevent the state being one that takes care of its citizens , " she said . "  I feel that people are getting angrier and angrier , not only because of the cuts but because of the latest news about corruption , " she said . "  However , I also feel that people are getting tired because we go out to the streets and we do n't get a reaction . " Activist Sofia de Roa , 28 , who works as a university press officer in Madrid , struck a similar note . She was one of the founders of Spain 's 15-M protest movement , set up by so-called "  Indignados " disenchanted with the way the country was being run and upset at a lack of prospects . "  It is a shame what the government does ; they operate as a totalitarian government with their cuts that are affecting everyone , especially in the public sector . The inequality in this country is horrific , " she told CNN . "  There are thousands of reasons for coming out to protest today . We are angry and tired . This government does n't listen to our calls for help . They treat us like idiots . And not only are n't they listening to our protests , they even criminalize our actions , " she said . Spain has witnessed frequent public demonstrations since thousands of Spaniards took to the streets in 2011 , inspiring the global "  Occupy " movement with their protest camp in Madrid 's Puerta del Sol . CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro reported from Spain and Per Nyberg from London , while Laura Smith-Spark wrote from London . CNN 's Al Goodman and Bryony Jones also contributed to this report .	NEW : Two police officers are injured and 40 people are arrested as protests turn violent "  People are getting angrier and angrier " over cuts , says a Madrid teacher Spain 's unemployment rate stands at 26 % , its highest level ever "  This government does n't listen to our calls for help , " says activist Sofia de Roa
CNN  -- In June 2004 , at the age of 85 , and five years after stepping down as South Africa 's president , Nelson Mandela announced he was "  retiring from retirement " to spend more time with family and friends , telling journalists , "  Do n't call me , I 'll call you . " As a globally recognized ambassador for a multiracial South Africa , the conscience of his continent and an inspiration for strugglers against oppression everywhere , Mandela was never going to be allowed to fade quietly into the history books . After leaving office , Mandela continued to lend his tireless support to the fight against social injustice and poverty in South Africa and beyond through fundraising organizations such as the Nelson Mandela Foundation and the Nelson Mandela Children 's Fund . Persevering with diplomatic efforts he had initiated in government , Mandela worked patiently to mediate in conflict-stricken Burundi and the Democratic Republic of Congo . Mandela , who died Thursday , also brought charisma , charm and enthusiasm to South Africa 's successful bid for the 2010 World Cup , lobbying hard for the tournament to be awarded to an African nation for the first time . Comfortable retirement may have mellowed Mandela , but the instincts of the freedom fighter and anti-establishment activist still burned strongly . In early 2003 , he spoke out harshly against the imminent U.S. invasion of Iraq , accusing U.S. President George W. Bush of "  wanting to plunge the world into a holocaust , " adding "  if there is a country that has committed unspeakable atrocities in the world , it is the United States of America . " In particular , Mandela became an outspoken advocate of efforts to tackle South Africa 's worsening HIV and AIDS epidemic , criticizing his presidential successor and longtime ANC comrade Thabo Mbeki in 2002 for his government 's prevarication in combating the disease . "  This is a war . It has killed more people than has been the case in all previous wars and in all previous natural disasters , " Mandela said . "  We must not continue to be debating , to be arguing , when people are dying . " Mandela also set up the HIV/AIDS charity 46664 -- named after Mandela 's prison number during his long incarceration on Robben Island -- inviting stars such as Bono and Beyonce to perform at a fundraising concert in Cape Town in 2003 . Mandela had personal reasons for promoting the fight against HIV/AIDS . In 2005 , he announced that his son , Makgatho Mandela , had died of an AIDS-related illness at the age of 54 . "  Let us give publicity to HIV/AIDS and not hide it , because the only way to make it appear like a normal illness like TB , like cancer , is always to come out and to say somebody has died because of HIV/AIDS -- and people will stop regarding it as something extraordinary , " Mandela said . Mandela had endured health problems of his own , having been diagnosed with prostate cancer in 2001 , but , he remained active throughout his 80s and continued to travel the world . In 2007 , he formed The Elders , a group of widely respected former statesmen and world leaders dedicated to bringing their expertise , experience and moral authority to bear on the world 's most pressing political and social issues . Members included Archbishop Desmond Tutu , former U.N. Secretary-General Kofi Annan and former U.S. President Jimmy Carter In 2008 , Mandela made his final trip abroad , traveling to London for a concert celebrating his approaching 90th birthday and marking the 20th anniversary of the city 's iconic "  Free Nelson Mandela " concert . Mandela celebrated his birthday at home in Qunu , delivering a simple message drawing attention to the continuing gap between rich and poor in South Africa : "  Poverty has gripped our people . If you are poor , you are not likely to live long . " In an interview with Graca Machel to mark the occasion , Machel told CNN her husband 's only regret was that he had n't had the chance to raise his children and spend more time with his loved ones . On the day in 2004 when South Africa won the right to host the 2010 World Cup , Mandela , a keen sports fan whose support for the Springboks at the 1995 Rugby World Cup was seen as a defining moment in the birth of the post-apartheid "  Rainbow Nation , " summed up his excitement by saying he "  felt like a boy of 15 . " Apartheid was a policy of segregation and discrimination that aimed to keep black and white apart in every sphere of life . But the eagerly anticipated tournament brought private tragedy for Mandela 's family when his 13-year-old great-granddaughter , Zenani Mandela , was killed in a car accident while returning from a concert on the eve of the opening match . Mandela made a last public appearance at the World Cup final , smiling and waving to football fans at Johannesburg 's Soccer City on July 11 , 2010 . To the end of his life , Mandela remained loyally committed to the African National Congress , appearing on stage with party leader Jacob Zuma in 2009 during his successful campaign for the presidency . Most of all , Mandela remained committed to the principle of dialogue -- and the belief , based on his own experiences , that even the most intractable problems could only be solved by enemies sitting down around a table to talk to each other .	Nelson Mandela pushed issues on the world 's stage Among them were HIV/AIDS epidemic Sometimes , former president spoke bluntly He lost a son and great-granddaughter
Washington  CNN  -- It 's a story that mesmerized the nation and one that many observers thought ended more than two years ago . The case of Chandra Levy , a 24-year-old Washington intern whose body was found in a Washington park in 2002 , is back in court , but the actions of a D.C. Superior Court judge have given it a mysterious air . In a hearing Thursday , Judge Gerald Fisher , along with an appeals court , maintained restrictions on the media 's ability to report on recent hearings in the case . Fisher has ruled that the substantive details of hearings on December 18 , January 4 and at least one upcoming hearing remain under seal . When the sealed issues are discussed during the hearings , the lawyers and judge speak at the judge 's bench , and observers in the courtroom can not hear the conversations . The transcripts of those discussions are under seal . The judge 's ruling was a disappointment to a group of media outlets , including Associated Press , Gannett , McClatchy , the Washington Post and Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press , that had filed court papers seeking to unseal the information . "  We 're very disappointed with the court leaving in place essentially blanket secrecy , " Patrick Carome , an attorney representing the media outlets , told reporters outside the courthouse . Carome predicted the secrecy surrounding hearings in the Levy case could last months . The man convicted of killing Levy made an appearance at a hearing on Thursday . Ingmar Guandique , 31 , was led into the courtroom in handcuffs and an orange jumpsuit , sporting a large tattoo that covered most of his scalp . He conversed with a Spanish translator throughout the proceeding , but did not participate in talks at the judge 's bench . Despite Fisher 's restrictions on information , CNN has learned some key details of these unexpected hearings from Carome and court papers . "  The court has stated that a ` somewhat substantial ' but unspecified concern about ` safety ' supports its decisions to close the proceedings to all members of the press and the public , " according to one court filing . It is not known to whose safety that refers . "  This was a terrible crime of violence , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst . "  The witnesses have histories of violence . So there could be violence threatened against any number of people : participants or even outsiders to the case . " In addition to the safety concern , Carome said the hearings address " ... some information relating to the reliability of the testimony from a government witness . " No one involved in the case is allowed to say who that witness is . Armando Morales , a convicted felon and former gang member , testified at Guandique 's trial that Guandique confessed to him in jail that he killed Levy . Two women testified that Guandique attacked them in the same park . But it 's not clear whether the testimonies of Morales or the two women are in question . Levy , an intern with the U.S. Bureau of Prisons , disappeared in May 2001 . Her remains were found in Washington 's Rock Creek Park more than a year later , badly decomposed . Guandique repeatedly denied involvement in her murder , and prosecutors acknowledged a lack of DNA evidence linking Guandique to the crime and a lack of witnesses . But in November 2010 , a jury convicted Guandique of one count of murder with kidnapping and a second count of murder with attempted robbery . In February 2011 , he was sentenced to 60 years in prison . The Levy case generated a swarm of media coverage in 2001 and 2002 , in part because it was revealed that she had had an affair with Gary Condit , then a U.S. congressman from California . Condit testified at Guandique 's trial and denied involvement in her disappearance and murder and was never charged . Condit , who served in Congress until 2003 , currently serves on the board of directors of the Phoenix Institute of Desert Agriculture , a non-profit group that promotes sustainable farming . Levy 's father , Robert , told CNN that the family has not been told anything regarding the recent hearings . Robert Levy said he 's concerned that something will happen with Guandique 's conviction , and "  we do n't like that it 's all coming up again . " Mistrial declared after eyeball pops out CNN 's Dugald McConnell and William Mears contributed to this report .	Several hearings in the case of Chandra Levy , a D.C. intern who was killed , have been held Substantive matters are under seal and will remain so , a judge ruled Thursday Several media outlets have requested access to the transcripts of those matters Levy 's disappearance captured media attention because of her affair with a congressman
It 's a conflict culled from the suspicion-filled pages of the Cold War . Russia 's upper house of Parliament gives the green light for the incursion of military forces into Ukraine 's volatile Crimea region . President Vladimir Putin justifies the move as a necessary step to the protection of Russian citizens and military personnel in southern Crimea . Ukraine 's new government calls out what it calls Russia 's threat on its sovereignty . Map : A divided Ukraine U.S. President Barack Obama warns of the "  costs " Russia faces for its actions . With Ukraine possibly teetering on the brink of war , here are three things you need to know about the conflict . 1 . What is the Black Sea Fleet ? A justification for Russian might in the region is its claim of the need protect the Black Sea Fleet in the Ukraine . Based in Sevastopol , the force is the smallest of the Russian navy 's four fleets -- which once included some 18 submarines , two cruisers , 30 destroyers and frigates and around 100 smaller combat ships , according to Jane 's International Defense Review . Many vessels are aging and in need of maintenance . The Russian navy has had a base in Sevastopol for 230 years . The ships and subs are based just north of Turkey and can reach the Mediterranean . The fleet has been a point of contention since 1954 , when the former Soviet Union transferred the Crimea , including Sevastapol , to Ukraine , according to Jane 's . In 2010 , the two countries reached an agreement to permit the fleet to stay in Sevastopol until 2042 . Under the deal , Ukraine received a 30 % discount on the cost of natural gas supplies from Russia , potentially saving Ukraine up to between $ 40 billion over a10-year period . The fleet has allowed Moscow to exert its influence in the Eastern Mediterranean , Balkans and Middle East , according to Christian Le Miere , an expert at the International Institute for Strategic Studies . "  The importance of the Mediterranean to Russia was highlighted in 2013 , when , amid the civil war in Syria , Moscow declared the creation of a ` permanent task force ' for the sea and bolstered its presence to 10 vessels , " he wrote . "  In August 2008 , it was the Black Sea Fleet that provided the 13 vessels used to defeat the small Georgian navy and land troops in Abkhazia and Poti during the brief war . " 2 . How close is Russia to sending more troops ? According to the Russian state news agency Itar-Tass , the country 's constitution requires that the Federation Council must consider and debate the use armed forces outside Russia following a request from the president . The request should contain "  sound reasons " for the use of the military . The chair of the council then sends the request to the upper house 's committee on defense and security and the committee on international relations . After the council considers the request , the president and the prime minister are invited to attend a council meeting , according to Itar-Tass . The meeting opens with a report delivered by the president or a representative . Then , the conclusions of the council committees on defense and security and international relations are read . A final decision on allowing the use of the armed forces outside the country must be adopted by a majority of the council members and and made formal in a resolution of the upper house , according to the news agency . The document is forwarded to the president within two days of its adoption . 3 . Is there a precedent for what might unfold ? In 2008 , Russia 's incursion into the former Soviet republic of Georgia followed the launch of a Georgian campaign against the Russian-backed separatist territory of South Ossetia . Russian tanks , troops and armored vehicles poured into South Ossetia and another breakaway Georgian territory , Abkhazia , advancing into Georgian cities across the administrative borders within those regions . The two sides blamed each other for starting the conflict , as well as for a wide variety of offenses leading up to and during the fighting , including ethnic cleansing . Russia and Georgia signed a French-brokered , six-point cease-fire agreement that allowed Russian forces to establish a buffer zone inside Georgia within a few kilometers of South Ossetia . What 's going Ukraine ? Crimea : 5 things to know	Tensions are running high in Ukraine 's Crimea peninsula Russian navy has had base at the city of Sevastopol for 230 years Majority of Federation Council must approve use of armed forces outside Russia
CNN  -- Siberia 's Lake Baikal , the world 's largest and most biologically diverse lake , faces the prospect of severe ecological disruption as a result of climate change , according to team of U.S. and Russian scientists . The Baikal seal is the world 's only freshwater seal . Publishing their analysis in BioScience magazine the team found the most pressing threat came from the dependence of the lake 's food chain on microscopic algae . Lake Baikal 's algae are particularly vulnerable to expected reductions in the length of time the lake is frozen each winter . The lake is considered a treasure trove for biologists and was designated a World Heritage Site by UNESCO because a high proportion of its rich fauna and flora are found nowhere else . The report 's authors say Lake Baikal 's climate has become measurably milder over recent decades , and that annual precipitation is expected to increase . The average ice depth in the lake is believed to have decreased in recent decades , and the ice-free season to have increased . Changes in the lake 's food-chain composition have been noted , the scientists say . Shorter periods of ice cover is expected to slow the growth of the lake 's algae , the authors say ; the organisms bloom under the ice in springtime and are highly dependent on ice cover for their reproduction and growth . Algae is the principal food of tiny crustaceans abundant in the lake , which in turn are food sources for the lake 's fish . The crustaceans could also be affected by changes in the transparency of the ice , an expected result of shifting precipitation and wind patterns . Shortened periods of ice cover and changes in the ice 's transparency may also harm the Baikal seal , the lake 's top predator and the world 's only exclusively freshwater seal . Because the seals mate and give birth on the ice , premature melting forces them into the water before molting and drastically reduces their fertility , the authors say . A warmer , wetter climate may be the principal threat to Lake Baikal 's unique biological heritage , but it is not the only one , say the report 's scientists . The secondary effects of climate change , including greater nutrient inputs and industrial pollution from melting permafrost , may also exact a toll on an already-stressed ecosystem .	Study says climate change threatens important algae in Russia 's Lake Baikal Warmer temperatures could also affect world 's only freshwater seal Lake Baikal is a UNESCO world heritage site for its unique flora and fauna
CNN  -- Your Facebook password is none of your new boss ' business . That 's what the American Civil Liberties Union is saying after reports that employers are increasingly asking for access to job applicants ' social-media accounts . "  It 's an invasion of privacy for private employers to insist on looking at people 's private Facebook pages as a condition of employment or consideration in an application process , " attorney Catherine Crump said in a statement from the ACLU . "  People are entitled to their private lives . " Recently , multiple cases have come to light in which companies have either asked for passwords to Facebook or required that applicants "  friend " people at those companies . Robert Collins of the Baltimore area has said that he was looking to be reinstated to his job as a correctional officer in 2010 when he was asked for his Facebook password . "  I did not want to do it , but because I really needed my job and he implied that this was a condition of recertification , I reluctantly gave him the password , " Collins said in February in testimony before the Maryland House of Representatives , which is considering ACLU-backed legislation to block such practices . "  He then proceeded to log in to my account using my private credentials . I asked him , ` Why are you logging on ? ' He said , ' I am looking through your messages , on your wall and in your photos to make sure you are not a gang member or have any gang affiliation . ' " An Associated Press report this week highlighted Justin Bassett , a New York statistician who said that , during a job interview , the interviewer pulled up his Facebook page and asked for his password . He said he refused . The ACLU said it 's found an increasing number of companies with such policies on Facebook . They say it 's more common with public agencies , such as law enforcement . "  You 'd be appalled if your employer insisted on opening up your postal mail to see if there was anything of interest inside , " Crump said . "  It 's equally out of bounds for an employer to go on a fishing expedition through a person 's private social media account . " On an ACLU Facebook page Thursday , followers were , not surprisingly , overwhelmingly against the concept . "  I consider it a violation of personal privacy , " one user wrote . "  Will the next step be to request a key to my house ? " It is technically against Facebook 's Terms of Service to share a password . "  You will not share your password ,  or in the case of developers , your secret key  , let anyone else access your account , or do anything else that might jeopardize the security of your account , " the agreement reads . In addition to Maryland , lawmakers in Illinois are considering legislation that would ban the practice .	Some employers are asking for Facebook passwords from job applicants ACLU says the practice , used to screen candidates , is an invasion of privacy A corrections officer says an interviewer logged into his account to check for gang ties Maryland and Illinois are among the states considering laws banning the practice
CNN  -- The Colombian military killed a rebel leader who was a liaison with Mexican drug cartels , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos said . The military operation near Colombia 's border with Ecuador , in the department of Putumayo , happened on Tuesday , the president said . The rebel leader known as "  Oliver Solarte " worked directly for the secretariat of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC . "  He was a very important person inside the FARC , " the president said Tuesday . "  He managed all the drug trafficking and arms trafficking for the southern bloc of the FARC . " Solarte also was the FARC 's contact with Mexican cartels to traffic drugs and accept financing , he said . The FARC leader was a former militia leader for the organization and had been wanted by authorities for a long time , the president said . The operation was a "  very important strike " against the FARC , he said . "  Again , I want to tell them that if they continue as they are they are going to fall one after another , because here we do n't lower our vigilance and we have many more in our sights , " Santos said . Along with Solarte 's body , authorities recovered communications equipment , six grenades , ammunition and 11 mobile phones , the military said . Solarte was sought for extradition to the United States for drug trafficking and was wanted in Colombia for terrorism , kidnapping , rebellion , and murder .	"  Oliver Solarte " was the FARC 's liaison with Mexican drug cartels He was killed in a military operation Tuesday Colombia 's president called it a "  very important strike "
CNN  -- Once a fixture on the red carpet and a staple of the daily news cycle , Paris Hilton has recently all but disappeared from the American consciousness . Has the socialite who became famous simply for being famous ceded her throne to a new set of up-and-coming reality stars and party fixtures , or has she gone purposely dark in order to resurrect her brand like a phoenix rising from the ashes ? "  She built the ultimate how-to guide on building a celebrity brand . Now she is in the second phase of the program , the disappearing act , " said Samantha Yanks , editor-in-chief of Gotham and Hamptons magazines , two publications which often featured content about Hilton . "  Phase one was the ascension , seemingly out of nowhere , " Yanks said . "  That came with a media frenzy , the antics , the partying , the music , the babe-like status and of course , the fashion label . Phase two , she disappears . " Paris Hilton broke onto the New York City socialite scene in 2001 , more famous for her late-night partying than for the small modeling jobs she had started taking . But her fame factor really began to take off when she starred in the Fox reality television series "  The Simple Life , " with her childhood best friend Nicole Richie , in 2003 . Hilton leveraged her fame from "  The Simple Life " by pushing the Paris Hilton brand into books , perfumes , shoes and nightclubs . She landed a minor role in the film "  House of Wax " and a leading role in the straight-to-DVD movies , "  National Lampoons ' Pledge This " and "  Bottoms Up . " Despite bad movie reviews , Hilton managed to make news whether it was for a leaked sex tape , a bad breakup with a slew of less famous boyfriends or for appearing in public without underwear . She was so pervasive that in 2004 New York Daily News gossip columnist Lloyd Grove banned her from his page and in 2007 The Associated Press conducted an experiment to try not reporting on Hilton for a week . Grove was successful for two years . The AP made it through its weeklong blackout and then reported on Hilton 's arrest for driving with a suspended license nine days after the blackout began . Now , two years later , most news outlets would be hard pressed to find a recent story about Hilton that they had to report . The gossip and tabloid news cycle typically responds to what the public wants . The absence of Hilton in public life could merely be a response to a new generation of tabloid consumers ' lack of interest in her . "  Paris just does n't nearly have the mass appeal she had a few years ago . She shows up at events , but people are much more concerned with whether Robert Pattinson 's going to show up with his secret girlfriend Kristen Stewart , " explained Star magazine 's Suzanne Rozdeba , a senior editor . "  She 's not working on a scandalous reality show , or groundbreaking project , or starring in a horror movie , or dating hunky Taylor Lautner , so people are honestly just tired of hearing about her partying . Maybe people are just simply tired of her . " It is hard to believe that after years of honing her ability to exploit herself and her name , Hilton has simply let the media forget about her . Perhaps dipping below the radar is exactly what Hilton is looking to do in order to rebuild her brand . "  Paris invented it all -- the whole famous-for-being-famous act , " said Jared Shapiro , executive editor of Life & Style magazine . "  And since then others have taken the torch . But it 's not like she 's done . She knows she hit oversaturation and she 's taking a breather , working on a second album and developing some TV . I still firmly believe she 's one of the more famous people in ` Celebrity-ville . ' The second she 's pregnant , has a baby , or gets married , major interest will peak . " Hilton , who has never been known to do anything discretely , did just that last week by quietly launching her line of hair styling products . The line includes the "  Celebrity Styler " and the "  Ultimate Styling Brush , " in Hilton 's signature pink . The launch at the Thompson Hotel in Beverly Hills , California , lacked the typical Hilton entourage of paparazzi , media scrum and celebrity friends . The guest list was kept to Hilton 's friends and family , including her sister Nicky Hilton and her boyfriend Doug Reinhardt . But in addition to her hair products , Hilton has also been in the studio recording her second album . "  It 's smart for Paris to keep a low profile until she is ready to come back with a more defined and sophisticated brand , " said branding expert Rebecca Brooks , president of The Brooks Group . "  Americans have proven to be extremely forgiving when it comes to stars and their shenanigans and I think they will be receptive . "	Industry insiders and gossip watchers have noticed a sudden drop in Paris Hilton sightings Some experts believe that Hilton is quietly plotting a comeback through an upcoming record release A recent beauty launch in Beverly Hills was a relatively low-key affair for the reality TV star
Cliven Bundy -- the Nevada rancher turned conservative folk hero for bucking the federal government 's attempts to stop his cattle from grazing on public land -- admits he does n't understand the bipartisan uproar over his comments suggesting blacks might have been better off under slavery . But in a contentious interview Friday on CNN 's "  New Day , " Bundy stood by his remarks , saying he 's not a racist but only somebody who speaks his mind , perhaps using politically incorrect language . "  Maybe I sinned , and maybe I need to ask forgiveness , and maybe I do n't know what I actually said , but when you talk about prejudice , we 're talking about not being able to exercise what we think . ... If I say Negro or black boy or slave , if those people can not take those kind of words and not be  offended  , then Martin Luther King has n't got his job done yet , " he told anchor Chris Cuomo on Friday , adding , "  We need to get over this prejudice stuff . " Bundy brought up civil rights leader the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and Rosa Parks , who was arrested in December 1955 for not giving up her seat on a public bus to a white man . The arrest sparked the Montgomery , Alabama , bus boycott . King would have wanted Parks to sit anywhere on a bus , according to Bundy . The 67-year-old added : "  I want her to sit anywhere in the bus , and I want to sit next to her anywhere in the bus . " In one exchange with Cuomo , Bundy said , "  I do n't know how to talk about these ethnic groups . ... " "  Then do n't , " Cuomo said . For two decades , Bundy 's cattle have fed off government-owned land without paying grazing fees like thousands of other ranchers . He claims he wo n't do business with the federal government because , in his view , the Constitution does n't say Americans ca n't use land owned by the federal government . He said he 'd be willing to talk with state and local authorities . . "  I 'll be damned if this is the property of the United States . They have no business here , " he said on "  New Day . " "  This is a sovereign state , the sovereign state of Nevada . The federal government has nothing to do with public land in Nevada . " He said other ranchers are as frustrated as he is . This stance made him a darling of some conservatives in the media and Republican circles upset over what they 've deemed government overreach . Militiamen rallied by the side of the 67-year-old rancher as federal rangers tried to force him off his land . Bundy won that standoff , but he did n't stop talking . Speaking to reporters over the weekend , he recalled driving by a public housing project in North Las Vegas , Nevada , and seeing "  at least a half-dozen  black  people sitting on the porch , they did n't have nothing to do . " "  Because they were basically on government subsidy , so now what do they do ? " he added in comments first reported by The New York Times and later seen on video . "  They abort their young children , they put their young men in jail , because they never learned how to pick cotton . "  And I 've often wondered , are they better off as slaves , picking cotton and having a family life and doing things , or are they better off under government subsidy ? They did n't get no more freedom . They got less freedom . " The remarks have since gone viral , drawing widespread condemnation from Democrats and Republicans alike . The rancher said he does n't feel "  abandoned " by the uproar by the likes of right-wing radio firebrand and Fox News host Sean Hannity , who has ripped what he called the "  ignorant , racist , repugnant , despicable comments . " Sen. Rand Paul , who originally supported Bundy 's case , issued a statement Thursday decrying Bundy 's racial comments . "  His remarks on race are offensive and I wholeheartedly disagree with him , " said the Kentucky Republican , who 's considering a 2016 presidential run . Cliven Bundy : Another conservative folk hero exposes racial nerve GOP Sen. Dean Heller of Nevada earlier called Bundy 's supporters "  patriots . " But on Thursday , the senator 's office said he "  completely disagrees with Mr. Bundy 's appalling and racist statements . " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus , who had not weighed in on the land dispute , said Bundy 's words were "  beyond the pale . " Politicians denounce Bundy 's racist remarks On Thursday , in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Bill Weir , Bundy was asked to elaborate on his remarks . He explained he 'd been simply "  wondering whether  blacks  are that much better off in the situation we 're in now . " He backtracked somewhat , insisting he "  did n't really mean it to compare  African-Americans ' current plight  with slavery . I meant to compare it with maybe life on the farm or life in the South , where they had some chickens and the gardens , and they had something to do . " At the same time , Bundy stood by his general premise that blacks once had better lives -- stating that , right now , "  they do n't have nothing to do with their children , their family unit is ruined . ... That 's what I was referring to . I do n't think they have the life that they should have " because of the government . How did he arrive at these generalizations ? "  I feel that , because I see that , " Bundy explained . He said , "  I do n't think I 'm wrong . I think I 'm right . " Weir at one point challenged the Nevada rancher about whether he was any more or less a "  welfare queen " since his cattle have been feeding off the government , literally , by eating grass on public land . Bundy 's response : "  I might be a welfare queen . But I 'll tell you I 'm producing something for America and using a resource that nobody else would use or could use . I 'm putting red meat on the table . " On Friday , the Bundy Ranch Facebook page elaborated on the rancher 's "  New Day " comments . The post concluded with these sentences : "  I am doing the same thing Rosa Parks did -- I am standing up against bad laws which dehumanize us and destroy our freedom . Just like the Minutemen at Lexington and Concord , we are saying no to an oppressive government which considers us to be slaves rather than free men . "  I invite all people in America to join in our peaceful revolution to regain our freedom . That is how America was started , and we need to keep that tradition alive . " In a press conference later Friday , Bundy added that while he is "  tired " personally he is "  not tired of talking about race . " "  It 's time the United States had a discussion about race , " he said . " ... I think all races should be talking about this , having their opinions and defending their liberties . "	Bundy says he is "  not tired of talking about race " The Nevada rancher has battled U.S. government over his cattle grazing free on public land He came under fire after suggesting blacks may have been better off as slaves "  We need to get over this prejudice stuff , " he says
He grew up a child of two nations -- the United States and Pakistan -- with a parent from each . He was born Daood Gilani , the son of a prominent Pakistani broadcaster , but in 2006 he changed his name to David Headley . In a federal courtroom in Chicago on Thursday , he was sentenced to 35 years in prison for his role in the 2008 attacks in Mumbai , India , that killed 164 people , including six U.S. citizens . Headley has admitted conducting advance surveillance for the operation in India . Although Headley , 52 , was facing up to life in prison , the Justice Department recommended that the judge sentence him to the term he eventually got after the defendant cooperated with U.S. authorities . Prosecutors agreed not to seek the death penalty in exchange for his plea on terrorism charges . He signed that agreement in 2010 and promised to cooperate with U.S. authorities . Attorney General Eric Holder noted at the time that he had provided extensive "  valuable intelligence about terrorist activities . " Name change helped facilitate the surveillance in India Headley was arrested by federal agents on October 2009 in Chicago , accused of helping plan terror attacks against a Danish newspaper that ran cartoons of the Prophet Mohammed , sparking Muslim anger worldwide . He was later linked to the bloody four-day terrorist siege in Mumbai . Headley cooperated with the authorities investigating both terror plots . Headley received a Social Security number in Pennsylvania sometime in the late 1970s , public records show . He changed his name from Daood Gilani to David Headley on or about February 15 , 2006 , in Philadelphia in order to present himself in India as an American who was neither Muslim nor Pakistani , according to a criminal complaint against him . The Justice Department also accused him of attending terrorism training camps in Pakistan in 2002 and 2003 , and working with the group Lashkar-e-Tayyiba to carry out terror attacks . The United States lists Lashkar as a terrorist organization . India blamed the group for the Mumbai attacks . Terror testimony Headley testified against a Canadian man who was sentenced last week to 14 years in prison for aiding a plot to attack the Danish paper . Gary Shapiro , the acting U.S. attorney in Chicago , issued a lengthy sentencing memo to the federal district court on Tuesday concluding that the 30 - to 35-year sentence the government recommended for Headley was fair . "  While his criminal conduct was deplorable , the uniquely significant cooperation which he provided to the government 's efforts to combat terrorism support the government 's recommendations , " Shapiro said . The Indian government wants to conduct another trial for Headley , but the United States has said it would not send him to any other country . Algeria attack changes terror landscape	David Headley receives sentence that prosecutors recommended He faced up to a life sentence for conviction related to the deadly 2008 Mumbai attack Prosecutors say Headley has cooperated with government efforts to combat terrorism Headley is accused of attending terrorism training camps and plotting attacks
InStyle.com  -- She refuses to dwell on the past and accepts that she ca n't control the future . Reese Witherspoon juggles her career , family and love life , yet still is able find time for herself For Reese Witherspoon , it 's all about living in the moment . And with a thriving career , two children , and a handsome boyfriend -- Jake Gyllenhaal -- who can blame her ? On her divorce from Ryan Phillippe ... You have to keep it together for your kids and for yourself too . I 'm trying to learn from the things that have happened in my life , live more in the moment , and have more fun . Someone told me recently to live in the present but make plans and take pictures . And I am . I 'm writing more , I 'm reading more . Going to more concerts . Jake and I went to Coachella this year . On being confident ... As you get older , you know what you like and what you do n't like , and you 're not apologetic about it ... I used to judge myself so harshly . I think women in their 20s do . You 're hard on your body , you 're hard on yourself . But you start to realize that none of it is really all that important . As long as you 're comfortable , the best parts of yourself come through no matter what . Your mother can tell you that a million times , but you do n't understand it until you live it ! On if she likes to cook ... I do . And Jake is a great cook , he does a lot . We spend the weekends outside L.A , in Ojai , where I have a farmhouse . We have chickens and we grow cucumbers and tomatoes . I love it . It reminds me of where I grew up in Tennessee . On working out ... I try to exercise every day . I like to run for about an hour , and I 'm big into working out with girlfriends . It 's an acquired skill , being able to discuss your love life , children and friends , all while you 're running ! But we have mastered it . On her new perfume ... I have a lot of favorite smells from growing up in the South that I wanted to capture in this scent . As a kid , I was always outside . There was a magnolia tree in the front yard that I think I spent most of first , second and third grade in . And there was the smell of honeysuckle from the creek that ran down by our house . Gardenias were important too , because every Mother 's Day or on my birthday my father would buy small bouquets or corsages for my mother and me . While we were working on the perfume , Avon asked me if I could explore other notes , but I kept going back to white flowers ! The packaging reminds me of my grandma 's bureau , where she 'd have little perfume bottles out . I love it . On her girlfriends ... There are three of us who wear pretty much the same size , so we 'll get together on a Friday night and I 'll bring clothes I want to trade and they 'll bring theirs . We swap shoes and purses a lot . I wore my girlfriend 's dress to a wedding recently . It 's fun . On raising her kids , Ava and Deacon , far from home ... Sometimes it 's really difficult for me , being far away from home . L.A. is where my job is and I have to be close , but I never imagined that my children would n't grow up next door to my brother 's children . Or my mom and dad would n't constantly be around . You know , I had dinner every night with my grandparents as a kid , so I think missing out on that is a hard compromise . At least I have a lot of Southern friends in L.A. I gravitate toward them . I think of those people as a part of my family : They take care of me and I take care of them . On being a mom and a career woman ... I love my life without work and I love my life with work . My mom , who 's a nurse , called me the other day when I was really stressed out from working a 15-hour day . And she was like , "  Yeah , but think of it as a part-time job . " And I thought , that 's actually right , it puts it in perspective . I work incredibly hard for three months , but then I get a break . It 's about really enjoying my time off . Where do I relax the most ? Where are my children happiest ? My ideal scenario is to do one movie a year . But as an actor , I do n't think you can do an awful lot of planning . In fact , my new philosophy in life is I 'll cross that bridge when I come to it . I used to spend a lot of time thinking about the future , as if I could magically predict it if I planned it enough . And then I realized , I ca n't . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Reese Witherspoon on divorce : "  You have to keep it together for your kids " Actress says she exercises for an hour a day She and boyfriend Jake Gyllenhaal cook and grow cucumbers and tomatoes
CNN  -- Raise your hand if this has ever happened to you : You wake up bleary-eyed on a weekday morn , lazily scroll through your newsfeed or Twitter feed or Google reader or whatever medium you use to absorb small bits of inanity , and there it is -- an opinionated update on a season finale , new movie or hot book , filled with important plot points . BAM ! You 've been struck by a spoiler . Times have changed since 76.3 million Americans tuned in to the disappointing series finale of "  Seinfeld . " As one , they turned their gazes to their television sets , letting out a slow exhale as the final credits rolled . Nowadays , fewer and fewer people are catching programs at their air time . In 2012 , 36 % more people watched TV on their smartphones than in 2011 , according to a report from Nielsen . And Netflix , Hulu , DVR , and streaming services let us mold TV schedules into our own lives . Which is all to say : You can not assume , just because you 've seen something , that everyone else has , you arrogant jerk . Your friends should n't have to creep around with their fingers in their ears screeching , "  Do n't tell me ; I have n't seen it yet ! " If you simply must pontificate on a cultural reference point with surprises , twists or big reveals , bear the following in mind . 1 . Give us fair warning . Simple : Just put "  SPOILER ALERT " at the beginning of the write-up . Bonus points if you place the big plot-pivotal announcement after a jump  on a blog  or after a few hard enters on Facebook  so readers have to click "  see more " to read the rest  . 2 . Remember : Hints are spoilers , too . If people want clues as to how the tale will end , they will ask . Ninety-nine percent of the time , they 'll want to finish it unbiased , draw their own conclusions and then discuss . Hot tip : Saying anything to the effect of "  THERE IS A HUGE TWIST AT THE END , but I 'm not going to tell you what it is " is indeed a spoiler , because the viewer/reader will now follow the entire tale expecting the unexpected . Just keep your mouth shut until they 've finished , yes ? 3 . Favor exclusive discussions over blasted proclamations . All 483 of your Facebook friends do not care what you thought of the moment in "  Girls " when we learn Hannah is an illegal alien .  SPOILER ALERT : Hannah is not an illegal alien .  Guess what ! You can even use social media to bring to you those who are equally eager to discuss Don Draper 's untimely death .  SPOILER ALERT : Don Draper is n't dead . Simply make your chat status something like "  Must begin discussing the end of ` Brave ' posthaste . Who 's seen it ? " and then squawk away without ruining anyone else 's experience . 4 . Give it the three-year test . Has the Earth made three or more trips around the sun since the book/movie/show / play had its day ? Then all bets are off . Those who still have n't seen "  Wall-E " by now are unlikely to get around to it . 5 . Forgive the spoiler . OK , so your jerk friend just posted about the shocking moment in "  Madagascar 3 " when we realize the whole trilogy is the fever dream of a koala who watched his friends get taxidermied .  SPOILER ALERT : Oh , please .  Take heart : Research from UC-San Diego reports that spoilers actually enhance enjoyment . Scientists found that students had more fun reading narratives when they knew the plot twist ahead of time than when they just learned it at the end , likely because it helped them pick up subtle clues along the way .  That 's the reason everyone saw "  The Sixth Sense " at least twice . In case you have n't seen it , Bruce Willis ' character ... is a ghost himself ! You 're welcome ! Hey , do n't blame us . That movie came out waaay more than three years ago .	Do n't spoil TV or movie plot twists online for your friends Nowadays , fewer and fewer people are catching programs at their air time Give a "  SPOILER ALERT " warning at the beginning of any write-ups Remember that hints are spoilers , too
CNN  -- Hear that ? Over the whirring drone of the cogs of industry , the grinding of the tectonic plates , the gentle flap-flap-flapping of a legion of butterfly wings -- all indications of a world still turning -- comes the gentle weeping of the heart-wrenched masses , mourning the fact that they are utterly and completely alone . A fact that will be rubbed in -- like so much paprika in a cannibal victim 's wound -- during that one day per year next week when love and being loved matters the most  SarcMark Â ®  . Since we write for a media outlet , it 's basically etched into our blood-lettered contract that we address that day of days in some kind of thematic way . However , instead of helping you all stave off the crushing wave of loneliness that 's threatening to crest on the 14th , we 're just going to highlight some of the weirdest love life-enhancing apps we 've encountered on our dusty travels . C'mon , you did n't want a relationship anyway -- drunken crying is so much more acceptable when enjoyed alone . How to lose friends and influence people You know those two friends -- the pair that is SO obviously in love with each other but just ca n't quite get it together enough to date ? Do n't you wish those crazy kids would stop  playfully  punching each other and  playfully  criticizing each other 's lifestyles and just get it on already ? Well , thanks to Facebook  and Walgreens  you can finally push your pals into the loving relationship that they so obviously long for . The drugstore chain is out with a super-subtle app called "  Play Cupid " that allows you to choose from a series of virtual photo frames emblazoned with phrases like "  Caution ! Hot Couple ! " and "  Why Are n't You Dating Yet ? " and plug in those unsuspecting future lovebirds . Finish off the virtual Valentine with a gift suggestion for the pair -- like plush toys or K-Y Jelly -- and post the whole thing to your Facebook wall for all to see . For your noble labors , you will then be gifted with a coupon for something truly fabulous , like David Beckham cologne . See ? Everyone wins . Except they do n't . They really do n't . Want a restraining order for Valentine 's Day ? It 's the most common of queries after a relationship goes sour : What went wrong ? A body can drive himself mad ruminating on such a question , which is why it 's usually the healthiest course of action to shove all that self-loathing deep , deep down into your entrails , hit the whiskey and just conclude that he or she is a hateful ... rhymes with "  ick . " But what if you could know -- and we mean KNOW -- beyond a shadow of a doubt why your former lover recoils from your very lingering touch ? Enter : Wot Went Wrong , a brand-new service that allows you to send a virtual comment card to your ex asking , well , " ` Wot ' went wrong ? ' " Both parties can offer each other constructive feedback on their positive and negative traits , and the dumper can tell the dumpee just why s/he did the dumping : "  You do n't like pets , " "  You drink too much , " "  You 're married . " Or , you know , "  You send me weird , needy virtual comment cards . " Screw fate , you have an iPhone As myriad self-help books will tell you , you could find your soulmate anywhere ! The coffee shop down the street ! The bookstore ! The feminine hygiene aisle of the supermarket ! So chin up , chaps , turn that hideous frown upside down and always make sure you 're wearing your "  nice " underwear . Or , you know , take fate into your own hands and download Crowded Room . Crowded Room is an Android/iPhone app that allows you to meet up with like-minded people as you go about your business each day . Sign in via Facebook , port your soul over into the app and start checking in to spots or broadcasting where you might go later . The app will then suggest people to meet at said places based on their interests , as well as places where people who share your interests hang out . If you see someone who strikes your fancy , you can then message or "  shortlist them "  the virtual equivalent of , "  Hey , Bobby , will you tell Susy that I like her ?  . You 're staring vacantly at your cell , anyway , you might as well eke out some form of human interaction before your heart powers down .	Our digital-etiquette columnists highlight some of the weirdest romance-oriented apps Wot Went Wrong allows you to send a virtual comment card to your ex Crowded Room is an Android/iPhone app that lets you meet like-minded people
An election-year showdown over a Democratic priority -- raising the federal minimum wage to $ 10.10 an hour -- saw Senate Republicans block the measure on Wednesday , unleashing a torrent of criticism from President Barack Obama and his party . The measure failed to get the 60 votes needed to open debate in the 100-seat Senate , with only one Republican joining majority Democrats in an unsuccessful effort to overcome the GOP filibuster . While another vote on the proposal is possible , Obama and Democrats quickly sought to exploit the measure 's initial stumble into political capital for November 's congressional elections . "  If your member of Congress does n't support raising the minimum wage , you have to let them know they are out of step and if they keep putting politics ahead of working Americans , you will put them out of office , " the President told a White House event that focused on the matter . Minimum wage state by state Republicans argue raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour would damage the nation 's fragile economic recovery . Several GOP lawmakers took note of fresh data released Wednesday indicating the economy grew at a sluggish 0.1 % in the first quarter of 2014 . "  They seem to think they can coast on talking points and stale ideas â $ " and that the American people have n't been paying attention to their recent dismal record at actually helping the people they claim to care about , " said Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky . However , Senate Democrats argued the GOP position hurt American workers struggling to make ends meet . "  Their vote today defines their priorities , " Sen. Patty Murray of Washington said of Republicans . "  It is the equivalent of looking American women in the eye and telling them they do n't deserve a living wage . It is telling our middle-class families they do n't deserve a fair shot . " Minimum wage : Congress stalls , states act Even if the Senate moved ahead with the legislation , there was little chance the House , which is led by Republicans , would take it up . Obama and Democrats noted that polls show a strong majority of Americans support raising the minimum wage , which currently stands at $ 7.25 . At the same time , polls indicate Democrats have little chance of winning back control of the House in November and could lose their majority in the Senate . After Wednesday 's vote , Democratic senators sought to use the defeat as a rallying cry for November . "  Low-income people tend not to vote , but on this , this would be one that they come out on because it 's a pocketbook issue for them , " said liberal Sen. Tom Harkin of Iowa . Democrat Chuck Schumer of New York noted that traditionally conservative states like Arkansas and Alaska have put a minimum-wage increase on their ballots "  to help bring out the vote . " 2014 : What 's at stake Republican senators this week telegraphed their opposition to the minimum wage proposal , with some saying the Democratic plan was too expensive and would lead to significant job losses if businesses were forced to adopt it . "  It 's too high , too fast , " said Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio , who favors a smaller increase like the one adopted in his state . Sen. Susan Collins , a Maine Republican , also said she supports a reasonable increase and complained that Democrats sought to force the higher figure through without compromise or debate . "  I think it speaks to what 's wrong with Washington today -- that we 're placed in a situation where it was ` take it or leave it ' rather than trying to come together and offer amendments and offer a level that might be acceptable , " Collins said after the vote . Harkin , however , said the $ 10.10 figure sought by Democrats was needed to lift people out of poverty . "  We will not compromise on $ 10.10 . That just gets us above the poverty level , " he said . "  Anyone who wants to go below that is saying that a hard-working American who works full-time all year long still will live in poverty . It 's time to get beyond that . " 2014 : The battle for the Senate In February , Obama signed an executive order raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour for federal contractors beginning in 2015 . The measure voted on Wednesday sought to make that figure the federal minimum wage . The lone Republican to vote with Democrats was Sen. Bob Corker of Tennessee , who said he wants changes in the measure even though he supported bringing it up for debate . Meanwhile , Democratic Sen. Mark Pryor , who is facing a challenging re-election in conservative Arkansas , supports a smaller increase that is under consideration in his state . Pryor missed Wednesday 's vote because he was back in Arkansas dealing with this week 's storm damage . Key races to watch Republicans argued the liberal agenda pushed by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada could hurt centrist Democrats this fall . "  For the Democrats here in the Senate , particularly the vulnerable ones who are in tough competitive races , they 've got to be particularly sensitive to the agenda the Democrats are driving , " Sen. John Thune of South Dakota , a GOP leader , said this week . "  I think there are a lot of Democrats , on minimum wage even , that are concerned about its impact on the economy . " Recent national polls indicated that a strong majority of Americans support raising the minimum wage to $ 10.10 per hour . The most recent survey , conducted early last month by Bloomberg , put that support at 69 % . An ABC News/Washington Post poll released Tuesday indicated that by a 49 % -33 % margin , Americans say that the Democratic Party is closer to their views on the issue than the GOP . And by a two-to-one margin , voters nationwide questioned earlier this month in a Quinnipiac University poll said they would be more likely than less likely to vote for a candidate who supports raising the minimum wage . Meanwhile , national polls suggested Republicans have an enthusiasm edge over Democrats six months before the November vote . According to an NBC News/Wall Street Journal poll released Wednesday , 45 % of registered voters say they want the November elections to result in a Republican-controlled Congress , with an equal amount saying they 'd like to see Democrats in control on Capitol Hill . But among voters with the highest interest in the midterms , the GOP holds a 15-percentage point lead  53 % -38 %  over the Democrats on the question of which party should control Congress . A CBS News poll conducted late last month showed that 75 % of registered Republican voters questioned said they were very or somewhat excited about voting in November , compared to 58 % of Democrats . Also , 81 % of registered Republicans said they 'll definitely vote in November , compared to 68 % of registered Democrats . The surveys seem to back up the conventional wisdom that the GOP has an advantage over the Democrats in midterm contests . White voters and older voters , key to the Republican base , tend to cast ballots in bigger percentages in midterms than younger voters and minorities , who are an important part of the Democrats ' base . Democrats hold a 55-45 majority in the Senate , including two independents who caucus with the party , but are defending 21 of the 36 seats contested in November . Half of those Democratic-held seats are in traditionally conservative states or those considered purple -- leaning neither right or left . In the House , Democrats need to pick up 17 GOP-held seats to win back control of the Republican-led chamber , a feat political handicappers say is unlikely considering the shrinking number of competitive congressional districts . Leading Dem gov : 2014 is not a ` change ' election New low for Obama in key midterm indicator Biden goes on offense over GOP economic agenda Special Coverage : The 2014 midterms	President Obama blasts Republicans over minimum wage vote The issue is a priority for Democrats trying to keep control of the Senate in November Republicans cite various reasons for opposing the $ 10.10 per-hour proposal Polls show Americans favor an increase
CNN  -- Thousands of supporters rallied Sunday behind cricket star-turned-politician Imran Khan , who said he wanted to root out corruption and ensure rich and poor alike prosper in Pakistan . The Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf  Movement for Justice  party rallied in Karachi , where Khan , 59 , said he wanted to make economic and tax reforms . Standing with him amid party banners and Pakistani flags were career politicians who recently switched to Khan 's party . Speaking in cricket terms , Khan said , "  One more wicket fell today -- as Pakistan People 's Party member Sardar Assef Ahmed has joined the PTI . " Ahmed is a former minister of education . Khan said if elected prime minister next year , he would bring a team that would help transform Pakistan into a welfare state and ensure equality . "  In Tehreek-e-Insaf 's rule , a civil system will be introduced which will ensure justice and equality is followed on all fronts -- in which even Imran Khan 's car is stopped for speeding , " he told the crowd , promising corruption would be ended within 90 days of an election . Khan also is an opponent of U.S. drone strikes in his country . Khan , who led the country 's cricket team to the 1992 World Cup trophy , founded the Movement for Justice party in 1996 and served in parliament from 2002 to 2007 . His party boycotted the 2008 elections . The opposition politician also spoke of agricultural reforms , promising free seeds and discounted fertilizer for farmers . Khan said a Chinese company wanted to bring a $ 19 billion dollar investment to Pakistan , but did not because of concerns over security . Although he appears to be gaining traction , Khan 's party has seen little success in the past . During previous parliamentary elections , Khan 's party failed to win any seats ; many within the country have referred to him as a man who changes positions . He has garnered support from his former wife , Jemima Khan , a British journalist . Pakistan 's next national elections are in 2013 .	Former cricket star holds rally in Karachi ahead of 2013 elections Imran Khan promises widespread reforms in Pakistan His party has not performed well in previous elections
CNN  -- In the latest "  X-Men " film , Magneto levitates RFK stadium and drops it around the White House ; the stadium is destroyed . In "  Godzilla , " the monster fights off what looks like the entire U.S. military while he flattens both Honolulu and San Francisco . And in the new Tom Cruise film , "  Edge of Tomorrow , " Paris is left underwater after an alien attack , and a futuristic D-Day-like invasion leaves a French beach strewn with dead bodies and smoldering war materiel . There 's plenty more mayhem to come as this season 's glut of blow - 'em - up flicks rolls out : "  Transformers : Age of Extinction "  aliens drop a cruise liner on a city  , "  Guardians of the Galaxy "  outer space vehicles liquefied by the dozens  , "  Hercules "  the title character fights off lions , sea monsters and a whole army of bad guys  and "  The Expendables 3 "  Sly Stallone and gang ; train rams into prison  . Entertainment Weekly recently referred to it as "  the summer of destruction . " But let 's call it what it is : destruction porn . Like real porn , these movies play to our most atavistic instincts . They all include some sort of buildup , the titillation of expectation that really bad , but cool , things are about to happen . They generally climax -- pun intended -- with a massive set piece of CGI carnage . And like real porn , afterwards we 're supposed to feel deliriously fulfilled and exhausted . Fact is , we should hate ourselves for feeling this way , as if we 'd just had really bad sex . But that 's not the reaction destruction porn elicits . Even worse , we 're exporting this American blood-lust globally , giving outsiders the impression of a country that has totally gone over to the Dark Side . It 's not as if there has n't been massive carnage in the movies before this . Hollywood has produced plenty of war films , ecological disaster flicks and alien invasion epics in the past . But the sheer frequency of destruction porn these days -- at least 11 movies of this type in summer 2012  "  The Avengers , " The Dark Knight Rises , " etc.  and 12 during the same season last year  "  White House Down , " "  World War Z , " etc.  -- and our delight in seeing things blown up , should make us worry about the mental health of society . Movies have always reflected the anxieties of their age . In the 1950s , we had plenty of nuclear paranoia films , often featuring mutated life forms .  Can you say "  Godzilla " ?  The '60s and '70s brought us ecological and bio-terror themes in films such as "  The Omega Man " and "  Silent Running . "  And later films , like "  The Road Warrior , " reflect an apocalyptic mindset . But the recent spate of films seem to reflect a collective psychic collapse . Sure , there are reasons for this : fear of terrorism , the insecurity created by all those mass murders , like the recent episode in Santa Barbara . We feel that world has gotten even more chaotic . That there 's too much of everything . That society has gotten way too complicated , with too many people , too much technology , too many opposing ideologies clashing against each other . It recalls the classic 1959 dystopian novel "  A Canticle For Leibowitz , " by Walter Miller Jr. , in which the end of industrial civilization is referred to as "  the Simplification . " It 's as if we 're preparing for a global meltdown . And the summertime , when we 're supposed to be mellowing out , is a perfect time for Hollywood to exploit our growing appetite for this kind of carnage . There are two specific reasons for this : Most filmgoers are in the under-40 demographic , looking for a night out away from the heat and to put their brains on pause -- and believe me , there 's nothing more mindless than watching stuff blow up . If it 's photographed lovingly , and with insanely good computer graphics , all the better . The second reason is the importance of the foreign market , which now accounts for nearly 70 % of total box office gross . Our global neighbors tend to go for what we do best , which is make big budget films with state-of-the-art special effects , a minimum of dialogue  explosions speak a universal language  and lots of mayhem . Lots . Just to take two recent examples : the just-opened X-Men film has grossed $ 168 million in the U.S. , and twice that much overseas . And the new "  Captain America " flick -- "  Captain America , " no less ! -- has grossed $ 255 million domestically and a whopping $ 454 million overseas . America : A country where scenes of mass destruction are the norm , and carnage is preferred over peace , love and understanding . Is this the kind of negative image of America we want to export ? And sure , we all know that "  It 's only a movie , " but do n't kid yourself : When we get geeked at the leveling of entire cities , it says something about who we are , and where our society is going . And you 'd think after 9/11 and the never-ending mass murders in this country we would be a bit more sensitive to scenes where cities are destroyed and thousands of lives lost , but the opposite seems to have taken place : We wallow in it . We cheer it . Like porn , we ca n't take our eyes off it . It 's seductive and incredibly addictive . Wish fulfillment ? Catharsis ? Just good old entertainment ? It really does n't matter . While we 're in the grips of whatever social psychosis is stoking this ravenous appetite for mayhem , Hollywood will be happy to oblige .	Lewis Beale : This summer 's movies show America 's growing addiction to ` destruction porn ' He says from ` Godzilla , ' to ` X-Men ' and beyond , it 's not just violence , it 's maximum mayhem He says if films have long reflected our anxieties , recent films show psychic meltdown Beale : Annihilation now entertains us . Hollywood feeds this lust . We should worry
CareerBuilder.com  -- You know the type : He or she is gossipy , passive aggressive and always looking to stir up trouble . That 's right : It 's the office drama queen -- and there 's one in every office . "  There is not one business that does n't experience at least some drama on occasion . When there are human relationships there is potential for drama , " says Marlene Chism , author of "  Stop Workplace Drama : Train Your Team to Have No Complaints , No Excuses and No Regrets . " "  Misunderstandings happen even between highly evolved people who have good intentions . No matter how great the hiring practices , we human beings create a lot of drama when we do n't know how to master our energy or clear the fog to see the bigger picture . " CareerBuilder.com : 5 reasons not to take a job out of fear But there 's an important distinction to be made between dramatic personalities at work , says Chism . There 's the "  Drama Queen , " who has a victim orientation -- and the "  Queen Bee , " the persecutor . Both use manipulation , or undermining ways to get what she wants -- she may even be so temperamental that your colleagues walk on egg shells in order to avoid ` upsetting ' her , Chism says . But there are differences between the two . "  The Queen Bee uses her knowledge and power to bend the rules and get her way . Instead of whining , she is more of a bully . Often she is very skilled , knows the office politics and has built strategic relationships so that she can overrule the one who is supposed to be in charge , " Chism says . "  The employees know who the Queen Bee is because she usually is ` in ' with someone in authority , if not her own boss , then someone of even higher rank . " But what many people do n't understand are the motives behind such potentially destructive behavior . "  She wants recognition , power or attention . The drama queen has more clarity about what she wants . She is the one navigating the ship and that ship is pointed toward an island that is for her personal gain instead of toward and in alignment with the company mission and vision , " Chism says . But knowing all the reasons how and why there 's workplace drama or an office drama queen wo n't do you any good if you do n't know how to effectively deal with that personality . Here are five tips for dealing with the drama queen in your office : 1 . Get support from the top . "  If you are a manager and you have a drama queen that undermines your authority , you must be willing to talk to your boss and get his or her support , " Chism says . But if your boss contributes to the problem by letting the drama queen get her way , gather the courage to talk to your boss . "  Let -LSB- him or her -RSB- know how the drama queen 's problem contributes to lost revenue , team problems and customer service . " 2 . Clarify the roles and responsibilities . If the drama queen is doing things she 's not supposed to , hold a team meeting and clarity the roles and the due process , Chism says . "  Let your employees know that you have backing from the top executives for dealing with someone going out of due process . Give an example so your team is clear on what is changing and what consequences will result if due process is ignored , " she says . "  Have your employees sign and date a document confirming that they understand the new rules and expectations . " 3 . Initiate a difficult conversation . Whether it 's with your boss , the drama queen or both , make sure your mindset is in the right place before meeting with anyone . Create an intention to replace drama with harmony and to help everyone grow . CareerBuilder.com : Help ! My boss is flirting with me "  When you speak about the problem , take responsibility for the part you played before asking for the new behavior . For example , ' I let this slide for too long and did n't ' clarify the roles and responsibilities , ' or ' I was trying to keep the peace , and now this has become a customer service problem , ' " she says . "  Once you have owned the part you have played , you are free to state the problem and ask for the needed change . " 4 . Set a boundary . "  Make sure the person with whom you are having the difficult conversation knows what the boundary is . In other words , what is the consequence of ignoring your request ? What measures can you put into place so that you get compliance and commitment ? " Chism says . "  For example , ` Marie , if this happens again , unfortunately I will have to write you up and send you home on suspension . ' " 5 . Discipline appropriately . If you 've addressed the situation , and held the difficult conversation , one of two things will happen : you will either have eliminated the drama , or you will be tested , Chism says . "  If your drama queen employee decides to test you , you can not afford to ignore the situation . You must fulfill the promise you stated when you first set the boundary , even if doing so will make you the bad guy . If the discipline includes termination , good record-keeping of attempts to help the employee grow , and follow due process will come in handy . " CareerBuilder.com : Jobs that pay well , no degree required & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	The office "  drama queen " seeks personal benefit , rather than group success Get executives involved or hold a team meeting , says author Marlene Chism Setting boundaries and administering discipline may help solves problems , she says
Tuscaloosa , Alabama  CNN  -- Along with the city 's power and phone service , the hospital 's pager network went down when the tornado hit . But like nearly every doctor in Tuscaloosa , orthopedic surgeon Brian Claytor did n't need his beeper to tell him to head to the trauma center . Claytor said he did n't know what to expect when he arrived at DCH Regional Medical Center on Wednesday . "  The emergency room was just overflowing , " said Claytor , 38 . "  I was just in shock when I walked in to see the sheer volume of injured people and the severity of the injuries . " Patients filled the hallway and every available room . Injuries ranged from minor cuts , lacerations and broken ankles to severe trauma from debris that sliced patients ' heads , chests and abdomens . The wounded screamed for help . Others scrambled through the chaotic scene , searching for loved ones . Pickups screeched into the emergency room driveway with injured loved ones helpless and bleeding in the truck beds . Early on , the hospital relied on backup generator power . The fierce tornado clipped the back of the hospital . Water and air conditioning were lost through most of the night . The trauma center turned into a triage unit , much like a war zone hospital . With systems down , doctors , nurses , X-ray technicians and other staff members went into overdrive . "  In the midst of that , we 're trying to identify the worst of those injuries and try to get them dealt with as best we could , " Claytor said . "  It 's just impossible to adequately prepare yourself for that situation . But fortunately , after that initial shock wore off , people got down to work . " Over the next six hours , more than 650 patients were treated at the facility . "  That 's a staggering number , " he said . Another 150 patients were treated at a sister hospital across town . At DCH , about eight orthopedic surgeons , another 50 to 75 doctors and surgeons , and dozens more staffers descended on the hospital . Many came to work on that devastatingly historic night despite losing their own homes and cars , or even hearing that cousins and other relatives were missing , he said . "  Everybody showed up and got to work . It was amazing to see . "  Unfortunately , a number of the patients who did get here were n't able to be saved , and that 's tough to deal with , " Claytor said . "  One of the hardest things to deal with was seeing some of the parents carrying in children , babies , infants who had terrible injuries -- some of them clearly unlikely to survive . "  Just watching that unfold in front of you is something no one wants to see . " He said he 's amazed by the dedication of staff , not only here but from doctors across the region who offered their services . Claytor , still dressed in scrubs Saturday and having worked nearly every hour since the storm , held back tears . "  It 's just an amazing , emotional roller coaster for these people , " he said . "  Once we were able to take a break from it and think about it , it was heartbreaking . "	Over six hours , more than 650 people treated at Tuscaloosa trauma center Orthopedic surgeon Brian Claytor among dozens of doctors treating the wounded "  After  the  initial shock wore off , people got down to work , " Claytor said Many staffers worked despite losing homes or hearing that loved ones were missing
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- The frightened look on the Algerian players ' faces said it all . Standing in the center of the Cairo International Stadium , the 11 players representing the Desert Foxes were subjected to a barrage of boos and screams from the 100,000-strong crowd , drowning out every single note of their national anthem . Egypt versus Algeria has always been considered one of the fiercest rivalries in world football , but this age-old dual took a new dimension when the two met in a winner-takes-all match for a place in the 2010 World Cup finals . Egypt had to win by three clear goals to go through , or win 2-0 to force a play off . What had been billed as a crucial game between Arab and Muslim brothers ended in violence , recriminations , diplomatic intrigue and a trail of broken glass and burned-out cars from Cairo to Marseilles . Not since the so-called "  Soccer War , " when a World Cup qualifier between Honduras and El Salvador sparked armed conflict between the two feuding Central American nations in 1969 , has a football match taken on such overtly political tones . Algeria and Egypt have long been regional rivals , but the current animus stems from 1989 , when Egypt faced Algeria in a winner-takes-all match for a place at Italia ' 90 . Algeria , who had qualified for the past two finals and were considered the leading power in African football , lost 1-0 thanks to a controversial Hossam Hassan goal . "  The Algeria team was full of stars and on the pitch it was very crazy ; 11 fights between every player , " recalled Ayman Younis , a former Egyptian international who had played for the Pharaohs in that qualification campaign . "  Everybody forgot what the coaches had to say and just fought instead . It was a battle , not a football match . It was like our war against Israel in 1973 . " Violence followed between fans and players alike , with the Egyptian team doctor losing an eye via a broken bottle . Former African Player of the Year Lahkdar Belloumi was convicted in his absence . Despite denying any involvement in the attack an Interpol arrest warrant was hanging over him until the matter was resolved when the two governments met before last June 's first group game , which Algeria won 3-1 . The move was designed to defuse tensions between the two countries but by the time tickets were due to go on sale a few days before the final group match , the hysteria was almost out of control . With the Egyptian league cancelled weeks before the match , so that the team could prepare for the decider , a media war had broken out between Algeria and Egypt to fill the vacuum . The front page of Shoot , Egypt 's popular weekly football newspaper , was a case in point . It depicted a scene from the film "  300 , " a cinematic depiction of the classical battle of Thermopylaein where 300 Spartans held off an attack of over 100,000 Persian soldiers . Only this time the Egyptian players ' faces were superimposed over the faces of the Spartan soldiers . At the front , leading the charge with Egyptian flag in hand , was the coach Hassan Shehata . The headline read : "  Attack , " written in Arabic and smeared in blood . The escalation of the dirty media war was highlighted when the Algerian team landed in Cairo : Their bus was attacked by stone-throwing youths , who smashed windows and injured four people , including three players . "  They let them do it , " defender Antar Yahia told Algerian state radio , accusing Egyptian security guards of standing back and allowing the attack to happen . "  It 's shameful . In our home game we welcomed them with flowers . " But , despite a FIFA representative witnessing the attack , the Egyptian media , including the government controlled daily Al Ahram , accused the Algerians of fabricating the claim to try and force a cancellation . Across town protests broke out in front of the Algerian embassy as hundreds of Algerians tried to pick up tickets only to be told that just 2,000 would be made available . "  The Egyptians are so scared , they are trying any means -LSB- to win the match -RSB- , it is a dirty game , " explained 45-year-old Elias Filali , a British Algerian businessman as he waited for news about tickets . "  The image of Egypt is at stake . " On the day of the match the vast majority who had arrived at the Cairo International Stadium six hours before kick off to create the intimidating wall of sound that had drowned out the Algerian anthem were convinced that the Algerians were trying to cheat their way to the finals . The Desert Foxes , several wearing heavy bandages from the wounds they had received when their coach was attacked , were visibly rattled by the hostility , so much so that Amr Zaki managed to score in the second minute , giving 80 million Egyptians hope . Then Emad Moteab looped in a header five minutes into injury time . The Algerians were silent , halted just 30 seconds from the finishing line . The Egyptian bench stormed the pitch , the crowd exploding in disbelief . "  They -LSB- Algeria -RSB- are so disappointed now , " shouted Essam Bilal , a celebrating Egypt fan , over the din of car horns from the grid locked streets outside the stadium . "  It was bulls ** t that they were attacked -LSB- because -RSB- I know the bus driver and he said they invented everything so they deserved to lose . " The goal set off a chain of violent events around globe . The Egyptian government eventually confirmed that 20 Algerians had been hurt in riots outside the stadium , after initially denying anything untoward had taken place . One Algerian newspaper reported , falsely , that seven "  bodies " had been flown back from Cairo . Riots flared in Marseille , where youths of Algerian origin set fire to boats and cars ; Algiers was rocked when Egyptian businesses were ransacked by angry fans . Egypt recalled its ambassador to Algeria in protest . But the result meant that the two now had to play again , in Sudan , under tight security . Tens of thousands of Algerian and Egyptian fans descended on Omdurman  a sister city of Khartoum  for the game , which Algeria won 1-0 , sending them and not Egypt to South Africa . Ironically , it was Antar Yahia who scored the winning goal . Even after the match the war of words continued . Whilst most of the world 's press agreed that the aftermath had passed relatively peacefully , Egyptian media saw things differently . According to Egyptian football Web site Filgoal.com , tearful fans had phoned Egyptian TV shows from Sudan claiming to be under attack from knife-wielding Algerians . "  I do n't know what to say . Damn the so-called Arab unity , we should no longer talk about it , " presenter Ibrahim Hegazi angrily said on his Nile Sport TV show . "  We should review our situations . We can no longer bear such incidents . " President Mubarak told the Sudanese government , rather bluntly , that he would be watching the drama unfold on TV at home and would send in the army if need be . "  Egypt does not tolerate those who hurt the dignity of its sons -LSB- but -RSB- we do n't want to be drawn into impulsive reactions . I am agitated too , but I restrain myself , " he said afterwards in a televised speech to parliament . It was all news to the Sudanese government , who summoned the Egyptian ambassador , livid that media reports in Egypt had exaggerated the violence . FIFA charged the Egyptian FA over the attack on the Algerian team ; they responded by threatening to pull out of international competition for two years . The Algerian embassy was the scene of another riot , this time by Egyptian fans angry at the pictures they had seen emerge from Sudan . Like in 1989 , the aftermath will leave a bitter taste far beyond the football field . Unlike 1989 , both teams may not have to wait two decades to revive the animosity : Algeria and Egypt play in January 's African Cup of Nations and could meet in the knockout stages . FIFA , not to mention both governments , will pray that fate does n't offer either side the chance for revenge .	Egypt played Algeria in a winner takes all battle for a place at the World Cup . Violence , stoked by both country 's media , broke out as Algeria qualify . The match created a diplomatic incident between Egypt and Algeria . President Mubarak has personally intervened in the row .
Blue Mountains , Australia  CNN  -- Firefighters battling blazes that menaced the western suburbs of Sydney , Australia 's largest city , are concerned about Thursday 's weather conditions . "  Still expecting strong winds today which is clearly our focus across the current fire grounds . " Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons told reporters Thursday morning . Fitzsimmons reported 24 of the 66 active fires are uncontained and raging across a wide swath of Australia 's most populous state destroying at least 193 homes in the Blue Mountains area . "  We do apologize and regret that we were n't able to save everything . We are very acutely aware , because our teams are embedded in those local communities - there has been so much damage and destruction and people have lost everything . They did their best and will continue to do their best , " Fitzsimmons said on behalf of the fire services . A combination of high winds and temperatures Wednesday had fueled fears the bush fires burning across a 1,000-mile stretch of New South Wales would spread even farther . But thanks to fire crews ' "  extraordinary " work , helped out by some unexpected light rain overnight , the worst of the danger has been avoided , said Rural Fire Service Commissioner Shane Fitzsimmons . He praised firefighters for their skill and use of "  aggressive and high-risk strategies " that included "  backburning " operations -- fires begun by emergency crews to reduce potential tinder for the wildfires to feed on -- and thanked local communities for following instructions to keep them safe . Many families living in the Blue Mountains can now return home , he said , although they should be aware that conditions could still change . Some schools will reopen Thursday in those areas judged less at risk . But not everyone is out of danger yet . "  There 's a lot of very dangerous , a lot of very difficult firefighting occurring in communities still under threat , " he said . "  The fight is far from over . " Blue Mountain resident Pauline Worthington hopes buckets of water and damp grass will stop the fires from damaging her home , but will not be evacuating without trying to protect it . "  Stay and try to defend . If it gets too bad . We will go . Everything is packed ready to go , " Worthington says . A total fire ban is in place for the greater Sydney region until further notice . More than 1,500 Australian firefighters continue to battle the flames , a fire service spokesman said late Wednesday . Inspector Andrew Luke of the Rural Fire Service confirmed the State Mine fire near Lithgow was sparked as the result of live ordnance exercises on the Marrangaroo Army Range . Ten buldings and homes in the State Mine area have been destroyed since October 16 . The Australian Department of Defense issued a statement acknowledging Defense personnel were conducting an explosive training activity in the same area on the day the fire started . The department is conducting an investigation into the military exercise . The Sydney Airport region and Lucas Heights areas are under extreme fire warnings . An emergency warning is also in place in the Gateshead area . Power is out at more than 1,300 homes in fire-stricken regions , according to Ausgrid , a state-owned electricity network . Thursday is expected to bring an unwelcome change in the weather , said Fitzsimmons , with dry , southerly winds that could gust at up to 50 mph . This could present "  real challenges " for people living and working north of current active fire lines , he said . A nearly 1,000-mile line Local officials are surprised by the early arrival of bush fires this year as spring turns toward summer in the Southern Hemisphere . Fitzsimmons said the threat to Blue Mountains communities followed an unseasonably hot and dry winter . "  Never before have we seen the extent of damage and destruction and wide-scale fire activity at this time of the year , " he said . "  We need to remind ourselves that we have still got a long way to go as we look down the coming months into summer . " At least one death has been reported . A 63-year-old man died of a suspected heart attack October 18 while defending his home against a blaze on the New South Wales Central Coast , the Australian Broadcasting Corporation reported . The wildfires stretch along a nearly 1,000-mile line in New South Wales , from the far north of the state south of Brisbane -- which lies just across the Queensland border -- to east of Canberra , the country 's federal capital . Fires in the Blue Mountains range west of Sydney are a particular worry as rough terrain has impeded firefighting efforts . Helicopters circled Springwood , a Blue Mountains community under emergency alert status , dumping "  tons and tons of water " as the flames neared homes , said CNN 's Robyn Curnow . "  What we 're seeing here is fires coming very , very close to residential properties , " Curnow said . "  There seems to be a sense of helplessness by some people as they are watching as these fires run out of control . " Scores of fires now have burned more than 126,000 hectares  311,000 acres  , an area greater than the size of Los Angeles , said Rural Fire Service spokesman Andrew Luke . Helicopters in the region have dropped not only water to extinguish fires but also incendiary devices on the tops of mountains to create preventive burns . "  These fires ran more than 30 kilometers in one day because it gets on top of a mountain , showers the next area with embers , starts new fires ahead of it , " Rural Fire Service Deputy Commissioner Rob Rogers in New South Wales said Tuesday . The political blaze Prime Minister Tony Abbott told Australian radio that the United Nations ' head of climate change was "  talking through her hat " when she told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour there is "  absolutely " a link between the fires spreading across Australia 's most populous state and global warming . "  The World Meteorological Organization has not established a direct link between this wildfire and climate change -- yet , " U.N. Climate Chief Christiana Figueres said Monday . "  But what is absolutely clear is the science is telling us that there are increasing heat waves in Asia , Europe and Australia ; that there , these will continue ; that they will continue in their intensity and in their frequency . " Abbott said on 3AW radio in Melbourne on Wednesday that bush fires have had a long history in Australia . "  The official in question is talking through her hat , if I may say so , " Abbott said . "  Climate change is real , as I 've often said , and we should take strong action against it , but these fires are certainly not a function of climate change , they 're a function of life in Australia , " he said . "  We 've had bad fires since almost the beginning of European settlement . It has been since humans were on the continent . The Aboriginal people managed the landscape through various forms of firestick farming . " CNN 's Robyn Curnow , Mick Krever , Larry Register , and Jessica King contributed to this report .	Official : Strong winds main concern across current fire grounds Investigation confirms one of the fires sparked as the result of live ordnance exercises Fire chief praises firefighters ' skill , "  extraordinary " effort in battling blazes More than 60 wildfires reported in New South Wales ; 24 are not contained
CNN  -- Sorry sir , but you are not pregnant . Mila Kunis made a "  public service announcement " Tuesday on the late night talk show "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " It all started when the host -- who is expecting a child with his wife Molly McNearney -- told Kunis "  My wife and I are pregnant . We are having a baby very soon , as well . " "  Oh , you 're both having a baby , " said Kunis , who is set to have her first child with fiancÃ © Ashton Kutcher . "  You and your wife are pregnant ? " She then pulls out a microphone and begins a rant "  for all you soon-to-be fathers " : "  Stop saying ` we 're pregnant , ' " she said . "  You 're not pregnant ! Do you have to squeeze a watermelon-sized person out of your lady-hole ? No . " The joke ends with Kunis joined on stage by other pregnant women clutching ice cream containers . You have been warned , Kutcher . Mila Kunis talks pregnancy , wants natural birth	Kunis joked on "  Jimmy Kimmel Live ! " about men saying their are expecting "  Stop saying ` we 're pregnant , ' " she said The actress is expecting with Ashton Kutcher
CNN  -- Sri Lanka ordered an end to combat operations against Tamil Tiger rebels in the country 's north , the president 's office said Monday . But the rebels accused the military of continuing to bomb civilians . Sri Lankan soldiers stand guard next to a tank captured from the Tamil Tigers . "  Our security forces have been instructed to end the use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft and aerial weapons which could cause civilian casualties , " according a statement from the Presidential Secretariat . A rebel Web site , Tamilnet.com , immediately accused the government of violating its own order and "  deceiving the international community . " "  Two Sri Lanka air force fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets in Mu ` l'li-vaaykkaal after the announcement by the Sri Lankan forces that it would not deploy heavy weapons or carry out air attacks , " Tamilnet said , citing S. Puleedevan , director of the Tamil Peace Secretariat . "  Obviously we need to see what that means in practice , " John Holmes , the head of U.N. humanitarian operations , said about the government announcement to end combat operations . "  But , on the face of it , I think it 's good news . " The military will now concentrate on "  saving " and "  rescuing civilians , " who have been caught in the fighting between government forces and rebel fighters , the presidential statement said . The government 's decision followed an unscheduled meeting of the National Security Council called by President Mahinda Rajapaksa . The session included the commanders of the army , navy and air force . The developments came a day after Sri Lankan officials rejected a proposed cease-fire from the Tamil rebels , warning instead that government troops would continue a new offensive until the group surrendered , a senior government official told CNN . "  The government is firm that  the rebels  lay down their arms and surrender . We do not recognize this so-called offer , " said Lakshman Hulugalle , director of Sri Lanka 's Media Center for National Security . The Tiger leadership had asked the international community to "  pressure the Sri Lankan government to reciprocate " on the cease-fire offer . The United States , the United Nations , the European Union and India have called for a cease-fire . The foreign ministers of three nations are due in Sri Lanka on Wednesday -- David Miliband of the United Kingdom , Bernard Kouchner of France and Carl Bildt of Sweden . The rebels ' proposed cease-fire came six days after the Sri Lankan army launched a new offensive against the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam  LTTE  . Government troops made significant advances into rebel-held territory on Friday and Saturday , according to Sri Lankan army sources . A government-imposed deadline for the Tigers to surrender passed last Tuesday . Tens of thousands of displaced civilians currently remain wedged in a dwindling swath of territory controlled by the Tigers along the country 's northeastern coast . Government troops say they have rescued 39,000 civilians trapped in the area , but a U.N. refugee agency said Friday that a wave of "  fresh displacement " now exceeds 100,000 people . Watch civilians describe what they are experiencing " Fifty metric tons of relief supplies -- which landed in Colombo on Monday -- will be sent by UNICEF to the north to help displaced residents . UNICEF , which called the situation in the north a "  catastrophe for children , " said the displaced lack food , water and basic medical supplies . The rebels estimate the number of civilians still located in the territory at more than 160,000 . The Sri Lankan military said it "  freed 3,254 civilians from LTTE clutches " in operations Sunday . The Tigers have been fighting for an independent state in Sri Lanka 's northeast since 1983 . As many as 70,000 people have been killed since the civil war began , and the group has been declared a terrorist organization by 32 countries , including the United States and the European Union .	Tamil rebels say Sri Lankan forces ignoring orders to end military operations Sri Lanka : Forces ordered to cease use of heavy-caliber guns , combat aircraft Rebels say fighter bombers continued to bomb civilian targets after announcement Developments come after Sri Lankan officials reject rebels ' cease-fire offer
CNN  -- Andres Iniesta could miss Spain 's opening game at the World Cup after suffering a thigh injury in a warm-up match . The Barcelona midfielder set up two goals for Spain in their emphatic 6-0 win over Poland in Murcia on Monday , but was substituted after just 39 minutes . Iniesta missed a large chunk of Barcelona 's season with a thigh complaint , but team doctors insisted the injury was only minor . "  We substituted him because he had some discomfort in the back part of the thigh , " Spain 's team doctor Dr Oscar Celada was quoted as saying by the UK Press Association . "  He did n't notice any tear and it has not got any worse . It was at the start of the match and as he was n't comfortable , we made the change - it 's a minor muscle injury . "  We will calmly carry out tests on Wednesday , but we can initially rule out any muscle tear . It 's a minor injury , but we have to take precautions , " he added . Two of Spain 's other injury doubts , Arsenal midfielder Cesc Fabregas and Liverpool striker Fernando Torres , both came on a substitutes against Poland -- and scored -- as they look to step up their fitness . It was Torres ' first action since playing for Liverpool against Portuguese side Benfica back in April . "  It was almost two months without playing since the Benfica game and I was really keen to come back , " he said after the match . "  They have let me play for a while today and it was great to go out there and score . " As for Iniesta , it remains to be seen whether he will play any part in Spain 's opening Group H game against Switzerland on June 16 .	Andres Iniesta is a doubt for Spain 's opening match of the World Cup Iniesta was substituted after 39 minutes in warm-up match against Poland Fernando Torres and Cesc Fabregas both came on as substitutes as Spain won 6-0
CNN  -- In an incident eerily similar to a sexual assault that sent shock waves worldwide , Indian police say a woman was gang-raped over the weekend by seven men after she boarded a bus at night . Police have arrested all seven suspects , including the bus driver , after the alleged Friday night attack in the Gurdaspur district of Punjab state . Actress Freida Pinto , best known for her "  Slumdog Millionaire " role , talked to CNN 's Erin Burnett about her own experience and what it 's going to take the change the situation forever . CNN : As a woman growing up in India , do these stories shock you ? Freida Pinto : Growing up in India , I remember picking up the newspaper almost every day , and by the time you reach the fourth and the fifth page , there 'd be a little column in the corner that would be dedicated to a rape case that was reported . And the sad part is that those rape cases are just reported , and there was no follow-up after that . It kind of made me wonder as a girl growing up in India if forever as a girl , I would have to live in the fear of this might just happen to me . The challenges of being a woman in India CNN : What was your reaction when you found out about the rape of the 23-year-old woman , the one that has galvanized the world ? ... Were you surprised when that rape , given what you said about it being in the paper every day , when that rape was the one that inspired and motivated people ? Pinto : In a way , actually , I was . What was shocking was the reaction . And I think it was a very appropriate and much required reaction . Would have been wonderful if it happens many , many years ago , but the fact that it happened finally is what is really important . I hope these voices do n't die out , because what happens in situations like I was telling you , even growing up , just reading about them and you read them every day , and it 's sickening to read them every day , to the point that you do n't want to read it after a while . And I hope it does n't reach a stage as that , that you kind of let it pass . You want something to be done , and these voices can not be shut down anymore . And the youth are so powerful , so they need to continue . CNN : This has been a part of what you are and what you have been fighting for . Professionally , you played a victim of sexual violence in two films , "  Trishna " and your breakthrough role , of course , as Latika in the award-winning "  Slumdog Millionaire . " ... When you look at  those films  , is that dramatized , or is that a reflection of reality ? Take action to change the world for girls Pinto : Well , denigration of women in society , in a misogynistic society , is not uncommon . It 's heard of , and it happens not just in India , but it happens in so many parts of the world . We women as actors , we portray these roles in the hope that someone will listen and want to make a change and not just a film role that was played and then forgotten or just praised for the performance of how good the film was . CNN : I know you experienced firsthand , the fear of men . And I know your mother did also . Pinto : Right . One of her first horrifying experiences was when she was traveling , and she had one of these men on a delivery bike decided to kick her in the chest for a good feel , if you please , and he sped away with a laugh on his face . And my mother was so petrified , so shocked , she did not know how to react at that point in time . So she decided to carry stones in her bag so she could attack him the next time she saw him . You never really think it could happen to you , right ? So you continue with your everyday life . It 's not about the dress you wear or the kind of clothes you wear , because how would you then explain the rape of a 4-year-old child or a 65-year-old woman ? You would n't be able to explain that . So you continue living , thinking , "  I 'm going to be fine . " And then one fine day , you 're just marked for such brutality . CNN : Now , Freida , we keep hearing that the young woman 's rape will spark change in India , but the two rapes that have happened since that horrific act are barbaric also , as we described . Do you think anything will change , or will there just be a hue and an outcry , and it will essentially go back to the way it was before ? Pinto : I love being an optimist , even in situations like this , because that 's all you can do after a while . As soon as you become cynical , you kind of end up living a life of extreme dread and fear as well . And I want to be hopeful , and so , I want to live in the hope that this change can happen . It 's not going to happen overnight , and we are not going to be idealists about that . It 's going to take time . But that 's why I feel we can not be once again put into a situation of forced amnesia . We need to keep this fight alive . We need to keep the protest alive . Do the math : Girls + education = ...	Recent gang rapes in India have grabbed the world 's attention Actress Freida Pinto grew up in India and has worked for girls education awareness "  We need to keep the protest alive , " she says
CNN  -- Uruguay beat Ghana in a dramatic penalty shoot out to reach the semifinals of the World Cup where they will face the Netherlands . But Ghana were left to rue a missed penalty in the last minute of extra time on Friday night which denied them the honor of becoming the first African team to reach the semifinals . The penalty was awarded after Ghana 's Dominic Adiyiah had his first shot blocked on the line by Luis Suarez and his follow up effort was kept out out by the Uruguayan striker 's hand . It meant a red card for Suarez , but Asamoah Gyan 's spotkick hit the crossbar to stun Ghana and their supporters in Johannesburg 's Soccer City . In the shootout , Sebastian Abreu coolly chipped Richard Kingson in the Ghana goal for the clinching goal in the penalties to give his side an unassailable 4-2 lead . Ghana were always on the backfoot after John Mensah and Adiyiah had weak efforts saved by Uruguayan goalkeeper Fernando Muslera Maxi Pereira also blazed over for Uruguay but Abreu kept his nerve to put his side through . They will play the Netherlands in the semifinals in Cape Town next Tuesday , but Suarez will miss out after his sending off . The Dutch had upset Brazil 2-1 earlier Friday . Ghana , the only team from Africa to reach the knockout stage , went ahead in first half stoppage time as midfielder Sulley Muntari scored with a superb long-range strike . But Uruguay 's star striker Diego Forlan equalized with a swerving free-kick which deceived Ghana keeper Kingson in the 55th minute . Both teams had opportunities to claim victory in normal time but the match was petering out in extra time until the cruel last-gasp drama . Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez acknowledged his team had been fortunate to go through . "  I am very emotional . We did n't play well , but we have gone through , " he told AFP . "  The players are very strong and have a strong team spirit . We have a little time to prepare for the match against Holland but we are going there to win . " It will be Uruguay 's first World Cup semifinal for 40 years .	Uruguay beat Ghana 4-2 in a penalty shootout to reach World Cup semifinals Sebastian Abreu scores clinching penalty for Uruguay who now play the Netherlands Ghana 's Asamoah Gyan hits crossbar with a penalty in the last minute of extra time Uruguay 's Luis Suarez sent off in conceding penalty and will miss semifinal
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two explosions have struck a small cafe in volatile northwestern Pakistan , killing six people , including two police officers , local police and an official said . A paramedic treats a victim of a suicide blast at a hospital in Dera Ismail Khan on Sunday . The attack happened Sunday evening in the town of Dera Ismail Khan in Pakistan 's North West Frontier Province , a frequent scene of suicide attacks . No one was killed in the first blast , which happened at a cafe near a local college , said Haji Abdul Rauf , the town 's mayor . Four residents and two police officers were killed and 20 others injured when a suicide bomber struck 10 minutes later , Rauf said . The attackers were targeting police by attracting a crowd with the first blast , the mayor said . A local journalist said two of the civilians killed were reporters who had arrived after the first explosion . Pakistan 's forces have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in the North West Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas . Some of the Taliban militants conducting attacks in neighboring Afghanistan have been based in the North West Frontier Province and nearby tribal regions . The resurgence of the Taliban has prompted U.S. commanders and the incoming Barack Obama administration to put more of a focus on confronting militants along the border . The attack on Sunday came one week after a suicide car bomber -- apparently targeting people voting to fill a national assembly seat -- killed at least 37 people and wounded 16 others in the Bunair district of North West Frontier Province . In November , a suicide bomber detonated his explosives in the midst of a funeral procession in Dera Ismail Khan , killing at least seven people and injuring 30 more , police said . Days earlier , a suicide bomber struck a mosque during evening prayers in the Bajaur region of the North West Frontier Province , killing seven people . Journalist Janullah Hashimzada in Peshawar , Pakistan , contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber kills six people after early explosion attracts crowd Attack happened in Pakistan 's volatile North West Frontier Province Four residents and two police officers were killed , and 20 others injured Pakistan has been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants in the province
CNN  -- Dee Stewart 's birthday is Friday , and she 'll be wearing red to celebrate . It 's not her favorite color , but it is for her favorite cause . Friday is National Wear Red Day , part of the American Heart Association 's Go Red for Women movement to raise awareness about women 's heart health . Stewart is a survivor of heart failure . Stewart 's life changed in 2000 when she remained hospitalized for fatigue , nausea and other unexplained symptoms after her daughter 's birth . "  They could n't figure out what was wrong with me , " said Stewart of Covington , Georgia . "  By the time they figured it out , my heart function had gone to 5 % , and I was on the heart transplant list . " Stewart was diagnosed with peripartum cardiomyopathy , a rare heart disorder that affects women from the final month of pregnancy to five months after childbirth . She had never heard of the condition before and had no history of heart disease in her family , or so she thought . "  Once I became sick , we had to dig into our family history to find out was it hereditary , " Stewart said . "  I 've had relatives that have died from it . " After her diagnosis , volunteers from the American Heart Association helped teach Stewart about her illness and how to manage its symptoms . Her heart function has improved to around 40 % , and by making lifestyle changes , she is able to lead a mostly normal life . During her recovery , Stewart realized how important it was to educate herself and other women about the risk factors and warning signs of heart disease . "  We like to take care of the family and everyone else first . We have to go to the doctor first . The family can not boil water if you 're sick , " she said . "  The more education we know about these things the better we can react for our families . " For 10 years , Stewart has dedicated her birthday to teaching other women about heart health and raising money for Go Red for Women . "  Every year that I 'm alive I want to remember . I want to educate women on the Go Red campaign and American Heart  Association  because they really did save me , " Stewart said . According to the association , cardiovascular disease claims the lives of 500,000 women each , yet like Stewart initially , a large percentage of women are unaware of its dangers . "  I think that women commonly think of heart disease as a man 's disease , which it is not . Heart disease is the No. 1 killer of women , " said Dr. Mary Ann Bauman , medical director for women 's health and community relations at INTEGRIS Health in Oklahoma City and also a spokeswoman for the American Heart Association 's Go Red for Women movement . "  This grass-roots movement has made a difference , " Bauman said . "  Research shows that women  who  have visited  the Go Red for Women  website , more than a third of them have lost weight ; 40 % have checked their cholesterol ; a third of them have talked to their doctors . " Go Red for Women is trying to raise $ 100,000 by the end of February in honor of National Heart Month to fund additional research and education programs on women 's heart health . This year Stewart will don her red and gather with friends , family and other women at a suburban Atlanta restaurant to celebrate her 39th birthday , raise money for the association and teach women to take charge of their health . "  It can happen to anybody . I do n't want women to wait , " Stewart said . "  You only get this heart once . Be forceful about your health . " She plans to pass out small red dress pins , a symbol of Go Red for Women 's fight for awareness . "  For me it symbolizes that there is an importance placed on women 's health . It also seems like a sisterhood when I see people with the red pins on , " Stewart said . She said hopes the pins are a reminder that heart disease can be treated and even prevented , but first you have to be informed . For information on the American Heart Association , visit its website . To get involved with the Go Red for Women movement as a fundraiser or event organizer , sign up online . To participate in the Wear Red Day Challenge , record a video or a take a photo and submit it on the Go Red for Women Facebook page before February 23 .	Dee Stewart was diagnosed with a heart condition after her daughter 's birth Stewart dedicates her birthday to educating women about heart health Heart disease is the No. 1 killer of women , according to American Heart Association Stewart and others don red on Friday to raise women 's awareness about heart disease
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo won his 99th international cap for Portugal -- but the Real Madrid superstar could not inspire his country as it slumped to a World Cup qualifying defeat in Russia . Only Luis Figo  127  and Fernando Couto  110  have made more appearances for Portugal than Ronaldo , who will hope to reach his century against Northern Ireland on Tuesday . Ronaldo had scored eight goals in his previous three games for Real Madrid , including a classy double against Barcelona in last Sunday 's El Clasico . Messi and Ronaldo ensure honors shared in 222nd El Clasico But he was unable to prevent Russia from claiming a third consecutive victory in Group F to claim top spot as Fabio Capello 's men recorded a 1-0 win . Alexander Kerzhakov 's sixth minute strike was enough to secure Russia its first ever win over Portugal in the post-Soviet era . Playing on the synthetic surface at Moscow 's Luzhniki Arena , Portugal struggled to make a breakthrough against a stubborn Russian defense . Russian keeper Igor Akinfeyev made two impressive saves to deny Ronaldo and Bruno Alves as the visitors pushed for an equalizer . But the home side held out and might have even extended their lead further had Denos Glushakov and Roman Shirokov made the most of their opportunities . "  I ca n't say that we looked bad tonight , " Portugal manager Paulo Bento told AFP . "  In general we played a good match . We reacted well on the goal we conceded and we followed the plan which we worked out before the match . "  Of course Russia played a great match but I think the result was n't fair as I know my team is capable of playing top quality football . We came here to win and are really upset now . " FIFA Asia chief : 2022 Winter World Cup would ` make sense ' Germany underlined its credentials as potential World Cup winners with a 6-1 thrashing of the Republic of Ireland in Dublin . The defeat , Ireland 's heaviest at home since 1931 , came with the hosts missing several key players including captain Robbie Keane . Marco Reus scored twice in eight minutes to give the Germans a 2-0 lead at the break , before goals from Mesut Ozil , Miroslav Klose and two Toni Kroos strikes left Ireland decimated . Andy Keogh grabbed a consolation for Ireland but that failed to tarnish a Germany performance which sees them top Group C with maximum points . Germany has not lost a World Cup qualifier in its past 16 matches with its last defeat coming against England in September 2001 . World and European champions Spain eased to a 4-0 win in Belarus courtesy of a hat-trick from Barcelona 's Pedro . Jordi Alba gave the visitors a 12th minute lead before Pedro stole the show with a classy treble to wrap up victory in the Group I encounter . France warmed up for Tuesday 's World Cup clash with Spain by losing its friendly match 1-0 to Japan in Paris . Shinji Kagawa 's 88th minute strike stunned the home crowd and left the French cursing an embarrassing defeat . Vieira questions young players ' ` lack of love ' for England team Wayne Rooney moved up to fifth place in the list of England 's all-time leading goalscorers after netting twice in a 5-0 win against minnows San Marino . Rooney , who took his tally to 31 goals for his country , scored a goal in each half with his Manchester United teammate Danny Welbeck also notching twice . "  There are some great players there and to be in the England top five is something to be proud of , " he told ITV1 . "  I am only 26 so hopefully I will score a lot more . "  We created some good chances and maybe there was a bit of poor finishing but it 's not that easy when they put 10 or 11 men behind the ball . "  It 's difficult to break them down and we had to create chances and we managed to do that , so obviously we 'll take the positives and it was n't a bad result . " Arsenal 's Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain grabbed his first international goal to complete a routine win over a San Marino side ranked 207th out of 207 in the world rankings . But there was bad news for Arsenal 's Theo Walcott , who was taken to hospital for scans after being injured in a clash with San Marino goalkeeper Aldo Simoncini early on . Italy was made to fight all the way in Yerevan before escaping with a 3-1 win over Armenia in Group B. Juventus coach Conte has ban reduced to four months Henrikh Mkhitaryan had canceled out Andrea Pirlo 's penalty kick to bring the hosts level , before second half strikes from Daniele de Rossi and Pablo Osvaldo secured victory for Italy . Sweden survived an embarrassing episode against the minnows of the Faroe Islands after recovering to sneak a 2-1 win in Group C Rogvi Baldvinsson fired the Faroes ahead after 57 minutes to leave Sweden facing a monumental World Cup qualifying defeat against a team ranked 131 places below . Fulham midfielder Alexander Kacaniklic grabbed an equalizer before Zlatan Ibrahimovic bagged a 75th minute winner . Netherlands recorded a third consecutive victory with a comfortable 3-0 win over Andorra . ` Pitbull ' Davids joins Barnet Rafael van der Vaart , Klaas-Jan Huntelaar and Ruben Schaken were on target as the Dutch made it nine points out of nine in Group D They sit top of the group alongside Romania , which also has maximum points from its three games following a 1-0 win in Turkey . Belgium recorded a superb win after inflicting Serbia 's first competitive home defeat since April 2001 . The Belgians cruised to a 3-0 victory in Group A with goals from Christian Benteke , Kevin De Bruyne and Kevin Mirallas . Croatia sits joint-top on seven points with Belgium following a 2-1 win over Macedonia . Tottenham star Gareth Bale scored twice , including a stunning left-footed rocket , as Wales came from behind to defeat Scotland 2-1 in Group A.	Cristiano Ronaldo suffers disappointment on occasion of his 99th cap Germany crushes Republic of Ireland 6-1 Pedro hat-trick seals 4-0 win for World champion Spain Belgium secures stunning 3-0 win in Serbia
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Jay Leno says immediacy is key to his new show , and he should have plenty of it for his prime time premiere Monday , when Kanye West is a musical guest . Kanye West , center , with girlfriend Amber Rose and actor Tracy Morgan at the 2009 MTV VMAs . The rapper created a fan and artist uprising Sunday night when he jumped onstage at MTV 's Video Music Awards to hijack singer Taylor Swift 's acceptance speech . Leno could reprise his 1995 ratings-grabbing moment when he asked actor Hugh Grant , "  What the hell were you thinking ? " Grant had been arrested two weeks earlier for public lewd conduct with a Hollywood hooker . West placed a written apology on his Web site -- "  I 'm sooooo sorry " -- but "  The Jay Leno Show " could be the place and time for a more personal and public mea culpa . Watch the details on West 's appearance " Leno 's publicist confirmed Monday that West was still booked for the NBC show , which tapes just three hours before it airs in the eastern United States at 10 p.m. West was booked by Leno weeks ago to perform with two other hip-hop superstars : Rihanna and Jay-Z . Some drama may center around how West and Jay-Z get along onstage . Jay-Z 's wife , singer Beyonce Knowles , was perhaps the most embarrassed by his outburst . Swift , a 19-year-old country-pop singer , was in the midst of her acceptance speech for the Best Female Video award when West rushed onstage and took her microphone . He then let loose an outburst on behalf of Beyonce , who was one of several artists who lost out to Swift . Although Beyonce appeared stunned as she watched from the front row , she gracefully recovered near the end of the show , when she was onstage to accept an award of her own . "  I remember being 17 years old , up for my first MTV award with Destiny 's Child , and it was one of the most exciting moments of my life , " she said , referring to the girl group with which she had her start . "  So I would like for Taylor to come out and have her moment . " West 's online apology appeared soon after . "  I 'm sooooo sorry to Taylor Swift and her fans and her mom , " the message said in all caps . "  I spoke to her mother right after and she said the same thing my mother would 've said . She is very talented ! ... I 'm in the wrong for going on stage and taking away from her moment ! " MTV said the West-Swift incident was not planned , a point it had to stress after a walkout by singer Eminem at last year 's event turned out to be staged . Staged or not , apologies from celebrities behaving badly have been good for Leno 's ratings . When Grant told Leno "  I did a bad thing , " it gave Leno 's "  Tonight Show " a viewership bump that has been credited with solidifying his lead over rival David Letterman in the late-night ratings war . This is just the kind of "  immediacy " Leno was talking about in a call with reporters last week . "  The idea here is that we 'll tape a new , fresh show every single day , talking about the events that happened that day that night , " Leno said . West , Rihanna and Jay-Z will debut Leno 's new approach to musical guests . They will be limited to one song , and most nights they 'll share the stage with other stars . "  What we 're trying to do is put together acts that you do n't normally see together or do n't normally perform together , " Leno said . Jerry Seinfeld will also appear on Leno 's premiere Monday .	Rapper Kanye West scheduled to appear on "  The Jay Leno Show " Leno 's new show set to premiere Monday night Leno could reprise famous Hugh Grant moment in questioning West West made news and angered fans by interrupting Taylor Swift during speech
CNN  -- Uganda 's President has declined to sign a bill that would punish certain homosexual acts with life in prison , but the move was not designed to protect the civil rights of gays and lesbians . President Yoweri Museveni believes that parliament illegally passed the bill , and gays and lesbians are "  sick people who need help , " his spokesman said . A Ugandan lawmaker first introduced the bill in 2009 with a death penalty clause for some homosexual acts . It was briefly shelved when Britain and other European nations threatened to withdraw aid to Uganda , which relies on millions of dollars from the international community . The nation 's parliament passed the bill last month , supplanting the death penalty provision with a proposal of life in prison for "  aggravated homosexuality . " It was awaiting the President 's signature for passage . News came Friday that the President had sent a letter to the speaker of the parliament , saying he ca n't sign the bill because there were n't enough parliament members present when it was passed . "  There was no quorum which  was  mandated for bill passage . Thus , he is unable to sign a bill that was not legally passed , " spokesman Tamale Mirundi said . The spokesman further explained Museveni 's thinking about the issue . "  Homosexuals need help . They are sick , " Mirundi said . "  Homosexuals were present in Africa in the past and were not persecuted . " The President also believes that the issue is not a priority for his country . "  It might be important in Europe , but not here , " Mirundi said . "  The President 's inability to sign the bill is very clear and his stance has not changed . ... There was no quorum , and homosexuals are sick people who need help . " According to Amnesty International , the bill 's definition of "  aggravated homosexuality " includes acts in which a person is infected with HIV , "  serial offenders " and sex with minors . The bill also proposed years in prison for anyone who counsels or reaches out to gays and lesbians , a provision that would ensnare rights groups and others providing services to lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people . Homosexuality is illegal in most African countries , where sodomy laws were introduced during colonialism . In Uganda , homosexual acts are punishable by 14 years to life in prison , according to rights activists . But lawmakers in the conservative nation sought tougher legislation , saying the influence of Western lifestyles risks destroying family units . "  This is a piece of legislation that is needed in this country to protect the traditional family here in Africa , and also protect the future of our children , " said David Bahati , the lawmaker who introduced the bill . Rights groups and the international community had urged Museveni to veto the bill . Parliament is in recess and wo n't reconvene until February 18 , parliament spokesman Moses Bwalatum said . The bill can become law without the President 's signature if Museveni returns it to parliament twice and it garners the support of two-thirds of lawmakers , he said . Journalist Samson Ntale and Gregory Branch contributed to this report .	President 's spokesman : "  There was no quorum , and homosexuals are sick people " Lawmakers downgraded punishment for "  aggravated homosexuality " to life in prison Law also proposed prison time for those who counsel , reach out to gays and lesbians Parliament reconvenes next month , and the bill could pass without President 's signature
CNN  -- Holiday gatherings can be rough . You have a sneaking suspicion Uncle Joe is going to have a drink or five too many , and you 're still wincing about that great gift your brother 's girlfriend gave you last year , when you did n't get her a thing . You probably know how to handle these situations with grace and poise . But how would you really like to do it ? Comedian Rob Riggle is here to provide a little inspiration . We asked Riggle -- a former "  Daily Show " correspondent who also appears in CBS 's "  Gary Unmarried " and films including "  The Hangover " -- to suggest some mischief for those awkward holiday moments . And for those without the comedic chops to follow his lead , we 've also sought expert advice from stress management consultant Kathleen Hall , founder and CEO of The Stress Institute , and Stephanie Smith , a licensed psychologist in the Denver , Colorado , area and contributor to the American Psychological Association blog "  Your Mind Your Body . " Scenario 1 : Someone gives you a gift , but you did n't get him/her one Riggle 's take : Thank goodness for current events . "  This is a good year for that , " Riggle says . "  If that happens this year , you pat down your pockets , or pull them out and show that they are empty , and you say , ` Aw , man , I 'm so sorry -- the recession and all . ' "  And that 's it , you 're off the hook . And you 're one up on presents . " Expert advice : Smile graciously , say thank you , do n't feel guilty , and do n't decide on the spot that you 're going to give something in return , Smith and Hall say . Gift-giving does n't always need to be reciprocal . " -LSB- Being thankful -RSB- is more important than stammering , ' I forgot your gift and I 'll bring it tomorrow , ' " Smith says . Scenario 2 : A relative bugs you with personal questions Riggle 's take : Is the spotlight on you after Uncle Jim asked about your unemployment ? Use it . "  If you can deliver it with a straight face , tell them you 're thinking about becoming a rapper , " Riggle says . "  That will get them off your back . "  Give them a little demo of the rapping skills . That 's always nice , have a little rap in your pocket . Give them a taste . But you have to commit to it , like , ` My name is Rob , and I like corn on the cob ' -- something that 's awful , but make them believe you 're sincere about it . "  That usually will work on at least getting them to talk to each other instead of you . " And if you 're interrogated about your nonexistent dating life ? "  I think being a little obnoxious at the top would signal you 're not appreciating the conversation , " Riggle says . "  If they ask when you are getting married , say , ` Tomorrow . ' That 's letting them know , ` OK , he 's not going to answer me seriously , ' and they 'll be off your back . " Expert advice : Come up with canned responses now -- ones that answer the question sufficiently but put a period on the topic . "  Somebody that has been out of work a long time probably does n't want to talk about being unemployed , " Smith says . "  You may say something like , ` Thanks so much for asking . I 've had a lot of interesting conversations with a lot of people about a lot of jobs , and I 'm looking forward to 2010 . ' "  That leads to the next topic . You can say , ` Speaking of 2010 , what are you doing for New Year 's ? ' " Scenario 3 : You arrive with a new significant other , but your friends and relatives are loyal to the previous one Riggle 's take : "  You have to sell how happy you are , " he says . "  This is where it falls on you to be your absolute best . You really have to sell your joy and love for the world . You 're leading the carols . Then they 'll have to say , ` Wow , you 're really happy . Your joy can not be denied . ' " And what will the new date think ? "  The new partner will love it , " Riggle says . "  She wo n't know why you 're happy . She 'll think , ` Hey , this guy loves family . Maybe I 'll want to marry him . ' It just works all the way around . " Expert advice : The best defense is a great offense . Walk straight up to people and confidently introduce him or her . "  That can take people who thought they had the upper hand off guard , because you 're showing confidence , " says Hall , the Stress Institute founder . In case someone gives you a weird look , have an escape plan . "  Say -LSB- to your date -RSB- , ` You wanted a drink , right ? Let 's get one . ' Or , ` Look over there , there 's Fred . I wanted you to meet him , too , ' " Hall says . Scenario 4 : A relative is drunk and becoming obnoxious Riggle 's take : Now might be the time to put the fun in dysfunction . "  Generally speaking , when people drink , it 's bad-decision time . That can be a lot of fun , " Riggle says . "  That 's an opportunity to talk them into doing something stupid , like getting them to take off their shirt or wrestle in the living room . " "  Also , alcohol serves as a truth serum , so that 's the time to ask those tough questions . Get that family gossip out there , like the time cousin Eddie pooped his pants or something along those lines . "  These opportunities only come around so often -- weddings and holidays , that 's it . Milk them for all you can get . That 's the time to get the family dish . " Expert advice : Hall and Smith say it 's generally best not to engage the heavy drinker , lest you risk an ugly scene . Hall , though , adds that someone with a good relationship with the person may want to kindly ask him or her to tone it down . "  Do n't shame them in front of others -- take them into the next room and talk to them , " Hall says . Smith says visitors can prepare an exit strategy : "  Talk with your partner or kids and say , ` If Aunt Suzie starts screaming , that 's our cue to go home . ' "	Comedian/actor Rob Riggle is a former correspondent with "  The Daily Show " Former "  Saturday Night Live " cast member appears in CBS 's "  Gary Unmarried " Riggle dishes advice on awkward moments at holiday gatherings Stress management consultant Kathleen Hall and psychologist Stephanie Smith also give advice
CNN  -- Groupon , always good for a discounted pizza or spa treatment , is adding gadgets and other goods in an e-commerce expansion . Groupon Goods , unveiled this week by the Chicago-based Web service , is a departure for the company which , since 2008 , has been sharing mainly service-industry offers with users as it helped define the daily-deals space . The move comes as Groupon approaches a $ 750 million public stock offering  albeit one that has been postponed amid a turbulent stock market  . "  Groupon Goods features really good deals on great products , " Groupon wrote on the FAQ page about the service . "  To get airspace on Groupon Goods , a product has to be cool enough to share and innovative enough to inspire . It also must be made of reliably bonded molecules and stardust . "  Honestly , if we think a product is remarkable and we can offer a good deal on it , we 'll do so . " So , presumably , you could score a deal on a laptop , smartphone or other gadget along with the typical sort of offers .  We 're holding out hope for the combination headphones/hair rejuvenation system that shoots lasers at your head . If Groupon did n't have a history of irreverent descriptions and humor  Super Bowl ad , anyone ?  that would sound an awful lot to us like a line lifted from Woot ! , the venerable site which , since 2004 , has been offering ... well ... daily deals promoted with irreverent descriptions and humor . The service will limit the number of daily items each user can purchase and , at least in the beginning , ship straight from the retailer . All products will be shipped in the contiguous 48 U.S. states , with shipping to Hawaii , Alaska , Puerto Rico and Canada possible depending on the individual deal . The Groupon Goods deals will arrive daily in users ' e-mail , the same way current Groupon offers do .	Groupon adds online retailing to daily deals Groupon Goods will feature actual items alongside services like restaurant discounts Items will be shipped straight from retailers , with a limit on how many you can buy
CNN  -- Steven Soderbergh made certain his new movie , "  Che , " about the life of revolutionary Ernesto "  Che " Guevara , could n't be attacked -- at least on a factual level . Steven Soderbergh hewed close to the facts in making the four-hour "  Che , " starring Benicio Del Toro , right . "  I did n't mind someone saying , ` Well , your take on him , I do n't really like , ' or ` You 've left these things out and included these things . ' That 's fine , " Soderbergh said . "  What I did n't want was for somebody to be able to look at a scene and say , ` That never happened . ' " But he 's aware that he 's going to be accused of romanticizing the Argentine doctor and Marxist guerrilla who helped Cuba 's Fidel Castro launch the first and only victorious socialist revolution in the Americas . He does n't buy the criticism . "  I do n't have sort of a personal investment in making him look one way or another , " Soderbergh said in one interview with CNN . "  I picked -LSB- these periods in his life -RSB- because I was interested in the specifics of how you wage a war like this -- mostly because I do n't believe you can wage a war like this anymore . " In a separate interview , he added , "  He killed people and he was pretty up-front about it , and he was a hard character . And the movie 's kind of a process film about trying to wage a certain kind of revolution . ... I think he comes across as pretty tough . " For the director , profiling Guevara meant a lot of research . Soderbergh read everything he could find on Guevara from both supporters and opponents ; he wanted to make sure he correctly told the story many Cubans know by heart . Watch an extensive interview with Soderbergh : Part 1 " Part 2 " "  Che " is the kind of project that few directors besides Soderbergh might try . The director is known for varying his Hollywood productions , such as "  Erin Brockovich " and "  Ocean 's Eleven , " with quirky personal films such as "  Full Frontal " and "  Bubble . " "  Che , " shot in Spanish , is a two-part biographical film that runs more than four hours overall . Part one , "  The Argentine , " portrays Guevara 's role in the revolution that overthrew Cuban leader Fulgencio Batista in 1959 . Part two , "  Guerrilla , " shows his later efforts in Africa and Bolivia . Guevara was executed in Bolivia in 1967 after trying to foment revolution in the South American country . "  I have to say , it is probably one of the most difficult movies I 've ever made , " actor Benicio Del Toro said . "  The way I felt on a Monday in -LSB- shooting -RSB- this movie is the equivalent to how I felt at the end of the week of another movie . " Del Toro , who also co-produced "  Che , " plays Guevara in the film , and Mexican actor Demian Bichir plays Castro . Although Del Toro is well known for his Oscar-winning performance in "  Traffic "  also directed by Soderbergh  , Bichir is not as recognizable outside his native country . "  Demian , though , was very crucial , " Soderbergh said . "  Because if we do n't have someone who can go head to head with Benicio and feel like he 's just as strong , then the movie does n't work at all . And I was really impressed by -LSB- Bichir 's -RSB- confidence . Because that 's what Fidel really has more than anything , is that confidence . " Soderbergh , who said he was first approached by Del Toro to do the project while making "  Traffic " in 2000 , is just as happy with his language choice for the Spanish-language film . He feels "  Che " would not have earned respect as an English-speaking movie . "  It seemed weird to make a movie about one of the most vocal anti-imperialists of the 20th century and use the language of the imperialists , " he said . "  That just did n't make any sense to me . " Soderbergh hopes the practice of doing foreign films in English will go out of practice completely , and Del Toro agrees . The actor believes it is time the United States , Britain and Australia see movies the way the rest of the world has been seeing them for decades -- with subtitles . "  I think it helps relationships , " Del Toro said . "  I think it 's good to have movies from different cultures . And , you know , the only way you are going to understand them is -LSB- with -RSB- subtitles . " Though he was born and spent part of his childhood in Puerto Rico , Del Toro -- who describes himself as "  a Hollywood actor " -- said speaking Spanish in "  Che " did n't come easy . "  I 'm lucky that I 'm bilingual , " he said . But Soderbergh readily admits he was greatly affected by the language barrier . Fortunately , he added , he understands enough Spanish to know when there was a problem with translation , and the rest he accepted peacefully . "  I found it really pleasant to not understand the language completely , because then it becomes like music and you can tell when the notes do n't sound right , " he said . The cast filmed on location in Spain , Mexico , Puerto Rico and Bolivia . While Soderbergh was frustrated by the U.S. embargo on Cuba that kept him from filming in the country itself , he enjoyed working in remote places without distractions . "  I like the ` man with the movie camera ' aspect of going out there and getting stuff that you ca n't get any other way , " Soderbergh said . "  I got a sense that that part really did appeal to Che . That he really did love being out there with the group , doing this one thing that they were trying to do . " The New Year marks the 50th anniversary of Guevara and Castro 's overthrow of the U.S.-supported dictator Batista . Though realizing Cuba and its revolutionary personalities remain a subject of controversy in America , Soderbergh hopes people take a step back and look at the big picture from the perspective of history . "  I think there 's a lot of information , a lot of detail about both these campaigns -- Cuba and Bolivia -- that do n't generally come out in the stories about these two battles , " he said . "  I thought it was all pretty interesting . " Del Toro agreed . "  Because I got this job , I learned a lot about -- more than what I knew -- about the history of Latin America , the history of Cuba , the history of the '60s , " he said . "  That was part of the fun of doing this movie . "	Steven Soderbergh 's new film a four-hour epic on Che Guevara Benicio Del Toro plays Guevara , Marxist guerrilla executed in 1967 Soderbergh does n't mind if people disagree with film , wants facts straight
CNN  -- Some years ago I was the municipal prosecutor in a midsize New Jersey town . I had weekly "  night court " duties , where we handled traffic violations , DUIs and other nonfelonies . I can say without reservation that during the years I worked as a prosecutor , I held the police in the highest regard and greatly trusted them . I felt this way for years after I stopped prosecuting . But those feelings are gone . Do n't get me wrong , I do n't view the police as the enemy . I simply do n't trust them like I once did . I no longer give them the benefit of the doubt , meaning I can now just as easily believe the suspect 's version of the facts as the police officers . And I can easily believe allegations of police misconduct . And here 's what New York City police union leader Patrick Lynch and others like him in the New York Police Department do n't get : I 'm not the exception . In fact , my views about police put me in the company of a growing number of Americans . A Gallup poll released a few weeks ago found that 48 % of Americans view the police as possessing high or very high levels of honesty and ethics . That number is not only down 6 percentage points from 2013 , it 's the lowest in almost 20 years . In contrast , 68 % of Americans viewed the police as possessing high levels of honesty and ethics in 2001 . That 's an astounding 20-point drop in 13 years . To me , these falling poll numbers are tied , at least in part , to a case like Eric Garner , the unarmed man placed in a chokehold by a New York officer and who died a short time later . A recent poll found that 57 % of Americans believed that the grand jury had made a mistake in failing to indict the officer who had choked Garner , with only 22 % agreeing with the grand jury 's decision . It 's with that 22 % of people where Lynch , president of the New York City Patrolmen 's Benevolent Association , and his compatriots stand . Indeed , after the grand decision was announced a few weeks ago , Lynch made matters worse with two tone-deaf comments . First , he seemingly blamed Garner for his own death with the remark , "  Garner made a choice that day to resist arrest . " He then shockingly added that Garner 's death is a "  tragedy for this police officer who has to live with that death . " A tragedy for the police officer ?! The police officer is alive . Garner is dead . Yet to Lynch , we should have sympathy for the police officer who most of us believe should be facing criminal charges for homicide . And Lynch has not let up in his apparent efforts to drive a wedge between the public and the New York Police Department . On Saturday night , shortly after we learned of the horrific slayings of two New York police officers at the hands of a man who reportedly said he wanted to avenge the deaths of Garner and Michael Brown , Lynch released one of the most irresponsible statements I 've ever heard from a person in his position . Lynch said there 's "  blood on many hands " in the cop killings . First , he blamed New York Mayor Bill de Blasio -- who has in the past been slightly critical of certain of the department 's actions -- saying that the "  blood on the hands starts on the steps of City Hall in the office of the mayor . "  The NYPD 's Sergeants Benevolent Association echoed Lynch 's sentiment . Then Lynch blamed the recent protesters who had taken to the streets to denounce the grand jury decision in the Garner case . Just so it 's clear , a small number of protesters did -- despicably -- chant , "  What do we want ? Dead cops . " But it 's outlandish to blame the protesters for the actions of a man with a long criminal record who had shot his girlfriend only hours before killing the police officers . Lynch 's comments sounded like a politician using a tragedy to score political points . In fact , former New York Gov. George Pataki , a Republican who is said to be considering a presidential run in 2016 , made comments similar to Lynch 's via Twitter , where he blamed de Blasio for the tragedy . Lynch is missing the big picture . Sure , for politicians such as Pataki , pandering to the base is the norm . But the leader of a union that represents more than 34,000 uniformed officers charged with protecting and serving the public needs to be better than offering up red meat to his supporters . Lynch is viewed by many as the spokesman for rank-and-file New York Police Department officers . Consequently , his remarks could result in an even fewer Americans viewing the police in a favorable light . That does not bode well for us a nation . If we collectively view the police as an untrustworthy adversary and not an ally , it undermines the very notion of community-based policing that is the cornerstone to effective policing . The question is : Will Lynch and his supporters change their tune , or will they make matters worse ?	When he was a prosecutor , Dean Obeidallah trusted police ; like many now , he does not Polls show sharp drop in trust in police ; in one , majority disagrees with Eric Garner grand jury He says comments of police union head antagonize , damage relations with citizens Obeidallah : If trust in police is damaged , so is cornerstone of community policing
CNN  -- Before most Americans had heard of Devyani Khobragade , Indian officials were already giving the world 's superpower a good drubbing . Politicians from left and right refused to meet with a visiting U.S. congressional delegation in New Delhi as uproar over the Indian diplomat 's arrest and strip search consumed all of India . Here 's what Narendra Modi , a leader from the opposition Bharatiya Janata Party , tweeted : "  Refused to meet the visiting USA delegation in solidarity with our nation , protesting ill-treatment meted to our lady diplomat in USA . " So how is it that one diplomat 's troubles resulted in a massive international row between the world 's most populous democracy and its most powerful one ? Why is the arrest of one woman threatening to seriously damage warm relations between the two allies ? "  There is a lot of protest in India . I personally believe they are politically motivated , " Aseem Chhabra , a columnist for Mumbai Mirror newspaper , told CNN . "  We have elections coming up in May . " Chhabra pointed to the refusal to meet with the U.S. delegation as political grandstanding . "  Clearly this becomes an election statement : ` Look , we are standing up against the U.S. , ' " Chhabra said . Indian External Affairs Minister Salman Khurshid told parliament that there were larger issues at stake . "  It is no longer about an individual . It is about our sense of self as a nation and our place in the world , " he said to usually bickering politicians who have displayed rare unity on this incident . Khobragade , India 's deputy consul general in New York , was arrested and strip-searched last week on charges of visa fraud related to her treatment of maid and nanny Sangeeta Richard . India claims U.S. marshals overstepped their bounds in their treatment of a diplomat . Indian officials retaliated quickly by removing security barriers outside the U.S. Embassy in Delhi and revoking diplomatic identification cards . People took to the streets to protest what they perceived as American bullying . U.S. authorities claim their job is to uphold the law and hold violators accountable , no matter who they might be . Indian diplomat : Does she have immunity ? This is not the first time an Indian official has had an encounter with American law . In recent years , former President A.P.J. Abdul Kalam was told to remove his shoes at airport security . Indian Ambassador Meera Shanker got a pat-down , and India 's permanent representative to the United Nations , Hardeep Puri , was detained after he refused to take off his turban , also at an airport . Not much was made of those incidents . But this time , the consensus is that a lot of people may be spewing hyper anti-Americanism for pure political gain . Such sentiment has existed in India since the days following independence in 1947 and the country 's formation of a strong alliance with the Soviet Union . "  There 's a Cold War legacy when India was at odds with the United States over a range of issues , " said political scientist Sumit Ganguly . The Cold War residue surfaces from time to time . And this seems to be one of those times -- when that particular message is playing well . A patriotic stance abroad is helping drum up support for politicians at home before critical parliamentary elections in May , said Ganguly , affiliated with the School of Global and International Studies at the University of Indiana . "  All of these people are trying to demonstrate how tough they can be , how nationalistic they can be , how concerned they are about this woman , " he said . "  They are engaged in high drama . If Narendra Modi says it 's terrible , then Rahul Gandhi has to say it 's despicable . " Gandhi , a leader of the ruling Congress Party , is a potential prime ministerial candidate . At the heart of this case is diplomat Khobragade 's treatment of Richard , her maid and nanny . It 's an issue that has been trumped -- perhaps intentionally -- by the politics swirling about this case , Ganguly said . Court documents show that Khobragade lied in a visa application , promising to pay her domestic helper minimum wage of $ 9.75 an hour even though the actual salary was much less -- $ 3.31 an hour . Khobragade allegedly instructed the housekeeper to say she would be paid the higher rate and not mention her actual pay . Opinion : What about the nanny ? Domestic workers are often underpaid and abused in India , and human rights advocates have been frustrated that the focus of the Khobragade scandal has been on politics rather than the alleged crime . "  Something we do n't want to talk about or think about is how we treat domestic workers . For God 's sake , we treat them like chattel , " Ganguly said . "  This is a national shame we have not confronted . " In the meantime , global observers worry about the widened rift between India and the United States . Nicholas Burns , former U.S. undersecretary for political affairs , considers India one of American 's most important allies . "  Hopefully this can be diffused so we can go back to working on the very important issues on our agenda , " he said . Ganguly said Indians need to check what he views as their overreaction . "  It 's very poorly thought out . This is the most foolish and petulant behavior , " he said . Ganguly said he feared the Khobragde incident has the potential to be quite damaging . "  I think U.S. patience will run out at some point , " he said . Debate : Arrest , strip-search of Indian diplomat ` barbaric ? '	Indian politicians have taken a nationalistic stance on the arrest of Devyani Khobragade Many observers feel the reaction is aimed at gaining political support ahead of critical elections The political grandstanding has shifted the focus of the incident away from alleged crime Some observers fear this could damage U.S.-India relations
CNN  -- A 3.4-magnitude earthquake rumbled through northern California early Sunday , the U.S. Geological Survey said . The quake hit 5 miles southwest of Napa , the center of California 's famed wine country . There are no reports of damage so far , the Napa County Sheriff 's Office said . It comes a week after a 6.0-magnitude quake -- the strongest in northern California in a quarter of a century -- struck the same area on August 24 . Last week 's quake injured dozens , damaged historic buildings in downtown Napa and turned fireplaces into rubble . It also caused at least $ 1 billion in property damage in Napa and other communities . The two earthquakes were a little over a mile from each other .	There are reports of damage so far , the Napa County Sheriff 's Office says The quake hit 5 miles southwest of Napa It comes a week after a 6.0-magnitude quake struck the same area
CNN  -- Police spotted a man in the gardens of Buckingham Palace and stopped him , concerned he might be an intruder . The man in question : Prince Andrew , Duke of York . He was out for a stroll through the manicured gardens in the early evening . Andrew , the son of Queen Elizabeth II , was born in the palace in 1960 , has offices there , and spends much of his time there . Oops . Two uniformed officers spotted him at 6 p.m. Wednesday , and approached him "  to verify his identity , " the Metropolitan Police Service said in a statement . "  The man was satisfactorily identified . " "  The police have a difficult job to do balancing security for the royal family and deterring intruders and sometimes they get it wrong , " Prince Andrew -- brother of Prince Charles and former husband of Sarah "  Fergie " Ferguson -- said in a statement . "  I am grateful for their apology and look forward to a safe walk in the gardens in the future . " The British press reacted with predictable excitement . A few accounts , apparently incorrectly , reported that the officers had their guns drawn . One outlet wrote that the prince was "  held at gunpoint . " According to the authorities , no force was used , and no weapons were drawn . Guards were already on higher alert when the incident took place . Two days earlier , it was the real deal : a security breach at Buckingham Palace . A man scaled a security fence and entered the building before being detained . Authorities arrested him for burglary , trespass and criminal damage . Another man was arrested later for alleged conspiracy to commit burglary . The incident drew headlines around the world . It was the latest in a series of security lapses over the years , a few quite colorful . In 2004 "  Batman " scaled a fence and stood on a ledge to make a point about paternal rights . A year earlier , another royal residence , Windsor Castle , had an uninvited guest : someone dressed as Osama bin Laden showed up at Prince William 's birthday party . It turned out both incidents had more to do with publicity for the perpetrators than safety of the royal residents . "  Batman " was merely a dad with a cause ; "  bin Laden , " a comedian . But Monday 's alleged burglar seemed different , a more serious matter . Comparisons were drawn to the time in 1982 that a man made it all the way to the bedside of Queen Elizabeth . The queen talked to that intruder until help arrived . As for Prince Andrew , the garden incident was n't his first brush with security gone wrong . In 2003 a bodyguard accidentally fired a shot while unloading his weapon at the prince 's mansion .	Prince Andrew was mistaken for an intruder on Buckingham Palace grounds The incident came days after a man made it into the palace and was arrested for burglary Prince says he looks forward to "  a safe walk in the gardens in the future "
CNN  -- In the beginning , Lara Croft was a wimp . Now , before you jump down to the comments and start flaming , this was the plan by Crystal Dynamics when the game developer started working on the latest addition to the venerable "  Tomb Raider " franchise . Their goal was to take you back in time , before the cool gadgets and the clever phrases and the butt-kicking and the Angelina Jolie movies , to show how Lara became the action/adventure heroine everyone knows . In this reboot , also called "  Tomb Raider " like the original 1996 game , Lara and her crew are investigating reports of strange events on an island near Japan . Their boat is caught up in a storm and is torn apart , stranding the castaways on the island to fend for their survival . Lara is separated from the rest of her party , and the adventure begins . This Lara is young , timid and unsure of herself when the game begins . Only by necessity , through fighting for her survival , does she gain confidence and become the can-do woman familiar to legions of gamers . "  Tomb Raider 's " developers knew that they faced challenges in portraying such an iconic figure so differently from what people are used to seeing . Even Croft 's famously pneumatic body has been toned down to something more realistic . Lead writer Rhianna Pratchett said her team wanted to explore Lara Croft 's character beyond her physical accomplishments . "  We were taking a little bit of a risk showing her when she was n't a full-blown tomb raider , " Pratchett said . "  Everyone associates Lara Croft in ` Tomb Raider ' as being exceptionally capable , all the guns , the gadgets , the witty one-liners . That 's where our Lara is on the way to being , but we wound up so that those traits are still there , but they 're buried below the surface . " Creative director Noah Hughes said the goal was not to recreate the Lara Croft character but to show her at her genesis -- to tell the story of where Lara had come from . "  She was still going to be a lot of the things she always was . She 's brilliant ; she 's resourceful ; she 's athletic ; she has an incredible force of will ; she 's an archeologist , " Hughes said . "  All of these things were going to be true , but we were going to roll it back to a point where she did n't have the confidence or competence or even the same belief system that she would eventually develop . " This more vulnerable Lara still does things that most "  normal " people would n't do , like pull a piece of pipe from her wounded torso . But she is also portrayed as someone who needs reassurance and talks to herself in order to build up her own self-esteem . "  It was important that we showed this more realistic , more human side of Lara , " Pratchett said . "  She is vulnerable , because she 's human and she 's in very traumatic and chaotic circumstances in which she has to get her head around and deal with it . " Pratchett points to the first time Lara has to kill someone . "  It has quite a big impact on her . Something she has a big reaction to , " she said . "  It 's very up close , and it 's very personal , and it 's uncomfortable . It should be uncomfortable . It 's death . " In fact , Lara throws away her gun and nearly throws up because she 's taken a life -- although she later goes back to get the weapon . Later , when talking about it with another character in the game , players get the sense of the journey they are about to experience . "  She says it is scary how easy it was " to kill someone , Pratchett said . "  That 's an important moment for her character , because it addresses how killing does become at that point easier . And she 's uncomfortable about that , too . It speaks to something within her that 's darker . " There are other moments of emotional conflict and self-doubt as the game progresses , marking the internal struggles Lara is going through . "  She knows if she thinks too hard about what she 's doing , what she 's becoming , then it is going to incapacitate her , " Pratchett said . "  But you can use combat design to underline what the characters are going through . " Crystal Dynamics ' goal was n't to make Lara less of a strong character but to show how those iconic traits about Lara were forged . "  Lara is still a bold and strong female character , and just because you show someone in circumstances where they seem more vulnerable , it does n't make them less of a strong character , " Pratchett said . "  It 's important that she 's brave , but bravery has to come from somewhere . You ca n't have bravery without fear ; otherwise , it is somewhat meaningless . "  What we wanted to do was show where traits like her bravery , her compassion , her resourcefulness really came from . "	New "  Tomb Raider " video game explores the origins of the Lara Croft character This Lara is young and unsure of herself when the game begins Developer : "  It was important that we showed this more realistic , more human side of Lara "
Jerusalem  CNN  -- In a move likely to further strain relations between the United States and Israel , the municipality of Jerusalem has given final approval for a controversial Israeli housing project in the heart of a Palestinian neighborhood in East Jerusalem . Approval of the project paves the way for construction of 20 apartments being developed by American millionaire Irving Moskowitz on land that he purchased in the Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood . Moskowitz , an avid supporter of Jewish building in East Jerusalem , purchased the land in 1985 . To make way for the new housing units the historic Shepherd Hotel which was built in the 1930s by a prominent Palestinian family would be torn down . The Sheikh Jarrah neighborhood in East Jerusalem has become an area highly coveted by Jewish nationalists wishing to cement Jewish claims to the land , and it has become a fault line in the public debate about Israeli building in Arab areas of East Jerusalem . Every week hundreds of Palestinians , Israelis , and international activists stage protests in the neighborhood to protest Israeli government building policies . East Jerusalem was captured from Jordan in the 1967 war between Israel and its Arab neighbors . Israel claims sovereignty over all of Jerusalem , though this it is a claim not recognized by the international community . Palestinians want East Jerusalem as the capitol of their future state . In a terse statement Wednesday , the Jerusalem Municipality argued the East Jerusalem construction was actually approved in July 2009 and that the owners of the land merely paid a necessary fee last week which generated an automatic approval for the project to proceed . "  This is distorted media information in order to create a provocation during the Prime Minister 's visit to the United States " read the statement . The building plan , which was given municipal approval last summer , was met with great disapproval from the United States which demanded that it be stopped . It was a demand , then as now , that fell on deaf ears . At the time Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told his cabinet , "  Our sovereignty over -LSB- Jerusalem -RSB- can not be challenged . This means that residents of Jerusalem may purchase apartments in all parts of the city . We can not accept the idea that Jews will not have the right to live and purchase in all parts of Jerusalem . " Netanyahu echoed the same arguments in defense of the Israeli announcement two weeks ago to build 1,600 units of housing in a different East Jerusalem neighborhood . That announcement , made while U.S. Vice President Joseph Biden was visiting Israel , set off a diplomatic rift between the United States and Israel that both sides are still attempting to iron out . U.S. President Barack Obama and Netanyahu met Wednesday evening in Washington to discuss Israel 's plans for new housing units in East Jerusalem . The leaders did not appear before cameras , and there was no sign of an end to the dispute . Nabil Abu Rudeineh , a spokesman for the Palestinian Authority , called the approval "  an intentional insult to the U.S. administration " and works against "  any serious indirect or direct negotiations " between Israel and the Palestinians . Rudeineh said the Obama administration "  should put enough pressure on Israel to implement what has been written and issued by the Quartet in Moscow several days ago . " On Friday , the Middle East Quartet , the United States , European Union , the United Nations , and Russia , called on both sides "  to refrain from proactive actions " and for Israel to freeze all settlement activity in an effort to promote peace talks .	Controversial Israeli housing project approved in Palestinian neighborhood in East Jerusalem Move likely to further strain relations between United States and Israel Obama and Netanyahu met Wednesday in Washington to discuss Israel 's housing plans U.S.-Israeli relations hit rough patch after row over future building in East Jerusalem
CNN  -- Can anyone out there tell me how many times during this presidential election cycle the term "  double-down " has been used ? My old-school hash mark technique is thoroughly inadequate to keep up with the count . It seems that not a day goes by without my hearing or reading , sometimes multiple times , the term "  double-down . " One side or the other side makes a crazy statement and we wait for an "  apology , " for someone to say I did not have all the information or I made a mistake or I should never have said that . Do we get it ? We get doubling-down . We get Mitt Romney and Republican surrogates holding firm and "  doubling-down " on factually flawed statements about the tragedy in Libya . We get them "  doubling down " on bizarre comments about 47 % of Americans feeling entitled . No apologies . Just doubling down . When I first noticed this term , I thought OK , they are standing firm -- with emphasis . It did not seem a bad term , especially when used as a matter of one 's convictions , a confident playing of the hand one has been dealt . After all , being flaky or bending with every wind is not a good thing . But we are talking about leadership here ! The leadership of a country , of a free people , of a complex , critical and changing world . How does "  double-down " fit in these contexts ? Opinion : The true difference between Obama , Romney Firm , principled and resolute leaders are fine . But we also like our leaders to be human -- flaws and all -- self-aware in their imperfections . They are more trustworthy that way . Jonathan Lloyd wrote an article late last year for the NBC Los Angeles website entitled "  Famous Apologies or Nonapologies . " The top 10 in recent times , according to Lloyd , include Bill Clinton , 1998 ; Jimmy Swaggart , 1998 ; Olympian Marion Jones , 2007 ; Sen. Larry Craig , 2007 ; Gov. Eliot Spitzer , 2008 ; and Tiger Woods , 2010 , among others . If you are breathing , you should have listened to or heard of one or more of these apologies and know how you reacted to them . While you may not agree with the list , you must agree they were pretty famous "  please forgive me 's . " Some were from leaders ; some worked and some did not . But they all were an attempt to close the circle on a transgression and regain trust , something we expect of a well-raised child . And a responsible adult . Which brings me to what my Mama and Daddy taught me : "  When you mess up fess up . " Tell the truth and tell them before they find out . They taught me that punishment would not go away , but would be far less severe if I told the truth about what happened and how or why I veered off the charted course . My parents believed in corporal punishment , so I got the message with great clarity . From where does this new notion of doubling-down come ? Anyone who doubles-down on what everyone knows  or will soon find out to be  ill-informed , offensive or untenable positions , is either a fool or believes everyone else is . Further , what kind of leader molds himself or herself in perfection and cements his or her thinking into antiquity ? A few years ago Linda Stamato wrote an article for the Ivey Business Journal entitled : "  Should Business Leaders Apologize ? Why , When , and How an Apology Matters . " One quote from the piece is most appropriate during this election season : "  Questions of timing are critical . The longer it takes a business leader or a section manager , for example , to acknowledge his or her mistake , the more likely the undecided folks will turn against him or her . Business leaders need to understand that if , in the end , it is going to be disclosed that they have erred , it 's better to own up as quickly as possible in order to have a hand in making repairs . "  To acknowledge a mistake is to assert secure leadership ; to take responsibility and prescribe a corrective course of action is wise management . Taking responsibility for an error earns the privilege of being forgiven , and thus granted a second chance . " Opinion : How Romney really feels about Republicans Here are some other takes on the issue that our politicians might do well to read . Erika Andersen 's article for Forbes Magazine entitiled "  Courageous Leaders Do n't Make Excuses ... They Apologize . " And for the one-minute manager fans , Tom Peters has a segment on YouTube called "  Leadership : The Power of the Apology , " in which he encourages us to become students of apology . He says , "  Learning how to apologize effectively is the real essence of strategic strength . " Let 's reposition the notion of apology and give it the significance in our political discourse it rightly deserves . Apology must not become a dirty word . The ability to apologize is a sign of leadership strength , not weakness . It communicates humility and acknowledges the value of others . It is a skill to be studied , an art to be mastered . It heals and strengthens individuals , communities and nations . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Marsha Sampson Johnson .	Marsha Johnson : This election season , it seems like politicians are continually "  doubling-down " She says this term is meant to seem strong , but just avoids fessing up She says we like strong leaders , but want them to be self-aware ; it 's not weak to admit flaws Johnson : The longer a leader takes to admit flaw , the more some will turn against them
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- A second wave of floodwater is expected to wash through southern Pakistan this weekend , adding hundreds of thousands of people to the number already stranded by a first wave earlier this month , Pakistani officials said . At least 1,384 people have died and another 1,630 have been injured by flooding that has damaged or destroyed 8,300 Pakistani villages so far , according to National Disaster Management Authority spokesman Ahmed Kamal . The United Nations said it was racing against time to reach the suffering . "  Relief supplies must reach women , men and children as soon as possible , in order to avoid further death caused by waterborne diseases and food shortages , " said Martin Mogwanja , the United Nations ' humanitarian coordinator for Pakistan . "  The death toll has so far been relatively low compared to other major natural disasters , and we want to keep it that way , " he said . Two of 19 military helicopters pledged by the United States arrived in Islamabad , Pakistan , on Thursday to help in the humanitarian relief efforts , a U.S. Embassy spokesman said . These aircraft replace six U.S. Army helicopters that will return to duty in Afghanistan , the embassy spokesman said . The Army helicopters rescued more than 3,000 people and delivered relief supplies since arriving in Pakistan on August 5 , the spokesman said . Farther north , more than 100 U.S. troops are on the ground in the volatile Swat valley , helping the Pakistani government deliver supplies and rescue people from flood-ravaged areas . None have yet encountered Taliban fighters . "  Obviously there 's a militant threat in this region , but the Pakistani military has done an incredibly committed job -- providing us multiple layers of security around our units , " said U.S. Army Brig. Gen. Michael Nagata in a conference call from Pakistan . "  All our activities and helicopters are completely safe . " The bigger problem , said Nagata , is the weather . In the last two weeks , air crews have only been able to fly five days because of the relentless monsoon rains . The initial wave of the flooding came after torrential rains two weeks ago filled rivers in northern Pakistan that swept southward . Weather experts said a year 's worth of rain fell in a day at the peak of the relentless downpours . A second wave of floodwater from rain that fell in northern and central Pakistan the next week is now reaching the Sindh province in southern Pakistan , according to CNN meteorologist Brandon Miller . An apparent bottleneck of water from the first flood wave at the Sukkar dam could be overtaken by the second wave , Miller said . "  This could lead to a situation where the two flood waves could build upon each other and lead to even more catastrophic flooding , " Miller said . Pakistan emergency officials predicted the second wave could reach Sukkar on Saturday evening . Hundreds of thousands of people living along the Indus River in northern Sindh could be stranded along with the tens of thousands stranded by the first wave , said Pakistani Navy Lt. Commander Jawad Khawaja . Many residents have ignored government warnings to evacuate the area , causing a big concern , Khawaja said . More than 14 million Pakistanis are affected , with 400,000 rescued from floodwaters , the government said . It estimated that 723,950 homes have been damaged or destroyed . In the mountainous north , water funneled down treacherous slopes , quickly engulfing the roads below . It surged down the Indus River , spreading economic , political and social woes through the heart of Pakistan . The smell of bodies filled the air in many places , where mere seconds of unstoppable water ended lives . Many witnesses , even those who thought they had seen everything in this land marred by crisis and killing , said they were stunned by the suffering wrought by the monsoons . U.S. President Barack Obama , in a statement marking the 63rd anniversary of Pakistan 's independence on Friday , said , "  We will remain committed to helping Pakistan and will work side by side with you and the international community toward a recovery that brings back the dynamic vitality of your nation . " CNN 's Chris Lawrence and Samson Desta contributed to this report .	Officials fear hundreds of thousands more could be stranded Many residents are ignoring warnings to evacuate area More flooding is expected this weekend , Pakistani official says Promised U.S. military helicopters start to arrive
CNN  -- You 'd love to go . Just think of the history , the beautiful artwork ... the things you could learn . But upon hearing the word "  museum , " your kids break into a chorus of "  I 'd rather die . " Your children can pet some of the world 's insect species at the Insectarium in New Orleans , Louisiana . So you wheel , deal and promise ice cream in massive amounts . In return , they agree to whine only when it 's absolutely necessary -- or every five seconds , whichever comes first . Perhaps you can avoid a situation like this on your vacation . Pauline Frommer , creator of the Pauline Frommer Guidebooks , has two kids , ages 6 and 10 . As a travel author , she knows what makes a museum educational and interesting for adults . As a mom , she knows what will keep children from being bored to tears . "  I think it 's impossible to pick the very best five , " Frommer said . "  But here are five really terrific museums , with very different subject matters , that both kids and adults will groove on . " The Spy Museum , Washington Frommer describes this museum as "  an intriguing , surprisingly scholarly , fun and highly interactive introduction to the shadowy world of spies . " When you enter the Spy Museum , you will be asked to pick an alternate identity . Throughout the building , you and your kids will be tested on keeping this cover . In addition to seeing all kinds of cool spy gadgets -- umbrellas with poison tips ! -- you 'll learn about famous spies throughout history , how the government uses these undercover agents and the common ways spies practice their trade . "  I had trouble dragging my kids out of this one , " Frommer said . "  And I 've been through it twice and enjoyed it both times . " Adults $ 18 ; children ages 5-11 $ 15 ; children under 5 free The Grammy Museum , Los Angeles , California Only 3 months old , the Grammy Museum goes well beyond the famous music awards . "  In truth , it 's a museum that celebrates the history of recorded music and does so in a cutting-edge , highly interactive manner , " Frommer said . Every genre from rock to hip-hop to country music is explored here . Top recording artists serve as your guide as they discuss , for example , what makes jazz such an important American phenomenon , what the song-writing process is like or how one genre of music has deeply affected another . Sound like child dull-ville ? "  Kids will love the booths that allow them to mix and produce music , " Frommer said . The museum also has a dynamic touch-screen map that allows visitors to explore the nation 's musical heritage and several video displays that will distract any kid 's short attention span . Adults $ 14.95 ; children 6-17 $ 10.95 ; children under 5 free The Metropolitan Museum of Art , New York You might not think world-renowned art exhibits would be a good fit with your kids ; priceless objects do n't often mesh with PB&J - smeared fingers . But Frommer says you will be doing your children a great disservice if you visit New York and do n't bring them to the Metropolitan Museum of Art . "  Do n't worry , what with all the armor , the mummies and Egyptian temples , the always fun costume collection and the over-the-top grandeur of the place , there 's no way they could be bored , " she said . The museum also offers a number of family programs , associate museum educator Mike Norris said . The museum 's kids Web site has activities to keep kids entertained while visiting , including guides that focus on specific areas of art like a scavenger hunt , from animals to doors to stained glass . Norris ' top recommendation is not to view the museum as a whole , but as 16 to 18 mini museums . "  It 's best not to conquer us in one visit , " he said . "  Remember , -LSB- kids ' -RSB- legs go at twice the RPMs that yours do . " Other offerings from the museum include family audio guides that are best for ages 6 to 12 , Norris said , and a "  Make your Mark ! " sketching book that is aimed at younger children . Suggested admission for adults $ 20 ; children under 12 free The Insectarium , New Orleans , Louisiana The Insectarium , part of the Audubon Nature Institute , pays tribute to everything creepy and crawly . Many up-close insect encounters will take place here , from watching winged beauties in the butterfly garden to the bugs you  or just your children !  can pet . The Insectarium 's Web site boasts of trips through the Louisiana swamp , an animated insect film and a special exhibit where you 'll be shrunk to insect size . "  I thought I 'd be grossed out but came away fascinated , " Frommer said . "  And all the kids around me were enthralled . " Ca n't make it there in person ? Visit the Web site to download butterfly origami and coloring pages or let your kids read Harry the Praying Mantis ' blog . Adults $ 15 ; children 2 to 12 $ 10 Field Museum of Natural History , Chicago , Illinois "  What kid does n't love dinosaurs ? " Frommer asked . The Field Museum of Natural History sports one of the largest , most complete Tyrannosaurus rex fossils around . The museum also has a new exhibit called "  Real Pirates , " running through October 25 , that will let your children experience the pirate life . They can hoist the skull-and-crossbones , tie pirate knots , learn how to fire a cannon and more , the museum 's Web site says . Permanent exhibits include displays about Africa , animal biology , bird habitats , ancient Egypt , Eskimos and Native Americans . And for a more focused trip , the museum 's Web site provides downloadable "  Family Adventure " self-guided tours that cover anything from scavenger hunts through the museum to biodiversity and conservation . Adults $ 15 * ; children 3 to 11 $ 10 * * More for entry into special exhibits like "  Real Pirates "	Travel author Pauline Frommer recommends five museums for adults and kids Frommer : Sure , take your kids to the Metropolitan Museum of Art The Insectarium pays tribute to everything creepy and crawly Field Museum of Natural History has giant Tyrannosaurus rex fossil
Editor 's note : Clarence B. Jones , author of "  What Would Martin Say ? " is Scholar in Residence at the Stanford University Martin Luther King Jr. . Research & Education Institute . He was a lawyer and speechwriter for Dr. King . Clarence Jones says America is indebted to Martin Luther King Jr. for breaking its addiction to segregation . Next week , the day after our national holiday commemorating the 80th birthday of Dr. King , Barack Obama will be sworn in as the 44th president of the United States , the first African-American elected as president . Obama 's election would not have been possible without the transformative effect of Dr. King 's struggle , leadership and legacy in dismantling segregation and institutional racism in the United States . America owes a great debt to Dr. King . Prior to him , our nation was like a dysfunctional drug addict or alcoholic , hooked and addicted to segregation and institutional racism . His "  tough love " of nonviolent direct action civil disobedience forced America to confront its conscience and the immorality of racial injustice . Dr. King enabled our country to embark on an extraordinary journey of recovery to reclaim its soul . He enabled us to reactivate those precepts enshrined in our Declaration of Independence : "  all men are created equal , that they are endowed by their Creator with certain unalienable rights . " In twelve years and four months , from 1956 to April 4 , 1968 -- except for President Lincoln and the Emancipation Proclamation -- Martin Luther King Jr. may have done more to achieve racial , social and political justice and equality in America than any other person in our country 's history . Dr. King had confidence in the democratic future of America . He believed that we , as a people , would be able to "  transform the jangling discords of our nation into a beautiful symphony of brotherhood . " I met Martin Luther King , Jr. for the first time 49 years ago when he visited my home in California to enlist my assistance in the defense of a criminal tax indictment against him by the state of Alabama . Only six months earlier , I had graduated from Boston University Law School . I worked for him as a law clerk , political organizer , personal lawyer and , at his request , I drafted speeches for Dr. King until his death on April 4 , 1968 . He was an ordained Christian minister before he was a civil rights leader . His religious faith and abiding belief in God were the fuel that ignited the engine of his moral leadership . President-elect Obama 's religion and belief in God appear central to his political leadership . During the 40 years following Dr , King 's assassination in Memphis , Tennessee , the most recurring question asked of me has been : "  Who today , what black leader , if anyone , is most like Dr. King ? " I would consistently answer that Dr. King was sui generis , one of a kind And , then ask rhetorically : "  Who today is most like Michelangelo , Mozart , Galileo , Copernicus , Aristotle , Beethoven or Shakespeare ? " Since Obama 's election , I have been asked : • Is Barack Obama another Martin Luther King Jr ? • What would Dr. King say about the election of Obama ? • Does the election of Obama , as the first African-American president of the United States , mean that Dr. King 's dream has been fulfilled ? • Does Obama 's election indicate that racism for all practical purposes no longer exists in America ? • Will Obama 's election have any impact on the number of African-American men incarcerated or the high percentage of out-of-wedlock births within the African-American community ? There are no easy answers to these questions , but it is clear that those of us in the civil rights movement of the 1960s never anticipated the event we will witness Tuesday . After the assassination of President John F. Kennedy , and the assumption of the presidency by former Vice President Lyndon B. Johnson , some of us who worked closely with Dr. King , concluded no fundamental change in race relations in America could be accomplished successfully and sustained unless it was done under the political leadership of a white man from the south , people like Presidents Lyndon Johnson , Jimmy Carter , Bill Clinton and George W. Bush . Our belief was predicated on the political assumption that America would be more willing to follow a white southern political leader on the issues of race relations and equal economic opportunity than a politician from another part of our country . We never contemplated the realistic possibility of a black president of the United States in our lifetimes . The 1965 Voting Rights Act sparked the prairie fires of subsequent black voter registration and voting which dramatically altered the political landscape of America . It was this legislative foundation that fostered and facilitated the political possibility of a successful Obama candidacy for president . "  We Shall Overcome " was our national anthem of the Civil Rights Movement under Dr. King 's leadership . President-elect Obama , like a masterful musical composer with perfect pitch , successfully updated , translated and rearranged "  We Shall Overcome " to a "  Yes , We Can " surround-sound mantra for the cell phone , YouTube , Facebook , MySpace and Internet-blackberry generation . This may be the most enduring 21st Century tribute to the legacy of Martin Luther King Jr. . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Clarence Jones .	Clarence Jones : Martin Luther King cured U.S. of addiction to racial segregation He says King 's work helped make Barack Obama 's victory possible Jones : Leaders assumed only white Southern presidents could make progress He says they never anticipated election of an African-American president
CNN  -- Country music star Wynonna Judd 's new husband lost his left leg in a motorcycle crash in South Dakota Saturday , a statement from her publicist said Monday . The accident happened as Judd , 48 , and Michael Scott "  Cactus " Moser went for a ride together on separate bikes before her scheduled concert in Deadwood , South Dakota , the publicist said . "  Moser 's left leg was severed at the scene of the accident and doctors in Rapid City , South Dakota , amputated the leg above the knee , " the statement said . "  He has also undergone surgery to his hand . " Judd and Moser , who is the drummer in her band , married on her Tennessee farm on June 10 . Moser is well known for his work in the band Highway 101 , which had several hits on the country charts in the 1980s . "  Moser collided with an oncoming vehicle and was transported to a local hospital , " the statement said . "  He is being treated for serious but non-life-threatening injuries . Wynonna was not involved in the accident . " Judd has postponed next week 's concerts in Canada to stay by the side of her husband . "  The outpouring of prayer and support from friends , family and fans has been a blessing to both Cactus and I , " Judd said . "  Cactus is a champion . I love him deeply and I will not leave his side . " How Wynonna Judd survived the ultimate betrayal Previously on CNN.com : Wynonna and Cactus get engaged CNN 's Denise Quan and Ric Ward contributed to this report .	Judd and husband "  Cactus " Moser were riding together on separate bikes when he crashed Moser 's "  left leg was severed at the scene of the accident , " Judd 's publicist says Moser is the drummer in her band The couple married on her Tennessee farm on June 10
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A ship laden with toxic substances is due to arrive in northeast England for recycling Sunday , ending an odyssey that has seen it turned away from at least three other countries . The scrapping of the aircraft carrier has been hugely controversial and a major headache for France . The French Navy spent years looking for a site that would decommission the former aircraft carrier Clemenceau , now known simply as the Q790 . The ship contains asbestos , which can cause cancer . Greenpeace activists boarded the ship off the coast of Egypt in 2006 to prevent it being sent to India to be scrapped . The environmental campaign group said at the time it contained "  high levels of asbestos and other hazardous materials . " Two activists climbed the ship 's masts and hung banners reading "  Absestos carrier : stay out of India . " The group declared "  victory " a month later when then-President Jacques Chirac of France recalled the ship after the country 's Council of State ruled its export could violate European law , Greenpeace said . The ship had earlier been rejected by Turkey and Greece , after the original plan to turn it into an artificial reef was scrapped for environmental reasons , the group said . The British ship recycling company that will scrap it had to apply for special permission from the country 's Environment Agency and Health and Safety Executive . But the company , Able Ship Recycling , hailed its arrival in the English city of Hartlepool as a milestone . "  The dismantling of the vessel will be the largest ship recycling project ever undertaken in Europe , " the company said in a statement . The work will take place at the company 's Teesside Environmental Reclamation and Recycling Centre , where it will produce about 200 jobs in the economically depressed region . Able chairman and chief executive Peter Stephenson said the contract was "  crucially important ... at a time when there are so many economic problems facing the world -- and especially a region such as the north-east of England . " "  Recycling the Q790 will be the largest project so far handled by any European yard but , with the biggest dry dock in the world , we have the capacity to undertake the recycling of the vessel , " he added . Launched in 1957 , the Clemenceau was the mainstay of the French naval fleet and sailed over a million nautical miles before being withdrawn from active service after almost four decades at sea , the company said . It will join the other three UK and four U.S. vessels also being recycled at the center , Able said . Greenpeace is not opposing the transfer of the ship to England , but press reports suggest local activists are displeased .	French ship laden with toxic substances is to arrive in UK for recycling Aircraft carrier had been turned away from at least three other countries Despite earlier protests , Greenpeace not opposing transfer of ship to England
London  CNN  -- Since the financial crisis hit in 2007 the gap between rich and the poor has grown , unemployment has soared to record levels and Europe 's young risk becoming a lost generation . Ahead of the OECD Forum in Paris next week , CNN is hosting a tweet chat Monday May 27 between 12pm and 12:30 pm BST to debate how the crisis has split the world and hear your views on who is at fault and how it can be fixed . Using the hashtag #inequalityCNN , tell us how the crisis has impacted your life , and what generation X and Y -- those hardest hit by unemployment -- can do to change the global story . Join the conversation with CNN 's special guests European Youth Forum president Peter Matjasic and secretary general Giuseppe Porcaro , entrepreneur Karl Petter Rygh and Intern Aware in UK 's Ben Lyons . They are attending the OECD Forum as youth representatives . CNN will pull the best comments into a story to run ahead of the OECD Forum , on May 28 and 29 , which will be discussing how the world can pull itself out of the financial mire and revealing its global economic outlook . The forum follows the release of OECD figures this month showing income inequality increased as much in the first three years of the crisis as it had in the previous 12 years -- if mitigating factors such as taxes and welfare were not taken into account . The figures show that in countries where the financial crisis hit hard , such as Greece , Spain and Italy , poor households "  either lost more income from the recession or benefited less from recovery . " Greece and Spain are also the countries in which youth unemployment has reached the eurozone 's highest levels , sitting at 62.5 % and 55.9 % respectively . Italy youth unemployment sits at 38.4 % , according to Eurostat . Meanwhile the number of billionaires increased by 210 to 1,426 , according to the 2013 Forbes Billionaires List , with the aggregate net wealth increasing to $ 5.4 trillion from $ 4.6 trillion . Is this fair ? Tell us what you think , Monday May 27 at 12pm to 12:30 pm BST . Key Twitter handles for the chat are : @curlyP @porcarorama @BenLyons1 @karlrygh And from CNN , join Irene Chapple and Lauren Moorhouse : @IreneCNN @LaurenMoorhouse Follow the CNNi Twitter list , here .	Since the financial crisis hit in 2007 the gap between the rich and the poor has grown CNN is hosting a tweet chat from 12-12 :30 pm BST Monday May 27 , to debate inequality CNN is being joined by OECD youth reps to discuss who 's at fault , how it can be fixed Join the tweet chat using the hashtag #inequalityCNN and tell us your views on inequality
CNN  -- What is it about Americans and guns ? How much time do you have ? "  I can tell you that I do n't think there 's any other developed country in the world that has remotely the problem we have , " New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said after the shooting rampage in Colorado . There are an estimated 270 million guns in the hands of civilians in the United States , making Americans the most heavily armed people in the world per capita . Yemen , a tribal nation with no history of strong central government or the rule of law , comes in a distant second . From Washington to the well-stocked shelves of Walmart stores nationwide , guns are regarded in the United States as a commonplace if controversial consumer item for millions of law-abiding hunters , collectors and citizens concerned about their safety . They are also in the hands of thousands of killers too ; a Washington-based anti-gun lobby says those guns shoot more than 100,000 people a year . In 2010 , there were more than 30,000 deaths caused by firearms when the number of homicides , suicides and accidental deaths are tallied . America 's collective memory -- of the Wild West in the 1800s , the assassinations of John F. Kennedy and Martin Luther King half a century ago and the front-page news from last week -- is marked time and time again by guns . "  It 's undeniable , " writes Clayton Cramer , author of "  Armed America : the Remarkable Story of How and Why Guns Became as American as Apple Pie . " "  Guns are at the center of much of America 's history , its legends , and its horrors . " There were guns in America long before the America we know today was even born . Early settlers in several states were required by law to own and maintain weapons as a matter of collective defense . By the time the United States was established , its citizens had taken up arms not only against their Native American neighbors but the army of their own king . Their new constitution reflected that in its Bill of Rights , declaring that "  A well regulated militia being necessary to the security of a free state , the right of the people to keep and bear arms shall not be infringed . " For more than two centuries , that remained an important but largely overlooked guarantee , subjected to a modest series of controls . But in 2008 and 2010 , landmark Supreme Court rulings gave that constitutional right sweeping new power , dramatically diminishing the authority of state and local governments to limit gun ownership . Gun-friendly lawmakers have been active , too . Roughly half of the 50 U.S. states have adopted laws allowing gun owners to carry their guns openly in most public places . About as many states have "  stand your ground " laws that allow people to kill if they come under threat , even , in some cases , if they can escape the threat without violence . The laws are being driven by politics , and the politics are being driven by groups such as the National Rifle Association . Once a relatively modest organization of gun enthusiasts and hunters , it has become one of the most powerful political groups in the country . The Washington Post estimates that the NRA succeeded in helping elect four out of every five candidates it endorsed in the most recent congressional election . In addition to that extraordinary impact in Congress , it has been working to overturn gun-control laws in the courts . The NRA and other gun-rights groups have allied themselves with the Republican Party and , especially , a sector of the American public suspicious of government intrusions into private life and often flatly hostile to Washington . Read Dana Bash : For Democrats , gun politics are bad politics "  When they tell you that a government ban on certain firearms will somehow make you safer , do n't you believe it , not for a second , because it 's a lie just like the lies they 've told you before , " NRA CEO Wayne LaPierre told a recent gathering of his members . "  Their laws do n't work . " Poll results suggest most Americans would n't agree . CNN and Gallup surveys going back years suggest that Americans are split between those who approve of current gun-control laws and respondents who would like to see them made more restrictive . Americans who 'd like no controls at all are a small minority . But even after the rampage in Colorado , American attitudes and laws are n't likely to change much . Last year 's nearly fatal shooting of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords did n't move her state or federal colleagues to adopt any new gun control measures . Both President Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney issued statements in the hours after the Colorado shootings , and Sunday , Obama flew to the state to visit with shooting victims and their families . But neither proposed any changes to American attitudes toward guns . "  You know , soothing words are nice , but maybe it 's time that the two people who want to be president of the United States stand up and tell us what they are going to do about it , because this is obviously a problem across the country , " said New York 's Bloomberg , who is both a declared "  independent " politically and a vocal proponent of gun control . America is not unique . Norwegians are marking the first anniversary of a shooting massacre that took the lives of 69 people at a summer camp outside of Oslo . Eight more people were that day killed by a bomb in the Norwegian capital itself . The confessed killer is awaiting the verdict of his trial . But America seems to be the place the whole world thinks of when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque acts of violence . America stands alone in its historic and cultural attachment to guns . America stands armed . Do you own a gun ? Tell us why . Opinion : Mass murder and powerful firearms Opinion : Gun control or carry permits wo n't stop mass murder Opinion : Fear drives opposition to gun control	After Colorado shootings , neither Obama nor Romney talked about gun laws Mann : Even after the rampage , American attitudes and laws are n't likely to change much Americans are most heavily armed people per capita , with Yemen a distant second Mann : World thinks of U.S. when apparently ordinary people use guns for grotesque violence
CNN Student News  -- September 22 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Afghanistan • Washington , D.C. • Orange Beach , Alabama Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz , and welcome to this Wednesday edition of CNN Student News . We ask you guys a lot for your opinions on our blog . Today , we 're gon na share some of what you 've had to say and ask for your thoughts on another story we 've covering . First Up : War in Afghanistan AZUZ : Well , first up today , we 're going to Afghanistan . U.S. and coalition troops have been fighting in that country for nine years . They 're battling the Taliban , the militant group that used to control Afghanistan and that refused to turn over Osama bin Laden after the 9/11 terror attacks on the United States . Right now , there are around 100,000 American forces in Afghanistan . And for them , living and operating in what can be a very violent setting , safety is no guarantee . A sad reminder of that fact yesterday , when a helicopter crash claimed the lives of nine U.S. troops . Officials are trying to figure out what happened . There were no reports of enemy fire when the helicopter went down . During this year , 2010 , the coalition has suffered more losses than any other year since the troops arrived in Afghanistan in 2001 . Medal of Honor AZUZ : We want to tell you about another military operation now . This one took place in 1968 , during the Vietnam War , in the southeast Asian country of Laos . A group of Americans was running a radar post on top of a mountain in Laos . The North Vietnamese attacked it , and nearly all of the Americans were killed or wounded , except for one : Air Force Chief Master Sergeant Richard Etchberger . He fought off the enemy , loaded the wounded men onto a rescue helicopter , and then climbed in . That is when a single bullet hit him , and Sergeant Etchberger died in the helicopter . He was recommended for the Medal of Honor , the military 's highest award . But he did n't get it . You see , U.S. troops were n't supposed to be in Laos during the Vietnam War , so Etchberger 's heroic act was a secret for decades . Not anymore . Yesterday , during a ceremony at the White House , President Obama presented the Medal of Honor to Master Sergeant Etchberger 's family . The president said that the Medal of Honor pays tribute to Sergeant Etchberger 's courage , and it reflects the gratitude of the entire country . What 's The Word APRIL WILLIAMS , CNN STUDENT NEWS : What 's the Word ? the study of traits that are passed down from one generation to the next GENETICS That 's the word ! Great Salmon Debate AZUZ : Genetic engineering is when you use technology to take a trait from one thing and put it into something else . You might have seen that in a science fiction story somewhere . But could you see it on your dinner table ? That is what the FDA , the Food and Drug Administration , is considering . The agency is deciding whether or not to approve genetically-engineered salmon as food . You can see the difference in it . The modified salmon is twice as big , and it 'll get that big in half the time . The company that 's making the modified fish says this could help make the fishing industry more efficient and help make more food . But one big question : Is it safe to eat ? Some critics argue that there has n't been enough testing to see how this kind of genetic engineering will affect people or the salmon 's ecosystem . Blog Promo and Report AZUZ : So , would you eat it ? CNN.com took a vote on this : About 17 percent of readers said they 'd eat genetically-modified salmon "  in a heartbeat . " Almost half of them said "  not on your life . " You can comment on our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . It 's the same place where you 're talking about the recession , which the National Bureau of Economic Research says has been officially over since June of ' 09 . Here 's what you say : No , the recession is n't over , according to 78 percent of you . Now , these numbers were yesterday when we recorded the show ; they might 've changed a bit . Fifteen percent of you think the recession is over . Seven percent say they do n't know . Dolly says "  jobs are n't improving , and it seems like prices are getting higher in food , gas , insurance . If the recession were over , there 'd be more people with jobs and not so many struggling . " Markus says in his community , "  there 's always at least one house with a foreclosure sign in the front yard , " and that before the recession , he "  did n't have a clue that foreclosure existed . " Saying the recession is over is n't accurate to Kenni , though that 's what the economic studies say . Kenni would like to "  see more data behind the facts . " Some of you , like Mary , say things are getting better . She writes that "  jobs are bouncing back and doing well , and that with time , unemployment and home sales will improve . " But another student named Mary says the worst may be over , but she asks "  how many budget cuts have been made since June of 2009 ? We still have a long way to go , " Mary writes . This Day In History ON SCREEN GRAPHIC September 22 , 1789 -- The U.S. Congress makes the position of Postmaster General part of the new government September 22 , 1862 -- President Lincoln issues the first draft of the Emancipation Proclamation , setting a date for the freedom of U.S. slaves September 22 , 1961 -- President Kennedy creates the Peace Corps , an organization of volunteers to work in underdeveloped nations Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! What is Ray LaHood 's job in the U.S. government ? If you think you know it , then shout it out ! Is he the : A  Secretary of Transportation , B  Secretary of State , C  CIA Director or D  Federal Reserve Chairman ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Secretary LaHood is in charge of the Transportation Department . That 's your answer and that 's your shoutout ! Distracted Driving Summit AZUZ : Part of Secretary LaHood 's job is to make sure that the U.S. transportation system is fast , efficient and safe . That last part is what he 's focusing on right now . Yesterday , Secretary LaHood kicked off a meeting about distracted driving . The meeting was in Washington , D.C. , and this is an issue that we 've talked a lot about ; it 's one that you 've discussed on our blog . Last year , we asked if you think the government should ban texting while driving . Nearly 80 percent of you said yes . Well , more than half the states agree . Right now , it 's illegal to text when you 're behind the wheel in 30 states . The transportation department is looking for other ways to cut down on distracted driving . At this meeting yesterday , Secretary LaHood announced new rules banning train operators and some bus and truck drivers from texting on the job . After the Oil AZUZ : Every year , people pitch in to help clean up Alabama 's beaches . It 's a project called the Alabama Coastal Cleanup . Usually , these volunteers are just picking up trash . This year , though , as you might guess , they have to deal with oil that has washed up on the beaches from the spill out in the Gulf of Mexico . It creates some challenges , and it creates some opportunities . Check this out . BEGIN VIDEO CLIP SPENCER RYAN , EXECECUTIVE VICE PRESIDENT , ALABAMA PALS : I think this year 's been a little unusual year , with the oil spill and that type of thing , having to address those issues . APRIL BOONE , ORANGE BEACH , ALABAMA ZONE CAPTAIN : We do have an information sheet today that is about oil and what to do if they encounter it , which is basically to leave it alone . RYAN : This year , we are expecting probably the numbers to be a little bit down , especially as far as amount of litter picked up , because of BP 's work , you know , cleaning the beaches for the last several months . MIKE FOSTER , VICE PRESIDENT , ORANGE BEACH , ALABAMA TOURISM : I think the people here have had a feeling of frustration , because there really was n't anything that they could do . They could n't do anything about the oil . They could n't do anything about the tar balls . This is something that they can do to help us come back . LUCY ANN BUFFETT , OWNER , LULU 'S HOMEPORT , GULF SHORES , ALABAMA : It was a really rough going , but we have come through it like we do . We 're coastal people . We live in the hurricane corridor.You just get up and you deal with it . AMELIE MONTJOY , VICE PRESIDENT , THE OCEAN CONSERVANCY : It 's particularly good to be here this year and to see the energy and momentum and dedication of the people in Alabama to ensure that their beaches are cleaner and more productive than ever before . FOSTER : People want us to be OK , and they want to hear somebody say it 's OK , and we 've had a lot of signs that are saying that . The fishing is now re-opened . MONTJOY : What 's wonderful about having children participate in these cleanups is that they are our future . And it reminds us adults that we have a legacy to leave to them , an environmental legacy , because if what we have now is not protected , they and their children and grandchildren will never have the opportunity to enjoy it . END VIDEO CLIP Before We Go AZUZ : Okay , finally , you know how your parents told you not to play with your food ? They might make an exception for this art project . It 's called canstruction , and it 's on display at a mall in California . Each sculpture is made entirely out of canned goods . Creative and consumable . It 's actually part of a fundraiser that 's trying to fight hunger . After the exhibit ends , all the cans go to a local food bank . Goodbye AZUZ : The goal of the project : to show that everyone can make a difference . You might 've seen that coming . Either way , it 's all for now . CNN Student News is back tomorrow . We hope you 'll join us then . Bye bye !	Discover why an American airman 's heroics were held secret for decades Study up on genetically engineered salmon , and consider whether you 'd eat it Join the volunteers who are cleaning up an Alabama beach Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- Earth Day may fall later this week , but as far as former NASA astronaut Edgar Mitchell and other UFO enthusiasts are concerned , the real story is happening elsewhere . Astronaut Edgar Mitchell , shown after his Apollo mission in 1971 , claims there "  is no doubt we are being visited . " Mitchell , who was part of the 1971 Apollo 14 moon mission , asserted Monday that extraterrestrial life exists , and that the truth is being concealed by the U.S. and other governments . He delivered his remarks during an appearance at the National Press Club following the conclusion of the fifth annual X-Conference , a meeting of UFO activists and researchers studying the possibility of alien life forms . Mankind has long wondered if we 're "  alone in the universe . -LSB- But -RSB- only in our period do we really have evidence . No , we 're not alone , " Mitchell said . "  Our destiny , in my opinion , and we might as well get started with it , is -LSB- to -RSB- become a part of the planetary community . ... We should be ready to reach out beyond our planet and beyond our solar system to find out what is really going on out there . " Mitchell grew up in Roswell , New Mexico , which some UFO believers maintain was the site of a UFO crash in 1947 . He said residents of his hometown "  had been hushed and told not to talk about their experience by military authorities . " They had been warned of "  dire consequences " if they did so . But , he claimed , they "  did n't want to go to the grave with their story . They wanted to tell somebody reliable . And being a local boy and having been to the moon , they considered me reliable enough to whisper in my ear their particular story . " Roughly 10 years ago , Mitchell claimed , he was finally given an appointment at Pentagon to discuss what he had been told . An unnamed admiral working for the Joint Chiefs of Staff promised to uncover the truth behind the Roswell story , Mitchell said . The stories of a UFO crash "  were confirmed , " but the admiral was then denied access when he "  tried to get into the inner workings of that process . " The same admiral , Mitchell claimed , now denies the story . "  I urge those who are doubtful : Read the books , read the lore , start to understand what has really been going on . Because there really is no doubt we are being visited , " he said . "  The universe that we live in is much more wondrous , exciting , complex and far-reaching than we were ever able to know up to this point in time . " A NASA spokesman denied any cover-up . "  NASA does not track UFOs . NASA is not involved in any sort of cover-up about alien life on this planet or anywhere else -- period , " Michael Cabbage said Monday . Debates have continued about what happened at Roswell . The U.S. Air Force said in 1994 that wreckage recovered there in 1947 was most likely from a balloon-launched classified government project . Stephen Bassett , head of the Paradigm Research Group  PRG  , which hosted the X-Conference , said that the truth about extraterrestrial life is being suppressed because it is politically explosive . "  There is a third rail -LSB- in American politics -RSB- , and that is the UFO question . It is many magnitudes more radioactive than Social Security ever dreamed to be , " Bassett said .	He says governments are concealing evidence that extraterrestrials exist The astronaut is from Roswell , New Mexico , the site of an alleged UFO crash Mitchell : Roswell residents "  told not to talk about their experience " by military
CNN  So , Sony and Marvel have joined forces to take the Spider-Man movie franchise in "  a new creative direction , " with the next installment planned to hit theaters in July 2017 . That 's right -- another "  Spider-Man " reboot , announced just nine months after Spidey 's last swing through theaters in "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 " and three years after the franchise 's first relaunch . Sigh . Again ? Already ? Seriously ? According to the Hollywood Reporter , star Andrew Garfield is not returning as Spider-Man , freeing the producers of the next movie to cast a new face . OK , so maybe Sony and Marvel are eager to purge the sour aftertaste of the last "  Spider-Man " movie , which was savaged by fans and critics alike . But even by Hollywood 's increasingly impatient time frame for relaunching superheroes , this move feels awfully hasty . The Internet , usually awash in enthusiastic fanboys , was skeptical . "  We 're < 10 years away from a Spider-Man movie that reboots itself during the movie , " tweeted New York Times culture reporter Dave Itzkoff . By Tuesday afternoon , Twitter jokesters were rallying around the hashtag #PutSpiderManInEveryMovie . And among fans another theme emerged : If they 're going to reboot "  Spider-Man " again , maybe it 's time to get more creative with casting . Some people are clamoring for new movies based on an alternate version of Spider-Man by Marvel Comics that replaces Peter Parker -- the hero from the original 1962 comic -- with Miles Morales , a teenager who is half Latino , half African-American . Monday 's deal between Sony Pictures Entertainment and Disney 's Marvel Studios allows them to share Spider-Man , meaning that the web-slinging superhero could also appear in movies with , say , Captain America or Iron Man . Whichever way Sony and Marvel go , there 's a lot of money at stake . The five "  Spider-Man " movies have earned more than $ 4 billion worldwide , making it the most successful franchise in the history of Sony Pictures . But people may be wearying of the series in its current form . Each of the last four "  Spider-Man " movies made less money than its predecessor . We understand that risk-averse Hollywood loves superhero movies , which earn big profits in overseas markets , jump-start lucrative franchises and sell lots of related merchandise . But rushing out another , similar "  Spider-Man " could come across like a creatively empty cash grab . Would n't it be better for Sony and Marvel give Spidey a break ? That way they could give fans time to breathe , build anticipation for a reimagined character and take the series in a bold new direction that reflects 2020 , not 1962 .	Sony is teaming with Marvel and rebooting the "  Spider-Man " movies again Some fans were saying it 's too soon for yet another relaunch Others are urging Sony to reimagine the character with a new ethnic identity
Washington  CNN  -- The United States will ease some restrictions on defense sales to Vietnam , the State Department announced Thursday , following a meeting between Secretary of State John Kerry and his Vietnamese counterpart . While this change is limited to maritime security-related sales , it is a significant step forward for the U.S.-Vietnamese relationship . The United States previously maintained a full arms embargo on the country , which started during the Vietnam War nearly 40 years ago . During his meeting with Vietnamese Foreign Minister Pham Binh Minh , Kerry emphasized that any change to defense cooperation will be tied to Vietnam 's human rights record , according to State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki . "  Our security relationship remains under constant review , " Psaki said in a news briefing . "  Clearly , there 's more work that needs to be done in areas like human rights , and that 's one thing that the secretary conveyed during the meeting . And this is , of course , a partial lifting . " The Vietnamese have been pressing the United States to lift its arms embargo , particularly following aggressive acts by China in the disputed the South China Sea . Boats and brinkmanship up close in the South China Sea Earlier this year , China towed a deep-sea oil rig into the contested waters , igniting tensions in the region . Asked whether Thursday 's announcement , which comes just one day after Kerry met with his Chinese counterpart , was related to the dispute , Psaki was vague . "  Well , in part , " she said , "  in order to fully integrate Vietnam into maritime security initiatives that , you know , we have partnerships on throughout the region . " The United States has condemned Chinese drilling in the South China Sea , and its efforts to intercede in the conflict have been met with ire in Beijing , where the sea as viewed as a vital national interest . A dangerous dance : China , Vietnam posture in the South China Sea	U.S. will ease restrictions on defense sales related to maritime security The United States has previously maintained a full arms embargo on Vietnam The policy shift follows aggressive Chinese drilling efforts in disputed seas
Waukesha , Wisconsin  CNN  -- Approval ratings -- and the events that led to the most difficult political year of his presidency -- mean very little to President Barack Obama 's daughters . They are more concerned , he said , with their teenage pursuits . "  When we sit down at the dinner table , they have some awareness of what 's going on . And we have great conversations although mostly it 's about history more than about what 's going on right now , " Obama told CNN in an exclusive interview airing Friday . "  But it 's true . Look , they 're teenagers . They 're fully absorbed with their lives , what 's going on at school . " Still , the girls have managed to meet a great number of people who will have a place in history . That includes the former Pope , Pope Emeritus Benedict XVI . It was Obama 's first year in office , when he took his daughters -- Sasha and Malia -- with him to the Vatican . "  Sasha was still pretty young at the time , " Obama said . " ... They see the Sistine Chapel , and they 're going through the various chambers . Each time she 'd see somebody dressed up in the cloth , she 'd say ` Is that the pope ? Is that the pope ? ' How ` bout that guy over there ? ' " His answer : "  No , no , you 'll know when it is finally the Pope . " Obama does n't know if the girls will be with him when he meets the new leader of the Catholic Church , Pope Francis , later this year . "  I have been really impressed so far with the way he has communicated what I think is the essence of the Christian faith , and that is a true sense of brotherhood and sisterhood and a true sense of regard for those who are less fortunate , " Obama said . Asked if he might have some advice for the Pope on setting expectations a little lower , the president laughed . "  My suspicion is based on what I 've seen of him so far , he 's a pretty steady guy . I do n't think he needs any advice from me on staying humble . " Pope Francis may not need any help with that from the President , but Seattle Seahawks cornerback Richard Sherman might . Sherman 's rant following the Seahawks ' win over the San Francisco 49ers , a game that earned him a spot in the Super Bowl , caused a brouhaha after he declared he was the best . He was ultimately fined more than $ 7,800 for unsportsmanlike conduct after he made a choking sign at 49er quarterback Colin Kaepernick . "  My sense is he 's taking a page out of Muhammad Ali 's playbook , which is , I think he said explicitly , this is a good way to get attention . In fact , Ali said he got his schtick from wrestlers he used to watch , " Obama said . " ... So I think it 's part of the tradition ` let me get some attention . ' Obviously , it 's worked . I suspect he 's going to have a lot more endorsement contracts and more jersey sales after that . " CNN gave the President two options of competitions that we wanted him to weigh in on : Former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton vs. Vice President Joe Biden for the 2016 Democratic presidential nomination or the Seattle Seahawks vs. the Denver Broncos in Sunday 's Super Bowl . "  I think it 's going to be a lot like the Seahawks-49ers game . I think it 's going to come down to the last play , " Obama said . " ... I 'm not going to pick because I do n't want to offend any of the great cities participating . " OK , so if he 's not going to pick in the Super Bowl than what about Clinton versus Biden ? "  I 'm too smart for that , " the President said . Jake Tapper reported from Waukesha , Wisconsin ; and Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta . Watch The Lead with Jake Tapper weekdays at 4pm ET . For the latest on The Lead with Jake Tapper click here .	President Obama said his daughters are more concerned with teenage pursuits "  They 're fully absorbed with their lives , what 's going on at school , " he said Obama said Pope Francis appears to be "  a pretty steady guy " The President thinks the Super Bowl is going to come down to the last play
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- An unscripted , shocking moment during last year 's MTV Video Music awards dominated Sunday night 's show , with Kanye West and Taylor Swift putting their feelings to music . Lady Gaga , who carried home eight MTV trophies , ensured she would not be overlooked with frequent costume changes , including one with a raw beef hat , dress and handbag . An animal rights group said it would "  likely be crawling in maggots . " Taylor Swift sang a ballad of forgiveness for West -- the rapper who interrupted her acceptance speech at last year 's show , while West 's song seemed to acknowledge his reputation as a jerk . "  Who you are is not what you did , " Swift sang . "  You 're still an innocent . " "  Let 's have a toast for the scumbags , " West sang in the hook to his song . It was the only line in the hook that was not too expletive-laden to be reprinted . Swift , who has built a career writing songs about men who have done her wrong , penned her song -- "  Innocent " -- earlier this year "  about her feelings about last year 's VMAs , " her representative told CNN . Her song was immediately available on iTunes and will be on her next album "  Speak Now . " There was no immediate information from West 's representative about his song , which ended the show . West also was the target of jokes from show host Chelsea Handler . She lampooned the rapper by offering tips on how to fend off people stealing the spotlight . Another celeb made fun of her own bad behavior early in the show . Lindsay Lohan , fresh out of jail and rehab , appeared in a backstage skit with Handler , who was wearing an alcohol - detection bracelet like the one Lohan recently wore . "  Wake up , Handler , pull it together , " Lohan said as she slammed Handler against a wall . "  You 're a menace . Do you think anyone will work with a drunk ? Take it from me , they do n't . " Handler made her first stage entrance wearing a model of a house on her head , a joke aimed at Lady Gaga , who is known for creative and often bulky costumes . Gaga 's first costume included a feather Mohawk and a heavy hooped dress with a train . She wore it when accepting the best female video award . She struggled to reach the stage for her second award -- for best pop video -- because of her second dress , which she explained was "  too heavy to walk in . " Near the end of the show , when Gaga accepted the best video award , she was dressed in raw meat from head to toe , including her handbag . The animal rights group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals issued a statement Monday saying someone should tell Lady Gaga that there "  are more people upset by butchery than impressed by it -- and that means a lot of young people will not be buying her records if she keeps it up . " "  Meat is the decomposing flesh of an abused animal who did n't want to die , and after time spent under the TV lights , it would smell like the rotting flesh that it is and likely be crawling in maggots -- not too attractive , really , " PETA said . Eminem , who opened the show in a duet with Rihanna , won for best male video and best hip-hop video . Teen singing sensation Justin Bieber took the stage outside of the Nokia Theater in downtown Los Angeles during the first hour . He was surrounded by hundreds of screaming teen female fans , a scene familiar to Bieber . He was later given the best new artist award . "  Coming from a little town in Canada , I never thought I 'd be in this position , " Bieber said . "  Jersey Shore " cast members provided humor from a hot tub . Handler jumped in the tub with the four , including Snooki and the Situation . Last year 's show is remembered mostly for what was not planned . West , who walked the red carpet with a bottle of cognac in his hand , jumped on stage after Swift was announced the winner over Beyonce in one category . "  Taylor , I 'm really happy for you , and I 'm gon na let you finish , but Beyonce had one of the best videos of all time , " he said , snatching the microphone from Swift after she had won her award . Swift stood onstage , speechless , clutching her award . The cameras panned to a shocked Beyonce , while the audience booed and later chanted "  Taylor . " Though Beyonce later afforded the teen singer another opportunity to finish her speech , the West backlash had begun . It cost him his spot on a concert tour with Lady Gaga . Other MTV awards this year included : best rock video to 30 Seconds To Mars ; best art direction to Florence + the Machine ; best cinematography to Jay-Z and Alicia Keyes ; best special effects to Muse ; and breakthrough video to The Black Keys .	NEW : Lady Gaga dresses in raw meat to accept her last award Kanye West 's song seems to acknowledge his rep as a jerk Taylor Swift sings forgiveness for Kanye West
CNN  -- Mirror , mirror on the wall -- tell me my body faults , one and all . That 's what a lot of women ask their mirrors to tell them , at least until they get a boyfriend or a husband they can torture with the dreaded question , "  Does this dress  or blouse , pair of pants , skirt , etc.  make me look fat ? " But even when women get the answer to that no-win question , what can they do ? How do you disguise those thunder-thighs or flappy arms or muffin-top middles ? You might want to choose between high-fat and no-fat clothes . That 's right -- no-fat clothes . They 're the outfits that can take 10 pounds off your problem area , according to Charla Krupp , who wrote "  How to Never Look Fat Again . " Her mantra is : "  It 's not you , it 's your clothes . " "  All women know the language of food , " says Krupp , so she describes how to look your best in food terms . But not the old-fashioned terms of body shapes being either apple or pear , because women 's "  body issues can range from a wide face all the way down to cankles . " It 's not just a matter of vanity ; the author cites research finding that fat can keep people from getting hired . The ingredients to her "  never looking fat system " are : fabric , fit , styles and colors . High-fat clothes come in shiny metallic or sequin outfits in bright or neon colors that either fit too loose or too tight . Low-fat clothes come in darker hues of silk or cotton or wool gabardine and fit perfectly . "  I did n't want to sugar-coat anything , " says Krupp . She does n't . She gives information not even your most blunt best friend would tell you about what will make you look your best or your worst . There also is a Do n't You Dare section in every chapter . Krupp goes so far as to tell how the part in your hair or your eyewear choice can help you see a beautiful woman or Humpty-Dumpty in the mirror . But there is hope . She says even women size 16 or 18 can look their best if they make the right choices . Those begin with what 's under the outfits . "  You need good supportive shapewear . It will slim you down , " she says , adding a good one will have a high waist , right under the bra band , and will go down to whatever your problem area is . To smooth out the dreaded back fat that can ruin your appearance , she suggests wearing a control camisole over your bra to "  compress and flatten " the roll that could follow you everywhere . She also advises to not fall head over heels in love with a trend that is bad for you . "  I do see a lot of women walking around and I wonder , how did she go out of the house in the morning looking at that ? " says Krupp . "  They fall in love with a fashion trend even if it does n't work for them . ... ' I know this is going to make me look fat , but I do n't care . ' " Krupp says the wrong trend can be brutal for a woman . "  Transparency is big now , but if you have fat , you do n't want the world to see that -- you want to cover it up . " She says the celebrities that always look good in their clothes are Sandra Bullock and Demi Moore . But she notes that even if you 're rich and famous and in great shape , you do n't always make the best choices , even if you have a paid stylist to help . She noted two such fashion mistakes from the recent Academy Awards . Jennifer Lopez 's gown with a big bustle and train was a bad , or "  high-fat , " choice for a woman with a wide backside . And she said Charlize Theron 's Dior Haute Couture dress of amethyst and lilac with rosettes on her bust was just a "  really bad choice . " "  They really should sue their stylists for malpractice , " says Krupp . Or they could trade the stylist for Krupp 's book . Charla Krupp is married to Richard Zoglin , assistant managing editor of TIME , which , like CNN , is a division of Time Warner .	Charla Krupp 's newest book explains "  How to Never Look Fat Again " She breaks clothing choices down into high-fat and low-fat options Ten chapters are devoted to body issues and how to cover them LIsts include butt-friendly guide to skirts , shoes and boots to avoid
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- The United States and Afghanistan signed a landmark deal Sunday that affords Afghan authorities an effective veto over controversial special operations raids . A bid to end visceral Afghan anger over raids on private residences , the deal prevents NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  from conducting such operations without the explicit permission of Afghan officials , said a senior NATO official . It was not clear , however , whether the deal ceded 100 % of U.S. capabilities over special forces operations , ISAF 's key tactic against the insurgency . From now on , an Afghan review group will have to authorize an operation before it goes ahead , the official said . And special operations forces will operate under Afghan law , said a statement from the presidential palace . Afghan Defense Minister Abdul Rahim Wardak and ISAF commander Gen. John Allen signed the agreement at the Afghan foreign ministry Sunday afternoon . "  The Afghan special operations unit has developed at extraordinary speed " and is "  manned by courageous and capable operators , " Allen said at the ceremony . "  Today we are on an important step closer to our shared goal of a secure and sovereign Afghanistan . Together we will realize this vision . " U.S. Ambassador Ryan Crocker said the agreement was an "  important illustration " of partnership . "  We are making sure this transition is not abrupt , but a path marked by benchmarks and steps that build Afghan capacity , " Crocker said in a statement . "  This  agreement  marks another major step towards our goal of ensuring a stable , secure and sovereign Afghanistan and of forging an enduring partnership with the government and people of Afghanistan . " The key deal comes after months of recriminations against special operations raids , particularly at night , that deeply offend Afghans , as they involve foreigners entering their homes . U.S. officials say the raids are vital to NATO 's operation against insurgents . The complex system will fully "  Afghanize " the operations , putting Afghan commandos in the lead and giving American special forces a "  training and support role , " a senior Afghan official said . The official said the deal mandates a committee of Afghan officials with U.S. input , known as the Operational Coordination Group , to review U.S. intelligence on a target before a raid . If that target is approved , that will constitute authority for the operation under Afghan law , the official said . Afghan officials have insisted the raids be conducted in compliance with Afghan law . A senior Afghan official with sight of the agreement said the search of "  residential houses or private compounds " can now only be conducted by Afghan special forces . U.S. special forces will be on the ground in all special operations , but they will not enter the home of an Afghan unless specifically asked to do so by the Afghan commandos leading the operation , or by other Afghan officials , the senior NATO official added . In the year since February 2011 , 22 % of special operations had occurred at night , the NATO official said . The Afghan official said a new bilateral group will also be established , led by Wardak , the defense minister , and NATO 's Allen . It will have oversight over the "  Afghanization of special operations " and resolve any disputes . A U.S. military officer involved in the negotiations declined to discuss whether Americans would still carry out any special operations unilaterally , without Afghan approval . Last week , the Pentagon said 97 % of night raids were joint between Afghan and U.S , special forces , leaving open the possibility that some were just performed by U.S. commandos . Afghan Defense Ministry spokesman Zahir Azimi told CNN Sunday that the 97 % figure was accurate . He said the remaining 3 % referred to cases when U.S. forces acquire intelligence on foreigners like al Qaeda members or other senior foreign militants that "  need special and quick reaction . " The Obama administration has previously stated that the United States will go after key al Qaeda targets and militants , regardless of where they are . Talks have been going on for weeks on this key memorandum of understanding to address what is perhaps the most difficult issue in the partnership between Kabul and Washington . The agreement removes one of the obstacles in the way of a highly symbolic Strategic Partnership Document , outlining the basis for U.S.-Afghan cooperation for the years after NATO 's 2014 drawdown . Night raids also present a particular challenge to Afghan President Hamid Karzai . Their strong unpopularity has forced the president to demand they stop , or at least no longer involve foreign troops , despite their operational significance to NATO . Allen told Congress last month how vital and frequent those raids are . In 2011 , 83 % of the raids succeeded in detaining or striking either their primary target or an associated insurgent , he said . "  This last year , we had about 2,200 night operations , " Allen told the Senate Armed Services Committee . "  Of those 2,200 or so night operations , on 90 % of them we did n't fire a shot . On more than 50 % of them we got the targeted individual , and  in  30 % more we got the next associate of that individual as well . " As for civilian casualties , in the 10 % of the night raids where shots were fired , "  less than 1.5 % civilian casualties " resulted , Allen said . Karzai has said Afghanistan 's homes and villages need to be safe and protected . "  What we are asking for , in very specific and clear terms ,  is that  no foreign forces should enter Afghan homes , " he said last year .	NEW : A U.S. officer declined to say whether Americans would still carry out any special operations unilaterally NATO Official : The deal gives Afghans effective veto power over raids It also puts Afghan commandos in the lead Raids into homes are deeply unpopular among Afghans but the U.S. says they are vital
New York  CNN  -- President Barack Obama blasted his Iranian counterpart Friday for what he called offensive and hateful remarks about the September 11 attacks . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad blamed the United States for the 2001 terrorist attacks , an accusation that triggered a walkout Thursday by several United Nations delegates . "  Well , it was offensive . It was hateful , " Obama said in part of an interview with BBC Persian released by the White House . "  And particularly for him to make the statement here in Manhattan , just a little north of ground zero , where families lost their loved ones -- people of all faiths , all ethnicities who see this as the seminal tragedy of this generation -- for him to make a statement like that was inexcusable , " Obama said . Obama said Ahmadinejad 's comments stand in contrast to the sympathy expressed by the Iranian people in the aftermath of the attacks . "  And it just shows once again sort of the difference between how the Iranian leadership and this regime operates and how I think the vast majority of the Iranian people , who are respectful and thoughtful , think about these issues , " Obama said . British Deputy Prime Minister Nick Clegg said at the United Nations on Friday that Ahmadinejad 's "  bizarre " remarks were meant to distract attention from Iranian issues that generate media headlines . Ahmadinejad delivered a fiery speech before the U.N. General Assembly on Thursday , criticizing Washington , capitalism and the world body itself . Though incendiary statements from Ahmadinejad are nothing new , tension in the hall grew as the Iranian leader recounted various conspiracy theories about the September 11 attacks . "  Some segments within the U.S. government orchestrated the attack , " Ahmadinejad told the General Assembly . He followed with the claim that the attacks were aimed at reversing "  the declining American economy and its scripts on the Middle East in order to save the Zionist regime . The majority of the American people , as well as most nations and politicians around the world , agree with this view . " That appeared to be the last straw for many of the diplomats . Representatives from the United States , Britain , Sweden , Australia , Belgium , Uruguay and Spain walked out while Ahmadinejad asserted that the U.S. government was involved in the attacks or allowed them to happen as an excuse to go to war in Afghanistan and Iraq . Obama , who had delivered his address to the General Assembly earlier , had already left the grounds before Ahmadinejad spoke . Mark Kornblau , a spokesman for the U.S. mission to the United Nations , issued a statement saying , "  Rather than representing the aspirations and goodwill of the Iranian people , Mr. Ahmadinejad has yet again chosen to spout vile conspiracy theories and anti-Semitic slurs that are as abhorrent and delusional as they are predictable . " The head of the National September 11 Memorial said his organization 's work is made even more important by Ahmadinejad 's statements . "  While the impulse may be to ignore the rant of an individual who has consistently demonstrated a refusal to accept basic historic facts , including the murder of millions during the Holocaust , we can not , " said Joe Daniels . "  Because someone like Ahmadinejad espouses and expresses such lies publicly , we at the National September 11 Memorial and Museum must lead the preservation and presentation of the authentic history of what occurred on 9/11 , " he said . "  This history not only includes the worst of humanity in the execution of the heinous terrorist attacks , but also the best of who we can be through how this country and much of the world came together to support those in need . " Ahmadinejad went on to compare the death toll in the September 11 attacks to the casualty count in the wars in Afghanistan in Iraq . "  It was said that some 3,000 people were killed on September 11th , for which we are all very saddened , " he said . "  Yet , up until now in Afghanistan and Iraq , hundreds of thousands of people have been killed , millions wounded and displaced , and the conflict is still going on and expanding . " Ahmadinejad 's speech was hailed as a gift from God at Tehran 's weekly Friday prayers , Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency reported . "  We do not consider the remarks as those only belonging to the president himself , rather as a divine gift to the -LSB- Iranian -RSB- nation , " said Hojjatoleslam Kazzem Sediqi , who led the prayer session Friday .	Mahmoud Ahmadinejad 's U.N. speech hailed as "  divine gift " in Iran The Iranian leader blamed America for the September 11 attacks It was especially egregious that he made the comments in New York , Obama says U.S. , British , Swedish , Australian and Spanish delegates walked out
It 's a long road to recovery for Spanish nurse 's assistant Teresa Romero Ramos . Discharged from hospital six weeks ago after beating Ebola , she faces life without her beloved dog , Excalibur , put down by Spanish authorities for fear he might harbor the deadly virus . And questions remain about how she contracted the virus while helping to care for Spanish missionaries brought back from West Africa with Ebola , and the way her own case was handled . Romero was in court Thursday to seek 150,000 euros in damages from the then-Madrid health minister she accuses of blaming her for catching the disease . He publicly apologized for the comments and later resigned . She is also taking legal action against regional health authorities over the death of Excalibur . Speaking to CNN from Madrid , in her only global TV interview since leaving hospital , Romero became tearful as she recounted how she learned her adored dog had been put down . "  Due to my serious illness , no one was telling me what was happening in the outside world , " she said . Unbeknownst to her , locked away in a hospital isolation room , animal rights activists had campaigned to prevent the dog 's euthanasia , with an online petition gathering more than 400,000 signatures . But their efforts failed . Can pets get or spread Ebola ? Finally , on the day Romero received a negative blood test for Ebola , her husband Javier Limon broke the news in a phone call to her room . "  My husband decided to wait in order to tell me about it and to me it was a very sad piece of news , totally unexpected . I have n't got words to talk about it , " she said , her emotion obvious . It was probably better not to tell her while she was ill , she said , but the loss still affects her today . "  I 've forgotten about everything except the death of Excalibur -- not the death itself , but the way in which this was done without finding out first whether the dog was infected , " she said . "  I think it would 've been much wiser to put the dog in quarantine and keep an eye on it , rather than to sacrifice the dog like that . " This was what happened in the case of Texas nurse Nina Pham , whose dog Bentley was quarantined while she was treated for Ebola . After testing negative for the virus , the pet was eventually returned , tail wagging , to its grateful owner . Romero : Experience was surreal It was "  easier " for the Madrid authorities to have her dog put down , Romero said , but it made what was already a traumatic situation for her far harder . And she still asks herself why it had to be that way . "  It 's a lack of sensitivity , a lack of human feelings , it 's really nasty , nasty . Everything has been this way , but we forget about everything except the death of my dog . " The "  everything " Romero refers to relates to the way her infection with Ebola was first diagnosed and then handled . After she was taken to the Alcorcon Hospital in Madrid by ambulance , suffering symptoms including vomiting and a rash , she underwent a battery tests . But such was the apparent state of confusion , she said , that she found out she 'd been confirmed as having Ebola not from medical staff -- but by seeing the news story on her cell phone . "  It is surreal , nobody tells you anything and they come and put you inside a bubble and they take you away . And they did n't tell you anything . It is really odd . " She said she later found out that the emergency room doctor who first treated her was not informed about her two positive blood tests either . "  Surprising as it is , this is how it happened , " she said . "  No doctor told me about it , nobody told me anything about it , nothing . I think that they were going crazy . This took us all aback . " CNN is seeking comment from the Spanish Health Ministry over Romero 's allegation that news that she had tested positive for Ebola was given to the press before she found out . It 's still not clear how this leak transpired . ` You think about it ' Meanwhile , Madrid 's superior court has already ruled once on the case of Excalibur -- saying that regional health officials did not act recklessly in putting him down . But Romero 's legal team is planning to take them to court again , seeking 150,000 euros compensation for his death . She also wants to see a change in the official protocols for caring for suspected Ebola cases so others do n't undergo the same ordeal . This could include recording the medical staff as they work so any errors in taking off the protective gear could be spotted and lessons learned , according to Romero . She says she still does not know how she herself contracted the virus -- and likely never will . "  I followed the protocols . I followed the guidelines . I did everything that needs to be done , " she said . "  What you are doing is something so serious , you are risking your life every time you walk into a room -- so you think about it . " Last month , the hospital 's Director General Dr. Rafael Perez-Santamarina , said that through Romero 's case , the hospital had learned many lessons about the treatment of Ebola patients and how to protect staff caring for them . Romero said she was not yet completely physically recovered from the virus -- which has killed more than 6,000 people in West Africa -- but was slowly getting better . Meanwhile , her anger and grief over Excalibur 's fate continues to burn strongly . "  If I had known about the killing of the dog , I would never have volunteered " to care for the Spanish missionaries , she said .	Teresa Romero Ramos is suing Madrid regional authorities for putting down her dog She is also suing the ex-regional health minister , who she says blamed her for falling ill "  It 's clear they were not ready to look after a possible case of Ebola , " she says of hospital Romero wants to see revised protocols for health workers caring for Ebola patients
CNN  -- Paraguay coach Gerardo Martino has named Argentina-born striker Lucas Barrios in his 23-man squad for the World Cup in South Africa . Barrios , who has a Paraguayan mother , was given citizenship in April and scored in World Cup warm-up matches against the Republic of Ireland and the Ivory Coast . The 25-year-old , who netted 19 goals for German club Borussia Dortmund this season , will be vying for a starting place with clubmate Nelson Valdez , Roque Santa Cruz of English side Manchester City , Benfica 's in-form Oscar Cardozo , Edgar Benitez of Mexico 's Pachuca and Libertad 's Rodolfo Gamarra . Martino dropped Argentina-based Eduardo Ledesma , Marcos Caceres , Marcelo Estigarribia and Jorge Achucarro from his preliminary 30-man selection , along with midfielders Sergio Aquino and Osvaldo Martinez and defender Julio Manzur . Blog : The World Cup 's missing men Striker Salvador Cabanas was omitted from the initial squad despite being nearly recovered from head wounds after being shot in a bar in Mexico City in January . Mexico coach Javier Aguirre dropped young Barcelona midfielder Jonathan Santos from his final 23-man World Cup squad along with home-based defenders Juan Carlos Valenzuela and Adrian Aldrete . The 20-year-old has won five caps since making his debut last September , and played the whole match as Mexico thrashed Gambia 5-1 on Sunday . His father Geraldo , a Brazilian also known as Zizinho who played for Mexican clubs in the 1980s , said his son would now turn his back on the national team . "  Jonathan will not play for Mexico anymore , " he told Mexican television network Televisa . "  I love Mexico , I adore it , it is my country even though I am Brazilian but they can not hurt him this way . " Blog : Who will be the World Cup 's best player ? Aguirre 's decision leaves the squad with just four specialist midfielders : Jonathan 's older brother Giovani , Andres Guardado , Gerrardo Torrado and Israel Castro . Aguirre picked nine defenders , including captain Rafael Marquez of Barcelona , who can also play in midfield . Seven strikers were selected , including 21-year-old Carlos Vela and 37-year-old Cuauhtemoc Blanco , who came out of international retirement last April when Aguirre returned for his second spell in charge to help Mexico qualify . Striker Miguel Sabah , who scored a late winner in a qualifier against the U.S. last August , was ruled out of Aguirre 's earlier provisional squad by injury . Argentina coach Diego Maradona surprisingly named defender Ariel Garce in his final 23-man squad for South Africa . The 30-year-old , who plays for Argentine club Colon , was recalled for the 4-0 friendly win over Haiti on May 5 for the first time since winning his first two caps in 2003 . Garce kept his place ahead of 33-cap Fabricio Coloccini , who missed out along with fellow defender Juan Manuel Insaurralde , Napoli striker Ezequiel Lavezzi and midfielders Jose Sosa , Juan Mercier , Jesus Datolo and Sebastian Blanco . Blog : Is Messi better than Maradona ? Coloccini 's Newcastle teammate Jonas Gutierrez made the cut despite playing in the English second division this season , with Liverpool 's Maxi Rodriguez vying with him for a wing place . Veteran striker Martin Palermo , 36 , has the chance to play at his first World Cup , being one of five Argentina-based players selected by the 1986 title-winner Maradona . Maradona had earlier omitted Inter Milan stars Javier Zanetti and Esteban Cambiasso from his 30-man preliminary squad . The 36-year-old Zanetti , Argentina 's most-capped player , was controversially axed by Jose Pekerman for the 2006 World Cup but then brought back by his successor Alfio Basile and retained by Maradona for the 2010 qualifiers -- though he lost the team captaincy to Javier Mascherano . He was a key figure in Inter 's charge to a hat-trick of trophies this season , having won the Italian Cup , Serie A and Champions League . Cambiasso , who played in Germany four years ago and had a spot-kick saved in the quarterfinal penalty shootout defeat to the hosts , has not been called up since Maradona took charge despite establishing himself as one of the best defensive midfielders in Europe . Become a CNN Super Fan : Why your country needs you ! Inter 's Champions League final hero Diego Milito was selected despite playing a limited role in the qualifiers , and central defender Walter Samuel has the chance to feature at his second World Cup after missing out in 2006 . Center-back Martin Demichelis , who helped Bayern Munich win the German league and cup titles , was rewarded for his fine form this season . England-based Mascherano and Carlos Tevez were also included , but Maradona omitted Barcelona defender Gabriel Milito and Real Madrid midfielder Fernando Gago . Brazil coach Dunga ended the World Cup dreams of Ronaldinho and Adriano by omitting the duo from his final 23-man squad for the World Cup in South Africa . The 30-year-old Ronaldinho , a two-time world player of the year , misses out for the second tournament in a row despite returning to form this season with Italian club AC Milan . Former Inter Milan striker Adriano raised his profile by returning home to play with Flamengo following well-documented personal problems , but has failed to impress Dunga . "  Adriano was given several opportunities , " the 1994 World Cup winner said . "  There was a moment when we made a decision about the group . The group always welcomed Adriano , but there is a moment when reason talks louder than the heart . " Ronaldinho 's Milan teammate Alexandre Pato also missed out , along with highly-rated Santos teenager Neymar , but Germany-based striker Grafite was included at the age of 31 after his fine form for deposed Bundesliga champions Wolfsburg . United States coach Bob Bradley included Mexico-based striker Herculez Gomez and midfielder Jose Torres in his final 23-man squad . Veteran striker Eddie Johnson missed out on his second World Cup after being cut from the 30-strong preliminary selection along with fellow forward Brian Ching , defenders Chad Marshall and Heath Pearce plus midfielders Alejandro Bedoya , Sacha Kljestan and Robbie Rogers . Bradley 's squad , which includes his son Michael , features 15 players who have never been to a World Cup alongside two-time veterans Steve Cherundolo , Landon Donovan and Marcus DaBeasley . Defender Oguchi Onyewu and midfielder Stuart Holden are in the squad despite recent long-term injury absences . Gomez and Robbie Findley did not play in any of the qualifiers -- and neither did their fellow forward Edson Buddle , who won his first cap since 2003 in the 4-2 friendly defeat by the Czech Republic on May 25 . Chile coach Marcelo Bielsa made defender Roberto Cereceda the unlucky man to miss out on the World Cup after Marco Estrada recovered from injury . Having earlier dropped striker Hector Mancilla of Mexican side Toluca to whittle his squad down to 24 , Bielsa dispensed with Colo Colo 's Cereceda -- who had been brought in as cover . Union Espanola 's Luis Marin was given the third goalkeeping place behind captain Claudio Bravo of Real Sociedad and Miguel Pinto . Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez axed Catania striker Jorge Martinez , River Plate midfielder Jorge Rodriguez and Nacional winger Alvaro Gonzalez from his provisonal 26-man squad . He had earlier omitted Cristian Rodriguez , with the Porto winger set to start a two-game ban after his red card in the final qualifier . Penarol 's Egidio Arevalo-Rios and Defensor Sporting goalkeeper Martin Silva were the only home-based players named in the final 23 . Like Dunga , Honduras coach Reinaldo Rueda took the unusual step of naming his 23-man squad well ahead of the June 1 deadline , plus seven reserves . Key striker Carlos Costly is one of the standby players after being ruled out for four weeks with a foot injury , with his place taken by Georgie Welcome -- who in 2008 was the first Honduran to make his international debut while playing for a second-division side . England-based Wilson Palacios , Hendry Thomas and Maynor Figueroa are named along with Italy-based forward David Suazo and 36-year-old Carlos Pavon , who is set to win his 100th cap .	Argentina-born striker Lucas Barrios named in Paraguay 's 23-man World Cup squad Young Mexico midfielder Jonathan Dos Santos misses out on place in World Cup squad Three-cap defender Ariel Garce named in Argentina 's 23-man squad for World Cup Brazil coach Dunga omits Ronaldinho and Adriano from 23-man World Cup squad
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Some Democrats are increasingly concerned about President Obama 's $ 787 billion financial fix for the ailing economy , and are demanding greater transparency on further spending . Rep. Earl Pomeroy , D-North Dakota , says there are big concerns over talk about a second stimulus package . With the White House seemingly comparing the nation 's economy to a house on fire , some congressional Democrats are asking , where 's the fire truck ? One New Hampshire congresswoman said as much to Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner on Capitol Hill recently . "  I said , hurry , please hurry , because people are waiting and they are hurting , and they need the help now , " Rep. Carol Shea-Porter , D-New Hampshire , said . She 's one of a growing number of nervous Democrats on edge or at odds with some of the Obama 's administration 's plans on the economy . Some are taking aim at the president 's budget proposals that would curb popular tax deductions for wealthier Americans . Watch more on why some Democrats are nervous " "  I do n't think ultimately the criticism is surprising . That certainly happens and is all part of the process , " said White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs . As a nod to moderate concerns , Obama took steps to make his budget more transparent . He included items former President George W. Bush passed separately in recent years to obscure the true operating cost of the government , such as the money for the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , an annual multibillion-dollar fix of the fees Medicare pays physicians and Alternative Minimum Tax relief for the middle class . Sen. Evan Bayh , D-Indiana , who along with Nebraska Democrat Ben Nelson and Connecticut Independent Joe Lieberman is one of the so-called Gang of 15 -- a coalition of moderate Democratic senators -- says it 's all about the messaging . "  Like getting health care costs under control is important to the economy and getting the deficit down , " he said . "  Sustainable sources of energy at reasonable prices is also important to the economy . Dealing with the financial crisis is obviously important to the economy . " Bayh added : "  So what needs to be done is , Obama 's got to move on all these fronts but also integrate them back to the same theme of always strengthening the economy , getting people to work , growing businesses , improving our standard of living . " Watch more of Obama 's solutions for the economy " Rep. John Tanner , D-Tennessee , is a member of the "  Blue Dog " group of 47 fiscally conservative Democrats in the House -- six of whom voted against Obama 's stimulus plan . He said Obama at least is being honest about the dire condition of the economy . "  At least the budget that the Obama administration presented , even though it 's huge and it 's a huge deficit -- and that enables the other team to beat up on it -- the truth is that it 's honest and truthful , " he said . Democratic media consultant Steve Murphy , who represents several moderate Democrats , said that Blue Dogs are all "  deficit hawks , " so they 're "  nervous about spending . " "  They 're against giving more money to the banks without any accountability , they want to zero in on wasteful spending and they strongly believe the shrinking deficit and eventual balanced budget was the underpinning of our economic success in the ' 90 's , " he said . Murphy added that these Democrats do , however , realize that more money is going to be needed . "  So I expect them to be about greater accountability and fairness for the taxpayer . They wo n't join -LSB- GOP House Minority Whip Eric -RSB- Cantor 's ` Hell No ' chorus . " And that is something resonating with House Speaker Nancy Pelosi who said top economists told her a second stimulus package may be necessary . "  You have to keep the door open to see how this goes , " she said . House Democrats , CNN has learned , heard that message in a meeting with top economists , who predicted the president 's stimulus plan will fall short of saving or creating three to four million jobs , as he promised . "  Over the first two years about 2 1/2 million jobs saved and created , " said economist Allen Sinai . "  A little less than the administration and perhaps Speaker Pelosi has said ... the jobs created may be a little disappointing . " Sinai said that over time , the economy may produce the jobs president Obama promised , but that people should try to be patient . But budget hawks in the party do n't like the sound of that . "  I mean , if we were to take a vote this afternoon , the stimulus package would probably fail , " said Rep. Earl Pomeroy , D-North Dakota . "  If they want substantial , more public funds committed , they 're going to have to go out there and explain precisely how this is going to work . " Shea-Porter said she 's simply on the message she 's getting at town meetings back home , a message that 's also aimed at some in the media . "  It 's terrifying people . Before , people were very optimistic and the leaders were optimistic . Then we hit a spell here where we 're hearing a lot of media ... people who are frightening without necessarily giving both sides , " she added . For now , the White House says it has no plans for another stimulus , arguing its plan needs time to work . In other words , the fire is not out yet . CNN 's Dana Bash and Time.com 's Jay Newton Small contributed to this report .	House Speaker Nancy Pelosi says a second stimulus package may be needed Moderate and conservative Democrats are worried about spending more money Obama has taken steps to make his stimulus plan transparent Consultant says fiscally conservative Dems are asking for greater transparency
CNN  -- Blood and urine transported from Rio de Janeiro to Lausanne . It is a 5,000-mile transatlantic commute , but that 's the anti-doping plan FIFA will implement to ensure a clean World Cup in 2014 . Football 's global governing body was forced to take the step after the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  suspended testing at a laboratory in Rio . The LADETEC laboratory had its accreditation to conduct anti-doping tests taken away by WADA in August after failing to meet the organization 's International Standard for Laboratories  ISL  . "  Following the recent decision by WADA to revoke the accreditation of the LADETEC laboratory in Rio de Janeiro ... FIFA has decided to use the WADA accredited laboratory in Lausanne , Switzerland , " read a FIFA statement . "  As WADA confirmed that following due process the LADETEC laboratory would not be able to achieve re-accreditation in time for the World Cup , FIFA has no other option but to handle the analysis of samples abroad . " The facility in Lausanne was used following the 2013 Confederations Cup , a World Cup warm-up tournament held in Brazil earlier this year , for processing data on the biological profiles of players . WADA president John Fahey accepted that flying samples across the Atlantic Ocean is not ideal , but insisted the logistical hurdles were "  not insurmountable . " "  It 's almost certain it wo n't happen before the World Football Cup next year , " Fahey said at the World Conference on Doping in Sport in Johannesburg . "  Clearly that will involve using another laboratory ... You can move the samples these days with aircrafts and regular flights . " The WADA president cited an example from February this year , when drug testers successful took samples from over 40 Kenyan athletes before transporting them to Lausanne for analysis . "  FIFA is now taking the necessary logistical steps for the shipment of samples overseas , " continued FIFA 's statement . "  FIFA and WADA will ensure the best possible analysis of urine and blood samples and the proper implementation of the new strategy in the fight against doping by means of the steroid module of the Athlete Biological Passport . " Biological passports collate an athlete 's drug test results over time , making it easier to detect differences which could indicate the use of a banned substance . Brazil , and Rio in particular , is set to be firmly in the global spotlight over the next few years . Two years after the World Cup , which will run through June and July , Rio will host the 2016 Olympic Games . A total of 552 blood and urine tests conducted during the South Africa World Cup in 2010 returned zero positive results . FIFA doubled the number of precompetition tests conducted compared to the World Cup in Germany in 2006 . The LADETEC laboratory was not immediately available for comment .	FIFA will transport samples taken at Brazil 2014 to a lab in Switzerland Plan put in place after World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  suspended testing at lab in Rio The Swiss facility in Lausanne was used during the 2013 Confederations Cup WADA president John Fahey says logistical problems are "  not insurmountable "
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- A federal hearing began Monday to determine whether SeaWorld Orlando should be charged with a willful violation in the 2010 death of killer whale trainer Dawn Brancheau . As witnesses took the stand inside the Seminole County Courthouse in Sanford , Florida , members of People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , or PETA , demonstrated outside . Monday was the first day of the hearing , which will resume at 9 a.m. Tuesday and is expected to continue all week . In February 2010 , as park guests watched in horror , Brancheau , 40 , was pulled into a SeaWorld pool and drowned by a 12,000-pound killer whale named Tilikum . Brancheau had been sitting on the Shamu Stadium 's pool edge during a private show . After a lengthy investigation , the Occupational Safety and Health Administration -- the federal agency that works to prevent workplace injuries -- cited SeaWorld of Florida in August 2010 for willfully endangering employees by not taking proper safety precautions . "  SeaWorld recognized the inherent risk of allowing trainers to interact with potentially dangerous animals , " Cindy Coe , OSHA 's Atlanta regional administrator , said in a statement . "  Nonetheless , it required its employees to work within the pool wall , on ledges and on shelves where they were subject to dangerous behavior by the animals , " she said . The citation said the park allowed its employees to work with Tilikum , a whale with "  known aggressive tendencies " who was involved in the 1991 death of a trainer at a Vancouver , British Columbia , marine park . The theme park did not provide barriers , decking , oxygen supply systems or other types of protection for the trainers , OSHA said . SeaWorld spokeswoman Becca Bides disagreed , saying , "  These allegations are completely baseless , unsupported by any evidence or precedent , and reflect a fundamental lack of understanding of the safety requirements associated with marine mammal care . " SeaWorld contested OSHA 's findings and is presenting evidence to the OSHA Review Committee , a separate government agency , at this week 's hearing in Sanford , northeast of Orlando . OSHA Review Committee Administrative Judge Ken Welsch is presiding over the hearing , in which both sides are presenting evidence and witness testimony . In his opening remarks on Monday , OSHA attorney John Black said SeaWorld allowed their trainers to take a calculated risk by working with killer whales that have the potential to cause harm or death to those who get close . Trainers are required to sign a document that acknowledges that they have read the standard operating procedure manual and acknowledge the calculated risk . Black called the document a release waiver and argued that the park 's training for the handlers was not enough . SeaWorld 's attorney said the handlers ' training is only one component , noting that the animals are trained , too . "  It goes hand in hand , " said Carla J. Gunnin Stone . It 's unclear if OSHA 's attorneys will present surveillance video showing Brancheau 's death . Her relatives have fought to keep it sealed . U.S. District Judge Gregory Presnell on Thursday denied the Brancheau family 's request to keep the tape from being released or used at the hearing . "  We can not comment on what may or may not be presented  during the hearing  , as that depends not only on our own attorneys but also on any rulings issued by the judge in the case , " OSHA spokesman Michael Wald said . Since the accident , SeaWorld has restricted all trainers from entering the water with killer whales until further notice , though Tilikum has returned in a theme park show called "  One Ocean . "	After death of killer whale trainer , OSHA said SeaWorld did n't take proper precautions Dawn Brancheau died during 2010 Florida show SeaWorld says "  allegations are completely baseless " It 's unclear whether video of Brancheau 's death will be shown at this week 's hearing
CNN  -- Richard Bach , author of the 1970s classic "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull , " was seriously injured in a small plane crash on San Juan Island , Washington , a dispatcher said Saturday . Bach was flying the plane , which went down Friday afternoon . No one else was aboard . He was trying to land on a small , private airstrip when the undercarriage of the plane clipped power lines , said Michael McElrath , a dispatcher with the San Juan County Sheriff 's Office . The National Transportation Board is helping to investigate the crash , which started a small brush fire on the island . San Juan Island is between the U.S. mainland and Vancouver Island , British Columbia . McElrath did not know details of Bach 's injuries . The author was flown to Harborview Medical Center in Seattle , where he was listed in serious condition . Bach , who lives on nearby Orcas Island , flies frequently , the dispatcher said . Best known for "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull , " Bach wrote several other books , including "  Illusions : The Adventures of a Reluctant Messiah " and "  A Gift of Wings . " "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull " tells the story of a restless seagull that loves to fly . It includes photographs by Russell Munson , and was made into a movie in 1973 -- three years after it was first published .	Bach is best known for his 1970 classic , "  Jonathan Livingston Seagull " He was the pilot of the plane , which crashed Friday on San Juan Island The cause of the crash is under investigation
Washington  CNN  -- Major league pitching legend Roger Clemens pleaded not guilty Monday to charges that he lied to Congress during a 2008 investigation into the use of performance-enhancing drugs in baseball . Clemens has been charged with perjury , obstruction of Congress and making false statements after telling lawmakers in February 2008 that he never used human growth hormone or steroids . U.S. District Judge Reggie Walton set an April 5 trial date for the seven-time Cy Young winner at Monday 's arraignment . The proceedings were held in the largest courtroom at the District of Columbia federal courthouse , one usually used for high-profile cases such as the trial of former White House aide Lewis "  Scooter " Libby . Before the arraignment , Clemens ate lunch at the courthouse cafeteria with his attorneys and was approached by at least three fans . Clemens was released on his own recognizance after the hearing and was headed to a charity golf event in South Carolina . He has denied the perjury allegations and said he looks forward to defending himself in court . "  I never took HGH or Steroids . And I did not lie to Congress , " he said in a message posted to his Twitter account August 19 , the day his indictment was released . Clemens , nicknamed "  the Rocket " during his 24-year career , left baseball in 2007 after playing for the Boston Red Sox , Toronto Blue Jays , Houston Astros and New York Yankees . The charges stem the pitcher 's 2008 appearance before the House Oversight and Government Affairs Committee , when he vehemently denied using performance-enhancing drugs . Steroid use "  is totally incompatible with who I am and what I stand for , " he told lawmakers , adding , "  I can not in good conscience admit to doing something that I did not do , even if it would be easier to do so . " His testimony put him at odds with his former trainer , Brian McNamee , and a report by former Sen. George Mitchell that stated Clemens had used banned substances at points in his career . Onetime teammate Andy Pettite told a league investigation led by Mitchell that Clemens admitted using human growth hormone . A few weeks later , the committee 's leaders asked the Justice Department to launch a perjury probe of Clemens . Rep. Henry Waxman , the committee 's chairman at the time , said after Clemens ' indictment that perjury and false statements "  are serious crimes that undermine the ability of Congress to perform its duties . " The six-count indictment accuses Clemens of trying to "  influence , obstruct , and impede " the congressional investigation into the use of steroids . It includes three counts of making false statements to investigators about the use of human growth hormone , steroids and vitamin B12 , and two counts of perjury stemming from his appearance before Waxman 's committee . Clemens told investigators that Pettite -- who admitted to using human growth hormone on two occasions himself -- must have "  misheard " him , and he accused McNamee of lying "  to save his own skin " as federal authorities began probing the use of steroids in major sports . He filed a defamation suit against his ex-trainer in late 2008 . He said the shots he received from his trainer were vitamin B12 , which is an allowed substance . But according to the indictment , the trainer never had access to B12 and never injected Clemens with such supplements . CNN 's Paul Courson and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : Clemens released on his own recognizance after not-guilty plea The baseball great has been charged with perjury and obstruction of Congress He insists he never used human growth hormone or steroids "  The Rocket " won seven Cy Young awards during his 24-year career
CNN  -- Writing in his will in 1895 , Alfred Nobel designated who should determine the winners of the annual prizes which he intended to be established after his death . Alfred Nobel 's statue in Stockholm . Nobel laid down who should nominate prizewinners in his will . Since its inception in 1901 , the winner of the Nobel Peace Prize has been chosen , in accordance with Nobel 's wishes , by a five-member committee of lawmakers elected by the Norwegian parliament , the Storting , and assisted by specially-appointed expert advisers . The 2009 committee is headed by Thorbjørn Jagland , a former Norwegian prime minister and the current president of the Storting . The decision-making process starts in September , more than a year before the winner of the prize is announced , when the committee sends out letters to qualified individuals inviting them to nominate contenders -- either individuals , joint individuals or organizations -- for the peace prize . Qualified individuals include members of national assemblies , governments , international courts , heads of universities and academics and previous Nobel laureates . The names of nominees and other information about the deliberation process are kept secret for 50 years . No-one can nominate themselves . The deadline for nominations closes in February when the committee begins its work whittling scores of contenders down to a shortlist , typically of between five and 20 names . Expert advisers are then recruited to provide additional information about the remaining candidates and evaluate their merits . The winner of the prize is decided by a majority vote of committee members at the start of October . Unlike the other Nobel prizes , which are awarded in Stockholm , the peace prize ceremony and laureate 's lecture takes place in Oslo in December .	Alfred Nobel determined who would decide winners in his will establishing prizes Peace prize decided by five-person committee elected by Norwegian parliament Committee invites nominees from hundreds of qualified nominators Nominees are then shortlisted and winner is decided by majority vote
Now that a Missouri grand jury has decided not to indict Officer Darren Wilson , what will happen to the man who killed an unarmed teen in the line of duty ? Technically , the 28-year-old officer could have returned to his job at the Ferguson Police Department . But many believe he will never work as a cop again . On Saturday , Wilson resigned from the force , his attorney confirmed to CNN . The eight-year police veteran wrote in his resignation letter he was leaving to help protect his fellow officers and Ferguson residents . "  It is my hope that my resignation will allow the community to heal , " he wrote in the letter , provided by his attorney . What Wilson told the grand jury "  It would be senseless for him to go back to Ferguson , " CNN legal analyst Mark O'Mara said . "  And I do n't even think he can go back to law enforcement , for the same reason . He is still now going to carry with him this mantle that he was the cop who killed the young black kid that sparked the controversy nationwide . " Most people believe Wilson will never again wear a badge . "  If I 'm the mayor of Ferguson , believe me , you would want that cop out because you know that he will be controversial , " CNN legal analyst Paul Callan said . "  He will be distrusted by the citizenry and maybe subjected to abuse when he 's out on the street . It 's just going to be nothing but trouble . " How prosecutor defended grand jury 's decision More investigations Wilson is still the subject of an internal investigation by the Ferguson Police Department over what happened on August 9 , the day he fatally shot unarmed teenager Michael Brown . And the U.S. Justice Department is conducting two civil rights investigations : one into whether Wilson , who is white , violated Brown 's civil rights , and the other into the police department 's overall track record with minorities . O'Mara says he believes the federal investigation into Wilson 's actions will lose steam . "  A federal investigation for civil rights violation is very difficult to accomplish , " he said . "  You really have to show that the person acted with the intent to take away your civil rights , meaning I did what I did because you 're black . That 's a protected class . " The decision to open a federal probe of the Ferguson shooting was largely political , he said . Since the grand jury declined to indict Wilson , one could conclude that the shooting was justified based upon Wilson 's and Brown 's actions . "  That 's more evidence that he acted in self-defense , " O'Mara said . ` More stringent ' federal probe possible Callan said the lack of an indictment could push the federal government to "  open a much more stringent and powerful investigation " of Brown 's shooting . "  Now they know he 's not going to be prosecuted on a state level , and the feds have a right to do a completely independent investigation , and they 're not bound in any way by grand jury determination , " he said . Whether the Justice Department brings charges , however , is another story . "  As a general rule , the feds really only get involved when they have a really strong case . " Callan said . "  I would n't imagine they 're going to swoop in on this one too quickly . " Wrongful death lawsuit possible Brown 's family will probably file a wrongful death lawsuit against Wilson and the Ferguson Police Department , Callan and O'Mara said . The Browns recently hired famed pathologist Michael Baden to conduct a second autopsy of Brown 's body , which Callan says is a move presumably "  to support a civil lawsuit for money damages later . " "  They 're going to sue a lot of people , and there 's no reason not to , " O'Mara added . Callan said Brown 's family could file a lawsuit against Wilson and the police department under Section 1983 of Title 42 of the U.S. Code -- a federal statute that permits damages against state officials for violations of legal or constitutional rights . But , O'Mara points out , law enforcement officers are afforded certain legal protections . "  We strap guns on them and say , ` Go out there and put yourself in danger , ' " he said . "  So they even have an extra level of immunity of sorts . ... Overall , Wilson probably acted within the confines of what he 's supposed to do . " But Wilson will forever be connected to this divisive case that sparked weeks of unrest in the St. Louis suburb . "  Darren Wilson is going to have a tough time because even if the presumption was he did nothing wrong , that does n't matter . He is now the focus point for all the anger and animosity that exist in the black community . " Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Darren Wilson resigned from the Ferguson Police Department on Saturday It 's not clear whether Wilson will continue being an officer somewhere else , but experts doubt it "  It would be senseless for him to go back to Ferguson , " lawyer and analyst O'Mara said The grand jury had considered charges ranging from manslaughter to murder
In two recent studies , researchers at Florida State University explored whether eating disorders are linked to social media use . The answer ? Like that most awkward of Facebook statuses says , it 's complicated . Summaries in the International Journal of Eating Disorders described the research . In the first study , 960 college women completed a self-reported eating disorder screening assessment . They also answered a series of questions about their Facebook use . A "  small but significant " positive correlation was found between duration of Facebook use and disordered eating . In the second , 84 women from the first study were divided into two groups . One group was instructed to use Facebook as they typically would for 20 minutes . The other group was told to research the ocelot , a rainforest cat , on Wikipedia and YouTube . Unsurprisingly , the women who spent 20 minutes on Facebook reported greater body dissatisfaction than those who got to look at cute cat photos . The research shows that there is some connection between Facebook use and disordered eating risk .  I do n't believe there is anything uniquely problematic about Facebook as compared to other social media platforms ; it 's just the platform these researchers chose . But the studies do not suggest that social media platforms should be held responsible for causing eating disorders . After all , we 're talking about a wide spectrum of illnesses that have complex biological , psychological and cultural roots . A simplistic blame game would be seriously misguided . We need more research to better understand this connection and , perhaps more important , how social media can be used as a positive tool for outreach , early intervention and recovery . I work with college students every day in my job overseeing the National Eating Disorders Association 's youth outreach . For those who struggle with poor body image , perfectionism or anxiety -- just a few of the many risk factors associated with disordered eating -- social media can be downright toxic . Facebook , Instagram , Tumblr , Twitter , Pinterest and their many new cousins do provide an unprecedented degree of access to images and messages that can entrench and sometimes trigger disordered eating thoughts and behaviors . Frequent users of social media can end up feeling as though they 're alternating between broadcast and comparison modes , which are both dangerous places to be if you are prone to believing that your self-worth is based on others ' approval . "  When I look at other people 's albums on Facebook , the comparing is automatic . I end up feeling like crap . " This comment came to me from an 18-year-old who participated in a Proud2Bme virtual roundtable on how social media affects teens ' body image . It is a sentiment I hear expressed constantly in my work . Back when I was caught up in my own eating disorder as a teen , I used to stare at my thighs in the mirror , wishing they could be as thin as those of models in the pictures I tore out of magazines . There were no hashtags like #thighgap , which have turned appearance-related fixations into searchable universes with neverending streams of photos and "  thinspirational " text . I wanted desperately to be liked , but there were no "  likes " or "  hearts " for me log on to watch and tally . The point is that the obsessions , compulsions and comparisons that drive eating disorders are nothing new . Social media have just amplified them . But it also has the potential to amplify solutions . We need to figure out how we can most effectively use it to promote media literacy , self-acceptance , support , recovery and body image activism . Some might choose to unplug from social media to protect their mental health ; there 's a reason that most residential eating disorder treatment centers ban social media use among patients . But the reality is that most people at risk or actively struggling with disordered eating use social media in some way . The good news is that social media give us all the ability to be content curators , media makers and rabble rousers . If you want to fill your feed with messages of body acceptance , you can choose pages and accounts to follow that will deliver those messages . Sure , I still have to report spammy "  belly busting " advertising , but the content I see and share through social media reflects my values and interests -- and I have no interest in seeing anything related to weight loss or body shaming . Rather than consuming and internalizing media toxicity , we can use social media talk back to a culture that makes us feel like we 're never good enough . For example , 19-year-old Benjamin O'Keefe , who is recovering from anorexia , started a Change.org petition reprimanding Abercrombie & Fitch 's CEO for comments saying the company was intentionally exclusionary and calling for it to include plus sizes . More than 80,000 people signed his petition , and Abercrombie recently announced that it will carry plus sizes , starting this spring . Just last week was National Eating Disorders Awareness Week . It was the most successful in the organization 's history ; the #NEDAwareness hashtag had a reach of 23 million during that week , and that social media awareness does translate to an increase in people seeking help . We saw it in the increased volume of calls to the helpline and visits to the website . We saw it in the stories and photos of hope shared on Twitter , Tumblr , Instagram and Facebook . Social media can stoke body dissatisfaction and reinforce disordered eating . It can also empower individuals to use their voices and resist mainstream media messages about beauty and thinness . Let 's keep working to understand the nuances of those risks and leverage the benefits to build a movement of change .	New research considers whether Facebook contributes to eating disorders Claire Mysko writes that it 's too simplistic to blame social media Facebook and other social media sites can be helpful in fight against eating disorders Mysko : They can "  empower individuals to use their voices " and resist negative messages
CNN  -- A day after raising the possibility of further nuclear tests , North Korea has engaged in provocative live-fire exercises near the South Korean maritime border , leading to an exchange of fire between the two neighbors . Semi-official South Korean news agency Yonhap reported Monday that the North had begun the drill just after noon  local time  . The Joint Chiefs of Staff  JCS  confirmed that some North Korean ordnance landed in South Korean waters , and that the South responded with fire . The JCS confirmed that the North Korean offshore military exercise began around 12:15 pm  local time  Monday , and said that "  a part of North Korea 's shelling reached South Korean side of the NLL and we  South Korea  responded with K-9 self-propelled guns into the North Korean waters above NLL . " The statement is in line with Yonhap 's report that the North fired "  several " artillery shells , to which South Korean military responded with self-propelled artillery fire . The South Korean K-9 howitzers have a 24-mile  40-kilometer  range . It is not clear how many of the shells fired by North Korea reached the Republic 's territorial waters . Less than two hours later , South Korean broadcaster YTN and Yonhap quoted the JCS as saying the North Korean shelling had ceased . Warning fax The reclusive state took the unusual step of informing its neighbor of live-fire drills close to the Northern Limit Line  NLL  in the heavily-militarized western sea , also known as the Yellow Sea . Pyongyang sent a fax early Monday demanding the Republic "  control " its vessels in seven sea border areas of the Yellow Sea north of the NLL . According to Wee Yong Sub , South Korean Defense Ministry vice-spokesperson , the scheduled tests mark the first time -- in recent history , at least -- that the North has announced live-firing exercises above the NLL , which marks the established maritime border between the two Koreas . "  We consider such announcement as a hostile threat and so have activated crisis management operation in case of  military  provocation , " he said . "  We stress that we are fully prepared for all situations . " He added that there are no immediate signs of nuclear tests being carried out by the North . Nuclear tests North Korea said Sunday it "  would not rule out " a new nuclear test as it defended its recent mid-range missile launch that triggered international condemnation . "  We  would not rule out a new form of a nuclear test aimed at strengthening our nuclear deterrence , " Pyongyang 's foreign ministry said in a statement carried by the state-run KCNA news agency . "  The U.S. had better ponder over this and stop acting rashly . " The statement did not specify what North Korea meant by a "  new form " of test . Last week , the Stalinist state launched two medium-range ballistic missiles into the sea off its east coast Wednesday , violating United Nations resolutions that prohibits Pyongyang from conducting such tests . The U.N. Security Council condemned the move and is considering an "  appropriate response , " the council 's president U.N. Ambassador Sylvie Lucas said . At a briefing Monday , Wee said : "  We are fully prepared for all provocation , including North Korea 's additional launching of missiles or nuclear test under the close cooperation with the U.S. " The military exercises are the latest provocation by the North , and come after a maritime dispute last week was seemingly swiftly resolved . On Thursday , a North Korean fishing boat was seized following an alleged incursion into South Korean waters , and then returned with its three crew members to the following day . Pyongyang slams South Korea President over nuclear remarks	North Korean military exercises see shelling into South Korean waters ; South responds with artillery fire North warned South it will conduct military exercises off the country 's western coast North Korea hints at further nuclear tests Claim comes days after North 's test-firing of medium-range missiles into the sea
The costs of your airline travel will rise a little today , thanks to the federal government . Airline passenger security fees charged by the Transportation Security Administration are increasing because of the congressional budget deal passed in December . The September 11 passenger security fee has traditionally been collected to fund the TSA 's airport security measures , but not this time . Most of the new revenue will go to pay down the federal deficit . Until Monday , a passenger was charged $ 2.50 for each leg of a journey . For a nonstop round trip , the cost was $ 5 . For a round trip with a connection each way , the cost was $ 10 . The fee was capped at two flights each way . That means you could n't get charged more than $ 5 each way or $ 10 round trip , even if you took three flights to get your destination . Now , passengers must pay a flat fee of $ 5.60 in each direction , no matter how many plane transfers are made to get from one city to another . For passengers flying a nonstop round trip , that means the fee will increase from $ 5 to $ 11.20 . Passengers flying round-trip with a connection each way will see their fees increase $ 1.20 to $ 11.20 per round trip , versus $ 10 before the fee increase . There 's one exception : If you book that terrible trip with a long layover , meaning at least four hours when traveling domestically or 12 hours when traveling internationally , the fees start over . Passengers with that much of a stopover between their flights will have to pay another $ 5.60 for the next leg . The TSA 's interpretation of the fee increase has been called into question . Though the TSA says the congressional budget deal eliminated caps on these fees , top congressional budget writers say that 's not true . Sen. Patty Murray , D-Washington , and Rep. Paul Ryan , R-Wisconsin , have written the TSA demanding an explanation . The trade group Airlines for America has generally objected to government raising more funds from airline passenger travel and specifically objected to this fee increase and the elimination of the fee cap . "  Our government must stop using airlines and their passengers as its own personal ATM whenever it needs more money , " according to a statement . "  A4A strongly opposes TSA 's elimination of the regulatory regime that rejects congressional intent by removing the cap on the TSA fee increase per enplanement as it will disproportionately harm airline passengers who rely on service to small and rural communities . " Who will pay the fee ? Though there 's a chance the airlines could absorb some of the cost , do n't bet on it . Southwest Airlines added the fee to its list of taxes and fees charged to customers starting today . "  Effective for bookings starting on July 21 , 2014 , all domestic air carriers are required to implement an increase in the government-imposed September 11th passenger security fee , " Southwest spokesman Nick Blampye wrote in an e-mail . "  The fee increased from $ 2.50 per segment  with a maximum of $ 10.00 per round-trip  to $ 5.60 per one-way trip , " Blampye said . "  Southwest customers can view a complete fare breakdown at the time of purchase , which includes the current security fee . " Delta Air Lines and United Airlines , which both declined to comment , also appear to be putting the entire cost on passengers . A flight search Monday at Delta.com showed a charge of $ 11.20 for a nonstop round-trip flight from Atlanta to New York 's LaGuardia Airport . So did a United.com search for a nonstop round-trip flight from Atlanta to San Francisco . Want to comment on the new rule ? Although the fee increase goes into effect today , the TSA is accepting public comment through August 19 at regulation.gov . Search for "  TSA-2001-11120-0085 . " Electronics to be scrutinized under new TSA security measures	Congress raised the fee in a budget deal Most of the money does n't go to back to the TSA Increase will be $ 1.20 or $ 6.20 for most fliers
YANGON , Myanmar  CNN  -- Courts in Myanmar have sentenced a blogger , a poet and several dissidents to several years in jail for anti-regime activities , a court official told CNN Tuesday . Young people at an Internet cafe in Myanmar . The verdicts were announced Monday and Tuesday , the court official said . Blogger Nay Phone Latt was sentenced to more than 20 years in jail for his illegal Internet activities , the court official said . The blogger was a "  major source of information for the outside world " when the military junta used force last year to suppress anti-government demonstrations , said The Irrawaddy , an online newspaper published by exiles from Myanmar , which is also known as Burma . The government exercises strict controls over media outlets in the southeast Asian country . Dissidents often turn to the Internet to disseminate information . In the second case , poet Saw Wai received a two-year jail sentence for a poem he wrote for Valentine 's Day that contained a veiled jab at the junta 's leading figure , Senior Gen. Than Shwe . The first words of each line in the eight-line poem , "  February the Fourteenth " spelled out the message : "  Senior General Than Shwe is crazy with power . " On Tuesday , the government handed down prison sentences to about a dozen members of a pro-democracy group known as the '88 Generation Students . Irrawaddy said the members were each sentenced to 65 years in jail , but CNN could not independently confirm the figure . Members of the group took part in the anti-government demonstrations that ended with the death of as many as 100 people last year after security forces clashed with thousands of protesters . The dead included 40 Buddhist monks . Witnesses said the violent crackdown in September 2007 came as hundreds of monks defied a military ban on public assembly . Until then , demonstrations led by the monks -- who are highly respected in the predominantly Buddhist country -- had gone largely unchallenged by the military , which has ruled the country since the 1960s . The protests were sparked by a huge fuel price increase imposed by the military government , and quickly escalated . The action was informally dubbed the "  Saffron Revolution " because of the maroon robes with saffron sashes that the monks wore .	Myanmar court jails blogger , poet and dissidents for anti-regime activities
CNN  -- Insomnia , the inability to fall or stay asleep , can make the days feel fuzzy and the nights never-ending . Insomniacs often get antidepressants instead of drugs designed to help them sleep , research has shown The disorder can increase the risk for depression and suicidal thoughts , lower work productivity and even raise blood pressure , studies have shown . About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent them from getting good rest . Singer Michael Jackson struggled with insomnia , a nutritionist who worked for him told CNN . Sources close to Jackson told CNN that during a world tour in the mid - '90s , the pop star traveled with an anesthesiologist who would "  take him down " at night , then "  bring him back up . " Stress or traumatic events can trigger the sleeping disorder . Insomnia drugs help the patient sleep , but they do not treat the underlying cause , which could be a result of another illness , life changes or shifting work schedules . And patients who seek relief for insomnia may not receive the most effective prescription . Over the last two decades , doctors treating sleep disorders have prescribed more antidepressants than insomnia drugs , according to several published analyses . And there is insufficient evidence that most antidepressants are effective in treating insomnia , concluded a National Institutes of Health panel that convened on the topic in 2005 . Doctors may be factoring in cost considerations and their own familiarity with prescribing antidepressants relative to newer sleep medications , experts said . Some doctors prescribe antidepressants because their patients have both depression and insomnia . Insomnia and depression often occur together , but which is the cause and which is the symptom is often unclear . Depending on the patient 's circumstances , a doctor might prescribe antidepressants as the primary treatment for insomnia ; for example , if there is a history of addiction . But the Food and Drug Administration has not officially approved antidepressants for insomnia . "  There 's inadequate body of information to support use of the unapproved treatment , " said Dr. Vaughn McCall , medical director of the Sleep Center at Wake Forest University Baptist Medical Center in Winston-Salem , North Carolina . "  I think the harm in it is the delay of effective treatment . You 've made a decision to ignore the proven effective treatment and decided instead to do who knows what . " McCall said he treats an insomnia patient with sleeping drugs first . When those options do n't work , he turns to antidepressants . Sleep experts say some antidepressants can help a person sleep , but their sedating effects can wane over time . There 's "  a lot of inappropriate prescribing for insomnia , " said Rajesh Balkrishnan , the director of the Center for Medication Use , Policy , and Economics at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor . Antidepressants could "  tranquilize you for a shorter period of time , " about five to six hours , Balkrishnan said . Insomnia drugs can produce deeper sleep levels for a longer period of time -- about eight to 12 hours , he said . Antidepressants balance the natural chemicals in the brain that are involved in regulating mood . The drugs can block reabsorption of the chemicals , such as serotonin , leaving more available in the brain . Side effects for antidepressants can include headache , night sweats , nausea , agitation , sexual problems and dry mouth . Sleep drugs work by slowing activity in the brain to allow sleep . They carry risks of addiction and side effects such as grogginess , headaches , nausea and bizarre behavior while sleeping . There are stages of sleep , from drowsiness to progressively deeper relaxation . The entire sequence normally takes about an hour , and the fourth stage is considered the deepest . After that , people go into what 's called rapid eye movement , or REM , sleep . After about 10 minutes into REM sleep , the brain cycles back to the four other stages  known as non-REM  . The cycles repeat throughout the sleep time . The use of antidepressants to battle insomnia could be influenced by cost , since generic antidepressants cost less than brand-name insomnia drugs , doctors said . In 2007 , the Food and Drug Administration approved the first generic version of Ambien , called zolpidem , for short-term treatment of insomnia . Despite the availability of a less expensive generic version , many doctors continue to prescribe antidepressants , McCall said . Doctors might hesitate to prescribe some types of sleeping drugs because they belong to the same class of drugs , called benzodiazepines , as Xanax and Valium . These drugs can be highly addictive over chronic use . But not all sleep drugs are benzodiazepines . A sample of 3,400 physicians ' prescription practices published in the journal Sleep in 2004 showed that antidepressants were approximately 1.53 times more likely to be prescribed by American doctors than insomnia drugs . "  A lot of it is a holdover from the days where the perception was that sleeping pills would cause dependence and there would be abuse liability , " said author James Walsh , executive director and senior scientist at the Sleep Medicine and Research Center at St. Luke 's Hospital in Chesterfield , Missouri . "  There was a feeling that they only worked for short periods of time and you develop tolerance to those medicines . Those impressions came from pills used until the 1970s . " Three of the top four most commonly prescribed drugs for insomnia were antidepressants , according to Walsh 's 2004 article . Five years later , Walsh doubts many of the prescription practices have changed . "  There are still a lot of doctors prescribing antidepressants and other sedating medicine for insomnia even though those medicines have n't been studied very well for treatment of insomnia and have some different types of risks , " Walsh said . But Balkrishnan said , "  You ca n't put the blame solely on prescribers , " adding that some patients insist on certain medications and find ways to obtain those drugs , despite their doctor 's best efforts . The alternative to taking pills is cognitive behavioral therapy for insomnia , which teaches the patient how to get better sleep hygiene and ways to avoid sleep-disturbing behaviors . Unlike drugs , this method has no side effects . Using anesthetics to get relief from sleep disorders is highly unusual and inappropriate , several doctors have told CNN . Jackson requested an anesthetic , saying , "  I just want to get some sleep . You do n't understand . I just want to be able to be knocked out and go to sleep , " Cherilyn Lee , a registered nurse and nurse practitioner who worked for Jackson for a time , told CNN . Doctors say that if Jackson was being anesthetized to battle insomnia , it was a dangerous practice . The possible role of an anesthetic , called Diprivan -- also known as propofol -- has swirled since the pop singer 's death on June 25 . "  Propofol induces coma , it does not induce sleep , " said Dr. Hector Vila , chairman of the Ambulatory Surgery Committee for the American Society of Anesthesiologists .	Doctors prescribed more antidepressants for insomnia There is lack of evidence that antidepressants are effective for insomnia Practice may continue because some sleeping drugs are benzodiazepines About 40 million Americans have chronic sleep disorders that prevent good rest
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- In the days following Tunisian dictator Zine el Abidine Ben Ali 's ousting last January , some media reporting on the so-called "  Jasmine Revolution " presented the internet as the unique factor that led to the fall of his authoritarian regime . But was this revolution -- which I call the Dignity Revolution -- really driven by the internet ? How did internet and social media help in overthrowing dictatorship ? Initially , traditional Tunisian media ignored clashes between security forces and peaceful protestors -- who rallied after the death of Mohamed Bouazizi by self-immolation -- in Sidi Bouzid . They then lied about it because , I believe , they were trying to impose a media blackout -- as it had been the case in 2008 , during the social movement triggered by protests in the Gafsa mining region . Nevertheless , videos showing Bouazizi 's burning body and the clashes immediately starting circulating on the web . People captured Bouazizi 's action using their cell phones ; they recorded it and uploaded to Facebook . A year later , Bouazizi 's legacy still burns I am one of those "  geeks , " who are constantly connected to the internet . I was in front of my screen that day when I found the video showing what was going in Sidi Bouzid . I was shocked as it was not the first time a young Tunisian had committed suicide by self-immolation . Some months prior , Abdesslem Trimech had done the same , for similar reasons . I wanted to travel to Sidi Bouzid and see what was happening , but I was unable to afford it . I did , however , want to spread the word about the horrifying incident . I was already in touch with lawyers and a large network of cyber-activists , so I contacted them to collect information , verify it , write about developments and share everything online . This was not an easy task . My blog , Facebook profile and Twitter account were blocked , before being hijacked , probably by Tunisian cyber police . At first , I was able to circumvent censorship and update both my blog and Facebook profile regularly . But after the hijacking episode , I had to create new accounts . My profile had grown through December , as I took part in demonstrations denouncing the violence used against peaceful demonstrators , and shared my photos and video on Facebook and Twitter . At the time , I was also assisting foreign media by giving phone and Skype interviews . On January 8 last year , some French journalists asked me to assist them in the protest areas . I did not think about it at all . I just packed and accompanied them . Tunisians mark anniversary of president 's ouster This journey took us to Djelma , Sidi Bouzid , Regueb , Sbeitla and Kasserine . I took photos of the dead and succeeded in capturing some of the atrocities and crimes of Ben Ali 's regime and police against peaceful protestors . I was posting everything on the internet . On January 9 , when I was in Regueb , I went to the house of Nizar Slimi , a young man killed just a few hours prior to my visit during a massacre in the city which I suspect was committed by police . It turned out to be a key day in my trip . When I shared my photos , plus images and videos that young residents of the city had given to me to spread through the internet , I was contacted by journalists and people from all over the world . By this time , cyber activists were sharing my work spontaneously , and I was doing the same with theirs . And this is the strength of the internet . The overlapping of contacts and sharing of information by those belonging to the same networks allows the dissemination of information among thousands in a short time . What happened in Sidi Bouzid surprised us , as it surprised the entire world . I had not coordinated as I had for past campaigns ; it happened automatically . Former Tunisia leader faces trial over killings A previous campaign I had been involved in was "  Nhar Ala Ammar , " a demonstration against censorship that was organized in April 2010 . That campaign did , indeed , convince people to leave their screens and to act on the ground . I do not think the internet was , in and of itself , the reason behind the success of Tunisia 's uprising . However its use , and cyber activists ' ability to share information and mobilize people , pressured Ben Ali 's regime . But the internet was only one in a long chain of factors which led to the revolution . Tunisian people were rising up against the socio-political situation . They were willing and determined to get rid of injustice , corruption , nepotism , and poverty . It was the nation 's longing for freedom , dignity and social justice which led to the end of Tunisia 's dictatorship . People fed up with oppression and inequality defied the violence of the police of a threatened regime . We should never forget that in Tunisia everything started on the ground , in real life . We should never forget that 300 Tunisians , both men and women , sacrificed their lives to allow us to live in dignity . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lina Ben Mhenni	The Tunisian uprising was triggered by Mohamed Bouazizi 's death by self-immolation Videos showing Bouazizi 's burning body circulated the web Lina Ben Mhenni posted online what she saw of the revolution , it was spontaneously shared But she says the internet was only one thing in a chain of factors which led to the revolution
CNN  -- Here 's the next thing the Republican party needs to rethink . What does it say if and when the United States returns to prosperity ? For five years , U.S. politics have been shaped by economic hardship . In 2008 and 2010 , voters rejected the party in power , booting Republicans out of the White House , and then sweeping Democrats out of Congress . Mitt Romney campaigned in 2012 on the slogan , "  Obama is n't working . " President Obama responded by attacking Romney as out of touch , assuming  probably correctly  that he could not win by running on his record . But the indicators are suggesting that by 2013 and 2014 , the Obama record will begin to look a lot better , assuming , that is , that the two parties in Washington do n't recklessly push the country off the fiscal cliff at the end of the year . Opinion : How Republicans can bounce back The nation 's economy added 171,000 jobs in October 2012 , for a total of almost 700,000 in the four months before Election Day . More than half the jobs lost in the crash of 2008-2009 have now been recovered , even as public-sector employment has shrunk by a net 500,000 . The economy is recovering because consumers are less burdened by debt . They are paying down their credit cards , building home equity and strengthening their personal balance sheets . As household debt burdens become lighter , consumers express more confidence . They are allowing themselves to spend a little more . They are even buying new homes again . Housing starts in October 2012 rose to a level 41.9 % over a year before . Accelerating economic activity is rapidly reducing the budget deficit . The deficit has contracted since 2009 at the fastest rate since the end of World War II , faster even than during the late 1990s boom . Wages remain flat , and will likely stay flat until unemployment contracts more , but Americans can begin to see better times ahead for the first time in a long time . News : GOP resistance to anti-tax pledge grows As they do glimpse that better future , two things will happen in politics : 1  President Obama will begin to claim more credit . In 2012 , the word "  stimulus " went unmentioned by Democrats . It was Republicans who tried to make political use of the $ 800 billion spent on job creation in 2009-2011 . In 2013-2014 , however , the shoe may suddenly rematerialize on the other foot . 2  Republicans will discover that their old "  Obama is n't working " theme has become obsolete . By 2014 , again assuming that Congress does not leap off the fiscal cliff , it will likely look as if Obama is working . What then ? If negative messaging failed in 2012 , it will fail bigger in 2014 . For too long , the Republicans have predicted apocalypse , debt crisis , the loss of freedom , the overthrow of the constitution . As the economy improves , that doom-saying will seem even more out of touch than ever . Republican political chances will depend on the Republican ability to devise a positive program to address the country 's fiscal problems in ways that improve people 's lives . It 's a new day , guys , and it demands a new game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says signs pointing to the economy gaining steam in next two years He says household debt is down , consumer confidence is up , jobs are returning Republican message in 2010 , 2012 was that Obama 's plan was n't working , he says Frum : GOP needs a new message if the Obama economy produces real gains
Lac-Megantic , Quebec  CNN  -- Five more bodies have been recovered from the scene of runaway train disaster in Quebec , raising the death toll to 33 , a Canadian provincial police official said Saturday . The bodies were pulled from where a train crashed in the town of Lac-Megantic , Capt. Michel Forget said . More than two dozen people are still believed to be missing , and the explosion and subsequent fire following the train derailment may have vaporized some of the victims , authorities have said . Investigators are working to determine how the train , parked in nearby Nantes , began rolling toward Lac-Megantic after midnight on Saturday , July 6 -- unbeknownst to dispatchers and rail traffic controllers . Most of the 73-car train derailed in the center of the town , and tank cars full of oil exploded and burned .	Death toll in the train disaster in Lac-Megantic rises to 33 , police say More than two dozen people are still believed missing It 's possible some of the victims were vaporized in an explosion
CNN  -- If humanitarian crises were listed by some sort of moral -- or editorial -- standards on the stock exchange , to help indicate which ones urgently require international news coverage and political action , shares of the situation in the Democratic Republic of the Congo  DRC  would have commanded international news headlines and extensive press coverage over the past 12 years . The U.N. has labeled the DRC , Africa 's second largest country , as the "  rape capital of the world " because of the pace and scope of the use of rape as a weapon of war by proxy militia gangs fighting for control of Congo 's easily appropriable and highly valuable natural resources , destined for sale in Europe , Asia , Canada and the United States . The wars in that country have claimed nearly the same number of lives as having a 9/11 every single day for 360 days , the genocide that struck Rwanda in 1994 , the ethnic cleansing that overwhelmed Bosnia in the mid-1990s , the genocide that took place in Darfur , the number of people killed in the great tsunami that struck Asia in 2004 , and the number of people who died in Hiroshima and Nagasaki -- all combined and then doubled . Yet we rarely hear anything about it . Indeed , one only need contrast media coverage of the latest Israeli airstrikes on the Gaza strip and Hamas rocket attacks into southern Israel , which have made front pages around the world , to the stunningly limited media coverage afforded to graphic accounts of atrocities committed that same week by M23 , the newest militia gang terrorizing the local population . Desperate families flee Congo The same trend has been observed in the extensive coverage of the on-going , fast-moving and difficult-to-report civil war in Syria , which has claimed nearly 40,000 lives . M23 's murderous campaigns to besiege Congo 's eastern mineral-rich provinces of North and South Kivu have left over 200,000 people in terrible conditions , killed countless and ushered in a dire humanitarian transgression . The Rwandan government has been accused by the United Nations of backing M23 by providing it with arms , support and soldiers , but Rwanda 's President , Paul Kagame , has denied the allegation . The question here is not whether the human suffering in Congo deserves more media coverage because it is greater than that in Syria or Gaza , but rather , why has the crisis in Syria or Gaza qualified for extensive media coverage , but not the killing and raping industries in Congo ? I doubt that this is because of a shortage of sobering imagery of Congo 's killing fields or a lack of first-hand testimonies from survivors , or a lack of human rights and humanitarian reports and assessments of the situation . Is it due to the geographical or cultural distance between London or Washington and Congo ? Or are Western media just reluctant , if not uninterested , to cover it because no Western interests or ally is endangered by it ? Would the coverage the situation in Congo receives be the same if it was happening in Europe or if Congo spoke English rather than French ? What if Robert Mugabe of Zimbabwe or his disciples were implicated in funding murderous militia gangs in Congo ? Or if the killing was between black Africans and Arabs ? Or if minerals funding Congo 's killing and raping industries benefited the East more than the West ? But as an activist , I believe that the editors of news organizations such as CNN , Al Jazeera and the BBC must flood the airwaves with vivid images and news stories on the human sufferings in Congo . Newspapers such the Guardian , in the UK , and the New York Times must drumbeat front-page news stories on the wars and human tragedy engulfing that country . Unless they tip that balance a little and force policy makers in Washington and internationally to pay more attention and act , the killing , raping and looting that have thus far claimed over 5.4 million Congolese lives , and continue to leave 1,100 women raped every single day , could continue to unfold undetected by the camera lenses of Western media and excluded from Western political agenda . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Vava Tampa .	Vava Tampa : Why does crisis in Syria get extensive media coverage , but not the killing in Congo ? M23 is the newest militia gang terrorizing the local population Conflicts in DR Congo estimated to have claimed more than 5.4 million lives
