CNN  -- Golf is a sport where concentration and the ability to perform under pressure is key . So how was Webb Simpson feeling during Sunday 's final round of the U.S. Open , knowing he was within touching distance of winning his first major title ? "  I could n't really feel my hands or my legs , " the 26-year-old told CNN after carding 68 in each of the two final rounds to finish one over par at San Francisco 's Olympic Club . "  My legs felt like they were a couple of hundred pounds each ... It was very nerve-wracking . " But the new world No. 5 put together a run of four birdies in six holes in the middle of his final round to move above overnight leaders Graeme McDowell , who missed a 25-foot putt at the 18th to force a playoff , and fellow American Jim Furyk . "  I 'm pretty excited , I 'm pretty worn out , " he said , after clinching the third PGA Tour title of his four-year career and taking home the $ 1.44 million first prize . "  It 's such a long week , such a grueling week on your mind , and this place is hard to walk . So physically it 's a tough week as well . "  But I could n't have imagined I 'd be U.S. Open champion this early in my career . I did n't expect that it would come this quickly . One thing I 've always done is I 've never put limits on what can happen with this game . " The North Carolina native , who tied for 14th at Congressional last year in his only previous U.S. Open appearance , is hoping to capitalize on the run of form which has propelled him to one of golf 's four biggest prizes . "  You can get on runs out here , you wins and your good play comes in bunches . I want to take advantage of that . One thing I pride myself in is remembering how I got here and remembering what makes me tick as a golfer , " he said . "  So win or lose I 'm trying to get better , and that 's what I 've been trying to do for the last couple of years . " Simpson said the continued shouts from the crowds gathered on the Lake Course kept him guessing on a foggy day in California . "  This week I felt like they were especially great . I looked at my caddy on 14 and asked him , ` Are the crowds are lot louder today ? ' because it seemed like we were hearing roars every few minutes , " he said . "  It was so fun to play in an atmosphere like that . The famous 18th hole , coming down the hill and going back up to the clubhouse , is probably the coolest finish I can imagine in golf . " Despite becoming the third consecutive American winner of a major -- following on from Bubba Watson at the Masters and Keegan Bradley at the PGA Championship -- and the 15th different major winner in a row , Simpson 's participation at next month 's British Open is in doubt . He and his wife Dowd are awaiting the birth of their second child , and Simpson is looking forward to sharing his tale of Father 's Day glory with his children in the years to come . "  I got to talk to my dad and I told him , ` Happy Father 's Day , ' and he said it was a pretty good Father 's Day present for him . It 's a fun memory that I ca n't wait to share with my son one day . "	Webb Simpson says his hands and legs were shaking during U.S. Open final round The American finished one over par to win his first major title at Olympic Club He is the 15th different major winner in a row , and the third consecutive American Simpson may miss the British Open due to the imminent birth of his second child
NEW YORK  CNN  -- The governors of Massachusetts and New Hampshire declared states of emergency Friday after high winds , rain and snow swept through the Northeast , leaving at least a million homes and businesses without power . iReporter Candy Novoa says she woke up Friday to find a tree branch lying across her neighbor 's car . The National Weather Service said sleet and snow , along with more than half an inch of ice that accumulated on roads in some areas , had made driving treacherous . In Massachusetts , work crews struggled to clear the debris because the powerful storm left roads and bridges covered in ice . Gov. Deval Patrick told WCVB-TV in Boston it would be optimistic to think power would be restored by Monday . "  This is not going to be a couple of hours , " Patrick said . "  It 's likely to be several days . " Patrick mobilized 500 National Guardsmen to help clear roads , WCVB-TV reported . Utility company National Grid reported that nearly 300,000 homes and businesses in Massachusetts were without power . Schools were closed across the state , as authorities warned ice-laden branches could snap and down power lines "  This is a serious storm , " John Maserjian , a spokesman for Central Hudson Gas & Electric in upstate New York , told CNN . "  We have contended with worse storms in past years , but this is among the worst . " In New Hampshire , more than 300,000 residents had no electricity , CNN affiliate WMUR in Manchester said , citing reports from four of the state 's utility companies . The station reported that fire departments across the state were scrambling to respond to reports of transformer explosions , downed power lines and utility poles , as well as burning and felled trees . The New Hampshire state fire marshal 's office told WMUR a 49-year-old man died during the ice storm . WMUR reported a 49-year-old man died from carbon monoxide poisoning while trying to heat his camper using a generator . Gov. John Lynch declared a state of emergency and issued a statement , saying , "  With rain expected to continue and temperatures expected to drop as the day progresses it is important that the state has all its resources available to manage this situation . " Amtrak train service between Albany , New York , and New York City was suspended Friday morning , as was service between Portland , Maine , and Boston , Massachusetts . Ice and wind caused tree limbs to clutter the tracks and work crews could not clear them . Amtrak said it hoped to have service restored by Friday evening rush hour . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning Friday morning , saying that increasing winds and significant amounts of snow and sleet were expected . The deteriorating conditions could result in further damage to trees and power lines , the weather service said . Central Maine Power had 220,000 homes and businesses without electricity , spokesman John Carroll said Friday afternoon . In upstate New York , two utility companies reported that more than 200,000 customers were without power More than 50,000 Central Hudson Gas & Electric customers in the Hudson River Valley were without power early Friday afternoon , said Denise VanBuren , a spokeswoman for the utility . Mutual aid crews in neighboring areas are spread thin , VanBuren said , so utility officials are requesting help from out-of-state crews , meaning power is not likely to be restored until Sunday or Monday . National Grid in New York reported more than 185,000 customers lost power in 23 counties . The company also had 22,000 customers in New Hampshire and 6,000 in Rhode Island without power . Residents also were having to contend with floods caused by excessive rainfall and blocked storm drains . The power outages raised concerns about the health of senior citizens in Holden , Massachusetts , and Goffstown , New Hampshire . Medical crews in Goffstown evacuated the Villager Nursing Home after the facility lost power . Residents were moved to a nearby middle school , WMUR reported . In Holden , senior citizens requiring oxygen were transported to a local hospital or a makeshift shelter at the town 's senior center , according to WCVB . "  Stay home if you live in Holden . Do n't come to Holden if you work here , " Holden Fire Chief Jack Chandler told WCVB . Friday 's weather service forecast called for continued snow showers and temperatures below freezing across the Northeast . Snow accumulations of 1 to 3 inches were expected .	NEW : At least 1 million without power across four northeastern states Massachusetts governor tells station it could be days before power is restored New Hampshire firefighters responding to exploding transformers , station says Authorities move seniors to safety in Massachusetts , New Hampshire towns
CNN  -- Ferocious rain has caused heavy flooding in the Philippine capital and the surrounding region , killing at least seven people , driving tens of thousands of others from their homes and bringing life in many areas to a standstill . The national weather agency , Pagasa , issued a red alert for the Manila metropolitan area and nearby provinces on Tuesday morning , warning that "  severe flooding is expected . " The torrential monsoon rains , intensified by a tropical storm out over the ocean , had already caused significant disruption on Monday , forcing the closure of financial markets and government offices not involved in the emergency response . Those measures continued Tuesday as photos and videos showed flood waters reaching waist or chest deep on some roads in the Manila region . iReport : Flooding clogs streets of Manila The water at several dams in the region is reaching a critical level , the National Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council said in a statement . The disaster council reported that seven people had so far died as a result of the rain and floods , most of them by drowning . The deaths occurred across various provinces on the main Philippine island of Luzon . More than 130,000 people have had to leave their homes and seek shelter with friends and relatives or in evacuation centers , the council said . The floods also prompted airlines to cancel flights and authorities to suspend school classes . Seventy percent of central Manila was flooded on Tuesday morning , the official Philippines News Agency reported , citing Johny Yu , officer in charge of the Manila Disaster Risk Reduction and Management Council . The pouring rain and rising water are grimly familiar to the Manila metropolitan region 's 12 million residents , as August is generally the area 's wettest month . Severe flooding in the region a year ago , also caused by monsoon rains , killed scores of people . Oil spill from sunken ferry in Philippines hurts coastline , fishermen Death toll rises in ferry disaster CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	The national weather agency issues a red alert for the Manila area Seven people have died and tens of thousands have fled their homes The flooding has closed schools , government offices and financial markets 70 % of central Manila is under water , the national news agency reports
CNN  A selfie taken by a homicide suspect posing with his alleged victim and later posted to the social media site Snapchat "  was a key piece of evidence that led investigators to the defendant , " John Peck , district attorney for Westmoreland County , Pennsylvania , said Monday . The photo shows the victim , 16-year old Ryan Mangan , sitting in a chair with a gunshot wound to his face , according to police documents . A male taking the photo faces the camera with the victim behind him . According to the criminal complaint , Mangan was found dead by his mother last Wednesday after he was shot in the face inside his home . When police searched the home , they found a 9 mm shell casing but no firearm . A couple of days after Mangan 's body was discovered , police received a call from a mother whose son received a Snapchat photo from the suspect , 16 . The photo had the suspect 's first name across the top , and it matched the description of the crime scene . Peck says authorities plan to charge the suspect as an adult . CNN is not naming him because he is a minor and has not yet been formally charged . The mother said her son also received messages from the suspect that said , "  Told you I cleaned up the shells " and "  Ryan was not the last one . " Authorities executed a search warrant at the suspect 's home , where they found a 9 mm handgun in the basement hidden under the steps . Police say he confessed to using the firearm to shoot Mangan in the face and leaving him in his room . He is accused of homicide and a firearms count . A preliminary hearing for the suspect has been scheduled for February 19 . CNN 's Karan Olson contributed to this report .	Ryan Mangan was found dead in his home last Wednesday Police say a homicide suspect snapped a selfie with Mangan and posted it to Snapchat A 16-year-old will be charged with homicide and illegal possession of a firearm
CNN  -- Instead of opining on the proposed deal with Iran taking shape in Geneva , let 's decode it . From the reported outline of the proposal , we learn four things : 1  Iran remains intensely committed to achieving a nuclear weapon . Iran 's new president , Hassan Rouhani , promised his countrymen relief from international sanctions . Since coming into office this summer , he has made various conciliatory noises . Was he readying Iran for a real deal ? The message of Geneva is : No , no real deal . Iran 's red line at Geneva , the thing it would not trade away , was a capacity to continue and resume nuclear bomb development at any time . Iran 's offer at Geneva amounted to a six-month delay of its nuclear program that will not in any way impair its ability to get back to bomb-making at any time . Iran wo n't neutralize or surrender any of its fissile material ; that is , material used to fuel reactorsâ $ " or nuclear bombs . It wo n't disable any of its nuclear facilities . It will only pause . Economists use the phrase "  revealed preference " to describe the way in which our actions indicate our priorities . Iran 's priority remains gaining a weapon ; post-Geneva , there can be no doubt about that . 2  The Iranian economy has collapsed into desperate condition . At Geneva , Iran gained a promise of the potential release of $ 3 billion in frozen international reserves and the right to import potentially up to $ 9.5 billion of gold . For a major oil producing nation , these should be petty sums .  Iraq 's oil revenues amounted to about $ 7 billion per month in 2013 . Iran itself holds title to an estimated $ 80 billion of international reserves . The Kirk-Menendez sanctions passed by Congress at the end of last year , then reluctantly accepted by the Obama administration , have effectively denied Iran the use of these funds . Any bank anywhere in the world that deals with Iran will be cut off from the international payments system . If Iran earns $ 1 billion inside a sanctions-busting country , it must either buy goods worth $ 1 billion inside that country or else find a way to physically move that much cash -- assuming the sanctions-busting country has that much physical cash , which few do .  A billion dollars in cash would fill all the carrying space on a large truck . A study conducted for the Foundation for the Defense of Democracies by Roubini Global Economics estimates that Iran 's actual on-hand , accessible foreign reserves have dwindled below $ 20 billion , and maybe further . This amount could cover only three months worth of minimally essential imports , a level that would normally be considered a warning of crisis ahead . In Iran 's case , however , the crisis has already arrived . In just the past two years , the rial has plunged from 10,800 to the dollar to about 32,000 to the dollar . Prices have soared , and goods have vanished from Iran 's shelves . By any usual definition of the word "  desperate , " Iran desperately needs a deal on its nuclear program . If Iran still wo n't yield , that is one more confirmation of point 1 . 3  The Obama administration wants an Iranian nuclear deal more than Iran does . By most reports , it was the United States that came to Geneva armed with proposals , and Iran that did most of the refusing . As Eli Lake and Josh Rogin reported in the Daily Beast last week , the Obama administration began relaxing sanctions simply to get talks started . Iran , by contrast , has offered no such concessions to the United States . Since the breakdown of the talks last week , Iran has insisted on its willingness to walk away if it does not gain a deal to its liking . Secretary of State John Kerry - by contrast again - has blitzed the media , defending the agreement as better than nothing at all . Iran is the country more willing to live with the failure of the talks . Its worst-case scenario at Geneva is more sanctions , more economic privation , more public discontent , and more need for political repression . This last is not an outcome that need frighten the regime very much : The mullahs crushed protests in 2003 and 2009 and there 's no reason to doubt that they can crush any future protest equally effectively . The Obama administration seems much more frightened of its worst-case outcome : the need to use military force to stop the Iranian nuclear program . Compared with that scenario , it seems to prefer any deal , no matter how flimsy or one-sided . And the Iranians seem to understand that preference . 4  America 's allies are not deferring to American leadership on this one . It 's not only France that has rebelled against the outlined deal in Geneva . Israel is protesting vocally and publicly ; America 's Gulf Arab allies are protesting less publicly , but nearly equally vocally . On "  Meet the Press " on Sunday , Kerry insisted that there was "  zero gap " between the United States and its regional allies . Then he immediately got on a plane to the United Arab Emirates on Sunday , presumably to try to upgrade his Sunday talk-show words into something closer to reality . Just in case , though , the UAE will also be buying $ 4 billion worth of U.S. munitions -- its own private line of defense against a threatening Iran and the turmoil that will ensue if America 's deal-at-all-costs mentality compels Israel to strike Iran on its own . As of today , you have to guess that it 's that latter scenario that looks like the most likely outcome of American over-eagerness . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	David Frum says no real deal with Iran came out of Geneva Iran still wants a nuclear weapon , he says United States is more interested in a deal than Iran , Frum says
CNN  A sweat-smothered man in a wide-brimmed hat , knee-high leather boots and a khaki uniform machetes his way through lush jungle foliage . As thick tangles of vine fall beneath his blade , he pushes into a clearing , then suddenly staggers back . The fanged mouth of a primordial stone beast gapes toward him . Before him rise the crumbled ruins of an enormous portal of rock , black with age but with a colossal grandeur not yet lost -- a fine example of what archaeologists call a "  zoomorphic portal " or , more popularly , a "  monster mouth gate . " What was once the gateway to an ancient Mayan city , built circa 700 AD and mysteriously abandoned four centuries later , stands before him . He has found the lost city of Lagunita . Now that the planet has been mapped , circumnavigated , measured and tagged in every way imaginable , the age of explorers discovering new worlds seems a quaint memory . But there are still adventurers exploring forgotten corners of the globe , and some find astonishing things . One such explorer , part Indiana Jones , part Magellan , is Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc . The sprightly Šprajc wears the weathered face of a man who has spent much of his 60 years beneath a hot sun at excavations , or hacking his way through dense jungle . He has been the first to see ancient pyramids , 30 meters high , that he spotted in aerial photographs from his office among the Baroque Mitteleuropean cobbled streets of Ljubljana , Slovenia , some 10,000 kilometers away . But in terms of the thrill of discovery , it does n't get any better than his encounter with Lagunita 's monster portal . What does it feel like to find a lost city ? "  It 's a victory , " says Šprajc , "  especially when the efforts are long . On several occasions we 've had two , three weeks of just cutting through the bush to get to some location , without knowing what we would find . When we get to the site it feels like a big victory , like we 've done it . If it had been easy , then other people would have done it already . " Since 1996 , he and his team have discovered more than 80 ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico , few of which the modern world had known before . But how can an entire city , which once may have been home to tens of thousands , simply vanish ? Šprajc explains that the region in which he has found such riches had gone unexplored because it 's so inaccessible : "  It 's so hard to get there . It 's a biosphere , a protected natural area that has never been densely populated since the collapse of the Classical Mayans , for the past thousand years or so . " When a primal jungle is allowed to grow rampant for centuries , it can indeed swallow entire cities . But just why so many settlements were simply abandoned , long before the arrival of the Spanish conquistadors , remains a mystery to which these long lost sites may provide an answer . "  Ninety-nine percent of settlements in the central and southern lowlands of the Yucatan peninsula were abandoned in a matter of 200 years . By 1000 AD , practically everything was abandoned . That was the situation when the Spaniards came . But not so in the northern section of the peninsula and the Guatemala highlands , where there was no rupture until the arrival of the Spaniards . " So what happened in that enormous area that led to this mass evacuation ? "  Nobody knows the exact sequence of events , but it was definitely a combination of droughts , climate change ,  and  overpopulation , but other things must have come as consequences : devastating raids and wars among the Mayan states , which resembled the constantly battling ancient Greek city-states . "  In this Late Classical period , wars intensified with devastating consequences , for if one city-state was destroyed or overcome , it had a ripple effect on trade networks . It was a sort of globalized Mayan world . " To learn more would require extensive , time-consuming surveys of each site , which is a different sort of fieldwork than Šprajc likes to practice . His team will map what appears to be the core of a settlement , but there simply is n't time or manpower to map it all , so hundreds of structures are left for others to survey and excavate . The adrenaline of the treasure hunt is what drives Šprajc , the "  Eureka " moment when he finds the buried treasure . He is not in the least proprietary about what he discovers , preferring to let other research teams dive in to the sites he has found to slowly excavate , catalogue and analyze what he finds . " -LSB- This extensive mapping -RSB- is not our job . We are taking the first step into an unknown area . " Šprajc is a throwback to the great 19th century explorers -- a dying breed as the world becomes smaller and science bleaches out its mysteries . But in the heat of the jungle , science can only get you so far . Intrepid spirit , calloused palms , sweat , blood and patience are more important than gadgetry . As Šprajc likes to say , "  We can survive without computers , but not without machetes . " Noah Charney is a professor of art history and best-selling author . He teaches a Guardian Masterclass called "  How to write about art . "	Slovenian archaeologist Ivan Šprajc discovers ancient Mayan cities in the jungles of Mexico His discoveries could help explain why so many Mayan cities were abandoned before the arrival of the Spaniards
CNN  -- A crew member on a U.S.-flagged cargo ship captured by pirates off the coast of Somalia is suing his employers , claiming they sent him into pirate-infested waters without adequate protection , his attorney said Monday . Abduwali Abdukhadir Muse has been charged with piracy in federal court in New York . Richard Hicks of Royal Palm Beach , Florida , a crew member on the Maersk Alabama , filed suit Monday against Waterman Steamship Corp. and Maersk Line Limited , according to the attorney , Terry Bryant . A spokeswoman for Mobile , Alabama-based Waterman Steamship Corp. said she did not know about the suit and did not immediately comment . A spokeswoman for Maersk Line Limited did not immediately return a call from CNN seeking comment . The Maersk Alabama was hijacked by pirates April 8 . Hicks , working as chief steward and preparing food for other crew members , heard over the loudspeaker that pirates were on board , and he and other crew members gathered in the ship 's engine room for nearly 12 hours , according to a news release from Bryant . "  The engine room was dark and hot , maybe 130 degrees , " Hicks said in the news release . "  We were all cramping up with heat stroke symptoms when we were able to take a pirate hostage and tried to negotiate the return of our captain . " The pirates promised to exchange Capt. Richard Phillips for the pirate hostage , but reneged on that agreement , the news release . Phillips offered himself as a hostage in exchange for the freedom of his crew . He was held on a lifeboat until U.S. Navy snipers on a nearby ship fatally shot three pirates , rescued Phillips and arrested a fourth pirate . The ship 's owners -- the two companies -- knowingly exposed their employees to danger and took no steps to provide appropriate security and safety for the crew , Bryant alleges . "  Waterman Steamship Corp. and Maersk Line Limited chose to rely on the United States military and taxpayers to provide after-the-fact rescue operations , " Bryant said in the news release . "  This choice caused substantially more cost and risk to human life than what would have been incurred by defendants had they provided appropriate levels of security in the first place . " Hicks is seeking at least $ 75,000 , and "  reserves the right to amend this pleading for a certain amount in the future , as it is too early to determine the maximum amount of plaintiff 's damages , " according to the suit . Hicks is still suffering from injuries as a result of the incident and is afraid to return to work , the news release said .	Suit alleges crew sent into pirate-infested waters without protection Representatives of ship 's owners have yet to comment Maersk Alabama was hijacked by pirates April 8 Plaintiff Richard Hicks , of Royal Palm Beach , Florida , was the ship 's steward
CNN  Thomas Muller might be a World Cup winner with Germany but at home he has a different title : managing director of carrots . That 's because his wife , Lisa , is an aspiring dressage rider with her own designs on conquering the sport she loves . And the hours they spend at stables just outside Munich seem to be paying dividends , Lisa picking up her first title at national level over the weekend . While the 25-year-old hones her craft in the world of prancing horses , Thomas takes a keen interest in breeding , as well as reveling in the solitude of an environment that is a stratosphere away from the pressurized spotlight he is used to . "  I come here to watch if everything 's fine , " he told CNN in the couple 's first joint television interview . "  And for the carrots . I 'm the managing director of carrots ! I watch the dogs . Sometimes I help a little bit but it 's her business . "  I enjoy it a lot . They make me feel comfortable , the attitude and what they look like and -LSB- the way they -RSB- live their lives . It 's fun . It 's easy to relax around horses . " At 25 , Muller is as decorated in the world of soccer as they come . He has a glut of domestic trophies , including three German Bundesliga titles , and claimed the European Champions League and FIFA Club World Cup crowns with Bayern Munich in 2013 . Last year in Brazil he landed the ultimate prize when Germany powered its way to a first World Cup triumph since 1990 , memorably beating hosts Brazil 7-1 in the semis before edging past Argentina in the final . But you wo n't hear much talk of that landmark moment in Muller 's career around the stables . "  He 's interested in horses so when we are together we talk about horses and not really about football , " Lisa explained . "  He knows more about horses than I know about football . " While Muller has enjoyed overwhelming success at an early stage in his career , Lisa 's path is a more arduous and exhaustive one . Though she has been riding horses since her Granddad introduced her to the sport aged four , it takes time to build a strong bond with a horse in dressage . And though her recent victory at the Grand Prix in the Bavarian town of Kreuth shows she is clearly in tune with her horse Birkhofs Dave , Lisa says her learning curve is a lengthy one . "  You have to do eight years to learn everything but then you still do n't know everything . You always keep learning , " she said . "  It 's not like other sports , you always train yourself , you have to get a harmony between the horse and yourself . "  It has its own mind , its own feelings . You have to become a team and that 's why it takes so much time . Every horse is different so you have to feel it . "  I want to get better and better . Maybe at some point I will be very good , that 's my dream . -LSB- The Olympics -RSB- would be a dream . "  I think for every sportsman it 's a dream and you want to reach it but just a few people can reach it . Maybe , maybe not . " According to Lisa 's coach , Götz Brinkmann , that is a distinct possibility . Last year 's qualification for the prestigious Piaff-Förderpreis -- a national series for riders aged 25 or below -- underlined her potential . "  I 've never had a student that developed that fast no matter what horses they had , " Brinkmann told CNN . "  She 's got the will and she 's got the talent and she does n't stop . She keeps on working . And not so many riders have the ability and that makes her fortunate in a way . "  I think she 'll be able to be successful on an international level for sure . " Muller is of the same opinion . Though he is forbidden from riding himself -- to prevent sustaining an injuries that might impact on his football career -- he has taken a keen interest in the relationship between his wife and Birkhofs Dave . Both the couple 's disciplines rely on a high skill level , but also strong communication , and though the competition is fierce , Muller has high hopes for the pair . "  The potential is there , " he said . "  He 's our best talent I think and the number one in our stable and for Lisa . "  But it 's no guarantee for success because in Germany there 's a lot of opponents . A lot of good riders and a lot of good other horses . Like in football . "  She has no pressure . I want that she 's happy with the horses , with the work and with the competitions . But it 's not easy . "  It 's very tough to get up in Germany in the dressage sport . She needs time to develop her quality . We 're on a good way and we need to go for it . " Muller can also see parallels in the way some horses with potential develop into thoroughbreds , whether in racing or dressage circles , while some fall by the wayside . "  There are some talents and they grow up and go to the top , " he said . "  And some talents do n't get to the top . "  It 's interesting to watch , the development of the different horses from when they come to the stable and when they leave . But he -LSB- Birkhofs Dave -RSB- stays for sure . " Muller has his own sideline at the stables too -- breeding . "  Breeding is a little bit for fun , " he explained . "  For sure I want to breed the best horse I can . But it 's difficult and a bit of luck . But I try my best to optimize . "  My dream is one day that Lisa rides a horse that I bred . But that 's a long way to go . " Though she often goes to watch Thomas play at Bayern Munich 's home stadium -- the Allianz Arena -- Lisa does n't even remotely fit the WAG stereotype . The wives and girlfriends of high-profile footballers are often portrayed as carefully manicured , fashion-obsessed shopaholics -- an image cultivated by the tabloid newspapers . But Lisa , who chose not to travel with Thomas to the World Cup in Brazil last year , has not one scrap of jealousy when it comes to the superstar treatment her famous husband gets . "  I do n't , " she said . "  You have the bad sides also . Everyone comes and wants to get a photo , a selfie or an autograph . That would be too much . I ca n't do that like Thomas can do it . "  He 's so easy going . And I want to do my horses by myself . I can groom them the best , I can ride them the best and I love them the most . "  They 're my partner , my brother . I can tell them every problem . They 're the most important part in my life . " This statement provoked a laugh from her husband : "  I have already accepted it , " he joked . "  Maybe I 'm number five . But it 's OK . "	Wife of Bayern Munich Germany star Thomas Muller is an aspiring dressage rider Lisa Muller recently won her first title at national level on board Birkhofs Dave The 25-year-old trains at stables just outside Munich where she has eight horses Thomas has host of titles with Bayern and won the World Cup with Germany in 2014
CNN  Comic books of the past few years have seen a lot of changes  a female Thor , anyone ?  but not quite so many at one time . Three major characters -- Superman , Wonder Woman  both of DC Comics , a Time Warner company , like CNN  and Archie Andrews -- came out with new looks  and costumes in two cases  Thursday . Superman and Wonder Woman are no stranger to change over time , but these are pretty different from what we 're used to . Wonder Woman is back to wearing pants  similar to her style circa 2010 , not to mention a brief time in the 1970s  along with something of a turtleneck and body armor . Superman looks the most casual that we 've ever seen him , simply in a t-shirt and jeans , and decidedly shorter hair . He also looks like someone you might not want to come across in a dark alley . As for Archie  who never really died , by the way  , he 's getting ready for his promised TV show by debuting a modern look -- one that makes it much easier to see why Betty and Veronica have been fighting for his affections all of these years . It 's been a whirlwind time for comic book fans , and there will be a lot to get used to .	Superman , Wonder Woman and Archie all debuted new looks Thursday Three of the most well-known comic book characters of all time look radically different
Seven-time grand slam winner Venus Williams has pulled out of the forthcoming Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto with a viral illness . The American was due to face Serb Ana Ivanovic in a first round clash on Tuesday , but will now be replaced in the draw by Chinese qualifier Zhang Shuai . The extra berth created by the 31-year-old Williams ' withdrawal has been given to Spain 's Lourdes Dominguez Lino . "  I was really excited to play Toronto , " world number 34 Williams told the tournament 's official web site . "  I came here ready to go and was practicing . I was n't feeling very well and had to see the doctor today . I was diagnosed with a viral illness and unfortunately am unable to play . I am extremely disappointed . I 'm very sorry to the fans and tournament . " Williams has struggled with injury in recent years and has not played competitively since Wimbledon in June and July . Her last WTA Tour title came at the Dubai Tennis Championships in February 2010 . Despite Williams pulling out of the event , the Rexall Centre tournament still boasts a top-level field including world number one Caroline Wozniacki , the number two ranked Kim Clijsters and Venus ' sister Serena . Elsewhere , Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska upset the odds to beat top seed Vera Zvonareva in the final of the WTA tournament in Carlsbad , California . Radwanska , a beaten finalist at the same event in 2010 , scored a 6-3 6-4 win to defeat world number three Zvonareva for the first time in her career and land her fifth WTA Tour title . "  I really wanted to win this tournament , " the world number 12 told the WTA 's web site . "  So I was really focused from the beginning . Winning a tournament with a lot of great matches against top players is very special . "  Last year I came pretty close , and even if I lost today , I would have been happy to be in the final again . But to take the title is better , of course - I had that in the back of my mind . "	Venus Williams pulls out of Rogers Cup tournament in Toronto with illness Williams was due to face Ana Ivanovic in first round in Canada Agnieszka Radwanska beats Vera Zvonareva in Carlsbad final
CNN  -- In the early morning hours of New Year 's Day 2009 , a gunshot rang out that resonated around the country . At 22 , Bay Area resident Oscar Grant was fatally shot by a transit police officer at the Fruitvale train station in Oakland , California , after being detained with other passengers on the platform following reports of a fight . Grant was unarmed , and the incident sparked waves of protests in the months that followed . The incident is chronicled in "  Fruitvale Station , " an independent film , scheduled for release on July 12 , that tells the story of the last day of Grant 's life . For the film 's first-time director , Ryan Coogler , the motivation to tell "  Fruitvale Station " was deeply personal . "  If Oscar were alive today , he 'd be the same age as me right now , he 'd be 27 , " Coogler , who grew up in the Bay Area , told CNN at the movie 's New York premiere . "  When it happened , it really affected me . That 's also something that I deal with on a day-to-day basis , losing friends to gun violence . I 've seen lives cut short too soon . " He adds , "  What gets glossed over is that we 're human beings too , like everybody else , young African-American males . Our humanity can often be found in our relationships with the people who are closest to us , and those relations are n't often shown in headlines and whatever types of media you see us portrayed in . I hope the people can see a little bit of themselves in the character if they sit down and watch the film , and have a little bit of insight . " Court upholds conviction in California subway shooting The issue of young lives being cut off violently and unnecessarily early is what drew notable cast members Michael B. Jordan and Octavia Spencer to the film . Jordan can easily recall the 2009 Fruitvale station shooting , and he told CNN he feels a sense of responsibility to revive Grant 's legacy . "  The opportunity for me to play Oscar Grant , I mean I just had to jump at it . I felt a serious responsibility to play that role , " Jordan said . "  Especially for the family , knowing one day his daughter 's going to watch this movie , and his mom , and the rest of his family and friends . I just want to do him justice . " To Spencer , the story of Grant 's death is representative of an ongoing societal problem . "  Sadly ,  this is  very topical ... we 're losing way too many young men of color to this type of violence , " she told CNN , comparing the case to the more recent Trayvon Martin shooting in February 2012 . "  And then of course there 's urban violence ; so we have to start somewhere with the conversation . " To the Oscar-winner , the root of the problem lies in a lack of understanding between people of different races and backgrounds . The solution to curbing the violence , she believes , is in increased awareness and understanding . "  It actually starts with the individual . What is your response when you see someone different ? " she said . "  Your inner dialogue has to change , my inner dialogue has to change . " Bay Area transit officers cleared in civil rights trial Spencer reportedly donated and raised money for "  Fruitvale Station " when the film hit a funding plateau . The movie debuted at the 2013 Sundance Film Festival , where it won the Grand Jury Prize and the Audience Award for U.S. dramatic film . It went on to win the award for Best First Film at the Cannes Film Festival . "  I think when people see this film , they will see that all of these young men are ... they 're human lives being lost , " Spencer said . "  Once we can see people as human beings , I think maybe these incidents will be less likely to occur . " San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit : Fast Facts	New director Ryan Coogler chronicles the death of Oscar Grant in "  Fruitvale " Grant was a 22-year-old Bay Area resident who was fatally shot in 2009 Coogler : "  When it happened it really affected me "
CNN  Whitney Houston 's daughter Bobbi Kristina Brown was placed in a medically induced coma Saturday after being found facedown and unresponsive in a bathtub full of water , a source close to the family has told CNN legal analyst Sunny Hostin . Brown , 21 , "  was not breathing " when a man identified as her husband and a friend found her at about 10:25 a.m. inside her townhouse in Roswell , Georgia , said police in the Atlanta suburb . They called 911 and performed CPR until public safety officers arrived and took over , said police spokeswoman Lisa Holland . Brown was taken to North Fulton Hospital , where "  she is still alive and breathing . Other than that , I do n't know her condition , " Holland said Saturday afternoon at a press briefing . Nobody knows what caused Brown 's unresponsiveness , Holland said , but police consider it a medical incident at this time . She said investigators had found nothing to indicate it was drug - or alcohol-related . Police had been to the residence recently . Somebody reported a fight there January 23 , but nobody answered the door and officers found no evidence of an altercation , Holland told CNN . The police spokeswoman noted one oddity in the case : "  Her mother died in the very same manner . " It was three years ago February 11 that Brown 's mother , renowned singer Whitney Houston , was found dead -- in a bathtub -- in The Beverly Hilton , hours before she was to attend a pre-Grammys bash there . An autopsy later revealed that she 'd drowned facedown in "  extremely hot water " about 12 inches deep . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled it an accidental drowning with the "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " being contributing factors . Brown is her only child . "  She encourages me and inspires me , " Houston once said of her daughter . "  When I look at her eyes and I see myself , I go , ` Okay . I can do this . I can do this . ' " Brown was born in 1993 during Houston 's marriage to R&B singer Bobby Brown , which ended in divorce in 2007 . The daughter of music royalty became a public figure during the mid-2000s reality show "  Being Bobby Brown , " in which she frequently appeared alongside her parents and often had a front-row seat to their marital fireworks . Mother and daughter even performed together on national TV in 2009 , when the two sang "  My Love Is Your Love " in Central Park on ABC 's "  Good Morning America . " Given the pair 's close relationship , it 's no surprise that Houston 's death was a major blow . Days after her mother 's body was found , a grieving Bobbi Kristina -- then 18 -- was taken to Cedars-Sinai Medical Center because she was "  overwhelmed , " family friend Kim Burrell said . "  She loves hard , " Burrell said then of Bobbi Kristina . "  She 's going to be OK , and we 're going to see to it . " Brown appeared on episodes of Lifetime 's brief reality show "  The Houstons : On Our Own , " which followed life for the family after Houston 's death . One of that reality show 's storylines revolved around Brown 's relationship with Nick Gordon , who lived with Houston and her daughter from the age of 12 . Months later , Brown reportedly got engaged to Gordon . And in January 2014 , she tweeted out a picture of wedding rings , presumably belonging to her and Gordon , along with the words , #HappilyMarriedâ $ cents SO #Inlove . "	Bobbi Kristina Brown has been placed in a medically induced coma , a source says Daughter of singer Whitney Houston was found in a bathtub full of water , police say Her mother died after being found in a tub at a California hotel in 2012
CNN  Uber 's route to the top has been pockmarked with scandal , from its acrobatic approach to transport regulations to the alleged misogyny of CEO Travis Kalanick . But fresh claims that the company puts journalists and users under surveillance , and appropriates their data , could pose an existential threat . The taxi-disrupting service has faced a severe backlash , with analysts and bloggers excoriating the company culture , and the viral campaign #deleteuber thriving across social platforms . In response to the battering , the "  most arrogant startup in Silicon Valley " has been forced onto the defensive . Representatives are emphasizing customer care and community values at the heart of their mission , breaking with their ruthless image . But if bad publicity has darkened Uber 's name it has not damaged its performance . After its latest round of funding , the company is valued at around $ 40 billion , and the service has expanded its availability from 60 cities in 2013 to over 200 today . "  At this point it 's a reputation crisis but is not specific to the job they are doing , " says Dr. Audra Diers-Lawson , a specialist in crisis management at the University of Manchester . "  The reason Uber is still growing is that people still view them as a good service . If there was a problem with the rides we would see a much more immediate effect . " Audra compares the situation with BP 's plummeting stock in the wake of the Gulf of Mexico spill -- "  a material crisis , related to their primary function " -- that is still depressing the company 's performance several years later . Uber 's crisis is far from unique . In a digital age , reputation has never been harder to safeguard . "  Social media has made the world more transparent so bad news travels faster and spreads further , " says Jonathan Hemus , founder of reputation management company Insignia Communications . "  I would say reputation risk is higher than ever before . " Given the volume of online opinion , much of it from anonymous critics that could be trolls or competitors in disguise , companies need not always take heed of it . "  Sometimes its better to let it go away , " says Justin Fox , executive editor of the Harvard Business Review . "  Large , established organizations can ignore petty complaints but must decide who to pay attention to . Every company checks the Klout of its critics . " In some cases , companies have chosen to court controversy and prospered , such as with Ryanair and its combative Chief Executive Michael O ' Leary who has often seemed to relish confrontation but posted record profits nonetheless . "  It seems negative but is consistent with the image they want , " says Fox . Even spats over charging customers for water or toilet use is "  still spreading the message ` we are really cheap ' . " A bad reputation can be a blessing says Noel Biderman , CEO of Ashley Madison , a matchmaking service for married people that is thriving despite more opprobrium than Uber has yet faced . The self-styled "  King of Infidelity " empathizes with their situation . "  If you 're a disruptive business shaking up an existing paradigm you know you will get flak , and you need to have your story straight . Ours is about shifting values in society and in people 's behavior . " "  Actors from mainstream TV shows are often told ` go and create controversy , let people see your flaws . ' It gives them an edge . It can be the same for a company . " A pristine reputation may also be of lesser importance to larger brands , that are better insulated against reputation damage . Department stores such as Wal-Mart and Asda have been regular targets for consumer campaigns , but have continued to thrive through their ability to undercut competitors with lower priced goods . Monsanto have also shown that a dominant position in the market can compensate for negative impressions . But such respite is only temporary , says Jonathan Hemus . Eventually a bad reputation will catch up with any business . "  In the longer term , no business can afford to maintain a negative reputation . Most successful businesses combine a fantastic product and service with strong , positive reputations and relationships . " "  It 's possible to recover a reputation , which depends on rebuilding trust and confidence ... you have to address the root cause of a problem , and prove you 're taking action to stop it happening . " For Uber , there are numerous threats on the horizon that could make an image problem into a wholesale crisis , including tightened regulations , disgruntled drivers , and competitors such as Lyft that can trade off a comparatively friendly reputation . So can they turn it around ? "  Not with this leadership , " says Audra Diers-Lawson . "  The first thing they need is a new CEO . " Read more : why your business wont grow without a virtual assistant Read more : Mapping the sharing economy Read more : Making scents of disaster	Uber is under a barrage of fire but business is booming for the start-up Companies can afford to ignore some critics , and may even benefit from attacks Ryanair , Wal-Mart , Ashley Madison among the companies to succeed despite image issues Uber will face more severe problems if its does n't shake up its leadership
CNN  -- Two New Jersey men arrested last week at John F. Kennedy International Airport allegedly on their way to fight with an al Qaeda-affiliated group in Somalia were followers of an extreme Islamist group based in New York , CNN has learned . CNN has obtained an image of the two suspects , Mahmood Alessa and Carlos Eduardo Almonte , attending a protest in New York organized by the Islamic Thinkers Society on June 1 of this year . They appear to have been taking part in a demonstration against Israel . One is holding a banner , the other an Islamic Thinkers Society poster that includes the slogan , "  Exterminate the Zionist Roaches . " The society 's video of the event , posted on its YouTube channel , has since been removed . The rally took place just a week before the two suspects were arrested at JFK airport . "  My soul can not rest till I shed blood . I wan na like be the world 's -LSB- best -RSB- known terrorist " Alessa is alleged to have told an undercover agent in the United States late last year . Later he said , "  We 'll start doing killing here , if I ca n't do it over there . " Another image -- from late in 2008 -- shows Almonte at a different rally , holding a poster that says "  Death to all Juice "  sic  . It 's not clear whether that rally was organized by the Islamic Thinkers Society . Several calls to the Islamic Thinkers Society about Alessa 's and Almonte 's involvement with the group were not returned . On its website , the Islamic Thinkers Society says , "  Our struggle is always intellectual & political non-violent means . " But counterterrorism officials say that the group and another called Revolution Muslim have come under scrutiny for their anti-Western rhetoric and for endorsing the actions of al Qaeda and other terrorist groups . The two groups often hold joint events . While they have few full-time members and their rallies are sometimes sparsely attended , the Islamic Thinkers Society and Revolution Muslim have thousands of followers online , many of them American . According to counterterrorism officials they also organize private gatherings in the greater New York area . "  In a sense they are almost bug lights for aspiring jihadists , " the director of intelligence analysis of the New York Police Department , Mitch Silber , told CNN earlier this year . "  They 've got an anti-Western , anti-democratic , anti-U.S. , pro-al Qaeda message . " In April , Revolution Muslim posted a warning on its website that the creators of the cartoon "  South Park " risked being killed for their depiction of the Prophet Mohammed in a bear suit . The warning was widely seen as a threat . Alessa and Almonte are by no means the first Americans alleged to have had links to the groups . CNN revealed in its recent documentary "  American Al Qaeda " that Bryant Neal Vinas , a Catholic convert to Islam from Long Island , moved in Islamic Thinkers Society circles in New York before he left the United States . Vinas went to Pakistan determined to wage jihad against U.S. troops in Afghanistan . He subsequently confessed to helping al Qaeda plot a bomb attack on the Long Island Railroad . CNN revealed in the documentary that followers of the Islamic Thinkers Society not only helped radicalize Vinas , but also helped him connect with militants in Pakistan . Several other Americans recently charged in terrorism cases were followers of these groups . Counterterrorism officials say Colleen LaRose , a Pennsylvania woman also known as Jihad Jane , was an online follower of the Revolution Muslim YouTube Channel . LaRose was charged in March with plotting to assassinate a Swedish cartoonist ; she has pleaded not guilty . Tarek Mehanna , a Boston resident , was charged last year with planning violent jihad in the United States -- including planning to attack shopping malls . He had connections with members of Revolution Muslim , according to Yousef al Khattab , one of the group 's founders . CNN can not independently confirm those connections . Khattab has since left the United States , says he has quit Revolution Muslim , and is now living in Morocco . Mehanna has not entered a plea . Counterterrorism officials tell CNN that before he founded Revolution Muslim , Khattab was the chief ideologue of the Islamic Thinkers Society . In an interview with CNN 's Drew Griffin last year , Khattab said he had met Vinas , the Long Island al Qaeda recruit , and made no secret of his radical views . "  I love Osama bin Laden like I ca n't begin to tell you , " Khattab said . The Islamic Thinkers Society and Revolution Muslim are offshoots of Al Muhajiroun , a pro-al Qaeda British extremist group that has seen several of its supporters convicted of terrorism offenses in the United Kingdom . Like Revolution Muslim , the Islamic Thinkers Society is still active on New York streets . In April it held a protest rally outside the Israeli Consulate . After the rally , the group 's spokesman , Abu Mujaddid , told CNN that the group plans to step up its activities in New York and was successfully recruiting supporters . The activities of both Revolution Muslim and the Islamic Thinkers Society are protected by First Amendment guarantees . "  As much as the Islamic Thinkers Society might put out an extremist message , it seems they go right up to the line of the First Amendment . For the most part they , themselves as a group , are n't acting , " NYPD 's Silber told CNN recently . Terrorism experts believe that groups like the Islamic Thinkers Society are dangerous nonetheless . According to Marc Sageman , a former scholar in residence at the NYPD , "  Even if they do not have the connections to help -LSB- young radicals -RSB- go further , they articulate the glory of fighting Jihad , the glory of doing something , of being active . And this very much inspires young people . "	Mahmood Alessa and Carlos Eduardo Almonte spotted at earlier rally Men appear to be followers of al Qaeda-supporting Islamic Thinkers Society "  Our struggle is always intellectual & political non-violent means , " group says Suspects in several other terror-related cases also have ties to group
Austin , Texas  CNN  -- An Internet that gives people the information they want virtually as soon as it 's created is getting closer , according to Internet professionals . But before real-time Web becomes a reality , developers say they need to figure out how to protect people 's privacy while blasting out as much information as they can , as fast as they can . "  A lot of this data that people would like to make available , they would n't necessarily want to make available to everyone , " said Jack Moffitt , chief technical officer for Collecta , a search engine that aims to give real-time results . "  I think we 'll be wrestling with privacy issues around real-time data for a long time . " The idea behind a real-time Web is to create technology that does n't require an Internet user to actively seek out something they 're interested in . That could mean anything from getting pinged when an article about your favorite sports team is posted to an alert when you 're mentioned in someone 's blog . Moffitt and others speaking at the South By Southwest Interactive Festival on Saturday said there 's not yet fully developed technology that would both give people all the real-time info they want and let people who put their information on the Internet select who sees it -- or even take it back . "  It 's kind of in our best interest , being selfish , if everyone was completely open with their data , " said Scott Raymond , founder of Austin-based Gowalla , a location-based mobile app . "  From the user 's perspective , it 's kind of the opposite -- it 's probably better to just stay selfish with your own data but consume everyone else 's . "  There 's a whole lot of work that needs to be done on this and it has n't been solved yet . " For example , if people on Twitter all set their feed to private , the popular trending-topics feature would n't work . Recently , Twitter , on which most users make their information open to everyone , hit a major milestone -- its 10 billionth tweet . Unfortunately , that tweet was by a user whose settings are private , so the curious will never know what the landmark message was . Brett Slatkin , a software developer with Google , said a real-time Web would create numerous new opportunities -- among them , giving small , local retailers a chance to catch up with major online stores that capitalize on convenience . "  If my corner store can say -LSB- to a customer online -RSB- , ` Yes , I just got five rickshaw bags in stock and you wanted one -- you can just walk down here and get it , ' it 's a chance to change competition and commerce , " he said . On sites like Twitter , Gowalla and Foursquare , Google Buzz and Facebook , status updates already exist as elements of a real-time Web . Developers note that the speed with which information travels on the Internet is already dramatically faster than it was just a couple of years ago -- before Twitter and location-based apps existed and before Facebook became a worldwide phenomenon . "  This creates lots of interesting social scenarios , " said Dare Obasanjo , of Microsoft . "  In the ` old days , ' you would have written a blog post about something you did and I 'd be like , ` Crap , I was in the next room . ' " Multiple players , at both major Internet companies and new startups , are working on an Internet platform to "  real time " the rest of the Web . That starts with faster searching . Current search engines "  crawl " around the Internet -- adding the material they find to their databases . But that can sometimes take awhile , particularly on smaller Web sites . Then , there needs to be a universal system for pushing that information to the right people . Obasanjo suggested there may eventually be a way for every new page of data on the Internet to have hashtags  #  similar to the ones used on Twitter to denote that a post is about a particular topic . On the issue of privacy , Slatkin said developers could roll out a way for a person to set their online privacy settings in one place then have those settings apply on every Web site . "  We 're going to see a definition , at the technical level , of what sharing means , " Slatkin said . "  I think we 're going to solve it on the technical level first . Once we solve it technically , it 'll be about how to actually implement it for users . "	Idea behind real-time Web is to create technology that does n't require user to seek out info Developers say they need to figure out how to protect privacy first Real-time Web could help local retailers catch up with major online stores , developer says
CNN  -- The mother of champion boxer Hector "  Macho " Camacho probably will make a decision on Saturday about whether to remove her son from life support , she told reporters Friday night . "  For me , he 's not alive , " Maria Matias told reporters in Puerto Rico . But one of the boxer 's sons , Hector "  Machito " Camacho Jr. , said his father is alive and "  is going to fight until the end , " Matias said she will make the final decision on her son 's life . The famed Puerto Rican boxer was shot in the face Tuesday and on Thursday was declared clinically brain dead . A passing gunman shot Camacho , who was in car in front of a bar in his hometown of Bayamon , Puerto Rico . Camacho , a former lightweight and junior lightweight champion , was in the passenger seat of the car , police said . The driver was shot twice and killed , they said . The suspects are two men who are believed to have been traveling in a gray vehicle , said Lt. Wilfredo Rivera of CataÃ ± o Police . They escaped after a shootout with police at a residential complex , WAPA TV reported . During his career , Camacho , 50 , awed fans with his quick hands and ring antics , developing a reputation for flamboyance . He also battled a series of legal issues that stemmed from drugs and other problems . A southpaw , Camacho fought professionally for more than 25 years and last stepped into the ring in 2010 . He had a career record of 79 wins , six losses and three draws .	Mother of Hector "  Macho " Camacho says her son is n't alive She says she will make the final decision , likely on Saturday Camacho was shot in the face on Tuesday , declared brain dead
CNN  -- Missouri police are investigating the death of a 27-year-old woman whose body was found this week at the home of beer tycoon August Busch IV . Frontenac , Missouri , police officers got a 911 call just before 1:15 p.m. last Sunday about an unresponsive woman at a residence later identified as belonged to Busch , the town 's police chief , Thomas Becker , said in a news release . Paramedics and police officers arrived eight minutes later to find Adrienne Nicole Martin dead , "  with no apparent signs of trauma or other indications of cause of death , " Becker said . Busch 's lawyer , Art Margulis , on Friday described Martin as a friend of his client . "  There 's absolutely nothing here that would indicate that this occurred under any suspicious circumstances , " said Margulis . "  It 's a tragic death of a ... very nice young lady . " Police in Frontenac , where the home is located , said they are investigating the death with help from the St. Louis County medical examiner . The community of about 3,500 people is 11 miles west of St. Louis . Martin was a model and aspiring art therapist , described as Native American on her page on iStudio.com , which says it serves "  the modeling , photography , and associated industries . " In the About Me section of her page , she writes that she had been in beauty pageants for years and "  would really like to do beer advertising . " Busch , 46 , became chief executive officer of Anheuser-Busch in December 2006 , after years of working in the company 's brewing , operations and marking divisions . He was in charge in 2008 when Belgian brewer InBev engineered a $ 52 billion takeover of the then-St . Louis , Missouri , company . With that move , the combined Anheuser-Busch InBev became the world 's largest brewer . "  It was a very difficult time , when August Busch IV took over , " said Julie MacIntosh , author of the book "  Dethroning the King " focusing on the last decade of Anheuser-Busch . "  On a personal level , it was difficult for  August Busch IV  when the company was taken over . " He and several other members of his family , including his father and fellow former CEO August Busch III , took home tens of millions of dollars from the move , said MacIntosh . That also largely ended the Busch family 's long legacy in brewing , namely heading the legendary eastern Missouri institution known for its Budweiser and other brands . The story started with Adolphus Busch , the company founder and August Busch IV 's great-grandfather . August Busch IV is the only representative of the family -- and its former namesake company -- on the Anheuser-Busch InBev board of directors . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : August Busch IV is the only member of his family on Anheuser-Busch InBev 's board The body of Adrienne Nicole Martin , 27 , is found in a Missouri home , police say The Frontenac home belongs to Busch , a former CEO of Anheuser-Busch Busch 's lawyer says there 's nothing suspicious in the "  tragic death ... of a nice young lady "
CNN  -- He 's the strongman behind the strongman : Maher al-Assad . The younger brother of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Maher al-Assad is described by analysts as someone even more ruthless than Bashar . "  Maher is the kneecapper . He is in charge of keeping the regime in power , " said Joshua Landis of the University of Oklahoma . It 's a role he seemingly relishes . One analyst who has been in meetings with Maher described him as wearing a dark suit , sunglasses and slicked-back hair : a "  Mafia wanna-be . " "  This fellow thinks of himself as the family enforcer , " said Ted Kattouf , a former U.S. ambassador to Syria . Officially , Maher is in charge of two of Syria 's most elite military units : The army 's Fourth Armored Division and the Republican Guard . But he is also a leader of the Shabiha militia , a group of regime enforcers made up of mostly of minority Alawite Muslims , the same sect the Assads belong to . The Shabiha , Syrian analysts say , has not only become a key part of the regime 's fight against the uprising , but has also been responsible for massacres of Syrian civilians . "  Maher has been at the forefront of the most brutal fighting , " Landis said . Man of mystery Maher is as shadowy as he is allegedly brutal . "  We know precious little about him , " said Landis . He is rarely seen in public . He moves around regularly and avoids speaking on the phone . Very few photographs of him exist , and most of those were taken when he had to appear in 2000 at the funeral of his father , Hafez al-Assad . Some of that mystery may be an effort to keep him alive , according to Landis . He is Bashar 's last surviving brother . Even his current physical condition is unclear . Many believe he was injured , maybe even losing a leg , during an attack on a Syrian national security meeting in 2012 . Others believe the attack may have paralyzed his arm . He has n't been seen publicly since . With secrecy comes legend . One of the most widely circulated stories about Maher involves his sister , Bushra , who wanted to marry a man who had children from a previous marriage . While the entire family was scandalized by the marriage , it was Maher who reportedly shot his future brother-in-law in the stomach during an argument . The story , widely reported but never confirmed , is indicative of his overall character , Kattouf said . "  What the story does tell us is that he 's impulsive , impetuous and brutal . " They are qualities that seem to have only improved his reputation . While Bashar seeks to portray a positive image with the Syrian public , "  everyone sees  Maher  as one of the major powers behind the throne who can do the dirty work , " Landis said ` An "  Entertainment Tonight " kind of guy ' But Maher also has more mundane interests beyond keeping his brother in power , according to Kattouf . In meetings with Arab officials , Maher has been described as quiet and uninterested in politics and current affairs . "  No matter what they brought up , he showed no interest , it was only when they started talking about gossip about Arab actresses and singers and who was sleeping with who , that 's then he was into it . He 's an ` Entertainment Tonight ' kind of guy , " Kattouf said . That might be just fine with his brother Bashar , who seems to value family loyalty above an interest in world affairs . Bashar has intentionally installed relatives in key positions in an attempt to "  coup-proof " his regime , according to Landis . Bashar has apparently found the perfect family member to do just that . "  Maher sees himself as the protector of the regime , " said Kattouf . "  He 's an ugly , ugly guy .	Maher al-Assad is younger brother of the Syrian president He is in charge of two elite military units and also leads a sectarian militia "  Maher has been at the forefront of the most brutal fighting , " analyst says
CNN  -- Veteran Spanish striker Raul has completed his move to German club Schalke after ending his record-breaking stay at Real Madrid . The 33-year-old agreed a deal until mid-2012 with the Bundesliga runners-up , joining on a free transfer after a trophy-laden 15 seasons at the Santiago Bernabeu . He had hinted on Monday that he might join an English club , having been linked with Tottenham among others . "  It 's great news for FC Schalke 04 , " coach Felix Magath told the club 's website on Wednesday . "  I 'm delighted we 've been able to inspire such an exceptional footballer and world-class striker to move to the Bundesliga and Schalke . "  Raul 's qualities will help us move forward . His signing marks a decisive step in our efforts to strengthen and restructure our squad for the tasks ahead , and I look forward to working with such a likeable pro . " Raul bids farewell to Real Raul is Real 's all-time top scorer with 323 goals in 741 competitive appearances , having won three Champions League titles and six Spanish league crowns after coming through the club 's youth ranks . He is also Spain 's record goalscorer with 44 from 102 appearances , though his last outing came in 2006 before his country 's breakthrough triumphs at Euro 2008 and the 2010 World Cup . The player , whose full name is Raul Gonzalez Blanco , has yet to receive a red card since making his first-team debut for Real in October 1994 . Guti ends 24-year Real Madrid career He is the third member of Real 's squad to be released since Jose Mourinho took over as coach , with veteran midfielder Guti having joined Turkish club Besiktas and young defender Marcos Alonso sold to English side Bolton . Meanwhile , former England defender Sol Campbell has joined newly-promoted English Premier League side Newcastle on a one-year contract following the expiry of his short-term deal at Arsenal . The 35-year-old 's new wife is also from the North-East area , where Campbell will be reunited with manager Chris Hughton -- who worked with him as a youth coach when both were at Tottenham . Arsenal 's Denmark striker Nicklas Bendtner will miss the start of the new season due to a groin problem that troubled him at the World Cup . The 22-year-old had surgery on the injury last November , but it has not been successful .	Raul has completed his move to German club Schalke after leaving Real Madrid The 33-year-old had hinted he might move to England at his farewell on Monday But the former Spain star has agreed a two-year contract with the Bundesliga side Former England defender Sol Campbell signs one-year deal with promoted Newcastle
Washington  CNN  -- Members of Congress focused on the Army 's soldier-performance review and promotion process Wednesday , questioning the chief investigators behind a Pentagon report examining November 's shootings at Fort Hood , Texas . "  This guy was a walking time bomb , " said Rep. Loretta Sanchez , D-California , referring to Maj. Nidal Hasan , an Army psychiatrist and the alleged shooter in a rampage that killed 13 people and wounded 43 . Sanchez and other members of the House Armed Services Committee questioned Togo West Jr. , former Army secretary ; and retired Navy Adm. Vernon Clark , who explained their review of the shooting . Committee members asked about issues surrounding the incident , including protection for soldiers on base , emergency response policies and efforts to recognize soldiers exhibiting erratic , radical or violent behavior . But many on the committee wanted to know specifically about the Army 's performance evaluation process , including whether performance reviews are watered down in an attempt to shift problem employees elsewhere . "  I am particularly concerned about the system of officer evaluation in the Army and other services , " said committee chairman Ike Skelton , D-Missouri . "  The performance reports ... must accurately reflect the strengths and weaknesses of officers . Problems must not be passed from one assignment to another . " Hasan was promoted to the rank of major in May despite weak performance reviews and reports that he was becoming increasingly radical . Sanchez acknowledged that one of the most difficult things about being a manager is firing or demoting employees and dealing with subsequent legal issues . "  It does n't make any of us feel good , " she said . "  We tend to move them on . " Sanchez said including poor performance reviews in a soldier 's file can have far-reaching implications , and managers often consider "  how much you can damage the career of someone who has made the military their career . " Like other committee members , she asked the panel about military constituents who have sought psychological help , only to have their careers negatively affected by doing so . Clark paused before responding . "  I wish to goodness that I was not constrained from talking about this , " he said , referring to the classified parts of the report he was n't allowed to discuss publicly . Hasan 's commanders "  were responsible for developing him and educating him and training him in the field of medicine , and as an officer in the United States Army . Our impression -- and the words in our report are as straightforward as we can say them -- it needed work . " West , who is also a former secretary of Veterans Affairs , sympathized with the difficulties commanders face when writing performance reviews . He described what basically amounts to a fine line between "  damaging careers with hasty judgments , " or conversely , simply passing off a sub-par employee . He said there 's "  tension " for commanders regarding when to act on information versus when not to , and what should be passed along versus what should n't be . But , he said , "  Evaluations make a difference , and we ca n't do the job of leading or protecting against threats if honest evaluations are not done by those who have the duty , the information , and the authority to do so . "	House Armed Services panel question chief investigators in Fort Hood shootings Many wanted to know specifically about Army 's performance evaluation process Members ask if reviews watered down in attempt to shift problem employees Case of Maj. Nidal Hasan , Army psychiatrist accused of killing 13 , prompts questions
London  CNN  -- The attention into the crash of Asiana Airlines Flight 214 is now shifting to two areas . One , why did the incident happen ? They will be looking at things like instrument landing systems , the glide slope , the approach of the Boeing 777 , the way the pilot flew the aircraft and other key aspects . Secondly , they will be looking at the onboard training to get the passengers off as fast as they can . Video from passengers after the crash landing show slides deployed and people exiting well before fire really took hold of the aircraft . Asiana have confirmed there were 291 passengers plus 16 cabin crew onboard flight OZ214 . Looking at video of the burned out wreckage and of smoke and fire soon after the crash , some may be surprised the casualty figures are so low considering there were more than 300 onboard . Main story : NTSB asked to do ` go-around ' 1.5 seconds before impact This is very reminiscent of an incident in Toronto in August , 2005 when an Air France plane crashed . Although there was a large fire in that crash , all 309 passengers and crew on the Airbus A340 managed to get off . Without ignoring the casualty figures from the San Francisco incident , it shows that aircraft crashes like this are proving to be survivable incidents provided there is adequate crew training and an awareness of passengers to know what to do when there is an emergency . Watch exclusive footage of the moment of impact And those key things : Know where your exit is , know to leave your belongings behind and exit the plane quickly and orderly because that is the way planes are designed . The B777 aircraft is built so that everybody can get off the plane within 90 seconds even if half the doors are inoperable . And they work on that basis because as you can see in the Asiana incident , one side of the aircraft is a lot more damaged than the other -- and appears to be the main area of the fire -- so you would n't want to open the doors on that side . Importantly , there is an onus on passengers -- know where the emergency exits are , do n't try and take your belongings with you and take notice of and follow crew instructions and directions . If you look at the image to the left you can see several passengers with bags -- one passenger with a carry-on roller case . Grabbing your carry-on luggage does not assist a speedy evacuation and observations like these will form part of a thorough safety investigation . If there is one thing we all can take away from a tragic incident like this , it is not to ignore those important flight safety briefings at the start of each flight we take . When I fly , I always take note of where my nearest exit is , whether it is three or four or whatever rows away . Those briefings exist for a reason . We 've seen as well in recent years several airlines , such as Air New Zealand , add an entertainment value to their safety videos , in part to try and make sure more passengers watch them . An incident like the Asiana crash should really reinforce the value of being aware of safety and emergency procedures . Most of the planes we fly today are designed so passengers can get out within 90 seconds in an emergency . That is what we have seen in the case with this incident in San Francisco . And while flight crew training is vital , so too are the actions of passengers . Expert : Flight should n't have been close to hitting seawall CNN 's Andrew Demaria contributed to this report .	Incident similar to Air France crash in Toronto in 2005 -- all survived Investigation into Asiana crash will look at onboard training Onus is also on passengers to understand and follow safety procedures
New York  CNN  -- After more than 40 years in television , Regis Philbin is retiring from the small screen . Philbin , 79 , made the announcement Tuesday at the start of the long-running "  Live with Regis & Kelly . " "  This will be my last year on this show ... but there is a time , there is a time that everything needs to come to an end for certain people on camera , especially certain old people , " Philbin said . The show , now in its 23rd season in national syndication , began as a local morning show in New York in 1983 . Kathie Lee Gifford joined Philbin in 1985 on the show and it debuted three years later nationally as "  Live with Regis & Kathie Lee . " Gifford left the show in 2000 and Philbin was joined by current co-host Kelly Ripa in 2001 . A choked-up Ripa said Tuesday after Philbin 's announcement , "  I think I can only speak for America and all of us here when I say that it has been a pleasure and a privilege and a dream come true , and I wish I could do something to make you change your mind . " No indication was given as to who may co-host with Ripa following Philbin 's departure at the end of the year . "  It will never be the same , there 's only one Reg , " said Gifford , who now hosts the fourth hour of NBC 's "  Today " following her 15-year gig on "  Live . " Philbin has been plagued in recent years by health issues , including undergoing triple-bypass surgery in 2007 and a hip replacement in 2009 . In 2001 , he was awarded Daytime Emmys for Outstanding Game Show Host for "  Who Wants to be a Millionaire " and Outstanding Talk Show Host for "  Live . " Philbin got his start in show business as a page for "  The Tonight Show , " before hosting his own self-titled show out of San Diego from 1961-1965 . He served as Joey Bishop 's sidekick on "  The Joey Bishop Show " and took "  A.M. Los Angeles " from low ratings to No. 1 in its local market -- perhaps a preview to his success on daytime TV with "  Live . " Philbin was inducted into the National Association of Broadcasters Hall of Fame in 2006 and was given the Daytime Emmy Lifetime Achievement Award in 2008 . "  He 's an amazing guy , " Gifford said Tuesday of her former co-host . "  He is every man to so many people and nobody tells a story like Reg . " "  He 's going to be 80 this coming August and I think he just figures it 's time , " she added . Philbin and his wife , Joy , have been married for 40 years .	"  This will be my last year on this show , " he says on "  Live with Regis & Kelly " The show is in its 23rd season in national syndication Philbin , 79 , has had health issues in recent years "  There 's only one Reg , " says former co-host Kathie Lee Gifford
CNN  -- Inside the city limits of San Antonio , mounds of churned up earth are piled knee high as far as the eye can see . Fresh green grass has disappeared and the only evidence of any shrubs is the exposed roots protruding from the carnage . What looks to be the path of a devastating tornado in America 's heartland is actually the result of a small group of feral hogs in the Lone Star state . Texas , along with many of the southern states , is facing a problem of "  Hogzilla " proportions . From agricultural fields and farmland to golf courses and playgrounds , no property is off limits to these chubby eating machines . From 2 to 6 million feral hogs are wreaking havoc in at least 39 states . Texas is said to be home to over half of the country 's feral hog population . Recently , I co-hosted a special series on invasive species featuring the devastating impact feral hogs are having on the residents and livestock of Texas . This "  pig explosion " is affecting anyone who drives a car or drinks tap water . In other words -- everyone . The term , "  feral hogs , " refer to either domesticated hogs that are now wild or Russian boars , or the hybrid of the two . Hogs have roamed the U.S. since the 1530s and were an important source of food for the early pioneers . It was n't until the 1930s when the Eurasian wild boar was released into the Texas landscape that things began brewing for the perfect pig storm . Given their ability to adapt well to most environments and their breeding capabilities , a pair of hogs can quickly become hundreds . Sows can become pregnant at 6 to 8 months old and are capable of birthing four to six piglets per litter . In Texas alone the agricultural damage caused by hogs is estimated to be $ 52 million dollars annually . With millions of hog snouts rooting their way through the Southern states , the problem has grown from an agricultural and rural issue to a suburban nightmare . As witnessed recently in the Atlanta suburbs , a torn up yard or demolished sprinkler system is a common occurrence . Imagine driving your car into a 500-pound black boar or worse ... a group of them . Hundreds of pig-vehicle collisions occur every year . In some cases , severe injury and death happen . Along with costing taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars in land , property and collision damage , another scary reality is the effect on water quality . Because hogs do n't have any sweat glands they often wallow in creeks and rivers beds to keep cool . Defecating in and around these water sources produce high levels of bacteria . This same contaminated water is often used to irrigate agricultural fields that are growing your family 's vegetables . Some reports estimate the total damage feral hogs cause annually in the U.S. to be over $ 1 billion . Whether we 're talking millions or billions , the big question looms in everyone 's mind : What can we do about it ? Is an "  Aporkalypse " inevitable ? The first and most important step is to acknowledge and understand the problem at hand . The Invasive Species Council has made efforts to spotlight the problem both at the state and federal levels . With many shows highlighting hog hunting , even on prime time TV , the issue has been brought to the attention of the general public . That poses another question : Whose problem is it ? Often people do n't care about problems that are n't occurring in their own backyard . While there 's no easy solution , there are ways of helping manage their numbers . Being a lifelong big game hunter , I fully support any legal method of helping lower the population of feral hogs . Hunting and trapping are two of the best solutions . I 've hunted wild hogs in the swamplands of Florida . I 've even hunted hogs in Texas at night . The only problem I see in hunting hogs is there are not enough hunters . Pigs are smart and typically more active at night . Hunting pigs is not as easy as one might think . And while hunting and trapping these destructive creatures can be very successful , hunters and trappers simply ca n't keep up with the population . Now the thought probably crossed your mind : How about we eat them ? Sure , these pigs will never win any beauty pageant but they are wonderful table fare . Butchered into bacon strips and pork chops or barbecued on the spit , they are simply delicious . In my opinion , wild hog meat is just as tasty as common , domesticated pig . In fact , trapped hogs in Texas are often sold to independent buyers who sell these swines overseas to Asian markets . But in order to get them to the dining table we still need to knock them down first . Personally , I have witnessed the devastation on several visits to Texas while interviewing ranchers and wildlife officials . The severity of the situation hit home after I met a woman who demolished her pickup truck after it collided with a 300-pound boar . The southern states are the ones most affected by the wild hogs but that wo n't be the case for long as their population grows . It 's obvious this is a serious problem that needs to be addressed . In the theatrical release of this summer 's blockbuster hit "  World War Z " Brad Pitt figured out how to save humanity from a virus . Texas could be in a world of hurt because of their pig population if they do n't prepare for "  World War P. " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jana Waller .	Jana Waller : Many southern states are facing a problem of "  Hogzilla ' "  proportions Waller : Estimate says two to 8 million feral hogs are wreaking havoc in 39 states She says the hogs cause costly damages to property , agriculture and water supply Waller : I fully support any legal method of lowering the population of feral hogs
SAN BERNARDINO , California  CNN  -- Three-year-old Briant Rodriguez remained in a hospital bed fatigued and malnourished Monday , 15 days after being kidnapped at gunpoint and then dumped on the streets of Mexico . Liberato Vega , 30 , left , and Israel Moreno , 28 , are suspects in the kidnapping of 3-year-old Briant Rodriguez . Police do n't know much about what happened to the boy , who was taken after gunmen tied his family and ransacked his California home on May 3 . They do n't know why the gunmen broke into the home , why they kidnapped the bubbly 3-year-old or how he ended up wandering the streets of Mexicali with a shaved head , rather than the long hair he had sported before the kidnapping . But police believe they do know who is responsible . In a news conference on Monday , the San Bernardino Sheriff 's Department and FBI identified the two suspect gunmen as Liberato Vega , 30 , and Israel Moreno , 28 . The two men , who authorities said were illegal immigrants with criminal records , are believed to have burst into the San Bernardino home , ransacked the house , tied up 3-year-old Briant Rodriguez 's family and snatched the child two weeks ago . The boy was returned to his family Saturday in the border town of Calexico . "  It was a very emotional and unforgettable experience , " said San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Sgt. Doug Hubbard , who was with the boy 's mother when he was returned . "  Enough said there -- before I get emotional . " Officials said the boy was still in the hospital Monday and was being treated for malnourishment and fatigue . "  We 're very happy that he 's alive , " San Bernardino County Sheriff Rod Hoops said this weekend . "  A 3-year-old goes missing in this country for two weeks -- sometimes it has an unhappy ending . "  This one did not . " Now , police are trying to piece together exactly what may have happened during the 13 days the boy was missing . Detectives from the San Bernardino Sheriff 's Department and Federal Bureau of Investigations agents were able to identify the alleged kidnappers based on unspecified physical evidence at the San Bernardino home and interviews with the boy 's family and neighbors . Hubbard said the family has adamantly denied knowing who may be responsible for the kidnapping or having any association with those responsible . FBI Supervisory Special Agent Don Roberts said it was , however , "  likely that this family was the target " of the kidnappers . "  But why , we do n't know , " Roberts said , adding that the kidnappers had clearly planned the crime . Officials said they believe Vega and Moreno are the two men they captured on video at a home-improvement store near the Rodriguez home before the crime buying tape like the kind that was used to bind the family . Hubbard said there are no-bail warrants issued for both men for home invasion robbery and kidnapping and Roberts said the FBI also obtained federal warrants for unlawful flight to avoid prosecution for both men . "  We will leave no stone unturned until these two are returned to San Bernardino to face justice , " Roberts said . "  We will not take a break until that day happens . " Authorities are hunting for both men , who have criminal records , in Mexico where they were both born . Roberts said both men have previously been deported from the United States , where they were living illegally . Their previous residences are empty , police said . Vega , who police said they considered to be the primary suspect , has had seven encounters with authorities in San Bernardino , according to court records , including four convictions in 2005 for a variety of charges , including driving under the influence . He also has a dismissed burglary case and two open cases against him for driving under the influence , providing false information to police and driving without a license . Police described Vega as a Hispanic male , 5 feet 9 inches weighing 130 pounds . Moreno was convicted in 2008 for driving under the influence and has another similar case open against him . Police described Moreno as a Hispanic male , 5 feet 6 inches weighing 150 pounds . Police have said they are also looking for 21-year-old Claudia Acosta , Vega 's girlfriend , who may be traveling with him . They are n't sure how she 's related to the kidnapping .	NEW : Liberato Vega , 30 , and Israel Moreno , 28 , suspects in kidnapping NEW : Officials believe both men , illegal immigrants , have fled to Mexico Briant Rodriguez found wandering streets in Mexicali , police say Boy had been missing since May 3 , when armed men burst into his family 's home
Washington  CNN  -- A sharply divided Supreme Court ruled against a former death row inmate who sought damages from the state after prosecutors hid crucial blood tests that would have earlier proven his innocence . The 5-4 decision Tuesday involved John Thompson , who came within weeks of execution and had spent 18 years behind bars before being set free after the new forensic evidence came to light . At issue was whether a district attorney 's office should be held liable , under a "  failure to train " standard , when one of its prosecutors unconstitutionally withholds exculpatory evidence from a criminal defendant . Then-New Orleans area District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. claimed his office should not be held fully responsible after one of his staff attorneys violated long-standing , accepted procedures on handling evidence in criminal trials . Thompson 's lawyers said the DA 's office as a whole should be held liable for the poor training of prosecutors working under Connick . "  A district attorney is entitled to rely on prosecutors ' professional training and ethical obligations in the absence of specific reason , such as a pattern of violations , to believe that those tools are insufficient , " Justice Clarence Thomas said . He was supported by his conservative colleagues Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Anthony Kennedy and Samuel Alito . In a tough dissent , Ruth Bader Ginsburg said "  Connick 's deliberately indifferent attitude created a tinderbox in which  constitutional  violations were nigh inevitable . " But Thomas noted prosecutors often face "  gray areas , " discretionary judgment calls concerning what evidence may be important to the defense . "  To prove deliberate indifference , Thompson needed to show that Connick was on notice that , absent additional specified training , it was ` highly predictable ' that the prosecutors in his office would be confounded by those gray areas and make incorrect ... decisions as a result , " he said . "  In fact , Thompson had to show that it was so predictable that failing to train the prosecutors amounted to conscious disregard for defendants '  constitutional  rights . He did not do so . " Thompson was convicted in 1985 in the murder of a New Orleans man . He was also implicated in a separate attempted armed robbery . Blood tests at the robbery showed the perpetrator had blood type B. Lawyers at the Orleans Parish DA 's office offered conflicting stories about whether the prosecuting attorney ever received the blood test report , or whether Thompson himself was ever given a confirming blood test . Thompson was eventually convicted of both crimes and received the death sentence for the murder . Just weeks before his scheduled 1999 lethal injection , private investigators hired by Thompson 's lawyers discovered the original crime lab report in police files . The prisoner was then tested and found to have blood type O . A hidden crime scene report also uncovered years after the fact showed eyewitnesses describing the murderer as 6 feet tall with close-cropped hair . Thompson had a large Afro at the time , and was only 5 feet , 8 inches . That report too was not handed over to the defense at trial . Armed with the new evidence , state courts then reversed the murder conviction , concluding the armed robbery conviction unfairly deprived Thompson of his right to testify in own defense at the murder trial . After being retried for murder in 2003 , a jury found Thompson not guilty and he was released from custody . A federal civil rights lawsuit was then filed and a jury awarded Thompson $ 14 million in damages , a judgment upheld by a federal appeals court . A landmark 1963 high court ruling -- Brady v. Maryland -- said prosecutor have a sworn duty to turn over evidence that may show a defendant is innocent . But in a subsequent opinion , the high court said individual prosecutors can not be sued for any constitutional violations in the courtroom . The Thompson decision further limits when defendants can sue for so-called "  Brady " violations . In a rare oral dissent , Ginsburg spoke from the bench to strongly criticize the majority 's conclusions . "  The record in this case abundantly shows flagrant indifference to Thompson 's rights , " she said . "  The conceded , long-concealed prosecutorial transgressions in Thompson 's trials were neither isolated nor atypical . They were just what one would expect given the attitude toward Brady pervasive in the district attorney 's office . " Ginsburg was backed by Justices Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . Connick , now retired from his DA post , is the father of entertainer Harry Connick Jr. . The case is Connick v. Thompson  09-571  .	5 justices rule New Orleans DA 's office not liable for prosecutor 's misbehavior 4 justices dissent , saying office showed "  flagrant indifference " Man came close to execution before blood test , crime report revealed
U.S. and coalition warplanes pounded ISIS positions in eastern Syria on Wednesday , targeting what a Pentagon official described as mobile oil refineries being used by the so-called Islamic State terror group to help finance its operations . The latest round of airstrikes were aimed at cutting off money flowing to ISIS , which makes up to $ 2 million a day from oil produced by the mobile refineries , Navy Rear Adm. John Kirby , the Pentagon spokesman , told CNN . Fighter jets from Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates flew alongside U.S. aircraft during the operation , hitting 12 locations , Kirby said . While the U.S. military was still assessing the outcome of the attacks , Kirby said initial indications suggest the strikes were successful . "  We are very confident we hit what we were aiming at , and we caused the damage we wanted , " he said . The airstrikes came just hours after U.S. President Barack Obama called for united action to confront ISIS , also referred to as ISIL . "  It is no exaggeration to say that humanity 's future depends on us uniting against those who would divide us along fault lines of tribe or sect ; race or religion , " Obama said in an address before the U.N. General Assembly . "  This is not simply a matter of words . Collectively , we must take concrete steps to address the danger posed by religiously motivated fanatics , and the trends that fuel their recruitment . " China , Russia raise questions Obama 's call for action comes as questions were raised over his decision to bomb terror groups in Syria without approval from the U.N. Security Council . Even as the Security Council adopted a resolution drawn up by the United States addressing the growing threat posed by foreign fighters , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi said the world must act -- but only with U.N. approval . Airstrikes get Bill Clinton 's approval Russia 's foreign minister warned "  against any attempt to narrow down the problem " to select groups , urging the world not to have "  double standards in dividing terrorists into good terrorists and bad terrorists . " China and Russia , both permanent members of the Security Council , have blocked a number of attempts to force Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down as a way to bring about an end to the civil war that has since seen the rise of ISIS and other terror groups . Still , while the U.S.-led military action in Syria has n't been widely embraced , those involved in the international coalition in Iraq is growing . The Dutch foreign ministry announced Wednesday that its military will contribute six F-16 fighter jets and 250 troops to carry out airstrikes and train Iraqi and Kurdish forces . Belgian Foreign Minister Didier Reynders said his country 's parliament will weigh a request for six of its fighter jets to take part in the bombing campaign . Similarly , British Prime Minister David Cameron said he 's recalling Parliament Friday "  to secure approval for the United Kingdom to participate in the Iraq air campaign . "  The U.N. Security Council has now received a clear request from the Iraqi government to support it in its military action against ISIL , " Cameron said from U.N. headquarters in New York . " ... So it is right that Britain should move to a new phase of action . " More airstrikes The latest airstrikes against the refineries followed another round carried out overnight Tuesday into Wednesday against five more targets : four in Iraq and one in Syria , according to U.S. Central Command . In Syria , U.S. and coalition fighter jets struck an ISIS staging area near the Iraqi border , northwest of al Qaim , damaging eight ISIS vehicles . In Iraq , two airstrikes west of Baghdad destroyed two ISIS armed vehicles and a weapons cache . Two airstrikes southeast of the Kurdish regional capital of Irbil destroyed ISIS fighting positions . Conceding that airstrikes so far have n't flushed out ISIS in Iraq , U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry said that American air power may nonetheless have prevented the fall of Baghdad and Irbil to the militants . "  What we 've done is we 've stopped the onslaught , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . The airstrikes in Syria have also targeted ISIS ' proclaimed capital of Raqqa . Share your view on the airstrikes Activist : ISIS fighters keep low profile An activist from Raqqa , who uses the pseudonym Maher al-Ahmad , told CNN he 'd gone back to the town after the airstrikes . "  It 's the first time I did n't see ISIS in the streets , that I was able to walk around , because I am wanted by them , " said al-Ahmad , who moves between Raqqa and Turkey 's Gaziantep province . He said people who were there during the strikes described them as feeling like earthquakes . Some 20 to 25 vehicles filled with ISIS fighters , including people he believes were senior leadership because of the level of security around them , left the city within hours of the attacks , the activist said . After keeping a low profile during the day , the ISIS fighters were out in the streets again by Tuesday evening but in lower numbers than usual , he said . ISIS fighters began moving into the homes of civilians in the past two to three weeks , al-Ahmad said , raising fears that the civilians may be used as human shields or fall victim to future airstrikes . Hassan al-Halabi , an activist from Aleppo , voiced similar fears , saying residents there have two main concerns about upcoming strikes in Syria . "  The first is that they are afraid of having civilian casualties because ISIS members and fighters are among civilians , " al-Halabi said . "  And the second concern is that what will happen after that ? Who will replace ISIS , especially that the regime is ready to take control of ISIS ' areas ? "	British Parliament -- like Belgium 's -- will weigh request to participate in Iraq airstrikes Airstrikes have resumed in eastern Syria , a U.S. official tells CNN President Barack Obama urges ISIS fighters to "  leave the battlefield while they can " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry : U.S. airstrikes have "  stopped the onslaught "
CNN  -- Manchester United came from behind to deny Liverpool on an emotional day as Anfield paid tribute to the 96 victims of the Hillsborough disaster . Robin van Persie 's 81st minute penalty gave Sir Alex Ferguson 's men all three points against a Liverpool side which played for most of the game with ten men . Jonjo Shelvey was shown a straight red card in the 39th minute following a two-footed tackle on Jonny Evans . And although Liverpool captain Steven Gerrard gave the hosts a 46th minute lead , goals from Rafael and van Persie won it for United . Football 's most poisonous rivalry ? Liverpool and Manchester United 's tempestuous past On a day where the rivalry between England 's two most successful clubs was put aside , fans and players of both teams paid their respects to the 96 supporters who died at Hillsborough in 1989 . Shirts , flowers and cards adorned the Shankly Gates by the permanent memorial to the victims who perished 23 years ago . Both sets of players wore the number 96 as they emerged from the tunnel with Manchester United legend Sir Bobby Charlton presenting former Liverpool striker Ian Rush a bouquet of flowers . Reds captain Steven Gerrard and his United counterpart Ryan Giggs then released 96 balloons into the Anfield sky . Fans held up mosaics around the ground as Liverpool 's traditional anthem of ` You 'll Never Walk Alone ' was played . English FA offer apology on Hillsborough Luis Suarez and Patrice Evra put aside their personal differences and shook hands in the lead up to kick off . Liverpool striker Suarez was banned for eight matches by the Football Associaton after racially abusing the Frenchman during a league game at Anfield . But while the pre-match atmosphere was full of respect , the intense rivalry between the two sides was never far away . Once the game had started , both sets of fans began to goad each other , with a small section of United fans singing , ` Where 's you famous Munich song ? ' Panel : Police at fault in response to deadly UK stadium football crush That was a small blot on an emotional and entertaining afternoon as both teams produced the kind of cut and thrust football that makes these derby games so thrilling . Liverpool , without a league victory under new manager Brendan Rodgers this season , came out firing on all cylinders as it looked to take the game to United . Both Gerrard and Suarez had opportunities as the home side dominated possession . But the game was turned on its head six minutes before the break when referee Mark Halsey showed Shelvey a straight red card . Down to ten men , the hosts re-grouped at half-time and grabbed the lead within a minute of the restart . Glen Johnson tricked his way into the United penalty area and picked out the unmarked Gerrard , who volleyed home from close-range . It was a poignant moment for Gerrard , whose 10-year-old cousin Jon-Paul Gilhooley was among 96 victims . That goal sparked an outpouring of emotion from the Kop as the Liverpool players celebrated in front of their supporters . But their joy was cut short as United hit back almost immediately with Rafael curling home a spectacular equaliser from inside the penalty area . The visitors continued to make the most of their numerical advantage and were awarded a penalty when Antonio Valencia went down under minimal contact from Johnson . Van Persie , who missed his last spot kick during the recent win at Southampton , made no mistake this time as he beat Pepe Reina . Martin Kelly wasted a late chance to equalize for Liverpool as United held out for victory .	Tributes paid to the 96 before the game at Anfield Liverpool 's Jonjo Shelvey sent off after 39 minutes Steven Gerrard fired Liverpool ahead early in second half Goals from Rafael and van Persie won it for United
CNN  "  Why are n't you dead ? " "  You should die . " "  Wait a minute , why are you still alive ? " "  Go kill yourself . " It 's impossible to comprehend another human being , let alone a child , sending such hateful messages to another person , but according to Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd in Lakeland , Florida , these messages are all too real . They were sent to 12-year-old Rebecca Sedwick , who ultimately jumped to her death in September , he said . The messages did n't come via the social networking sites many of us are familiar with : Facebook , Twitter or Instagram . They were sent via newer , lesser-known social applications called Ask.fm and Kik , according to Judd . "  These apps are free , and as a result ... you can either go up anonymously or create a fictitious identification , and you can torment other children , and it is frightening to see that occur , " the sheriff said . Sheriff : Taunting post leads to arrests in Rebecca Sedwick bullying And now , two girls , ages 12 and 14 , are charged with felony aggravated stalking in the case , the sheriff told CNN Tuesday . "  We take bullying and cyberbullying exceptionally serious in this county and always have , " he said in an earlier interview . Tricia Norman , Sedwick 's mother , thought she was doing everything she could to protect her daughter from the bullying she was experiencing . She sent her to a different school and closed down her Facebook page , according to The New York Times . She had no idea her daughter was using apps such as Ask.fm and Kik , and was being tormented on the new platforms . "  I had never even heard of them ; I did go through her phone but did n't even know , " she told the Times . "  Even though  Rebecca  was separated from the bullies because she was in a different school ... ultimately they were able to get back and I do n't know if it 's pick at each other but certainly say hateful things , " said Judd , whose office is investigating the case . Share your bullying story ` Parents do n't know about them ' In conversations with law enforcement , educators , bullying experts and parents , it 's clear that while parents may be getting up to speed on some social networking sites such as Facebook , Twitter and Instagram , there are plenty of other platforms popular with tweens and teens that parents do n't know . In addition to Ask.fm and Kik , there 's Voxer , which is a walkie-talkie-type app for messaging , and Snapchat , which allows the sender to set a time limit for how long recipients can view their photo , text or video messages .  Check out our gallery above for other sites your teen might be using ! "  The biggest part of these sites is parents do n't know about them , " said Sue Scheff , author of the book "  Wit 's End : Advice and Resources for Saving Your Out-of-control Teen . " Are we too quick to cry ` bully ' ? "  What happens is a new site , we wo n't find out about it until a tragedy happens but the kids know about it , " Scheff said . "  It 's as simple as that . No one really knew a lot about Ask.fm until Rebecca died . " How children are using the sites is a concern for parents and educators across the country . Brian Lidle , the principal at Ann Simpson Davis Middle School in Dublin , Ohio , said he 's seen as many as a dozen cases of student harassment on Kik during the past several months . "  It 's just a very difficult thing to see , a child being harassed by nameless , faceless people and feel ganged up on , " Lidle said . He said that the school has gone to the authorities but that Kik has not shared information about who is behind the harassing accounts . "  We were very frustrated at that point , so what we decided to do is really get the parents in the mix , " Lidle said . "  And as we get information in , I 've been sharing that with our parents through our e-mail list service and just to make sure they know what apps are out there , what 's happening to them . " In response to an interview request from CNN , a Kik spokesman said the Canada-based company "  actively cooperates with law enforcement agencies all over the world to help ensure the safety of our users . " Hanna Smith suicide fuels calls for action on Ask.fm cyberbullying "  The safety and well-being of our users is extremely important to us , " spokesman Bob Patterson said . He said the site has added new features over the past few years , such as the ability to block other users without revealing they 've been blocked . The company also developed a parent guide to provide information about "  how parents can help their teens ... have a great  and safe  experience on Kik . " "  Kik has policies in place to help us respond in the best way possible when something is reported to us by one of our users , or if we are contacted by law enforcement , " Patterson added . As for Ask.fm , in a statement , a spokesman said that in light of recent events , the Latvia-based company is working with online child safety expert Annie Mullins to review and update its safety and privacy policies to ensure that its "  abuse and inappropriate content reporting systems are among the most effective in the industry . " "  We are committed to doing everything we can to protect our users and stamp out bullying or any other kind of abuse . Sadly bullying can take place anywhere -- on or offline -- so it is important we , parents and users work together to fight it , " the statement said . "  If a user sees something that is n't appropriate before we do , we would ask that they help us stand up to bullies by reporting it . Any complaints made about this kind of abuse are prioritised automatically and will be dealt with immediately . " Coach suspends entire football team after bullying Teens want to be ` validated ' Why are kids downloading these apps ? Sameer Hinduja , criminology professor at Florida Atlantic University and co-director of the Cyberbullying Research Center , says part of the appeal of platforms like Ask.fm -- where you create a profile and allow people to ask you questions -- is the need for affirmation . "  You need to be validated when you 're a teenager because you are wondering if you 're turning out OK , and so these sites completely meet that need , " Hinduja said . "  Because it 's like , ` This is so great . Someone asked me a question . Someone took the time to visit my profile ... and like my picture and leave a comment . ' "  I understand why kids do it , but there 's way more negatives than positives that could possibly come out of it , and if I were raising a son or daughter , I would be like , ` Why do you care so much about people asking you these questions and demonstrating interest in you this way , because it opens you up for more harassment , ' " said Hinduja , co-author of "  Words Wound : Delete Cyberbullying and Make Kindness Go Viral , " a book for teens to be released in December . If you are a parent and you are slightly freaked right now , I can relate . I ca n't even imagine what apps , sites and platforms will be around when my kids , who are 5 and 7 , are in the middle and high school years . But Hinduja , whose site has numerous resources for parents , says parents can feel empowered rather than overwhelmed by being as actively involved in their kids ' online lives as they are in their offline lives . That means being familiar with the technology but not necessarily declaring sites like Ask.fm and Kik off-limits . "  Kids do n't want to hear us preach and lecture about all of  technology 's  evils . They will immediately tune out , " Hinduja said . The better approach , he said , is to embrace the latest technology and strike up conversations with your kids about it , asking them about stories of bullying and harassment in the news . "  Constantly having these conversations with kids so that they know their parent is not oblivious to these issues goes such a long way , " he said . Advertisers pull out after social media suicide Lidle , the middle school principal , agrees and encourages parents to plunge fully into their kids ' online world . "  This is not our world that kids are operating in , " Lidle said . "  They call us digital immigrants . We have to immerse ourselves in what 's going on in their world , as uncomfortable as it is . Our kids are at stake , and we can not drop the vigilance of knowing what 's going on in their worlds . " Polk County Sheriff Grady Judd said parents should also keep open communication with their kids ' friends . "  A lot of times , you 'll hear from your children 's friends before you hear from your own child , " he said . Join us October 29 for a Google Hangout on bullying ` Say those few kind words ' Scheff , the parent advocate and author , believes parents and educators can also teach our kids to be "  cybershields " for other children . She wonders what might have happened if any of the 15 or so kids believed to have been cyberbullying Rebecca Sedwick decided to protect her instead . "  Wonder if they decided ... ` Hey listen , we can do something to be kind to this girl . Let 's say ... your hair looks nice today . You look pretty today . Do n't listen to these girls . You have a reason to live . You do n't have to do this . ... Do n't think you have to end your life , ' " Scheff said . "  All it would take is a few words in the opposite way , and that 's what  kids  need to learn , how to say those few kind words . " Follow Kelly Wallace on Twitter and like CNN Living on Facebook .	Arrests made after 12-year-old Florida girl killed herself following hateful messages on Ask.fm and Kik Two girls , ages 12 and 14 , now charged with felony aggravated stalking in the case "  Why are n't you dead ? " was just one of the messages Rebecca Sedwick received Parents might know Facebook and Twitter , but kids have moved to other social sites
Waco , Texas  CNN  -- A row of 12 coffins , each draped with a flag , symbolizes the human cost of an explosion that destroyed much of a small Texas town and left the residents of that town searching for answers . Hundreds of firefighters from across the nation and other first-responders joined grieving families and President Barack Obama and the first lady at the Ferrell Center in Waco , site of a memorial service Thursday for some of the people killed in a fertilizer plant explosion last week in the nearby town of West . The president told the crowd that no words adequately describe the courage displayed by those who died . "  What I can do is offer the love and support and prayers of the nation , " Obama said . Obama told the families and friends of the those killed that they were not forgotten , saying "  our hearts have been here in your time of tribulation . " He promised them the nation will help them rebuild and reclaim their small community of about 3,000 people . Before the president and first lady Michelle Obama joined the residents of West at the service at Baylor University , the president 's helicopter flew over West and circled several times over the flattened structures and scarred earth . The Obamas met privately with the families after the service . Texas Gov. Rick Perry promised the families of the first-responders who died that their loved ones would not be forgotten . "  First-responders know better than anyone that there 's no such thing as a routine emergency , " Perry told the crowd , "  but it did n't slow them down as they raced toward that burning factory . " Perry urged the families to remember that "  the spirit that drove those men we love -- they live on " and asked the crowd to "  let their deeds serve as an inspiration " to service of others . The families of the victims recorded emotional video tributes that were played during the service . Some were somber , some were mixed with light-hearted memories . All drew tears . "  Cyrus always hated the word ` hero , ' " said Bryce Reed , whose brother was attending a EMT class when the fire that preceded the explosion began . "  He and I shared the belief that heroes are persons  whose names  are etched in marble . And that a hero is a sacred and solemn term reserved for only those who paid the ultimate price when others would falter or run . "  My brother would disagree , but I firmly believe that all privy to this incident can attest that my brother and all those who lay with him are heroes now and forever . " Earlier , as the service began , everyone in the arena stood in complete silence as family and friends of the victims filed in . Some of the family members wept as they passed the flag-draped coffins -- 10 with American flags and two with Texas flags -- and photos in front of each one . Family members hugged one another when they arrived at their seats . The service -- which honored the 10 first-responders killed April 17 and two friends of first-responders who also answered the call -- included roll call as the name of each victim was read , followed by one toll from a bell . An officer at the foot of each coffin saluted . Then the bell rang five times , paused , rang five more times , paused again , and rang a final five times to signal the fallen had answered their final call . Each family was given a flag and a helmet in remembrance . A bagpiper played "  Amazing Grace . " In all , 14 people were killed by the blast , including two other people who died in their apartment nearby . Before Thursday 's service , emotions were raw in Waco , the central Texas city about 20 miles south of the scene of the blast . Many onlookers cried as they lined the street outside as a procession of fire trucks slowly passed . One man held a large Texas flag , bowed his head and rested a cowboy hat over his heart . Hundreds of bikers from the Patriot Guard stood at attention as the rescue vehicles passed by . Before leaving Washington , Obama signed a proclamation ordering all flags in the state to be flown at half-staff for the day . City workers from Waco replaced West workers Thursday so they could attend funerals and take a break from trying to repair the city 's water system and cleaning up the town . On Wednesday , an American flag was raised and a bugler played taps at a memorial service at the blast site . A few miles away , one of the victims , Kenneth "  Luckey " Harris Jr. , was laid to rest . Harris , a 52-year-old Dallas firefighter who lived in West , was one of the first-responders who died . One of the coffins at Thursday 's service represented Harris . Hundreds of firefighters from Dallas and other areas surrounding West came for the funeral , the first to be held for the responders killed in the blast . Firefighters lined the sidewalk as Harris ' flag-draped coffin was carried out and loaded into the back of a Dallas fire truck to be carried to the cemetery . Bagpipes played as the coffin went through the crowd . Before and after : Texas plant explosion The investigation continues "  Shovel by shovel , " investigators are combing through the charred remains of the leveled fertilizer distributor after the April 17 explosion in West . Much of the landscape surrounding the West Fertilizer Co. is unrecognizable . What was once a corn silo appears to have crumpled from the blast . A blue tarp covers the shell of a rail car . A crater nearly 100 feet wide and 10 feet deep sits where a building once stood . The crater is now filled with mangled metal and crumbs of mortar . Concrete chunks , some the size of shopping carts , are strewn hundreds of yards away from the blast site . Losses from the explosion will probably top $ 100 million , said Mark Hanna , a spokesman for the Insurance Council of Texas . But amid the devastation , forensic mappers are hoping to find clues . Hundreds of small pink flags indicate anything on the ground that crews want forensic investigators to take a closer look at . Officials face a difficult task in reconstructing the fire that preceded the deadly explosion . Still unknown : what types of chemicals and in what quantities were stored at the facility . Town devastated by explosion is guided by the West way Putting the pieces together One official likened the investigation to a jigsaw puzzle . "  Right now , think of that coffee table where all 100 pieces are gathered around , " Brian Hoback , an official with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , told the San Antonio Express-News . "  Now , we 're going to pull them together . " Robert Champion , special agent in charge of the bureau 's Dallas Field Division , said that determining what started the initial fire is key . "  We feel the explosion was caused by the fire , so we 've got to determine what the cause and the origin of the fire was , and that 's why we 're ... attempting to re-enact that fire scene , " he said . "  A fire scene is complicated in itself . But you compound that with an explosion , and it really complicates the issue . " Investigators have ruled out the possibility that natural causes ignited the fire . CNN 's Todd Sperry and John Murgatroyd contributed from Waco , Texas , and Steve Almasy and Ed Payne wrote and reported from Atlanta .	NEW : Brother of firefighter says fallen are heroes forever Obama says no words describe how courageous those who died were Families pay tribute through video messages Relatives pass 12 flag-draped coffins , each with a picture of a fallen firefighter
LONDON , England  CNN  -- I have a confession . As a music style , heavy metal has completely passed me by . I do n't understand it . I 'm not even sure I want to . "  Bring your daughter to the slaughter , " bellows Iron Maiden 's Bruce Dickinson . Why would I want to do that ? Why would I want to listen to anyone even suggesting I do that ? Outside The Crobar in London 's Soho our intrepid reporter tries out her rock moves . While the thought of spending the evening head banging leaves me longing for an expensive glass of merlot , slightly fruity , and perhaps a long sit down , I ca n't escape the feeling that I 'm somehow missing out . As a child of the 70s , how could I have missed the birth of a wildly popular new music genre right in the next decade ? Even at the end of the 80s , when Iron Maiden was releasing its "  First Ten Years " compilation of greatest hits , I would have been sixteen  or thereabouts  , the perfect age to fall for the charms of a long-haired , rebellious rocker in tight leather pants . You 'd think . There 's only one thing for it -- a crash course in all things metal with the man who knows , self-confessed metalhead Malcolm Dome , who also presents the chart show for 24-hour UK rock and metal radio station TotalRock . I meet him at the TotalRock studios in Central London . The stairs are scuffed . It smells of stale sweat . I 'm pleased to see Malcolm is wearing the traditional heavy metal attire of black T-shirt and black jeans . Obviously I 'm going to have to go and buy a T-shirt , perhaps one with a skull on it . "  You can wear anything you want , " Malcolm assures me . "  You 'd probably be surprised how many heavy metal fans there are who have very high-powered business jobs -- even members of parliament who are into metal . They ca n't go around dressed as I 'm necessarily dressed now all the time because it does n't fit into their jobs . " Fortunately for Malcolm , his job as heavy metal journalist and broadcaster almost requires him to look the part . He 's been involved in the scene since the late 1960s , when he fell for a young heavy metal group called Black Sabbath . His main allegiance later shifted to Led Zeppelin , but when it comes to music styles he 's not fussy . "  I 've got eclectic tastes , " he says . "  I 'm happy to listen to Frank Sinatra , listen to AC-DC , to all sorts . " Finally , we 've found some common ground . If there 's anyone who can convince me of the joys of heavy metal , it 's someone who also appreciates the soothing , melodic tones of Sinatra . I 've heard someone compare heavy metal to pantomime , I say . Surely that ca n't be true ? "  It 's absolutely panto , " Malcolm enthuses , adding "  Sammy Goldwyn said that any film should start with a climax and build it from there . And that 's what metal does . It starts with a big , big stage show and builds it from there . Of course it 's panto . It 's ` he 's behind you ' , it 's the whole larger than life character , it 's circus , it 's frivolity . " He hastens to add that a lot of time and effort goes into staging the shows , and from that perspective , it 's completely serious . The problem with heavy metal , Malcolm says , is that the mainstream media misrepresented it for years . "  Every time the mainstream media used to cover it in the 70s and 80s , it was done from the point of view that ` this is weird , we do n't understand it , we 're going to go away not understanding it but we 're going to present it to you anyway , ' " he says . Heavy metal was painted as the dark preserve of working class men who wore denim and leather and were , for the most part , sexist . That 's even before you take into account accusations of devil worship and Satanism leveled at the genre by Christian activists in the 80s . "  You can understand people actually seeing what was being presented to them thinking ' I do n't get it and I do n't want to get it , ' " Malcolm says . Now many more people "  get it . " Some 30,000 people listen to TotalRock each week , many of them women . "  It 's ended up being I think a music that attracts if not fifty percent female fans then certainly a very big minority . The fact is metal has never tried to exclude women . " So what of lyrics like "  bring your daughter to the slaughter " ? " ` Bring Your Daughter To The Slaughter ' was actually written for a movie , " Malcolm explains , "  One of the Nightmare on Elm Street movies . However , it is not about killing people . Slaughter was a metaphor for the party . So it was actually a fun representation . Metal has never openly espoused violence towards anybody . " It should be stated here that there are varying degrees of heavy metal , from the hair metal of carefully-coifured Jon Bon Jovi to the black art of New York doom metal band Unearthly Trance . "  What makes Unearthly Trance so heavy is that they literally make your bowels rumble , " Malcolm says . "  They are so intense . But it 's also hypnotic . And strangely soothing , " he adds . Dozens of sub-categories of metal have evolved to include black metal , stoner metal , thrash metal , power metal , goth metal , death metal and grind core , to name a few . What binds them all is a fierce dedication to the style of music and an admirable loyalty to their chosen bands . There seems to be none of the fickleness associated with the pop world where young performers are routinely thrown on the scrapheap after a few hits -- or flops . As Malcolm says , it 's not unusual for bands to have a career that spans decades . Iron Maiden has been going for almost 30 years . Black Sabbath for even longer . So is there any age when heavy metal fans should retire gracefully from the scene ? "  Absolutely not , no , no , no , " Malcolm says , looking slightly shocked . "  If you love it and enjoy it why should you have give it up because you reach a certain age ? Definitely not . Metal is ageless . " It 's not too late for me then . What a relief .	Malcolm Dome of TotalRock conveys the joys of metal to the unconverted Heavy metal concerts likened to panto , "  it 's circus , it 's frivolity , " Dome says Metal ` uniform ' of black t-shirt , jeans and leather apparently unnecessary Metalheads display fierce loyalty to their bands , unlike fickle world of pop
Moorhead , Minnesota  CNN  -- He 's been there for 30 years , and 85-year-old Lloyd Paulson is n't moving anytime soon . But on his stretch of Rivershore Drive in this city just east of Fargo , North Dakota , he 's essentially the only one . "  I want to go feet-first out of here , " Paulson said from his living room , which is now just feet from rising floodwaters . "  I do n't want to leave . I want to stay here because I enjoy it so much . " Last year , he and his family and friends saved his home from the record flooding that nearly ravaged the entire city -- but it took 30,000 sand bags . A farm boy since birth , Paulson said the sandbagging in 2009 saved his property from major damage , meaning another pleasant year of watching the wildlife in his backyard . "  I can see turkeys and squirrels and deer . They come up at night . " But when the retired sporting goods store manager looks down the street now , what he sees is a mix of houses on stilts ready to be moved and vacant houses awaiting demolition . The neighbors in the 14 houses to his south and three to the north sold their homes to the city , accepting its offer to buy them out so that a more permanent levee can be built up in their place . Paulson says he 's surprised that so many people made the decision , since some had "  beautiful homes . " The buyouts were voluntary , but since Paulson decided to stay , he must foot the bill for his portion of that new levee himself . He has n't received a bill yet , but he says whatever the cost , it should be worth it because that mountain of dirt will mean his days of sandbagging are over . Since the city 's new levee is n't up yet , earthen levees surrounding Paulson 's home are protecting it from this year 's flood . "  The cupboards are all stocked up , the freezer is all stocked up , so I can stay here for weeks without having to go out , " Paulson said , laughing . And those levees will protect him up to a 43-foot crest . The most recent forecast calls for a crest of 38 feet , so Paulson says he 's "  not worried at all " about staying in his home while the water is high . His wife of 57 years died shortly after the flood of 2009 . But even though he now lives there solo , Paulson said he does n't feel lonely . "  Not at all . I have so many friends in town , and every day , I 'm out doing something . The phone rings regularly , " he said . Are you there ? Share photos , video of flood When asked how he feels to be known as the last man standing in his neighborhood , the one who wo n't leave , Paulson said he "  did n't do this for publicity . " "  I just want to enjoy my life , " he said , "  and I can do it here . "	Lloyd Paulson , 85 , of Moorhead , Minnesota , refuses to sell his home to the city The city wants to build a levee in his neighborhood Volunteers staged a massive effort to rescue his home during last year 's flooding
CNN  -- An old wooden carving known as "  the Sacred Cod " hangs in the Massachusetts State House . That figurine has stared down at lawmakers for more than two centuries as a reminder of how important cod fishing has been to New England , where generations have made a living by casting their nets out at sea . "  It 's the only job I 've ever had , " said Al Cattone , a Gloucester fisherman , who -- like his father and grandfather before him -- spent more than 30 years braving the Atlantic 's rough waters and cold winds in search of fish . "  It 's not so much a job as it is an identity . " But Gloucester , like many coastal towns , now faces the largest cuts ever to the region 's commercial fishing industry . An advisory council voted Wednesday to slash cod catch rates by 77 % in the Gulf of Maine , a region roughly the size of Indiana that extends from Cape Cod up through Nova Scotia . That move , analysts predict , is expected to decimate fishing communities across the region and have a domino effect on seafood processors , wholesalers , distributors and retailers who all make a living off the water . "  The impact will be severe , " said John Bullard , the regional administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , who voted in favor of the cuts . "  It was n't easy , but it was necessary . " A response to low cod stocks , the proposed cuts have left thousands wondering what they will do for work at the start of the fishing season in May . Scores of fishermen gathered Wednesday in Portsmouth , New Hampshire , to hear the vote of the New England Fishery Management Council , which has since submitted its recommendations to the federal government . "  We 're doomed , as they say , " said fisherman Dennis Robillard , whose voice wavered as he acknowledged that his boat , the Julie Ann II , is now up for sale . "  I 'm getting out . It just does n't make any sense to me anymore . " The council also voted to cut 55 % of cod catch rates in Georges Bank , an expansive area near Cape Cod , which was named by a 17th century British explorer after discovering an abundance of the ground fish . If approved by the Commerce Department , fishermen catch rates will drop to about 3,550 metric tons of cod in the Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank . A decade ago , they could net around 20,000 . From the archives : A fishing way of life is threatened The fish population Most analysts agree that cod stocks today are nowhere near healthy numbers , though some fishermen say they 've netted more cod recently than in the past . Still , the Gulf of Maine has hit only about 18 % of target levels , while Georges Bank fared far worse at around 7 % , according to NOAA . A government survey found that Gulf of Maine cod , considered a top earner , were so depleted that even if the fishing industry were to shut down completely , it would still not recover to the levels mandated by federal law by 2014 . And yet , while the stocks have n't replenished fast enough , they have come back , according to two decades worth of NOAA data tables . "  It 's more of a management crisis , " said Steven Cadrin , a former NOAA scientist and faculty member at the University of Massachusetts Dartmouth . "  There 's twice as many cod there compared to the 1990s , but they 're still not at the levels we 'd like to see them at . " Just a few years ago , the government projected that the area was well on its way to recovery after decades of overfishing . Federal regulators then raised catch rates to nearly five times the sustainable level based estimates now believed to have been far too optimistic . That , combined with warmer waters , pollution and policies that protect natural predators like seals , have all contributed to fewer fish that triggered the mandatory cuts . While larger commercial trawlers capable of traveling to more distant fishing grounds are expected to survive , the plan will likely cost most of the region 's smaller crews their jobs . "  Fifteen years from now , it 'll all be corporate , " Robillard said . "  The mom-and-pop days are over . " Still , codfish are n't about to become an endangered species , according to Sam Rauch , head of the NOAA 's fisheries service . Coming restrictions are about protecting the overall size of the cod population and complying with federal law . Environmentalists say depleted stocks show the region needs time to recover in order to save it . But fishermen are furious . They say the law and its targets are largely arbitrary and argue that murky science surrounding fish estimates has given fodder to those willing to let their livelihoods founder . In September , the Commerce Department declared the Northeast ground fishery a formal disaster , which raised hopes of economic relief that were later dashed in a trimmed-down relief bill for victims of Superstorm Sandy . Confronted with possible drops in domestic cod supply , industry analysts say U.S. consumers will likely look elsewhere , importing more from other countries such as Norway and Canada . But the danger , they say , is a loss of U.S. market share . And for men like Robillard and Cattone , that shift has already occurred . "  I call it the systematic castration of the groundfish fleet , " said Cattone . But the 47-year-old man from Gloucester also said he never gave his son -- who 's now in college -- the option to fish in the way that generations of his family had . "  I was afraid he was going to fall in love with it the way I did , " he said . "  It 's a shame , but it 's something I knew I had to do . "	A council voted to slash cod catch rates by 77 % in area from Cape Cod to Nova Scotia The move is expected to decimate fishing communities and have domino effect "  We 're doomed , as they say , " said Massachusetts fisherman Dennis Robillard Environmentalists say depleted cod stocks show the region needs time to recover
The news from Pakistan is generally bad news . In the past week , which was far from atypical , suicide bombers attacked a court building in the northwestern city of Peshawar taking hostages and killing four people . In the southern city of Karachi the director of a renowned social program working in the megacity 's poorest neighborhoods was shot and killed . And gunmen kidnapped two female Czech tourists in southwestern Pakistan . But this past week also saw more than a glimmer of good news from Pakistan : Saturday , March 16 marked an extraordinary moment in Pakistani history , as this is the first time a civilian government has served its entire five-year term  from 2008 to 2013  . And , for the first time in its history , the Pakistani military appears unwilling to mount a coup against the civilian government . The military has successfully executed three coups and attempted a number of others since Pakistan 's independence in 1947 . Today the army understands that the most recent coup by General Pervez Musharraf who took power in 1999 has tarnished its brand . Musharraf hung on to power for almost a decade and his imposition of emergency rule in 2007 triggered massive street protests and eventually his ouster . On Saturday , Musharaf announced he is returning to Pakistan from self-imposed exile on March 24 to run in elections that are to be held two months from now . In a telling sign that Pakistan is moving into something of a new era , Pakistani military officials are not supportive of Musharraf 's return and nor is much of the Pakistani public . On May 11 , Pakistanis will go to the polls to elect a new civilian government for a five-year term , and there is now a good prospect for continued , uninterrupted civilian government until at least 2018 . In terms of Pakistan 's long-term health and stability , the fact that the country is in an unprecedented era of lengthy civilian rule will help erode the Pakistani military 's present position as having uncontested supremacy in all matters that relate to the country 's national security , in particular its relations with India and with Afghanistan . The military has backed insurgent and terrorist groups in India and Afghanistan to maintain its perceived interests in these countries . A more confident civilian Pakistani government will , hopefully , over time be less likely to support these militant groups . Another great opportunity  and potential peril  will present itself in Afghanistan , when Afghans go to the polls in April 2014 for the third presidential election since the fall of the Taliban . If that election is perceived as being relatively free and fair this would go a long way to ease tensions in the Afghan body politic , increase Afghanistan 's overall security and reassure both Afghan and outside investors that the country has a promising future . On the other hand , if the 2014 election is seen as unfair , corrupted and is deeply contested , this would likely precipitate a vicious circle of conflict , deteriorating security and capital flight . The United States , therefore , should do everything it can to provide technical and security assistance to make these elections go as well as possible . But unlike what happened in the run-up to the 2009 Afghan presidential election , U.S. officials should not get involved in privately backing certain candidates . This private support had the unintended effect of splitting the opposition to Afghan President Hamid Karzai , as key leaders of the anti-Karzai opposition all believed they were "  America 's candidate . " It also deeply alienated Karzai , whose occasional diatribes against the United States are best understood as due to his lingering resentment over this issue . A key aspect of U.S. and NATO planning for the Afghan presidential elections in April 2014 is that given the fact that there are no discernible front-runners to succeed Karzai , there may be no clear winner who attains more than 50 % of the vote , which under Afghan electoral laws would necessitate a runoff election between the two leading candidates . Security , technical and economic assistance for the Afghan elections should be prepared to extend into summer 2014 , because it is not clear as yet when that runoff might be held . Last year the United States and Afghanistan negotiated a Strategic Partnership Agreement , which ensures America will continue to play a supporting role there until 2024 . The exact details of what that agreement means in practice are still being hammered out  according to U.S. officials , these negotiations may take until November  but they are likely to include not only significant U.S. aid but also many thousands of American soldiers stationed in Afghanistan for years into the future as a guarantor of the country 's stability . The U.S. military has given President Obama a range of options under which as few as 6,000 or as many as 20,000 soldiers would remain in Afghanistan after 2014 . Those forces would work as advisers to the Afghan army and mount special operations raids against the Taliban and al Qaeda . Whatever the final decision is on troop levels , the key point is that the Obama administration and other U.S. officials should emphasize very clearly that the thousands of American soldiers who will remain in Afghanistan are there to support the United States ' long-term partnership agreement with Afghanistan -- and that its life extends well beyond 2014 . This is important to emphasize , because Afghans have been understandably confused by some of the different signals the Obama administration has made about its commitment to Afghanistan in the past . Major confusion arose after President Obama 's December 2009 announcement of the "  surge " of 30,000 troops to Afghanistan , which was coupled with the announcement that those troops would begin to withdraw beginning in July 2011 . In many Afghans ' minds , the withdrawal date became more important than the fact that during his first term Obama actually tripled the number of U.S. soldiers in Afghanistan from around 30,000 to a total of 90,000 . When the Obama administration announces the number of soldiers who will remain in Afghanistan post-2014 , it should emphasize that the U.S. commitment to Afghanistan is set to last until at least 2024 . This will help in multiple ways : First , this guarantee of a long-term U.S. commitment to Afghanistan will encourage other NATO countries to maintain some of their own troops in Afghanistan to work with the Afghans in areas like training the army and police past the end of the NATO combat mission in December 2014 . Such an announcement will also help reassure Afghans that the United States wo n't be simply turning off the lights in Afghanistan in December 2014 . And it will signal to regional powers like Pakistan and Iran that the United States plans to remain engaged in Afghanistan for many years into the future . A key issue facing the Afghan government as the United States draws down its forces is how will the Afghan economy fare ? Should the economy collapse , the Afghan government 's ability to deal with security issues would be substantially eroded . Already , rents in Kabul are tumbling and nongovernmental organizations are laying off staff . Surprisingly , however , a rigorous and comprehensive World Bank study last year found that Afghanistan will continue to have a healthy growth rate , dropping from its present robust 9 % a year rate "  to closer to 5 % on average until 2018 . "  The U.S. economy 's yearly growth rates over the past four years have been around 2 % . The economic contraction as the United States draws down is likely to be less severe than might be supposed , partly because the hundreds of billions that the U.S. military has spent in Afghanistan over the past decade is spending that almost entirely benefits the United States . The World Bank study points out that "  military spending by the United States  and other countries  finances the salaries of military personnel , investments in weapons equipment and systems . ... The impact of its withdrawal is therefore likely to be muted . " Another encouraging sign is the investigation of the troubled Kabul Bank , in which some $ 900 million was lost to fraud , indicating that the culture of impunity for corrupt Afghan officials might be beginning to erode . Earlier this month , 21 officials were found guilty of fraud and two of the former heads of the bank were sentenced to five years in prison . The Afghan Attorney General 's office said last week that it would appeal the sentences as being too soft given the scale of the fraud . A key question is the extent to which the Afghan army and police can operate effectively against the Taliban as the United States withdraws . As yet the Afghan army has n't shown the ability to conduct large-scale operations without significant American support . In addition , a big issue for the army is the extraordinarily high attrition rate . Today , a little more then a quarter of the recruits to the army drop out every year . Because of this high dropout rate , NATO is now considering maintaining the Afghan army and police at its present large size of 352,000 men through 2018 .  Estimates of the size of the Taliban typically are in the 25,000 range . One indicator of the increasingly Afghan-led nature of the fight against the Taliban is the fact that some 300 Afghan soldiers and policemen are now dying every month in the war , while in January three U.S. soldiers were killed , which was the lowest number of any month during the previous four years . On Afghanistan , Pakistan has some important common goals with the United States , NATO and Afghans themselves . Pakistan does not want to see Afghanistan collapse into a renewed civil war , which would destabilize Pakistan , nor does it want to see the Taliban in charge of the country again . When the Taliban was in power in Afghanistan the group resisted Pakistani efforts at control , while the Pakistani Taliban have killed many thousands inside Pakistan . These basic shared goals , no civil war and no Taliban control of Afghanistan , can help to create the conditions for a successful post-2014 Afghanistan Pakistan also wants a Pashtun-led government in Kabul and for the Taliban to have some representation in the south and the east . These are also goals the Afghans can live with . Karzai is , after all , a Pashtun and given the fact that Pashtuns are the largest ethnic group , the next president of Afghanistan almost certainly will be a Pashtun . And other ethnic minorities can live with a situation in which the Taliban assume a number of provincial and district governorships providing they lay down their arms , join the political process and recognize the Afghan constitution . According to a senior Afghan government official , numerous discussions between representatives of the Taliban and the Afghan government have taken place over the past years to discuss such a political accommodation , although , so far , not much of anything has come of these talks . Note : This story is adapted from testimony by Peter Bergen delivered to the House Foreign Affairs Committee on March 19 , 2013 .	Peter Bergen : For the first time , Pakistan government served its full term He says lack of military coup attempt shows government is more stable than many think Elections in Pakistan , Afghanistan likely to be crucial for those two nations Bergen : He says Afghan economy is resilient and corruption may be receding
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  As the avalanches continue in mountainous northeastern Afghanistan , the death toll keeps rising . For a third day in a row , heavy snowstorms caused avalanches in the Panjshir province on Thursday , bringing the total to 168 , officials said . They began Tuesday , continued Wednesday and two more avalanches took place Thursday , said provincial Gov. Abdul Rahman Kabiri . Authorities fear the toll will grow much higher since rescue personnel are yet to reach the worst affected areas . Panjshir is a small , mountainous province north of the capital , Kabul . Its residents are generally poor , earning their living as farmers , shepherds or operators of small businesses such as groceries .	Authorities fear the toll will grow higher Panjshir is a small , mountainous province
Washington  CNN  -- Most of the world 's 1.57 billion Muslims know that the Holy Quran states quite clearly that , "  Anyone who kills a human being ... it shall be as though he has killed all of mankind . ... If anyone saves a life , it shall be as though he has saved the lives of all of mankind . " Accordingly , it should come as little surprise to any reasonable observer that when Army Maj. Nidal Malik Hasan recently committed his shocking acts of mass murder at Fort Hood , Texas , America 's Muslim community of over 7 million felt an added sense of horror and sadness at this senseless attack against the brave men and women of the U.S. armed forces . True to form , many conservative media pundits wasted little time in pointing to reports that Hasan had said "  Allahu Akbar "  Arabic for "  God is great "  at the start of his murderous rampage . News coverage continuously showed the looping convenience store black-and-white videotape footage of Hasan wearing traditional white Islamic garb . First of all , someone simply saying "  Allahu Akbar " while committing an act of mass murder no more makes their criminal act "  Islamic " than a Christian uttering the "  Hail Mary " while murdering an abortion medical provider , or someone chanting "  Onward , Christian Soldiers " while bombing a gay nightclub , would make their act "  Christian " in nature . Simply put ; murder is murder and has no religion whatsoever . Professor Juan Cole of the University of Michigan once wrote that , "  One most certainly does insult Muslims by tying their religion to movements such as terrorism or fascism . Muslims perceive a double standard in this regard : Timothy McVeigh and Terry Nichols would never be called ` Christian terrorists ' even though they were in close contact with the Christian Identity Movement . No one would speak of Christo-fascism or Judeo-fascism as the Republican -LSB- s -RSB- ... speak of Islam-o-fascism . ... -LSB- Many people also -RSB- point out that -LSB- it was -RSB- persons of Christian heritage -LSB- who -RSB- invented fascism , not Muslims . " According to Pentagon statistics , there were over 3,400 American Muslims serving in the active-duty military as of April 2008 . The Wall Street Journal reported that many officials believe "  the actual number of -LSB- American -RSB- Muslim soldiers may be at least 10,000 higher than the Pentagon statistics . " Thus , with thousands of patriotic American Muslim women and men proudly serving in our United States Army in places like Iraq and Afghanistan , perhaps it would behoove our army leaders to consider sending a strong message of American unity by appointing an American Muslim to be a part of the prosecution team against Hasan . This would help show that the mass murders allegedly committed by Hasan have nothing to do with the teachings of our religion . The United States Army can send a resounding message to all Americans and the rest of the world that the social fabric of our country will never become unraveled by murderous  and irreligious  gun-wielding felons -- whether it is a Muslim in Fort Hood , Texas , or a non-Muslim on a shooting rampage in an Orlando , Florida , high-rise less than a day later . By appointing a multicultural  and multireligious  legal prosecution team made up of military lawyers of all races and religions , we can set a good example to show the rest of the world that our American legal justice system is truly equal for all people , regardless of their race , religion or socioeconomic status . The larger point is that Muslims in America completely disavow and wash our hands of any acts of murder  or terrorism  claimed to be performed in the name of our religion . Acts of mass murder , regardless of their time or place , are simply ungodly criminal acts that have no religion whatsoever . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Arsalan Iftikhar .	The Fort Hood killings were not a religious act , says Arsalan Iftikhar He says reports shooter said "  Allahu Akbar " do n't make slayings an "  Islamic " crime Iftikhar says Islam forbids the taking of human life Thousands of patriotic Muslims serve in the U.S. Armed Forces , he says
CNN  -- It was one of the worst genocides since the Nazi era . The brutal Khmer Rouge took over Cambodia in 1975 and terrorized the population for four years , killing more than one million people . One of its infamous leaders died Thursday , escaping judgment for war crimes at the hands of a U.N. tribunal . Ieng Sary passed away in the capital Phnom Penh at age 87 , the United Nations-backed court for Cambodia said . He was the foreign minister under , and the brother-in-law-of , Khmer Rouge dictator Pol Pot . On Tuesday , he was hospitalized for stomach pains . The Extraordinary Chambers in the Courts of Cambodia -- the U.N.-backed court -- will establish the cause of death before releasing his body to his family . Ieng Sary 's death leaves just two defendants facing judgment by the tribunal . His wife , Ieng Thirith , was excluded from the case after she was deemed unfit to stand trial in September 2012 . But charges of torture and murder will continue against the remaining defendants -- former nominal head of state Khieu Samphan and former prime minister Nuon Chea . Proceedings halted Following Ieng Sary 's death , Amnesty International asked the court to continue with its proceedings without delay . "  The news of Ieng Sary 's death will be difficult for the victims of the Khmer Rouge crimes who have waited so long for justice , " said Rupert Abbott of the human rights group . The court has faced criticism that it has proceeded too slowly with the trial . The defendants are more than 77 years old , and more of them could die before facing judgment . On Tuesday , proceedings came to a grinding halt after local staffers walked out , saying they will not return until they are paid wages owed by the cash-strapped court for the last three months . A bloody period Pol Pot came to power as a communist revolutionary after toppling the U.S. backed government in Phnom Penh , when American troops left the region in 1975 at the end of the Vietnam war . For the next four years , the communist Khmer Rouge under Pol Pot was blamed for the deaths of some 1.7 million people through torture , execution , hard labor and starvation . Pol Pot 's rule became known as the era of the killing fields when cities were emptied and residents slaughtered . A Vietnamese invasion in 1979 forced the Khmer Rouge to retreat back to the jungle . The dictator died in 1998 before the tribunal 's existence and never faced trial . Double jeopardy ? The Vietnamese who invaded Cambodia quickly put Ieng Sary on trial and convicted him in absentia in 1979 . When he defected from what remained of the broken Khmer Rouge regime in 1996 , the Cambodian king pardoned him . The defense for Ieng Sary once argued that the case against him should be dismissed on grounds of double jeopardy -- a defendant can not be tried twice for the same crime . The court considered the motion . CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report	He escapes justice for alleged genocide Genocide in Cambodia in the 1970 's killed more than a million The defendants are all over age 77 , and critics say the trial is dragging on People in Cambodia have shown high interest in the trial
CNN  -- The English Premier League has rejected a proposal to bring Scottish Premier League sides Celtic and Rangers into English football 's top flight . The Glasgow-based sides , who have dominated their own league both competitively and financially in recent years , had hoped to be part of plans submitted by Bolton chairman Phil Gartside who is keen on a two-tier league of between 36 and 40 teams . Both Celtic and Rangers would have been invited to join the lower of the two leagues under the plan , but the proposal was overwhelmingly rejected . English Premier League clubs will now consider whether to introduce a two-tier system as part of a wider strategic review . A statement from the Premier League said : "  Bolton Wanderers submitted a discussion paper detailing ideas concerning the restructuring of the Premier League into two tiers with the inclusion of Celtic and Rangers . "  The clubs welcomed the additional input into an ongoing process , however , they were of the opinion that bringing Celtic and Rangers into any form of Premier League set-up was not desirable or viable . "  The other relevant ideas contained within Bolton 's paper will now be taken forward as part of the wider strategic review being undertaken by the Premier League since November 2008 with the aim of providing recommendations before December 2010 . " The rejection comes as Rangers revealed that they made a loss of nearly $ 22 million last year , compared with a profit of $ 11.3 m the previous year . Rangers are currently seeking new owners , with former chairman David Murray keen to off-load his controlling stake . The club have also been hit by a fine by governing body UEFA for crowd trouble during their Champions League match against Unirea Urziceni on November 4 in Romania . Rangers have been fined $ 30,000 for the behaviour of their supporters while Romanian outfit have been hit with a fine of around $ 12,000 for their organisation at the Group G clash .	The English Premier League have rejected a proposal to bring Celtic and Rangers into English football 's top flight The Glasgow-based sides had hoped to be part of plans submitted by Bolton chairman Phil Gartside Rangers have also been fined by UEFA for the behavior of their fans during their match against Unirea Urziceni
If investment banker Antonio Weiss wins Senate confirmation as a Treasury under secretary , he 'll walk away with a parting payment of up to $ 21 million . Talk about a win-win . The financial services firm Lazard , where Weiss is the global head of investment banking , has agreed to pay him about $ 16 million in unvested income early and give him between $ 1 million and $ 5 million in deferred compensation , according to financial disclosure records he filed with the government ethics office . The disclosures are likely to add fuel to the fire being stoked by liberal Senate Democrats who are bucking President Barack Obama by opposing Weiss ' nomination -- a charge led by Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren . She argues in part that there are already too many "  Wall Street executives dominating the Obama administration , as well as the Democratic Party 's , overall economic policymaking . " The practice of Wall Street executives cashing out early when they take government jobs drew criticism during last year 's confirmation hearings for the man who might be Weiss ' new boss , Treasury Secretary Jack Lew . When Lew left Citigroup in 2008 and later joined the State Department , he made somewhere between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 in early stock payouts . Deferred compensation and vested stock options were originally designed to keep talented employees from jumping ship . That 's left people like Heather Slavkin Corzo of the AFL-CIO asking , "  Why are we paying these people to leave ? " "  Unless it 's just a backdoor way to pay off newly minted government regulators , " she added , "  it 's hard to see how it 's in shareholders ' interest . " In fact , the practice led AFL-CIO president Richard Trumka to write to seven Wall Street players last month . In a letter to Weiss ' firm , he wrote , "  Why is it in the interest of Lazard to incentivize such departures ? Surely Lazard does not expect favorable government treatment from its former executives . " And that , of course , is exactly what critics fear . "  The question is why would a company give an executive a special financial reward as they 're about to take a government position . Some people say these policies encourage public service , but we worry that they give financial insiders even more sway over the government . In some ways , these companies are ensuring that they 'll have friends in high places , " said Michael Smallberg of the Project On Government Oversight , a government watchdog group . Smallberg authored a report last year that found a number of major corporations financially reward employees who go through the revolving door . Some Weiss supporters say his appointment is n't a typical revolving door scenario because Lazard is n't regulated by the recent Wall Street reforms aimed at reining in practices that led to the financial crisis . A Lazard spokeswoman said Weiss declined to comment and that the firm does not discuss compensation . Earlier this week , The New York Times ' Andrew Ross Sorkin defended the practice writing , "  Would n't it be nice if all private sector businesses offered their employees the opportunity to pursue public service work ... without giving up income or other benefits that they may have earned ? Of course it would be . Well , that 's what the compensation policies of many of the firms in question do . Frankly , it should be encouraged more broadly . " But to watchdogs like Smallberg these policies "  show how the revolving door is literally written into the pay plans of big companies that already have an advantage over public interest groups when it comes to lobbying and making their voices heard . "	Investment banker Antonio Weiss has been picked for a Treasury under secretary post Weiss stands to gain up to $ 21 million if he leaves his Wall Street firm for D.C. The information comes from financial disclosure records he filed The payout has angered some on the left including Sen. Elizabeth Warren
CNN  A New York jury deliberating the fate of the man charged with the 1979 killing of 6-year-old Etan Patz is struggling to reach a verdict . The little boy 's disappearance , more than three decades ago , sparked an era of heightened awareness of crimes against children . Deliberations resumed on Thursday , one day after New York Supreme Court Justice Maxwell Wiley ordered the jury to continue efforts to reach a decision on the guilt or innocence of a bodega worker named Pedro Hernandez . On the 10th day of deliberations , the jurors on Wednesday said in a note that they were unable to reach a unanimous decision . Hernandez confessed to police three years ago , but his lawyers said he made up his account of the crime . Etan Patz 's parents have waited more than 35 years for justice , but some have questioned whether that is even possible in Hernandez 's case . His lawyer has said that he is mentally challenged , severely mentally ill and unable to tell whether he committed the crime or not . Hernandez told police in a taped statement that he lured Patz into a basement as the boy was on his way to a bus stop in Lower Manhattan . He said he killed the boy and threw his body away in a plastic bag . Neither the child nor his remains have ever been recovered . But Hernandez has been repeatedly diagnosed with schizophrenia and has an "  IQ in the borderline-to-mild mental retardation range , " his attorney Harvey Fishbein has said . Police interrogated Hernandez for 7 1/2 hours before he confessed . "  I think anyone who sees these confessions will understand that when the police were finished , Mr. Hernandez believed he had killed Etan Patz . But that does n't mean he actually did , and that 's the whole point of this case , " Fishbein has said . But in November , a New York judge ruled that Hernandez 's confession and his waiving of his Miranda rights were legal , making the confession admissible in court . Hernandez is charged with two counts of second-degree murder for allegedly intending to cause the boy 's death and for a killing that occurred during a kidnapping . Another man 's name has also hung over the Patz case for years -- Jose Antonio Ramos , a convicted child molester acquainted with Etan 's babysitter . Etan 's parents , Stan and Julia Patz , sued Ramos in 2001 . The boy was officially declared dead as part of that lawsuit . A judge found Ramos responsible for the boy 's death and ordered him to pay the family $ 2 million -- money the Patz family has never received . Though Ramos was at the center of investigations for years , he has never been charged . He served a 20-year prison sentence in Pennsylvania for molesting another boy and was set to be released in 2012 . He was immediately rearrested upon leaving jail in 2012 on charges of failing to register as a sex offender , The Associated Press reported . Since their young son 's disappearance , the Patzes have worked to keep the case alive and to create awareness of missing children in the United States . In the early 1980s , Etan 's photo appeared on milk cartons across the country , and news media focused in on the search for him and other missing children . "  It awakened America , " said Ernie Allen , president and chief executive officer of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . "  It was the beginning of a missing children 's movement . " The actual number of children who were kidnapped and killed did not change -- it 's always been a relatively small number -- but awareness of the cases skyrocketed , experts said . But the news industry was expanding to cable television , and sweet images of children appeared along with distraught parents begging for their safe return . The fear rising across the nation sparked awareness and prompted change from politicians and police . In 1984 , Congress passed the Missing Children 's Assistance Act , which led to the creation of the National Center for Missing & Exploited Children . President Ronald Reagan opened the center in a White House ceremony in 1984 . It soon began operating a 24-hour toll-free hot line on which callers could report information about missing boys and girls . CNN 's Lorenzo Ferrigno and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Etan Patz disappeared in 1979 ; his face appeared on milk cartons all across the United States His case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children Pedro Hernandez confessed three years ago to the killing
Gary Oldman has written a letter apologizing for statements he made in a Playboy interview that have been slammed by Jewish groups . In a letter to the Anti-Defamation League , Oldman said he was "  deeply remorseful " for the comments about Mel Gibson , which the ADL said put forward anti-Semitic stereotypes . "  I am deeply remorseful that comments I recently made in the Playboy Interview were offensive to many Jewish people , " Oldman said . "  Upon reading my comments in print -- I see how insensitive they may be , and how they may indeed contribute to the furtherance of a false stereotype . Anything that contributes to this stereotype is unacceptable , including my own words on the matter . " Gary Oldman goes off on hypocrisy , political correctness , Gibson and Baldwin In the interview , on newstands Friday and already published online , Oldman wades into the controversies involving Mel Gibson and Alec Baldwin , though to be fair , he does so in the context of ripping hypocrisy and political correctness . Gibson was pilloried for anti-Semitic remarks he made in 2006 ; Baldwin was criticized for lashing out at paparazzi with an anti-gay slur last year . "  Mel Gibson is in a town that 's run by Jews and he said the wrong thing because he 's actually bitten the hand that I guess has fed him -- and does n't need to feed him anymore because he 's got enough dough , " Oldman said in the interview . "  But some Jewish guy in his office somewhere has n't turned and said , ` That f *** ing kraut ' or ` F *** those Germans , ' whatever it is ? We all hide and try to be so politically correct . That 's what gets me . It 's just the sheer hypocrisy of everyone . " Oldman 's longtime manager , Douglas Urbanski , defended Oldman in a statement to CNN . "  I have looked at the Playboy interview a few times now -- in fact I was in the room during the entire 8 or 9 hours . I am unaware -- as I have seen reported -- of Gary Oldman defending any anti-Semitic remarks in the interview , or , for that matter , anyplace ! " said Urbanski . "  He would not do so , and in fact he finds any kind of bigotry , homophobia , anti-Semitism , racism or sexism unacceptable and disgraceful . Period . If you read the Playboy piece correctly and entirely , and in context , it is the hypocrisy of political correctness that Gary is addressing , nothing else . " The ADL , however , was not placated by Oldman 's apology . "  We have just began a conversation with his managing producer . At this point , we are not satisfied with what we received . His apology is insufficient and not satisfactory , " ADL National Director Abraham Foxman said . The Playboy interview appears in the magazine 's July/August issue . Oldman stars in the forthcoming film "  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes . "	Gary Oldman apologizes for remarks in Playboy interview His statements about hypocrisy and Mel Gibson controversial Anti-Defamation League said words feed into anti-Semitic beliefs Jewish organization finds apology "  insufficient "
LONDON , England  CNN  -- It was Anabella De León 's frail 86-year-old mother who answered the door when the men came knocking . "  They told her , ` say to Anabella that we are going to kill her very soon , ' " De León told CNN . The visit left her mother crying , anxious and shocked . Congresswoman Anabella de Leon with her husband in London for a performance of "  Seven " by Vital Voices . That was four months ago . No attempt on her life has been made , De León said , but she still looks over her shoulder , takes alternative routes in her car , constantly checking that she 's not being followed . Anabella De León is not well known outside Guatemala . Within the Central American country though , she has made headlines as an outspoken critic of corruption . She 's serving her fourth term in Congress as a member of the Patriotic Party , which last weekend elected her to one of its top posts of Third National Secretary . The death threats are not new . Since 2002 , she 's been protected by at least one security guard on request from the Inter-American Commission on Human Rights . Her 26-year-old son is also shadowed by a security guard ; a precautionary move in response to earlier threats connected to De León 's anti-corruption efforts . "  The fight against corruption does n't give you friends , " she said . " -LSB- It -RSB- gives you enemies , important and dangerous enemies , " she told CNN during a recent trip to London for a performance of the play "  Seven , " which profiles De León and six other international female leaders . Read more about "  Seven . " After 22 years of speaking out against corruption , first as a lawyer and then as a congresswoman , De León says she remains fearful given the legacy of violence and instability in Guatemala . De León noted that the country had recently been shaken by one killing in particular . On May 10 , a high-profile lawyer was shot dead while cycling in Guatemala City . Rodrigo Rosenberg 's killing might not have made headlines had he not recorded a video message just four days earlier . "  If you are watching this message , " Rosenberg said on the video , "  it is because I was assassinated by President Álvaro Colom , with help from Gustavo Alejos , " his private secretary . In the video , the lawyer predicted he would be targeted for speaking out about the killings of his client , a prominent businessman and his daughter . Rosenberg claimed they were killed because they had refused to participate in acts of corruption . President Colom has vehemently denied the claims . "  We categorically reject the accusations that pretend to tie the president , first lady and private secretary as those responsible for this assassination , " Colom said in a national address in May . Colom 's Foreign Minister blamed Rosenberg 's death on members of organized crime who he says are seeking to destabilize the country . The case sparked street protests both for and against the president . The government has promised a full and fair investigation into the killing and has received the support of the Organization of American States  OAS  . The inquiry is being led by the International Commission against Impunity in Guatemala  CICIG  , a United Nations-backed body established in 2007 to battle corruption in the country . The Federal Bureau of Investigation  FBI  is assisting . De León sees the killing and the political scandal as a reminder of the enormity of the problems plaguing Guatemala . The country has been struggling to recover from a bloody 36-year civil war which ended in 1996 . According to the United Nations , Guatemala has one of the highest murder rates in the world , with many killed by street gangs or in robberies . Almost 2,000 violent deaths were recorded in the first four months of this year and the Office of Human Rights warns 2009 is on track to become the most violent year in the country 's recent history . Offenders know there 's little chance of being caught . The U.N. says only two percent of crimes are ever solved . Meanwhile , the gap between rich and poor is more like a chasm and social services are suffering as a result of one of the lowest rates of tax collection in the world . President Álvaro Colom and his party , the National Union of Hope , came to power last year with a promise to crack down on corruption , crime , poverty and impunity . Kevin Casas-Zamora , senior fellow in Foreign Policy and the Latin American Initiative at the Brookings Institution told CNN similar promises have been made by previous governments , but they have tried and failed to bring change . "  Business interests are very cohesive and very powerful in Guatemala , then you have organized crime which is a new and powerful actor , " said Casas-Zamora , who recently served as Vice President of Costa Rica . "  Those actors have no intention whatsoever of letting the State become effective in fighting against corruption and organized crime . It 's been proven time after time that -LSB- the government -RSB- has been blocked , " Casas-Zamora said . De León says regardless of the political outcome of the murder allegations , the scandal may have prompted a subtle and potentially powerful change among Guatemala 's population . She believes recent street protests demanding justice for Rodrigo Rosenberg 's death are a sign that people are ready for change . "  People in Guatemala are tired , tired of injustice , tired of corruption , tired of abuses , of violations , " she said . "  Guatemala needs to change . But for change , you need not one voice , not two voices , not 20 voices . Fifty-thousand people in the last demonstration are proof that everybody 's tired . "	Congresswoman Anabella De León tells CNN of her fight against corruption De Leon : "  People in Guatemala are tired , tired of injustice ... abuses " Guatemala gripped by political crisis after murder of a high-profile lawyer President Álvaro Colom denies allegations of involvement in the murder
Washington  CNN  -- House Republicans are fashioning a scaled-down bill to address the southern border crisis that would provide less than $ 1 billion and include an immigration policy change that most Democrats strongly oppose . There is increasing concern from members that they can not leave town next week for their August recess without showing they have a solution to the surge of migrant youth from Central America overwhelming immigration services . "  I 'm not going home -- I do n't have enough guns to protect myself , " Texas GOP Rep. John Carter told CNN about his determination to get something passed in the House . Expressing his anxiety about the need to address the situation in his state , Carter said , "  It 's that bad in Texas . " Poll : Border crisis impacts public opinion But even if the House does pass a measure , a significant number of Senate Democrats are pushing for a larger spending bill without any policy change . So , it 's unclear whether legislation would get to President Barack Obama 's desk in time . Earlier this week , House GOP leaders discussed a $ 1.5 billion package -- more than $ 1 billion less than a plan introduced on Tuesday by Senate Democrats and significantly smaller than the $ 3.7 billion proposal the White House sent to Congress earlier this month . Obama meeting with Central American leaders But with solid Democratic opposition , House Speaker John Boehner and his deputies struggled to get enough support from fellow Republicans to hit the 218-vote threshold needed for passage . A significant bloc of GOP members does n't want to give Obama any more money or change a law they do n't believe he 'll enforce anyway . Texas Rep. Kay Granger said after a meeting with all House Republicans on Friday that the emerging plan will include some key recommendations from a border working group appointed by Boehner that she headed up . The package will also have a smaller price tag . The chief policy aim is to alter a 2008 law to make it easier to deport children coming to the United States from Guatemala , Honduras , and El Salvador . Currently , they are permitted to stay in the country until they receive a hearing . That can take months or years . Those who maintain they face threats of sexual abuse or violence would stay in United States and receive a hearing within seven days . The Obama administration has indicated that it is open to making some tweaks to the law , but many congressional Democrats oppose changes and reject the GOP 's move to attach that provision to the border money . Florida Rep. Mario Diaz Balart , a member of the GOP working group that traveled to Central American recently , argued that linking the policy with the money was critical . "  You have to deal with the problem . The perception by people in other countries that America will allow you to come here and make any claim you choose and stay . That is not true . We need to engage the President , " be said . The House GOP bill also calls for sending National Guard troops to the border and allowing Border Patrol agents to enter federal lands . Rep. Devin Nunes , a California Republican , told CNN there was "  broad consensus " to vote on the measure next week . White House : Congress should n't leave town without acting One conservative GOP member , South Carolina Rep. Mick Mulvaney , questioned whether the situation was really the crisis that many say it is , but said he supported the pledge from leaders to offset the new spending by drawing funds from other programs . "  As long as it 's paid for I have no difficulty with moving money within the government . You 're going to have to find a way to care for the people who are here , that 's the reality we face . You 're going to have to find a way to pay for sending people home . That 's just a reality we face , " Mulvaney said . Acknowledging that the GOP bill could fail to attract enough Democrats and conservatives , Illinois Republican Adam Kinzinger said , "  If they want to vote no , let them . Let them own their votes . " The No. 2 Democrat in the Senate drew a hard line on accepting any immigration policy changes as part of the border bill . "  The overwhelming majority of Democrats think it 's a mistake , " Sen. Dick Durbin told CNN on Thursday . Sen Dianne Feinstein , D-California , the 2008 law 's original author and now the point person for the White House on finding a way to make changes , told CNN she does not think it can happen by the end of next week . "  This bill is very complicated and we have to know what we 're doing , " said Feinstein . Crisis on the border Rick Perry on the border CNN 's Paul Courson contributed to this report	House Republicans hope to vote on scaled-down bill before they leave town for recess "  I 'm not going home -- I do n't have enough guns to protect myself , " Republican tells CNN Scaled-down funding , change to 2008 law are non-starters in the Senate
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- HBO 's "  True Blood " is already in its third season and it is one of the most watched shows on cable . The last show on HBO to garner as large an audience was "  The Sopranos . " The show has tons of fan sites and more "  True Blood " fanatics worldwide than you can shake a stake at . So what better time to launch a comic book right ? Well , that 's exactly what creator Alan Ball thought . He , along with publishers IDW and HBO , are putting out the first "  True Blood " comic book in a series which debuts at Comic-Con . But if you think it 's just like the TV show , think again . CNN recently spoke with Ball about the comic book , the show and what 's next for "  True Blood . " CNN : So we are going into the third season of "  True Blood . " Alan Ball : Yeah . CNN : It 's as popular as ever . There could n't be a better time to bring out the comic book . Ball : Well , we were approached last year by some comic book publishers and it seemed like a great fit . I mean it seems like there 's definitely characters and a story to fill comic books outside of the world of the show . So I said yeah , let 's go for it . We got together and we talked about stories , and we came up with a story . Now issue one is ready and it 's going to be available at Comic-Con on July 21 . CNN : Was it hard to create this comic book series ? ... The TV show is based on a book , so are you paralleling the comic book to the actual show ? Ball : Well it was a little difficult for me because comics are such a distinct medium in which I have never worked . So I had to learn a little bit about the medium and what it was all about . What we decided to do was to take the characters of the show and put them in a story that 's independent of the show itself , but is very true to the mythology of the show . It 's not something that is dependent on the show or the show is dependent on it , which makes a lot of sense . CNN : But is it hard to essentially write two different "  True Blood " scripts ? Ball : Well , you have to stay on top of the mythology . You ca n't have vampires being made one way in the comic book and a different way in the show . You ca n't have characters having different histories in the show and another one in the comic . ... You just really have to stay true to what we call the bible of the show and not deviate from that . And that 's hard . As each year goes on there 's more stuff to stay on top of . CNN : The creatures are very interesting in the comic book series . Ball : There is a new creature in the comic book that is different from any creature that we 've done on the show . But who 's to say what 's going to happen in the future . CNN : How hard was it to develop the picture for that ? Ball : We actually knew what the creature was . But in terms of how it manifested physically and what powers it had to work with -- well , I sort of left that up to the artist . We knew that it was vicious , it was supernatural , it was not human , and it could do some real damage . And that sort of got incorporated into the writing of the script . CNN : Are you influenced by the fans because many times these fans know stuff that even the "  True Blood " writers and publicists do n't know about . Ball : It 's true , they are very hardcore . CNN : Putting a comic book together , are you looking at some of those fan sites to see what people want or what they 're saying at all ? Are you influenced by that ? Ball : I 'm not . I personally do not go to those sites . I do n't read what people post . There are plenty of people in the writers room who do and communicate things to me . I just do n't have the time . And obviously I spend so many hours per day working on "  True Blood " that in my free time the last thing I want to do is have more "  True Blood " -- you know what I mean ? I tend to read or play with my dogs or go in the canyon or something like that , because I do n't want to go crazy . I want to maintain some reality . CNN : So you guys are unveiling the comic book at Comic-Con this week . Who 's going to be there ? What are we going to see at Comic-Con ? Ball : A lot of us are going to be there -- a lot of the cast . I know that Anna and Stephen and Ryan and Sam and Rutina and Nelson and Deborah will be there . I think Joe is going to be there . I do n't think Alexander Skarsgard is going to be there because he 's going to be shooting a movie . I 'm assuming it 'll be pretty much the same group , and we have a big panel discussion . We 're going to sign autographs and just sort of partake in the wackiness that is Comic-Con . It 's really fun . CNN : How many comic books are in the first series ? And how many will be put out ? Ball : We 're going to do six issues this year . I think there will be a new one every month . And then once all six issues are published , they will be bound in a special collector 's anthology edition . And I 'm assuming we 'll do it again next year if it works out well . CNN : So where do you hope to rank in the world of comic books ? Ball : Oh I do n't know , I 'm such a newbie . To use a "  True Blood " term , I 'm such a newbie to the world of comics that I 'm not really sure . I know the comic book is really good . It 's a really fun story . It 's really entertaining . It 's all the characters that you know and love in a new situation fighting a new adversary . You also get some very interesting back story on all the characters , which is very true to who they are . I 'm very pleased with it . CNN : Since it 's independent of the actual show , will you have new characters being introduced into future issues of the comic book series ? Ball : There is a main story where one known character encounters this creature in a situation that they ca n't get out of , and each of them sort of shares a story from their past and that 's where we might meet some new people . We 'll see some people who may no longer exist on the show . CNN : Okay so give us a sneak peak of upcoming episodes on season three . Ball : Very soon you 're going to find out something that is very important from Eric 's past and that is going to motivate him and has been motivating him for years . That is a little bit of a big shocker .	"  True Blood " is capitalizing on popularity with a comic book The first issue in the series is scheduled to be released at Comic-Con The show 's creator spoke with CNN about the new project and the upcoming television season
CNN  -- When I visited Princeton University on Monday , I took a walk past the Gothic dormitories on University Place before speaking about my career to a student seminar -- the same one I took 10 years ago . Every time I see the entrance to Foulke Hall , I am overcome with disbelief that my friends and I are n't still students . I consider it a cruel and unusual fact of life that there is a learned student living in my 171 square feet of paradise . But we all had to move on , and I am happy . I 'm 29 , I live in Atlanta , I work at CNN.com , and I did not marry a Princetonian . Susan Patton 's letter to the Daily Princetonian advising female students to find a husband on campus is surprising in its antiquated assumptions , for sure . Democratic strategist and CNN commentator Donna Brazile and others have taken it apart for its focus on marriage over career and its pointedness toward male-female relationships . I do n't fault anyone for wanting their college romances to continue , and I know some that have . But in my experience , parts of her letter are out of whack with the realities of college today . I 'm sure Princeton was different for the class of 1977 , when Patton graduated . There were only 200 women .  Princeton began admitting women only in the fall of 1969 !  She wrote that it was seen as "  heresy " for her to say she wanted to get married and have children . In my generation , the gender breakdown on campus is nearly 50-50 , and I never felt even a little unwelcome as a woman . I heard people express the wish to have a career , marriage and children . But it was far from the only thing we talked about . We talked philosophy , politics , religion , diversity , journalism , anthropology and the value of higher education ; that 's the level of dialogue that I craved when I applied in the first place . Patton writes about how freshman women should be "  a little nicer " to senior men , as though women never date men younger than themselves in college , and therefore , there are fewer to choose from as each new class graduates . As a freshman , I barely even knew any seniors . I 've heard I seemed "  nervous " and "  spazzy " in my first year . I lived in fear of sounding stupid , getting subpar grades and locking myself into a major I did n't like . I was probably less emotionally prepared to have a serious relationship than at any other time in my college career . Seven years after graduation , I understand how difficult a college marriage , the kind Patton suggests , could be . Many of my good friends from Princeton are in Ph.D. programs across the country or are practicing lawyers or doctors , teachers or nonprofit administrators or , like me , journalists . In order to have those great careers , though , a lot of us had to move around . We had to take jobs or attend graduate programs that were very far away from our idyllic New Jersey town and far away from each other . I know some Princeton couples who did the long-distance thing and are now engaged or married . Let 's be clear : They did n't get married in college , but the hard work of balancing two careers in flux can work out . Personally , I could n't have done it . Distance is painful . New surroundings change people . Time changes people . Other people change people . This is not a Princeton problem . This is a 22-year-old problem . There is this truth in Patton 's letter : When you live in close proximity to thousands of other people your age , it 's not unreasonable to hope that you will meet at least one other person who captures both your heart and mind . Intelligence is sexy , so a lot of really smart people are going to casually hook up or date or both . Princeton is a place that brings together some of the most fascinating people I have ever encountered . Joyce Carol Oates gave me advice on my novel . Peter Singer taught me about animal cruelty . Science writer Michael Lemonick got me interested in what I do today . I got useful sex advice from Dr. Ruth Westheimer . The experiences we had at Princeton do change our lives . They inspire inside jokes among friends and lovers that seem annoying or absurd to anyone else and make us think that we will always maintain some connection . The school inspires a longing to return to that beautiful time when we were surrounded by thousands of people our age who also loved to learn . About 20,000 alumni come back to Princeton for Reunions every year , a testament to the memories of "  Old Nassau . " Princeton is also notorious for breeding life partnerships . Pick up any copy of the Princeton Alumni Weekly magazine and you 'll see the latest wave of marriage announcements . Love that happens in college can be incredibly powerful , solidified by uninterrupted time spent together and shared academic and social bliss . But it 's not everything . I met my college sweetheart after my junior year , when I had been taking five classes per semester , running two campus magazines , writing for other publications and tutoring a second-grader . I literally planned every hour of every weekday except six hours of sleep . He was two years younger -- scandalous ! -- and he respected me for all of my efforts . He even recognized my name from The Nassau Weekly . I 'd like to let you all in on a little secret : If you are following your intellectual passions , that itself makes you attractive . But do n't do it to meet other people . Do it for yourself . If I had married my college sweetheart , I would have dragged him to Atlanta , a city without the think tanks and rigorous public policy programs where he would thrive . Or I would have moved somewhere for him , and given these uncertain times in journalism , it is unclear whether I would have stayed in the field I love . Inside the Princeton bubble , this may seem improbable , but you can find fascinating people who did not go to Princeton or any schools atop the U.S. News & World Report rankings . I know smart , funny people without four-year degrees . I have wonderful friends with great careers with degrees from non-elite schools . In fact , I have been dating one of these amazing people for five years -- longer than a Princeton education . Disregarding the language in Patton 's letter that 's offensive to some , it 's really not revolutionary . Of course , many people want to find their life partner in college . I 'm going to go out on a limb here and say : It 's OK to want to find your life partner in college . You 're also going to be OK if you do n't find your life partner there . A true life partner is going to admire you for following your own intellectual or career passions anyway , so do n't change yourself for someone else . Potential life partners are findable -- even ones , as Patton says , "  worthy of you . " I still miss my dorm , though , and I 'm totally going to Reunions . Elizabeth Landau is on Twitter at @lizlandau . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Elizabeth Landau .	Princeton alumna says it 's OK to look for life partner in college Differing career paths , distance can complicate relationships that started in college Susan Patton 's letter to the Daily Princetonian has been controversial
CNN  -- With the arrival of Lollapalooza 2012 , 100,000 attendees are expected to descend on Chicago 's Grant Park every day this weekend . The event has been sold out for several months , with The Black Keys , Red Hot Chili Peppers and Jack White headlining in addition to an Ozzy Osbourne-led reunion of Black Sabbath . But equally important to Lollapalooza founder Perry Farrell is his contingent of top DJs , which include Kaskade and Bassnectar . "  We are now blowing out our dance artists . We have two electronic dance musicians headlining . One is Justice , the other Avicii , " he said with genuine excitement . Dance artists are the new rock stars , and they 're commanding rock star salaries . "  They 're making millions , " Farrell said . "  The agents are asking the same fees they would ask for a rock artist because they 're saying , ` Look , we 're as attractive as a rock artist , so why should n't we be making the same amount of money ? ' " Farrell 's band , Jane 's Addiction , wo n't be performing at Lolla this year , but on Saturday night they 'll be playing an after-party at the nearby Aragon Ballroom . Although tickets sold out in five minutes , fans of the pioneering alternative group will be able to see the show via a 360-degree live webcast . Lollapalooza has grown in size , but Farrell hopes to restore some of the intimacy with after-parties -- both official and unofficial  at last count , there were 31 official after-parties listed on the Lollapalooza website  . "  We 're taking the city , and we 're filling the arteries of the city and its nightclubs and ballrooms with our Lollapalooza audience and musicians . We 're taking it up a notch , and we 're taking it to four in the morning , " he said . "  I just love that . It 's not just Grant Park -- the whole city is alive ! " From 1991-1997 , Lollapalooza was a touring festival . It went on hiatus in 1998 , returned for one year in 2003 , then resurrected itself as a single location event in 2005 . It has been an annual fixture in Grant Park ever since . In 2011 , Farrell expanded the brand to Chile and Brazil in 2012 , and will be making a big announcement about Lollapalooza 's plans for expansion this Sunday .  Hint : It 's not a Lollapalooza cruise . Back in Chicago , doors have barely opened on Lollapalooza 2012 , but wheeling and dealing is already in motion to secure next year 's lineup . "  You 've got to really work at it . You 've got to bring to the people something that they did n't expect , they wo n't forget and they 've never had before . It 's not easy to do that , " Farrell said . "  That 's something you have to pull out of the ether . " His dream headliner ? "  There are a couple of legendary rock groups that I would love to get . Most of the time , the reason that you do n't get to work with them is it 's their problem -- meaning they 're not together , or they broke up , or they hate each other or they 're not healthy . " But in the meantime , Farrell already has one ace in the hole . "  I already know who 's going to be headlining next year , " he said with a sly smile .	100,000 attendees a day are expected to visit Lollapalooza this weekend The fest has grown in size , but founder Perry Farrell hopes after-parties will offer intimacy Headliners include The Black Keys and Jack White Farrell : "  We 're taking it up a notch , and we 're taking it to four in the morning "
CNN  -- I am a geomorphologist : a scientist fascinated by the interactions of storms , floods , fires and landslides . We humans may feel a bit above that fray -- we refer to the "  natural environment " as though it were a separate thing . Yet , as a landslide near Oso , Washington , tragically highlighted on Saturday , we remain subject to the forces of nature like all the rest of Earth 's creatures . At the latest count , 27 people are confirmed dead and 22 are still missing . A painful part of the natural order of things . Unlike those other inhabitants of Earth , however , we know something of how things work . This , too , was highlighted last week , when the Seattle Times reported on a study I did 15 years ago , one of many for the Hazel site , which had experienced recurring landslides . In that study , conducted for the Army Corps of Engineers , I had written of the possibility of a "  large catastrophic failure " based on numerical analyses that indicated potential instability of a huge mass of material above the zone of previous landslides . As a scientist , I knew that material would someday be on the valley floor . As intended , that report guided further work . Tracy Drury , an engineer who reported on the site for the Army Corps of Engineers , was also clear that "  catastrophic failure potential places human lives and property at risk . " He came up with designs to shore up the slope . Those designs were put in place ; everything was done that could be done to minimize the potential of a future landslide . A pleasant rural neighborhood , Steelhead Haven , sat directly across the river from the site . Drury 's most relevant design to protect lives was to try to buy up the properties and move people away . There were meetings to discuss these ideas , but nothing came of them . I was n't involved in the discussions , but I did attend a community meeting to discuss my analyses -- after a landslide in 2006 felled trees and crashed into the North Fork of the Stillaguamish River across the valley into the edge of Steelhead Haven . One response to my presentation , I was told , was that I was there to take their land . Construction of new homes continued , even after 2006 . In some cases , people were informed of the risk , but did n't trust the messenger , or decided it was an acceptable risk . I learned that some people were unaware that they lived across the river from an active landslide . I 've been asked , "  Where does responsibility lie ? " The cast is large . Homeowners choose to live in beautiful , but dangerous , places . Contractors and developers then build those homes , Realtors sell them , bankers finance them , local officials grant permits , governments set zoning rules , and voters elect the officials who make those rules . At every step , those decisions need to be made from positions of knowledge and understanding of the potential consequences . Then who is responsible to ensure that scientific findings are disseminated and clearly understood ? The scientists ? The government ? The media ? We can not help those lost at Oso , but we can look to do better in the future . This is not the last landslide , flood , fire , hurricane , earthquake , tsunami , drought , tornado , or any of a long list of threatening events that we face . Scientists work hard to understand these processes ; we need to ensure that everyone makes decisions fully aware of the potential consequences of their actions . We have work to do . I 'm getting calls from concerned homeowners wanting to know where to get information . It 's not easy to find . Landslide hazards have not been systematically mapped across the state , much less the country . Where work has been done , maps are hard to find . If found , they are difficult to interpret . Many local , state and federal agencies are working to improve this situation , but progress is slow and funding is tight . Mapping hazards is not a national priority . Yet it seems that , if my smartphone can tell me how to drive to the nearest coffee shop , it should be able to tell me what 's known about the hazards where I 'm standing . We have the technology ; we need the public interest to drive the required investment . Like most scientists , I toil in obscurity to make my small contribution . Maybe we scientists are missing the point . The problem with toiling in obscurity is that no one hears us . We need better special effects . Getting our messages across can save lives , although it will involve getting houses off flood plains , coastal bluffs and debris-flow fans . In general , folks do n't appreciate having a scientist , or government official , suggest they move . Perhaps there is another approach . It took a massive information campaign to dramatically cut consumption of cancer-causing cigarettes , surely we can motivate people to examine the facts in this case and do things that are ultimately good for all of us . In 1997 , a colleague and I co-founded a small not-for-profit institute seeking to provide land managers with the data and tools they need to make informed decisions . We both had young children ; we saw it as a way to help ensure their generation would have something worth managing . That 's gone well , but our targeted audience is too small and public funding too limited . To really change things , everyone should have the tools and data to make informed decisions , and use them . For that to happen , these tools need to be as cool and easy to use as the latest smartphone app ; lives depend on it .	Daniel Miller predicted possible catastrophic mudslide in Washington 15 years ago Miller : Engineers tried to shore up site and offered to buy out homeowners in danger Miller : Despite warnings , construction went on ; some did n't realize there was a risk He says assessments of danger should be readily available to potential homeowners
CNN  -- Nine days after her same-sex wedding , a 28-year-old Michigan woman was set upon on her way home from work , knocked unconscious by three men who kicked and punched her while shouting anti-gay epithets . "  Hey b -- , are n't you that f ----- from the news ? " one of the men asked , according to police . The assailants in Monday 's assault recognized her from local TV news coverage of her wedding , said Derrick Jackson , a spokesman for the Washtenaw County Sheriff 's Office . She and her partner were among the many gay and lesbian couples to recently make their unions official after a federal court struck down a Michigan amendment restricting marriage to one man and one woman . The victim , who does n't want to be identified , got herself to a hospital with significant bruising and swelling to the right side of her face as well as her torso and arm , Jackson said . Police in Washtenaw County -- about 30 miles west of Detroit -- were looking for the attackers . In many states , hate crime charges could be brought in such cases , but Michigan is one of 19 states that do not include sexual orientation in their hate crime laws , according to Sarah Warbelow , state legislative director for the Washington-based Human Rights Campaign , a national lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender advocacy group . Michigan 's hate crime law , known as the ethnic intimidation statute , protects people against crimes based on their "  race , color , religion , gender , or national origin . " But Michigan prosecutors acknowledge the law is inadequate , and lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender  LGBT  advocates agree . "  People on the other side of this issue tend to think of it as the LGBT community looking for a special right , " said Yvonne Siferd , director of victim services for Equality Michigan , a statewide LGBT anti-violence and advocacy organization . "  It 's not a special right to walk down the street holding the hand of people you love and not be attacked . " For more than two decades , advocacy groups have been pushing for states to adopt hate crime laws to include the LGBT community or expand existing laws to do so , according to the Human Rights Campaign . The laws would impose stricter sentences , increase accountability on assailants and broaden crimes to include hate crimes against property . The District of Columbia was the first jurisdiction to include sexual orientation and gender identity in hate crime laws in 1989 , according to Warbelow . In 2001 and 2002 , she said , advocates pushed for states to specifically protect the LGBT community in hate crime laws . The clamor was a direct response to the case of Matthew Shepard , a gay teenager who died after being tied to a fence in Wyoming and beaten in 1998 . In 2009 , President Barack Obama signed into law The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Hate Crimes Prevention Act , making hate crimes a federal offense in an attempt to protect members of the nation 's LGBT community and other groups from bias-motivated violence . Advocates hailed the federal law 's passage as a step in the right direction , but legislators appear to have abandoned efforts to expand it on a state level . "  Legislators have it stuck in their head that because it 's a federal law , they do n't have to pass it on a state level , " Warbelow told CNN . "  But there is a limited number of money the feds have to investigate hate crimes . It is much more ideal for states to have mechanisms to take on hate crime themselves . " The first effort at expanding Michigan 's ethnic intimidation statute dates back to 1997 , according to Ari Adler , press secretary for Michigan state house speaker Jase Bolger . But opponents have said that expanding the statute would make gays and lesbians a special class of citizens and signal that crimes against the LGBT community are more serious than those committed against heterosexuals , according to the state legislature 's Journal of the House . Chris Kolb , Michigan 's first openly gay state legislator , was the primary sponsor of the bill expansion in 2001 . He said the opposition reflected a basic lack of education about gay rights , the philosophy that you should n't add an additional penalty to a crime , and the fact that some people did not want to give special recognition to the LGBT community . "  There are still glaring gaps in the laws that generally protect people , " said Kolb , a former state representative who now heads an organization called the Michigan Environmental Council . "  Hate crimes , while they may be committed against an individual person , are aimed at the entire group of people they represent -- that 's why they are different than just a crime , " he said . "  They are sending a message to a group of people . " Michigan police officers are required to record data and report information for reported crimes , including whether sexual orientation was a factor , according to Warbelow . But prosecutors ca n't bring charges beyond the actual assault . "  The federal government ... wanted to see how much of a problem hate crimes were , " Warbelow said . "  The difference was the government took the data and said it was a problem and changed the law . Michigan has not . " Washtenaw County police say they do n't have any reason to believe the 28-year-old Michigan woman attacked on her way home is not credible . Police have no leads at this time . She told police she believes the prior publicity contributed to the attack . The police investigation continues , and whatever evidence is gathered will be turned over to prosecutors . Steven Hiller , chief assistant prosecutor for Washtenaw County , said prosecutors could contact U.S. attorneys if they determine that federal law is applicable . "  If the motivation for the crime was a person 's sexual orientation , it just does n't fall within the ethnic intimidation statute , " he said . Hiller added , "  It is not an unheard-of situation for our office to contact the U.S. attorney in appropriate circumstances to look at a particular case if federal law addresses a situation better than state law does . " Holder : Government to recognize Michigan gay marriages	Michigan woman is attacked days after her same-sex marriage was seen on local TV Michigan is one of 19 states that do not specifically protect LGBT community in hate crime statute 2009 federal Hate Crimes Prevention Act has not been extended to individual states Former state legislator : "  There are still glaring gaps in the laws that generally protect people "
CNN  -- California authorities extended their condolences Tuesday to the family of Juliani Cardenas , 4 , after a body was found that they say matches his physical description . Stanislaus County Sheriff Adam Christianson said he believes the remains of Jose Esteban Rodriguez , the man accused of abducting the boy , are also in the canal . A homicide warrant will be issued for Rodriguez , the former boyfriend of the boy 's mother , as they continue searching for him , he said . "  We want to offer our deepest condolences to the Cardenas family , " the sheriff said . "  This is a very difficult time for them . " The clothing on the body matches what the child was wearing when he was abducted two weeks ago , Christianson said . Formal identification of the boy 's body will take two to three weeks , he said . Christianson told HLN 's Nancy Grace that the family will be able to proceed with funeral plans . The discovery was made near Santa Nella , about 31 miles south of the area being searched for Juliani , who has been missing since he was taken from his grandmother January 18 in Patterson , Stanislaus Deputy Royjindar Singh told CNN . Juliani 's mother , Tabitha Cardenas , said last week that Rodriguez -- with whom she broke up about five months ago and who is the father of her unborn child -- would not purposely drive her son into the water . A person who answered at the Cardenas home Tuesday said there would be no comment on the developments . As the family mourned in private , the community held an outside evening prayer service in Patterson . A water authority employee found the body at 7:38 a.m. Tuesday , said Merced County Sheriff 's Deputy Tom MacKenzie . "  It 's very difficult to find the body of a child , " Christianson said . "  It 's been a very emotional case for everybody . " Authorities on Saturday had called off their lengthy search for Juliani in one part of the 117-mile Delta-Mendota Canal , but said the search would continue elsewhere . Friday night , divers in the canal located the vehicle belonging to Rodriguez , but there was no sign of him or the child . A witness had reported seeing the 2003 silver Toyota Corolla going into the water January 19 with a man and youngster inside , Christianson said last week . "  From the very beginning , we wanted to find little Juliani alive , " the sheriff said Tuesday . "  Everything led us to that canal . " The car had been trapped in 50 feet of water and was intertwined with two other vehicles , Christianson said Friday . The windows of the car were found opened and it was badly damaged , he said . Cardenas had said Rodriguez either wanted to have her son for himself or wanted revenge for their breakup . She said she never thought he 'd harm Juliani . Rodriguez "  wanted to be with my son , " Cardenas said on January 20 . "  He wanted to be with my son so bad that he took it to the extreme . " Cardenas said Rodriguez came to her house early January 18 , but she told him to leave because Juliani was asleep and had a cold . The boy 's school later called her after Rodriguez had gone there asking to spend time with the boy . Later that afternoon , Cardenas got a call from her frantic mother , who said Rodriguez had again come by and , despite her struggle , had snatched the boy from her arms . Christianson said last week there has been "  no electronic signature of any kind " from Rodriguez since the boy 's abduction , meaning no evidence of cell phone , credit card or debit card use . CNN 's Amanda Watts contributed to this report	NEW : Outside prayer service held in Patterson Authorities believe the body is that of Juliani Cardenas , 4 They also believe the remains of his suspected abductor are in the canal
CNN  -- New York Jets running back Mike Goodson was arrested on drug and gun charges in New Jersey early Friday morning , New Jersey State Police said . According to the NFL , Goodson , from Spring , Texas , signed a three-year , $ 6.9 million contract with the Jets this offseason . A tow truck driver called police at 3:15 a.m. Friday when he saw a vehicle stopped in the left lane on the westbound side of Interstate 80 in Denville , police said . Goodson , 25 , was the passenger in the GMC Yukon . Police found a loaded handgun , hollow-point ammunition , drug paraphernalia and a small amount of marijuana in the vehicle , said Lt. Stephen Jones , a state police spokesman . Goodson appeared to be intoxicated , Jones said , and was taken to St. Clare 's Hospital in Boonton Township , where he was evaluated and treated . He was sent to state police custody upon his release , Jones said . The driver , Garant Evans of Roselle , was arrested at the scene and faces the same charges , in addition to a DWI allegation and motor vehicle tickets . Evans , 31 , was a convicted felon before Friday 's arrest , Jones said . Jones said Goodson and Evans are being held on full-cash bail at the Morris County Jail . Goodson 's bail was set at $ 50,000 , and Evans ' was set at $ 150,000 .	Tow truck driver saw vehicle stopped on a New Jersey interstate , police say They say Goodson was a passenger , and drugs and a gun were in the vehicle Goodson and the driver are in jail after their arrests Goodson , from Spring , Texas , signed a three-year , $ 6.9 million contract with the Jets , NFL says
CNN  I recently read seven words that shook me to the core . In a mesmerizing interview in the new Smithsonian magazine , the civil rights historian Taylor Branch describes the three Freedom Riders who were killed in Mississippi 50 summers ago . All three had understood the dangers of going into the Deep South to register black voters . All had been trained in the practice of radical nonviolence . One of them , Michael Schwerner , lived out that ethic as he faced the gun-wielding Klansman who was about to murder him . Schwerner said to the man , calmly , "  Sir , I know just how you feel . " Then the man shot him and his two friends . Think about that . Put yourself in Schwerner 's shoes . Imagine what it would have taken to summon such stillness , such profound and sincere compassion for one 's killer , at the moment of death . And then put yourself in the shoes of that Klansman . After all , we know this story only because the Klansman later told it to investigators . He was haunted , for the rest of his life , by the depth of empathy that he confronted in that fateful instant . This story has stayed with me too , challenging me to admit it when in my comfortable everyday existence I fail to demonstrate even a fraction of that empathy and self-realization . But it 's stayed with me in my civic identity as well . And it 's made me wonder how much of our political and civic strife could be alleviated if we learned something from a young man who 's been dead a half century but never gave in to fear or hate . Look around our country today . Look at the New York policemen who feel so insulted that they think they must turn their backs on their mayor . Look at the African-American citizens of that city who feel that the NYPD has never shown them the respect those disgruntled officers now demand . Look at the online comment threads after Ferguson and Staten Island . Look at how black men in hoodies and white men with badges are demonized . Look at the escalation of outrage that leads to philosophical hashtag wars about whether #BlackLivesMatter or #AllLivesMatter . Look at the disgust that drips from the lips of Democrats as they brace for a reactionary GOP Congress and from Republicans as they decry imperious Democrats . Errol Louis : There are two sides to America 's policing issues Look now at the people in your own community . Look at the way we walk past people whose circumstances are radically different from our own . Perhaps they are richer or poorer than you , or more liberal or less , or more self-destructive or less . Look at the way we ascribe moral meaning to those differences . Look at the way we tell ourselves stories about what our selves are . Look at the way those stories always accuse others of faults and excuse us for our own . Look at the way those solipsistic habits , which start with those closest to us , radiate outward . I have been guilty of this kind of self-justification , both personal and political . So have you . And for all of us , this season is an occasion to ask what it would take to earn the right to say these words : I know just how you feel . To some people , this kind of radical compassion and loving nonviolence seems dangerously squishy , a slide down the slope to moral relativism . They fear that understanding the heart of another person , particularly the enemy , will lead to an obliteration of distinctions between self and other , between right and wrong . But that 's not how it was for Michael Schwerner and for the other Freedom Riders . They had a crystal-clear understanding of the moral differences between them and the last-stand defenders of Jim Crow , between good and evil . Their capacity for empathy empowered them -- not to subdue others but to invite them into goodness and thereby transform them . This power does not come easily . It takes a lot to say truly , in the heat of conflict , that you know how your adversary feels . And to say nothing more -- no letting him off the hook , no further demonstrations of your goodness . Frankly , few of us will ever attain the near-saintly disciplined open-heartedness of young Schwerner . But more of us can come closer . And when few of us even bother trying , we get the political culture of today : polarization for its own sake ; politics as a game of annihilation rather than repeat play ; citizens as bloodthirsty spectators . As we begin the new year , as conflicts over race and class and guns and belonging continue to rage across the land , let 's resolve to learn just how someone feels . And to let that knowledge guide our lives as citizens .	Eric Liu recalls words of civil rights worker before he was shot by KKK gunman Michael Schwerner told his killer : ' I know just how you feel ' Liu says we should look to empathy as we confront today 's divides
CNN  -- As we prepare to celebrate Earth Day on Sunday , let us not forget that Friday marks the second anniversary of the start of the BP oil spill . It deserves more than a shrug , an "  oh , yeah , " and "  how 's the fishing ? " It deserves more than a solemn voiced announcer relegating it to a "  this day in history , " with a picture from the archives to jog our memory . Sometimes , a tragedy has its own tragedy : It has its day , or week , or month in the news cycle ; then time passes and other things happen . We move on , directed by the media and politicians , to the next great outrage . In so doing , we may lose the why and the wherefore -- the things that caused us , through the lens and the pen , to be interested , involved , invested in a tragedy not our own . And we then forget just what made us a community , if only for a moment . As Desmond Tutu said : "  My humanity is bound up in yours , for we can only be human together . " Dear Reader , share with me , for a few minutes , the humanity of the Deepwater Horizon . For I am a daughter of the Gulf South , and this is personal -- though , as is often the case , the personal is universal . When the Deepwater Horizon well exploded , 11 people died . Not a lot of people , in the sense that they measure tragedies . But "  every individual is a world . " Eleven worlds exploded , and they had satellites -- spouses , children , siblings , parents , friends and neighbors -- still affected , still reeling out of orbit , still trying to cope with a void that can never be filled . Others lost their livelihood . We call the work we do "  making a living . " If we lose a job , we can hopefully , eventually , find another . But if we lose a "  living " -- a way of life -- what then ? The fishermen and their support network -- their satellites and dependents -- were crippled by the oil spill . Yes , the seafood industry has begun to recover , but it still limps . Tragedy affects our lives and our livelihoods . But it also affects our environment and the creatures that make it habitable , beautiful -- and profitable . Two years ago , we cringed at the pictures of the oil-soaked pelicans , the turtles and fish drowned in oil ; we were repulsed by the images of wetlands and marshes greasy , with slimeballs surfacing . Do we know the status of the fauna and flora today ? And we cheered the rescue efforts , we donated , we educated ourselves about ecosystems and coastal waterways and environmental interconnectedness . Do we have a minute on this anniversary to continue our education , to donate again to our ecological survival ? I felt anger two years ago , as oil spewed into my beloved Gulf . I was so angry , and words seemed as helpless as the birds and the marshes . How stupid . How arrogant . How greedy . Why do n't they do something ? When the governor and the local politicians railed and ranted and demanded and got their airtime , I 'll be honest : I cheered . I felt righteous indignation vicariously justified . Nor was the anger misplaced . BP was at fault . The Deepwater Horizon oil spill was n't an unavoidable accident . It resulted from negligence and avarice . Profit first , responsibility second . I am reminded of what Shirley Chisholm once said : "  When morality comes up against profit , it is seldom that profit loses . " But there is profit , and there is profit , and there are moral lessons in every tragedy -- practical lessons that bring us from the personal to the universal . Over the past two years , I have reflected , off and on , about dismay and anger and lessons , and I think I 've discovered three in the Deepwater Horizon . First , only Big Business has the resources to clean up its own mess . The federal government had neither the technicians nor the knowledge to stop the oil from gushing into the Gulf and sliming our shores , the barrier islands , marine life , our way of life and food supply . Second , and as a consequence , the philosophy that government should stay out of the way of Big Business primes the pump of disaster . I do n't want Big Brother in my life any more than the most fervent tea party Republican does . But , brother patriot , let me tell you a fact of life : We need the federal government to act as umpire . Only Big Government is big enough to keep Big Business from thumbing its nose at the public welfare , and besmirching the public 's health and safety . There 's a reason the Constitution begins , "  We the people in order to ... promote the common welfare ... " Third , there 's something wrong with the philosophy that almost any regulation is overregulation . No , we should have done something before the spill . We should have regulated BP and watched it closely , instead of giving it a pass to do as it pleased . To modify a clichÃ © , an ounce of regulation is worth many pounds of rectification . But in remembering this event , let us never lose sight that we 're all in this together . And when disaster strikes -- natural or man-made -- we must find the will to rebuild safer and stronger than before . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	Donna Brazile : Observances of Earth Day and the second year since BP oil spill are upon us As spill fades in memory , she says , we must remember why it drew out our shared humanity She says 3 lessons emerged : One , only Big Business has means to clean up own mess Brazile : Government staying out of way leads to disaster ; any regulation is not overregulation
CNN  -- Former Baltimore Orioles "  Iron man " Cal Ripken Jr. said Friday that his 74-year-old mother is doing well after being abducted by a gunman last week , but he thinks the kidnapping might have been premeditated . "  Premeditated is my word , not law enforcement , " Ripken told reporters . "  Certainly there was a plan . " But the ex-baseball star then hedged , saying that "  quite possibly it could have been random . " "  We really just do n't know why . " Ripken 's mother safe after abduction Violet Ripken is now safe and resting with relatives , he said . She has not yet returned home . "  You ca n't change your whole life and be fearful , " Ripken said of the attack . "  But it certainly changes your perspective . " Police in Aberdeen , Maryland , said a man with a gun showed up at her home between 7 and 8 a.m. Tuesday , and then forced her into her vehicle and drove off . She was found about 6:15 a.m. Wednesday in the back seat of her vehicle near her home . Her hands were bound but she was otherwise unharmed . Once she realized that she was alone in the car , the elder Ripken managed to stick a sweater out of the car window to attract attention , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation . Aberdeen authorities say they are still looking for motives in the case and have n't found evidence of ransom demands for the elder Ripken . "  At this time I can say we know of no ransom demand , " Police Chief Henry Trabert told reporters last week . He also said police do n't know of any relationship between the suspect and the Ripken family . The suspect apparently put sunglasses on the woman and they drove around all day and made stops for gas , but made no mention of Cal Ripken Jr. , Trabert said . The gunman did take the elder Ripken 's credit cards and it appears he used them at several places , the chief said . Police are looking for a white male with a light , thin build in his late 30s to early 40s last seen wearing a light-colored shirt , glasses and "  camo pants . " Police consider the man armed and dangerous . Authorities are currently trying to enhance video of surveillance footage from a nearby store , the source said . Cal Ripken Jr. achieved stardom as a shortstop and third baseman with the Baltimore Orioles and is a member of baseball 's Hall of Fame . He holds the Major League Baseball record the most consecutive games played -- 2,632 from 1982 to 1998 -- earning him the nickname "  Iron man . " Police release photos of suspect in kidnapping of Cal Ripken 's mother CNN 's Carol Cratty contributed to this report	NEW : The elder Ripken managed to stick a sweater out of the car window to attract attention She was abducted by a gunman last week Violet Ripken is safe and resting with relatives ; she has not yet returned home Police in Aberdeen say a man with a gun came to her home Tuesday
CNN  -- High school athletic director Brian Bordainick felt like he 'd been shot when he learned the crushing news about his "  9th Ward Field of Dreams " project . Coach Shyrone Carey , left , and athletic director Brian Bordainick are rebuilding a once-dominant football team . Architects who had agreed to help the Katrina battered Carver High School in New Orleans , Louisiana , win an NFL grant to build a $ 2 million stadium were pulling out -- the weekend before a Monday deadline . The firm apologized , Bordainick said , but it would not be able to provide a design proposal for the facility , which was critical to winning the $ 200,000 grant . "  I 've never been shot , but I imagine it felt something similar to that , " said Bordainick , recalling that day in December 2008 . To make matters worse , swarms of news media were gathering at the school to interview the 23-year-old boy wonder -- the self-described "  youngest high school athletic director in Louisiana " -- who was leading an effort to bring Carver 's athletic program back from near death . "  I sucked it up , did the story ... and when they left , I picked up the phone book and started calling architects in the city . " Watch update on New Orleans ' schools after Katrina " In an amazing moment of serendipity and opportunity , an entrepreneur friend of Bordainick 's happened to be at a party and cornered a partner in one of the city 's top architectural firms . The friend called Bordainick and -- before handing the architect the phone -- told Bordainick : "  You 've got 30 seconds to give your best elevator spiel you 've ever given . " The architect was Steve Dumez , design director for Eskew + Dumez + Ripple , who agreed to help , despite Bordainick 's preposterous plea . Watch Bordainick tell his story "  The one-day turnaround came as a bit of a shock , " Dumez said . "  What was crazy about it was trying to pull together an entire design proposal -- and that 's just something that does n't happen in 24 hours . " Usually such design proposals require as long as a month to complete . "  How could you not get sucked into such an amazing story ? " asked Dumez 's partner , Mark Ripple , a 30-year veteran New Orleans architect . "  There really is n't a good outlet in the area where kids can develop skills and self-esteem and all the things that come with a healthy recreation program . " The next day , the firm organized a small army of construction companies , civil engineers and architects who offered their support . "  We got the satellite images and the renderings done in 8 hours , " Bordainick said . The proposal worked . In March the school learned it had won the NFL grant . Nike also has backed the project -- donating $ 100,000 and joining thousands of individuals who have offered $ 1.5 million in pledges , cash and services so far . All this during one of the nation 's worst-ever economies . Bordainick credits much of the fundraising success to a network of e-mailers who started with a Web site created by a Web-developer-turned-Carver teacher . He crafted an e-mail touting his "  passion for building character through sports , " and "  creating something from nothing " while working with "  people crazy enough to believe that they have the power to create change . " "  I made it a goal to just e-mail a couple hundred people a day , " he said . "  I was teaching and calling people during my lunch break , and trying to get other people to make calls during their lunch break , and e-mailing people and doing all these things to get the word out about what we 're doing and what we 're trying to accomplish . " The proposed stadium -- which would host football , track , soccer and lacrosse -- is just one facet of Carver 's struggle to regain its former self four years after the ravages of Katrina . A perennial football powerhouse , the team re-formed after Bordainick arrived at Carter in 2007 , his first year in the Teach for America program . He touts athletics as "  changing the dynamics of the school and having it not be someplace where the bus just drops you off in the morning . " But four years after the storm , Carver students on the 65-acre campus are still struggling to learn without the benefit of permanent classrooms . All of Carver 's 530 students -- down from more than 1,000 students before the storm -- still attend classes in FEMA trailers . The actual building which used to be the school is now boarded up . The cafeteria is a hollowed-out shell . The school district has plans to rebuild Carver 's classrooms and other facilities , but it 's not clear when . "  If you kick a field goal on one side of our football field -- the ball goes into the gym , which was condemned after the storm , " said Bordainick . "  And , if you kick a field goal on the other side , it goes into a house which was knocked off its foundation from Katrina . " The track team , he said , now practices on nearby city streets . Last season , the Carver Rams failed to win a single game . But many fans , school officials and alumni are hoping the proposed stadium will increase pride and confidence for the revitalized team and student fans . "  If we give kids some constructive things to be involved in -- guide them and give them discipline , we can help them achieve their dreams , " said Charles Webb , a project board member and 1965 Carver quarterback . "  It 'll bring back pride the way it used to be . " "  With a sense of pride and teamwork , anything can happen , " said Carver head football coach Shyrone Carey . Carey -- a standout running back for Louisiana State University from 2001 to 2005 -- arguably could n't have chosen a more challenging post as his first head coaching job than rebuilding Carver from the ground up . "  The overall motivation that comes from athletics is an overall lifelong lesson , " said Carey , who 's pushing his players hard in advance of a big game Saturday . "  If you make the right decisions then positive things can come . " Backers of the 9th Ward Field of Dreams hope to break ground sometime next year and complete construction in time for the 2010 football season . Supporters are trying to bolster support by offering the stadium for use as a free jogging track and a venue for middle school sporting events . "  If we 're able to lock sixth - , seventh - and eighth-graders in at a younger age , we 'll be able to train and get them into mentors ' hands so they 're able lead a more successful life , ultimately , " Bordainick said . "  This school -- and these children overcoming the odds stacked against them -- can be a real catalyst for rebirth in this city , " Bordainick said . "  I think it can be something that people can look to , and something that people can rally behind . "	High school hit hard by Katrina aims to build $ 2 million sports field with donations Four years after storm , all 530 students attend classes in FEMA trailers 23-year-old athletic director leads fundraising campaign -- much of which is online Supporters : Facility will help students develop pride , discipline for successful life
CNN  -- To many outsiders , cricket can seem like a pedestrian pursuit . But the tragic death of Australian batsman Phil Hughes has prompted the "  gentlemen 's game " to ask itself serious and searching questions about safety . The 25-year-old was struck on the head by a ball from fast bowler Sean Abbott during a state match in Sydney and died on Thursday from his injuries . Tributes have flooded in for Hughes but the cricket family has also shown acute concern for Abbott , who , at just 22 , has been shattered by his inadvertent role in a former teammate 's death . And a pair of former England fast bowlers are united in the hope that Abbott , who recently made his debut for Australia in the limited overs format , can eventually rebuild his career . "  I do n't think there 's anybody on this planet that could understand what Sean Abbott is going through , " Steve Harmison , who took 222 Test wickets for his country , told CNN . "  You can be told , told and told it 's not your fault but what that kid is going through is heartbreaking . From a bowling point of view , how does he do his job ? "  He 's 22-years-old , he 's doing something he loves to do . Probably all he 's ever wanted to do is play cricket and represent Australia . Deep down as an individual , is he going to be able to pull his boots on again and bowl a cricket ball ? "  It would change my approach as a fast bowler if it was me . It would have to . You 'd be frightened to let go of the ball . That 's natural . We 're not dealing with robots , we 're dealing with human beings . "  It is just a freak accident . He 'll never get over it but I hope for his sake that he can live a life that comes close to what he was expecting before what happened two days ago . " Harmison carved out a reputation as a formidable pace bowler during his seven-year international career with England , regularly hitting speeds of 90mph plus . The native of Ashington in the north east of England earned the nickname ` Grevious Bodily Harmison ' thanks to ferocious spells that included plenty of short balls . He and Simon Jones were part of a venerated 2005 England attack that helped the country win a first Ashes battle against old foes Australia for 18 years . And while both Harmison and Jones were united in their grief at Hughes ' death , the pair believe the art of fast bowling -- built on aggression and intimidation -- should remain unchecked . "  The mindset of bowling is almost like you are going to war , " Jones explained to CNN . "  It 's my job when I 'm representing my country to do my job to the best of my ability and it 's the same for the opposing batter . I want to try and impose myself on the opposition . "  If you see a batter getting comfortable that 's when you bowl him a short ball . Yes , you are aiming for the throat or the head but you do n't mean to hurt anyone . "  It 's aggression but controlled aggression . You bowl to a methodical plan , try and work a batter out and use whichever ball you have in your armory to get them out . "  When people make mistakes they do get hit but then that is what the helmet is for . Unfortunately in this instance Phil Hughes has been hit on the back of the head . " Part of cricket 's allure is the age-old battle between fast bowlers and top level batsmen , with short pitched bowling an electric facet of the tussle . The tactic emerged during England 's 1932-33 Test series with Australia when it began bowling short into the body to try and combat the prowess of Don Bradman , arguably the game 's greatest ever batsman . After a hostile West Indies pace attack utilized the short ball to become the most feared bowling unit in the game in the 1970s and 1980s cricket 's governing body , the International Cricket Council , tweaked the laws to allow only one bouncer per batsman per over . Despite this change , and the advent of better protection for batsmen in the form of helmets complete with a grill to cover the face , accidents still occurred . With reaction times to a 90mph delivery spanning just half a second , some batsmen have been unable to live with the pace both Harmison and Jones can generate . "  I hit a guy in the head on a tour of India in 2003 , " Jones explained . "  He went down , his leg was twitching and his eyes rolled back into his head . It 's the most frightened I 've ever been in my life . "  I honestly felt I 'd done some real damage . I went to check if he was alright but panic stations set in because you do n't want to see a fellow human being in that sort of state . " Harmison has also been in the same position . "  I 've hit people numerous times in my job as a fast bowler over an 18-year period . Some were serious , some not so serious , " he said . "  You do n't like that but you have to understand that 's what comes with being a fast bowler . You bowl this hard ball between 78mph and 100mph from 22 yards away . "  You get it slightly wrong and people get hurt but never in a million years would you think to the extent that it 's been over the last 48 hours . " Hughes , despite being diminutive in stature , was known as an aggressive player , fond of taking on the short ball and trying to hook or pull it to the boundary . The 25-year-old had reached 63 not out playing for South Australia against New South Wales on Tuesday before being struck by Abbott 's delivery . Hughes was wearing a helmet but the blow to his neck split his vertebral artery and caused massive bleeding on his brain . He never regained consciousness . It has led in some quarters to calls for a change to the game 's laws to offer batsman more protection , or for protective equipment to be tweaked to cover more parts of the head . But Harmison thinks any change to existing helmets might prove cumbersome and restrictive . "  There 's a lot of people talking about it and having protection on that part of the body , " he said . "  I 'm not sure many top end batsmen would want that much protection in and around that area because from their point of view there is a fine balance between being protected and being able to do your job . "  If you make that a rigid area , and you ca n't move your head , arguably you are a bigger target . That would be a concern . On the other hand no-one wants to see anything come close to what has happened here . "  If you can change the game of cricket in a way that makes it better , makes it safer , then I 'm happy and I will champion it because I love this game but I ca n't see that happening because this is a freak accident . " Jones , who took 59 Test wickets for England , shared a dressing room with Hughes when the Australian played a season with Hampshire . "  He was such a great kid -- he was only 21 then , " Jones said . "  The energy he had for the game , the energy in the changing room -- he was good fun . His work ethic was second to none and he was a pleasure to be around . "  As a young lad coming into a pretty strange environment on the English county circuit , he came in with open eyes and an open mind . He fitted in and grasped his chance . "  You look at cricket over the last 100 years and I ca n't think of any cases like this -- that shows how much of a freak accident it was . It 's so sad he 's passed away at 25 . " Having played 26 Tests for his country , the last in July 2013 , Hughes was thought to be on the verge of a recall to the national side for its Test series with India that begins on December 4 . "  He was a fine player , " Harmison added . "  You do n't play Test cricket at 20 and you do n't become the youngest player to get a hundred in each innings in international cricket if you 're not a special talent . "  When he faced a bouncer he would be aggressive -- he would take it on . He was fighting for a chance to get back into the national side and to be cut down like this is ridiculously sad . "  As a family orientated person the thing I ca n't see past is there is a mother and father in Australia who have lost a 25-year-old son , and that is heartbreaking . "	Former England fast bowlers express sympathy for Australian Sean Abbott Abbott bowled the ball that struck and killed batsman Phil Hughes Simon Jones and Steve Harmison hope Abbott can rebuild his career Jones says the mindset of a fast bowler is akin to "  going to war "
CNN  -- Texas election officials can go ahead and enforce a controversial voter identification law opposed by the Obama administration and civil rights groups , the U.S. Supreme Court said early Saturday . The decision comes just two days before early voting begins in the state . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said it was "  a major step backward to let stand a law ...  that was  designed to discriminate . " Holder : My work on voting rights most important "  It is true we are close to an election , " Holder said Saturday , "  but the outcome here that would be least confusing to voters is the one that allowed the most people to vote lawfully . A civil rights leader reacted harshly to the ruling , calling it an "  affront to our democracy . " "  Today 's decision means hundreds of thousands of eligible voters in Texas will be unable to participate in November 's election because Texas has erected an obstacle course designed to discourage voting , " said Sherrilyn Ifill , president of the NAACP Legal Defense Fund . A spokeswoman for the Texas attorney general 's office , however , lauded the decision . "  We are pleased that the U.S. Supreme Court has agreed that Texas ' voter ID law should remain in effect for the upcoming election , " spokeswoman Lauren Bean said . "  The state will continue to defend the voter ID law and remains confident that the district court 's misguided ruling will be overturned on the merits . The U.S. Supreme Court has already ruled that voter ID laws are a legal and sensible way to protect the integrity of elections . " While the court offered no reasoning for its decision , it backs up a federal appeals court ruling Tuesday saying that voting procedures should n't be upended so close to the election . That decision came in response to a federal judge 's ruling after a nine-day trial that a Texas law requiring voters to show photo ID at the polls is unconstitutional . "  The Supreme Court has repeatedly instructed courts to consider the importance of preserving the status quo on the eve of an election , " the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit said . Proponents say the law will help prevent voter fraud . Critics say such practices make it harder for poor , minority and disabled people to vote . Minority and civil rights groups who banded together to oppose the law said it was among the most restrictive in the nation . Some 600,000 people in Texas lack state-issued IDs , according to the U.S. Justice Department -- which rejected the law as a violation of the Voting Rights Act . Nationwide , the NAACP says 25 % of African-Americans and 16 % of Latinos of voting age lack a current government-issued photo ID . Saturday 's decision does n't speak to the constitutionality of the law -- only whether it can be enforced in this fall 's election . Continued legal challenges are a certainty , Ifill said . While the court 's majority did n't offer any explanation for the ruling , Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote a nearly seven-page dissent , joined by Justices Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan . Ginsburg said the costs associated with the law -- obtaining identity cards and the documents needed to get them -- are n't as insignificant as backers claim , and argued they harken back to the use of the poll tax in the late 1800s and early 1900s as a method of preventing blacks from voting . "  The greatest threat to public confidence in elections in this case is the prospect of enforcing a purposefully discriminatory law , one that likely imposes an unconstitutional poll tax and risks denying the right to vote to hundreds of thousands of eligible voters , " Ginsburg wrote . The first day of early voting in Texas is Monday . Voters will choose a new governor to replace outgoing Gov. Rick Perry , new lieutenant governor , and new attorney general , in addition to voting on one of the state 's U.S. Senate seats and several House districts . CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : Holder says ruling is "  a major step backward " Supreme Court decision clears the way for enforcement of voter ID law in November election "  We are pleased , " Texas attorney general 's office says Decision is an "  affront to our democracy , " NAACP leader says
CNN  -- As the Supreme Court prepares to hear arguments in the constitutionality of the health care reform law , CNN spoke with two experts on opposing sides of the issue . Karen Harned is executive director of Small Business Legal Center for the National Federation of Independent Business . The group , along with 26 states , will appear at the court 's oral arguments . NFIB represents 350,000 small-business owners . Ron Pollack , founding executive director of Families USA , is for the health care reform law . Read his viewpoint here  . The following interview with Harned is edited for clarity and brevity : CNN : Has the U.S. reached a health care crisis that justified the law supported by President Barack Obama and most Democrats in Congress ? Karen Harned : "  We strongly think that our system is broken , and NFIB for two decades has been aggressively fighting for health insurance reforms . The reforms we wanted unfortunately were not included in the final law . They were reforms that would not drive down the cost of health insurance . That has been the number one issue for small-business owners . "  We are very much not of the ` just say no ' crowd , we think the status quo is not acceptable . Our members are very vocal on that . The problem is that the reforms that we advocated were the ones that ended up landing on the cutting room floor and that Congress made a bad situation worse . " Preview : ` The implications ... are impossible to overstate ' CNN : But proponents argue there are tax incentives and other benefits designed to help small businesses provide health coverage for their small staffs . Harned : "  Of course , there are provisions in this law that small-business owners like . On the big picture , our small-business owners do n't get to pick and choose which provisions of the law apply to them , in addition to the two better provisions . There are numerous new tax increases , but there 's also an unconstitutional infringement of individual liberty in the form of individual mandates that require everyone to buy health insurance or pay a fine . So at the end of the day , the small-business owners that we represent saw more bad than good . "  The tax credit has been highlighted by the administration as something that 's great for small business , but what we have found is that most of our members are not going to get that full credit . And the extent to which they get that credit , it 's just not that significant . Because the amount of the tax incentive goes down as you either add employees or pay them more . It 's actually disincentivizing small-business owners to grow their businesses . " CNN : Why in your view is the individual mandate requiring most Americans to purchase some form of health issuance an unconstitutional provision ? Harned : "  If it 's upheld , then the Constitution is essentially giving Congress the authority to create a command-and-control economy . This is about them telling us all sorts of things that we have to buy or contracts that we need to enter into . This is exactly the opposite of what we want to see -- Congress telling you where you need to be shopping , what you need to buy . Two families , two viewpoints on health reform "  It also is just amending decades -- maybe centuries -- of contract law because you always have two willing participants . Those are things that fundamentally strike at the core of the small-business owners that I represent ; it offends them to no end . As a practical matter , there are dollars and cents attached to this . I 've talked to members who say , ` Look , this is a no-brainer . ' " CNN : So you worry the federal government would only expand its authority over commerce ? Harned : "  The government has only made this worse in how they 've argued this case , because they 've been unable in every court they 've been in before , to say where it would end . "  As recently as the federal D.C. Circuit Court of Appeals case , where Judge -LSB- Laurence -RSB- Silberman asked them -LSB- the Justice Department lawyers -RSB- point blank , ` Is it unconstitutional to regulate broccoli ? ' and -LSB- the government lawyer -RSB- said , ` Well , it depends . ' Now it 's like we 're not citizens of this country anymore , we 're merely subjects , if this individual mandate goes through . " CNN : Should Congress start all over and craft a new health care bill ? Harned : "  NFIB went into this with the intention of striking down the entire law . We have demanded for decades that we get health insurance reform that drives down the cost of health insurance for small-business owners because that market is severely broken . "  We also believe , as the government has continued to argue , that the individual mandate is key , integral , to its operation . Without the individual mandate , it can not stand . Even some of the provisions that people think are relatively extraneous come back , at least from a cost perspective , to the individual mandate . And if you do n't have that , how does the rest of it work ? " ... And the answer here is clearly no , because the two things that the law was said to be accomplishing were to increase coverage . The individual mandate is very key to increasing coverage . And reducing costs -- again by getting everybody into the pool , they 're basically having the young , healthy people subsidizing the older population . That is supposed to be helping to lower costs for all . "  When you take that out , we do n't see how the entire law works as Congress intended . And we definitely do n't think Congress would have passed it without the individual mandate . " CNN : What is your message to the Supreme Court as they take on this legal challenge ? Harned : "  We think the law is on our side . We think it 's very clear that the Founding Fathers never intended to see Congress telling people what products they should buy . If you look at the justifications the government gives , the text does n't support this mandate , the Constitution does n't support it , and if the justices rule that the individual mandate is constitutional , they are going to basically open the door for Congress to legislate whatever mandates it finds appropriate that it will impose on individuals . "  We think the law , the Constitution , is very much on our side . That 's what they 're charged with upholding . "	Karen Harned speaks for the National Federation of Independent Business Harned : Reforms that we advocated were the ones that ended up being cut If health law is upheld , it will "  create a command-and-control economy , " she says Her assessment of having reform struck down : "  We think the law is on our side "
CNN  -- It was Muhammad Ali who warned his opponents he would "  float like a butterfly and sting like a bee " . Now , perhaps Borussia Dortmund can claim similar after crushing Real Madrid 4-1 in the first leg of its Champions League semifinal Wednesday . Decked out in black and yellow , it swarmed around Real from the start with a buzz and infectious enthusiasm to be marveled at -- but it was left to one man to administer the fatal sting . Robert Lewandowski , the Poland striker , was already one of the most feared forwards in European football before his took the field . He left with his reputation enhanced four-fold , his asking price at an all-time high and his team within touching distance of next month 's Champions League final . His four goals lit up an extraordinary encounter in which Dortmund went from young pretenders to serious contenders . Barring the prospect of miracles at Camp Nou and the Bernabeu next week , Dortmund will contest the first ever all-German Champions League final against Bayern Munich at Wembley on May 25 . "  It was an unbelievable , " Dortmund boss Jurgen Klopp told Sky Sports . "  It was a great game by my team . It was so difficult today because they are so strong and fast and they are so brilliant on the counterattack . "  The first 25 minutes were great and then we lost a bit of our game . Not so much but enough to let them come up . "  They got  level  and at the break we told the players : ` Maybe you think there was a wrong decision by the referee but in the last game we had a wrong decision from the referee and we had the winner . Go back to the strong first 25 minutes ' . " CNN Football Club : What would you ask Brad Friedel ? Forget that Real , the nine-time winners and richest club in the world , was expected to qualify for the final . Forget that Real , boasting the mercurial talent of Cristiano Ronaldo , failed to produce their normal level of performance . Instead , focus on one of the most exciting and vibrant sides to have emerged in European competition for many a year . The fresh faced innocence , the youthful zest , the unbounded energy , all these traits have helped shape a Dortmund side , which is quickly winning the hearts of football fans across the globe . German football is enjoying a stellar spell in the spotlight with fan ownership , cheap tickets , high attendances and huge television audiences making the Bundesliga one of the most popular leagues in the world . If Bayern 's 4-0 win over Barcelona on Tuesday night was supposedly the beginning of a power shift from Spain to Germany , then Dortmund 's dominance confirmed it . Everywhere you looked on the field , Dortmund was in control . Lewandowski led the line , a lone warrior refusing to be tamed by a Real defense appearing more and more desperate as the night progressed . The prodigiously talented Ilkay Gundogan , who shielded his defense with an authority and maturity way beyond his 22 years , ran the midfield . Mario Goetze , playing just over 24 hours since his $ 48 million move to Bayern had been confirmed , showed just why incoming manager Pep Guardiola was so keen to lure the gifted playmaker to the Allianz Arena . Alongside the fleet footed Marco Reus , the pair tore into a Real side which looked anemic inside the red hot atmosphere of the Westfalenstadion . Real would have expected Dortmund to start at breakneck speed , but even it was taken aback by the pace , power and ferocity of the German side . Just seven minutes had elapsed when the wonderfully talented Reus danced his way through the Real defense , before unleashing a rasping effort which was parried away by Diego Lopez . That was a warning of what was to follow and less than 60 seconds later the home side forged ahead when Goetze produced a sublime cross from the left for Lewandowski to poke home . The buzz and energy with which Dortmund played appeared to overwhelm the Spanish champion , which was swept away with consummate ease . But while Dortmund dominated , it was unable to add to its advantage and was made to pay as Real struck back with just two minutes of the half remaining . With the home players still appealing for a penalty for what they considered to be a foul on Reus , the visiting team took advantage in devastating fashion . A long ball was misjudged by Mats Hummels and Gonzalo Higuain ran clear to square for Cristiano Ronaldo to roll the ball home . Ronaldo 's strike , his sixth in six consecutive Champions League games , appeared to have left Dortmund in a daze . But whatever Klopp said to his side at the break worked a treat as they produced one of the most enthralling second half displays in recent times . It was Lewandowski who led the charge , firing home his second within five minutes of the restart after taking Reus ' deflected effort in his path . His third followed soon after , and when it came , it was worth waiting for . Marcel Schmelzer 's cross-cum-shot found the forward inside the penalty area and the striker produced an exquisite turn before sending an unstoppable effort into the roof of the net . Dortmund were rampant and the hugely impressive Gundogan almost added a fourth when his fierce effort was brilliantly tipped away by Lopez in the Real goal . That fourth goal was not far away , however , and when Xavi Alonso fouled Reus inside the penalty area , Lewandowski stood up to power home from 12-yards . Not since the legendary Hungarian striker Ferenc Puskas in 1960 had anybody scored four times in a European Cup semfinal or final . That tally could have been greater but Lopez produced another stunning save to push the Pole 's fierce effort over the crossbar . Real did rally late on with Ronaldo and Raphael Varane both going close , but Jose Mourinho 's men must now hope for an incredible turnaround next Tuesday . Only once has a team emerged victorious after conceding a three goal deficit in a Champions League knockout stage . On that occasion , Deportivo La Coruna came back from a 4-1 defeat at AC Milan to win 5-4 on aggregate courtesy of a 4-0 home win . "  I think Dortmund were the best team by far , " Real boss Mourinho told Sky Sports . "  They won every individual battle on the pitch , they were stronger physically and mentally so I think they deserve it . How did it go from 1-1 to 4-1 ? I do n't know . "  Everything happened in a short space of time . We lost easy possession and we could n't cope with their counter attack and their transition . "  We know everything about Robert Lewandowski , every detail possible and we lost him in three goals . It 's very disappointing . "  When we lose and we do n't deserve to lose , with me , it 's a drama , when I do deserve to lose I accept it . Of course the boy deserves credit for what he did but we gave him every support for man of the match . " A 3-0 win would take Real through to the final and keep alive its hopes of winning "  La Decima " -- the club 's tenth trophy in the competition . But the task looks nearly impossible following its abject showing in Dortmund . "  It will be very difficult in the return leg at home but we must remain confident and try to react , " Real captain Sergio Ramos told reporters . "  When the draw for the semifinals was made a lot of people thought this was going to be easy for us , but this is a German team we are talking about . They are a great side . "	Borussia Dortmund crush Real Madrid 4-1 in first leg of Champions League semifinal Robert Lewandowski scored all four goals for German side Cristiano Ronaldo had made it 1-1 three minutes before halftime Real host second leg at the Bernabeu next Tuesday
CNN  -- Dozens of people have been killed in Central America as heavy rains continue to hammer the region . In Guatemala , the death toll has risen to 28 and close to 110,000 people have been affected so far , the state-run AGN news agency reported . Citing the president , the agency said 15,000 more people are at risk and roughly 12,000 are in shelters . "  We 've been able to respond to all the requests for help we 've received -- many by land because we have n't been able to fly over the areas , " said President Alvaro Colom , AGN reported . Meanwhile in El Salvador , the government has declared a state of emergency and ordered evacuations in some of the hardest-hit areas . At least 24 have died in El Salvador , including seven children , according to the country 's civil protection director . Some 13,000 people are in shelters . Central America has been hammered by torrential rain since last week , when Hurricane Jova struck Mexico as a Category 2 storm late Tuesday . It weakened into a tropical storm and then a tropical depression as it moved over western Mexico . More rain in the region is forecast . CNN 's Claudia Dominguez and journalist Merlin del Cid contributed to this report .	At least 28 people are reported dead in Guatemala More than 20 people are killed in El Salvador , including 7 children More rain is forecast from remnants of hurricane
Zurich , Switzerland  CNN  -- No decision will be made on a shift in the date for soccer 's Qatar 2022 World Cup before the 2014 World Cup is played , FIFA President Sepp Blatter said Friday . There has been controversy around plans to stage the 2022 contest in Qatar 's intense summer heat , prompting calls to move the tournament to the winter . It had been expected ahead of the executive committee , or ExCo , meeting that a decision on whether to shift the tournament from Qatar 's summer to the winter months would come Friday . But the executive committee for football 's world governing body , which has met over the past two days in Zurich , has "  decided to launch a consultation process among main stakeholders for Qatar 2022 dates , " Blatter said via his official Twitter account . At a news conference in Zurich , Blatter also said that Qatar "  needs to intervene " after allegations of abuse of migrant laborers working on infrastructure projects for the 2022 tournament -- and that the Gulf state has said it will act . "  This is not FIFA 's first responsibility , but we can not ignore it , and it touches me . But it is not an intervention by FIFA that is going to change something . It is Qatar that needs to intervene , and Qatar has confirmed to me that they are going to do it , " he said . Qatar has provided a letter setting out what ministers have already started to do , he said . The delay in announcing a decision on changing the dates for the contest will allow FIFA time for broader consultations on the issue with key stakeholders , such as players , clubs , national football associations and TV broadcasters who pay huge sums for the rights to the games . Blatter said it would also mean the 2014 World Cup in Brazil could be played without being overshadowed by questions over Qatar . Blatter : Doubts over heat Blatter stressed that there is no possibility of taking the 2022 World Cup away from Qatar , as some critics have demanded . He plans to visit Qatar with members of the executive committee to see how the preparations are going , as well as to meet with Qatar 's new emir , he said . Asked about remarks last month in which he said FIFA may have made a mistake in choosing Qatar for the 2022 World Cup back in 2010 , Blatter said his words did not relate to the choice of location . "  The mistake was to think that we could play this competition easily in the summertime , " he said . "  There are some doubts as to whether it is a good period to play in this heat . " He acknowledged that FIFA "  could have made this declaration that it is too hot a little bit earlier " but said there is still plenty of time before the tournament is played . ` Irresponsible ' Earlier Friday , FIFA Vice President Jeffrey Webb said , "  I do n't think there should be a decision today . We definitely have not been presented with an analysis . We do n't know where the stakeholders are , so I think it would be irresponsible for us to take a decision today . " The World Cup is usually played in the northern hemisphere 's summer months , but concerns have been raised over the safety of players and football fans in Qatar , given that temperatures in July can soar to 122 degrees Fahrenheit  50 Celsius  . All 54 member associations of UEFA , Europe 's governing body , last month voted against holding the tournament in the Qatari summer . But a winter World Cup would cause chaos with the European domestic season , with many clubs fearing that they could lose out financially . The secretary general for the Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee , Hassan al-Thawadi , delivered a progress report Thursday to FIFA 's ExCo on the Gulf nation 's preparations for the event . Al-Thawadi has said that innovative cooling technologies will ensure that conditions are not too hot for visitors during the tournament . The Qatar 2022 Supreme Committee has also said it is committed to ensuring workers ' safety and well-being . The Qatar conundrum Ali Al Khulaifi , an international relations adviser at Qatar 's Ministry of Labor and Social Affairs , said this week that Qatar is taking concrete steps to ensure that its labor rules are enforced , including making it easier for workers to report abuses by their employers . CNN 's Alex Thomas reported in Zurich and Laura Smith-Spark wrote in London .	FIFA "  can not ignore " the issue of workers ' rights , but Qatar says it will act Blatter : FIFA is launching "  a consulting process " to determine the 2022 Qatar dates There are fears players and fans could suffer in the searing heat of Qatar 's summer A Qatar ministry says it is taking concrete steps to ensure labor laws are respected
Whitney Houston drowned face down in a tub of "  extremely hot water " about 12 inches deep , the final autopsy report on the singer 's death said . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled that Houston 's February 11 death was an accidental drowning with the "  effects of atherosclerotic heart disease and cocaine use " as contributing factors . The coroner 's report stopped short of detailing what happened to Houston , but HLN 's Dr. Drew Pinsky , an addiction medicine specialist , examined the autopsy report for CNN and suggested she might have suffered a seizure brought on by the use of cocaine possibly combined with a withdrawal from alcohol and a prescription sedative . An empty bottle of the Xanax was found in her room , but the level of the sedative found in her blood was low , he said . Empty beer bottles were also found , but alcohol was not detected in her body , he said . "  To me , a sudden drop off in the Xanax level , a drop off in your alcohol consumption , add cocaine , that 's a recipe for a seizure , " Pinsky said . "  Somebody who 's now upside down in a bathtub could easily seize and drown . " However , Henry Spiller , a toxicologist and director of the Kentucky Regional Poison Control Center , said the level of Xanax found in Houston 's blood was not low enough to trigger a seizure . Those who abuse Xanax can take up to 20 pills a day , he said , and the level found in Houston 's body would indicate she took four to six pills several hours before she died . Since the drug was found in her blood , a seizure brought on by withdrawal is unlikely , he said . The coroner 's report notes that Houston suffered several small scald burns on her face at the time of her death . A 60 % narrowing of her arteries found in the autopsy is "  very mild heart disease , " Pinsky said , which should not have caused a problem . Spiller said that based on his experience with cocaine abusers , two things may have happened -- either Houston had a seizure and fell into the tub , or had a cardiac arrhythmia . An arrhythmia occurs when the heart stops beating properly and fails to pump for a period of time , depriving the brain of oxygen and causing a loss of consciousness . It can be fatal . "  If you look at cocaine deaths , more deaths are from arrhythmias than seizures , " Spiller said . "  Based on what is the report , it seems more likely that she had a vasospasm  which shuts off blood flow to the heart  or a fatal arrhythmia . " Toxicology testing measured .58 micrograms of cocaine per milliliter of blood drawn from a vein in her leg during the autopsy , which Pinsky called a moderate level . Spiller said for that level of cocaine to be in Houston 's body , "  we 're talking about approximately half a gram of cocaine having been possibly ingested within 30 minutes to 90 minutes before her death . For someone who has been abusing cocaine , this may be their routine amount , but  for  someone who does n't regularly use cocaine and therefore does n't have a tolerance for the drug , this would be a high level . " Houston 's cocaine use appeared to have occurred "  in the time period just immediately prior to her collapse in the bathtub at the hotel , " Chief Coroner Craig Harvey told reporters when he released the preliminary report last month . Investigators found "  a small spoon with a white crystal like substance in it and a rolled up piece of white paper " in the bathroom where Houston drowned , coroner 's investigator Kristy McCracken wrote . "  Remnants of a white powdery substance " were found on a bathroom counter , McCracken wrote . "  I also collected remnants of a white powdery substance from out of a drawer and from the bottom of a mirror in the same drawer in the bathroom counter , " she wrote . Detectives found a "  plethora of medications bottles " in the hotel room , although the coroner concluded the prescription drugs "  did not contribute to the death . " Along with cocaine , the toxicology tests found other drugs in her body , including marijuana , the anti-anxiety drug Xanax , the muscle relaxant Flexeril and the allergy medicine Benadryl , the report said . Houston was last seen alive by her personal assistant in her Beverly Hilton hotel room at about 3 p.m. that Saturday , the report said . The assistant left to run errands after telling Houston to take a bath in preparation for a pre-Grammy Awards party at the hotel that night , it said . When the assistant returned to the locked room at 3:35 p.m. , she found Houston "  lying face down in the bathtub filled with water , unresponsive . " "  The assistant called for her bodyguard , and together they pulled the decedent out of the bathtub , " the report said . When paramedics arrived about 10 minutes later they moved Houston to the living room floor . It was at 3:55 p.m. , 20 minutes after she was found by the assistant , that paramedics concluded she was dead , the report said . Houston won six Grammys and sold 170 million albums , singles and videos over her career . In recent years , the singer 's accomplishments were overtaken by her struggles with drug addiction .	A toxicologist says Houston 's death could have stemmed from cardiac arrhythmia Coroner : Death was from accidental drowning ; cocaine , heart disease were factors Investigators found "  a small spoon with a white crystal like substance " in her bathroom Her assistant found Houston 35 minutes after telling her to take a bath
CNN  -- Internet and cell phone coverage were restored Saturday to most Syrian provinces , according to the opposition Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , two days after a blackout shut down virtually all Internet service in the country . Residents in the capital , Damascus , told CNN via Skype that their Internet and cell phone services were working again . Syria 's Internet and phone systems blacked out Thursday . A Syrian government information minister said Friday that "  terrorists " -- which is how the Assad regime refers to rebels in a bloody , ongoing civil war -- cut the cable , knocking out Web communication with other countries . "  All the Internet connections and communications lines are back to work in Damascus and its suburbs , after the technicians teams managed to fix the malfunction that led to the outage for two days , " an anchor on state-run TV said Saturday . The network reported there was a malfunction in the main grid in the suburbs of Damascus . Rebels have routinely used the Web to transmit images of the civil war , including what they claim have been military attacks by the Assad regime on civilians . However , a leading Web security firm said the outage was almost certainly the work of the Syrian government . Matthew Prince , CEO of CloudFlare , said his firm 's investigations showed that all four Internet cables linking Syria to the outside world would have had to been cut simultaneously for a whole country outage to occur . The blackout forced fighters to rely on radio communication , which they say is easier for the Syrian government to tap . The U.S. Embassy in Damascus and expat opposition supporters urged people to use "  Speak to Tweet , " a service which allows users to leave an audio message which is tweeted out as a link for people to click on and play . However , the phone service outage likely made it difficult to use . As a result of the Internet shutdown , the flood of daily video images of fighting and decimation dried up . Rebel leaders accused the government of creating the blackout to hide its mass killings from the outside world . At least 165 people have been killed Saturday across Syria , including 60 in Damascus and its suburbs , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , a network of opposition activists . At least eight people were killed when a car bomb exploded in the northern city of Reqqah , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights . Two other car bombs went off in Damascus , the group said . No casualties were reported in those attacks . Meanwhile , in a continued attempt to weaken President Bashar al-Assad 's aerial strength , Syria 's rebel fighters say they have tightened their grip on territory near Damascus International Airport . Rebels have taken control of a crescent shaped swath of land about 20 kilometers long just north and east of the main road leading to the airport , said a revolutionary council for the Damascus area . The airport is "  the gate of death that supplies the regime in Damascus and its suburbs with more tools to kill the Syrian people , " said Abu Eyaad , spokesman to the Revolutionary Military Council in Damascus and its Suburbs in an audio message posted late Friday . Although rebel forces have not taken the airport , they have shut down its operations , claimed Abu Eyaad , which is his nom de guerre . "  Our main goal is to sap the strength of the regime 's air force and supplies . " He accused Russia and Iran of delivering arms to Assad 's army via the airport . The government rejected the rebels ' claim on state-run TV on a banner reading , "  Damascus airport is functioning normally , and the highway to the airport is fully secure . " The network aired footage of the airport , along with interviews of employees and passengers , to show that operations were normal . The captured swath stretches from the town of Harran Al-Awameed , almost within a mile of the airport , up to the Damascus suburb of Deir Asafeer and includes a captured military helicopter airport and a road to connect them all , the military council said . Despite government bombardments , which have rained death and destruction indiscriminately from above for months upon rebel stronghold neighborhoods , revolutionary fighters have gained ground . They have captured military bases , driving out regular army troops , seizing their heavy weaponry and turning it back on them -- including anti-aircraft guns and missiles . In the last week , rebels claim to have shot down one plane and two helicopters in Syria 's north . CNN 's Arwa Damon went to the crash site of the plane Wednesday , and saw chunks of metal being carted off by locals . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on Friday called for ongoing support of the opposition 's "  current momentum " via non-military aid to Syrian rebels in a speech in Washington . The United States and many of its allies have thrown their support behind the rebel movement and openly advocate the overthrow of Assad 's government . U.N. Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon urged the international community Friday , "  in particular the Security Council , " to pull together . Council members China and Russia , which are allies of Assad , are at loggerheads over the handling of the crisis with the other permanent members France , Britain and the United States , which oppose Assad . Ban said he would soon visit Syrian refugees who have fled over the borders to neighboring countries . More than 42,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict since the uprising began in March 2011 , according to opposition activists . CNN can not confirm claims by the government or the opposition because of government restrictions that prevent journalists from reporting freely within Syria . Samira Said , Ben Brumfield , Yousuf Basil and Pierre Meilhan contributed to this report .	NEW : At least 165 people killed across Syria on Saturday , says an opposition group State-run TV blames Internet outage on a malfunction in the main grid Rebels say they control a swath north of Damascus International Airport Syrian state TV denies success claims by rebels
CNN  Ahmed Farouq did n't have the prestige of fellow al Qaeda figure Osama bin Laden , the influence of Anwar al-Awlaki , or the notoriety of Adam Gadahn . Still , he was a big deal . That 's the assessment of multiple sources on a man who may not have been well-known in the West , but nonetheless had a special role in the terrorist group . Farouq -- an American -- died in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January , according to the White House . Two al Qaeda hostages , Warren Weinstein of the United States and Giovanni Lo Porto from Italy , were killed in the same strike , while Gadahn died in another U.S. operation that month . Before that , Farouq was the deputy emir of al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent , or AQIS , a branch of the Islamist extremist group that formed in recent years . The branch made its presence known in September 2014 , when militants infiltrated Pakistan 's navy and tried to hijack one of its ships , according to the SITE Institute , which monitors terror groups . The group 's spokesman , Usama Mahmoud , on Twitter compared the Pakistani naval officers involved in the attempted hijacking to Nidal Hasan , SITE reported . Hasan is the U.S. Army psychiatrist sentenced to death for killing 13 people at Fort Hood , Texas . Osama Mehmood , a spokesman for al Qaeda in the Indian Subcontinent , said that Farouq and another top figure , Qari Abdullah Mansur , were killed in a January 15 drone strike in Pakistan 's Shawal Valley . They were senior al Qaeda leaders , according to Mehmood . American mouthpiece for al Qaeda killed CNN 's Sophia Saifi contributed to this report .	Ahmed Farouq was a leader in al Qaeda 's India branch He was killed in a U.S. counterterrorism airstrike in January Like Adam Gadahn , Farouq was American and part of al Qaeda
Much attention has been paid to the defeat in Congress of proposals to ban assault weapons and expand background checks for firearm purchases . But states have been busy passing gun laws of their own in the wake of the December 14 massacre in Newtown . Six months since Sandy Hook : Newtown residents find their voice At least five states have tightened gun laws , including Connecticut , Colorado and New York , while more than a dozen others have loosened them . Several states are still considering measures . Connecticut added more than 100 guns to its list of banned assault weapons , banned armor-piercing bullets and limited gun magazines to a capacity of 10 rounds . Kansas adopted a law saying that federal statues that violate the Second Amendment are no longer applicable in the state , and that any federal agent who tries to enforce federal gun laws faces jail time . At least eight states -- including Arizona , where a 2011 mass shooting killed six people and left then-Rep . Gabrielle Giffords badly wounded -- have passed laws that exempt gun permits from public records . Those laws were largely in reaction to a suburban New York newspaper that published an online map pinpointing the addresses of people with gun permits . Meanwhile , states where new gun control measures have been enacted already face court challenges by gun rights supporters . At Colt 's Connecticut factory , no apologies for arming America Below is a state-by-state summary of key parts of new gun laws that are in effect or will take effect this year : States that have loosened gun laws : Alabama : Residents can carry loaded guns in their vehicles to their workplace if they have a concealed-carry permit . If they do n't have a concealed weapons permit , they can bring a gun to their car but it must be unloaded and locked away . Arizona : There should be no record of "  the identifying information of a person who owns , possesses , purchases , sells or transfers a firearm . " In addition , police departments that conduct gun buyback programs to get guns off the street must sell the guns instead of destroying them . Arkansas : Guns are allowed in church , and licensed faculty and staff at public universities and colleges can carry concealed handguns . Employees of bars and liquor stores who have concealed permits can bring their guns to work . Prosecutors and deputy prosecutors can now carry a firearm , as can members of the parole board , their investigators and a parole revocation judge . A list of residents with concealed weapons permits will no longer be part of the public record . In addition , the governor can no longer suspend the sale of guns during a declared disaster emergency . Idaho : Concealed gun permits are no longer public record , and the state recognizes concealed permits from any state . Kansas : Federal gun laws will no longer be enforced , and any federal agent who tries to enforce federal laws faces arrest , jail time and a fine . The state also now recognizes concealed carry permits from any state . Kentucky : Citizens can openly carry guns in formerly banned public places , including the State Capitol , city halls , council chambers , libraries , community centers , zoos and parks . The only exceptions to the law are schools and colleges . Maine : Names and other personal information of people with gun permits are no longer part of the public record . Mississippi : Concealed weapons permits are no longer public record , and people can now carry partially visible pistols . A new grant will assist law enforcement agencies in providing additional school resource officers in primary and secondary schools . North Dakota : Guns are now allowed in churches . Oklahoma : Recognizes any valid concealed weapons permit from any state . People who seek certain renewals of gun permits will no longer be fingerprinted , effective November 1 . District court judges , the state attorney general and assistant attorney generals can carry firearms , effective November 1 . South Dakota : Local school boards can train and arm employees , including volunteers , inside the classroom . Concealed weapons permits are now valid for five years , instead of four . Tennessee : Gun owners with concealed permits can keep guns in their vehicles in public or private parking lots effective July 1 . Concealed weapons permits are no longer part of the public record . Utah : Concealed weapons permits are no longer part of the public record . A person currently not allowed to possess a firearm because of mental health reasons can petition the state for the right to bear arms . Virginia : Concealed weapons permits are no longer part of the public record , but the state can still release "  statistical summaries , abstracts , or other records containing information in an aggregate form . " West Virginia : Recognizes concealed permits from additional states . Guns can no longer be seized during a declared emergency . Wyoming : Judges can carry a gun into a courtroom , effective July 1 . States that have tightened gun laws : Colorado : The state where 12 people were killed and 58 wounded in a mass shooting at a movie theater in Aurora in 2012 made background checks mandatory for all gun purchases and has limited magazine capacity to 10 rounds . Connecticut : More than 100 guns have been added to the state 's list of banned assault weapons . Armor-piercing bullets are banned , and gun magazines are limited to a capacity of 10 rounds . Gun owners who currently own magazines capable of holding more than 10 rounds can keep them but must register them with the state . All firearms sales , including ones at gun shows , must go through background checks . Stiffer penalties for illegal possession and trafficking of guns have been authorized . Also , the nation 's first statewide registry of people convicted of crimes involving the use or threat of dangerous weapons is being created ; such information will only be available to law enforcement . Delaware : Background checks on all gun purchases are required , assault weapons are prohibited , and magazine capacity is limited to 10 rounds . Maryland : The state banned the sale of 45 types of assault weapons , including the AR-15 , and limited magazine capacity to 10 rounds . Residents purchasing a handgun must be fingerprinted and go through safety training . A single automated gun application process between gun dealers and Maryland state police has been established . New York : High capacity magazines are banned . Assault weapons must be registered within the state , including those already owned by residents . All gun buyers must undergo background checks , including at gun shows and private sales except transactions among immediate family members . Anyone who purchases ammunition must also undergo a background check . Sales of assault weapons on the Internet are banned . Mental health professionals who believe a mental health patient might be a danger to society must report that information to a health care director , who must then relay what they determine to be serious threats to the state Department of Criminal Justice Services .	Congress may have defeated gun bills , but states have been passing them At least five have tightened gun laws in the wake of Newtown school massacre More than a dozen others have loosened them , while some are still pending
CNN  -- A fire erupted Friday at the headquarters of the Shanksville , Pennsylvania , memorial to United Airlines Flight 93 , which crashed on September 11 , 2001 , officials said . "  There is a potential for 9/11 memorabilia loss due to a fire , " according to a statement from the National Park Service , but the extent of the damage is not known yet . NPS spokesman Mike Litterst said 10 % of the archives and museum collection was stored in the damaged buildings , but much of it was kept in a fireproof safe . Among the items in the damaged buildings was a U.S. flag that flew over the U.S. Capitol on the day of the terrorist attack . The flag was given to the Flight 93 National Memorial last September 11 . Its status was not known . Four buildings were damaged , the park service said . Heavy rain helped the firefighting efforts . Seven fire companies responded to the blaze , which started about 3 p.m. , said Geraldine Budzina , a Somerset County dispatcher . No injuries were reported . "  I think stuff has been lost " Ken Nacke , whose brother Louis was on Flight 93 , said many 9/11 artifacts -- including notes and other mementos left at a temporary memorial at the crash site -- were being stored in the area where the fire burned . He said he had spoken Friday with the head of Families of Flight 93 shortly after the group president was contacted by the memorial 's superintendent . "  I think stuff has been lost , " Nacke said . "  I just do n't know what has been lost . I know the layout of the buildings and I would n't be surprised . It 's heartbreaking that we spent all this time to have this happen . All the blood sweat and tears that went into building this . " Nacke helped raise funds for the Flight 93 National Memorial and advised in its planning . "  At the temporary memorial , people would leave cards , T-shirts and handmade stuff that was very comforting to us , " he said . "  That 's why it 's heartbreaking . I hope none of this stuff is lost . " Cause of fire is unknown Clouds of dark smoke could be seen billowing into the blue sky over the grounds Friday afternoon on a live webcam . "  We are deeply saddened to learn that a fire occurred at the Flight 93 National Memorial headquarters , " Gordon Felt , president of Families of Flight 93 said in a statement . "  We understand that no one was injured , and we are grateful for that . " "  Neither the memorial proper nor the new visitor center currently under construction were affected , as the headquarters is located approximately two miles from those sites , " Litterst said . Initial reports were of extensive damage to the complex , Litterst said . All employees and volunteers were safely evacuated . The cause of the blaze is under investigation , he said . 40 people died in the plane crash The memorial park is dedicated to the 40 passengers and crew who died when Flight 93 crashed outside the town in southwestern Pennsylvania . The plane went down , killing all on board , as passengers fought back against the hijackers , according to investigations . The memorial , still incomplete , includes a visitor center with traditional and interactive exhibits , public programs and information about the history of Flight 93 . United Airlines Flight 93 was traveling from Newark , New Jersey , to San Francisco when hijackers took over the plane , according to the 9/11 Commission . Investigators said the terrorists were most likely trying to turn the airplane toward Washington to hit a major political target . The 2,200-acre memorial park is managed by the National Park Service . The second phase of construction is to be completed by 2015 . Since 2001 , more than 1 million people from around the world have visited the crash site . What you need to know about the Flight 93 National Memorial CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Deanna Hackney and Laura Bernardini contributed to this report .	NEW : Some 911 artifacts may have been damaged , park service says Fire breaks out at headquarters of memorial to United Airlines Flight 93 Headquarters complex is about two miles from the memorial in Pa. . Flight 93 crashed on September 11 , 2001 , after hijackers took over the plane
CNN  -- Gary Johnson says there are three keys to his campaign being successful : he needs you to know who he is , he needs to be on the ballot in as many states as possible and he needs other libertarians to support him . And for the next two months , Johnson , the Libertarian party candidate for president and acknowledged underdog , will be zig-zagging across the country to make those admittedly unique goals a reality . That is the thrust of his argument : Once you get to know me , I swear you 'll like me . Johnson has fashioned himself the "  clear alternative " to Republican candidate Mitt Romney and President Barack Obama in November 's presidential election . The most recent CNN/ORC International poll shows that 3 % of likely voters and 4 % of registered voters say they 'd vote for Johnson . But the fact he is even included in a poll is enough to get Johnson excited . "  It is one thing if it gets reported that I am at 4 % nationally , " said Johnson , the former governor of New Mexico , "  but I do n't think I go down when people take a look at who I am and what I have done , I think it actually goes up . " And in some ways , he has proof to back that up . Johnson first ran for governor of New Mexico -- a state with a majority of Democratic voters -- in 1994 as a Republican . He won in the Republican primary , defeating three other Republicans , and then defeated an incumbent Democratic governor by 10 points . After four years in office , Johnson ran again and won in 1998 . Johnson 's popularity remained consistently high through his time as governor , leading one paper to remark that he was "  arguably the most popular governor of the decade . " CNN Poll : Could Gary Johnson be spoiler ? But he has his work cut out for him . The most notable third party presidential contenders are from the 1800s -- John Tyler , Andrew Johnson -- and even they were largely independents because their original parties disowned them . The last third-party presidential candidate to make a significant run at the White House was Ross Perot in 1992 . He ultimately carried no states and earned 19,743,821 votes . In 2000 , Green Party candidate Ralph Nader was labeled as a "  spoiler " after getting nearly 100,000 votes in Florida . He was seen by some as siphoning votes away from Democratic candidate Al Gore , who ultimately lost to George W. Bush in the closest election in modern U.S. history . And Johnson , who first announced his candidacy as a Republican , only switched to Libertarian when his campaign failed to gain much traction during the primaries . He has huge burdens when it comes to fund-raising -- he had only $ 14,265 in cash on hand at the start of August -- and in organization , with a passionate but small collection of staff and volunteers in a handful of states . And then there 's name recognition : Gary who ? Still , Johnson believes he can defy the odds and make the unlikely climb . "  I just need to catch a wave by the middle of October and awareness for me is a plus , " Johnson told CNN . "  I do think that I have a resume to back up everything that I am talking about . " Johnson says he is more liberal than Obama on social issues and more conservative than Romney on fiscal issues . He says same-sex marriage is a constitutional issue and should be legal , he supports legalizing marijuana usage and he says he would abolish the Internal Revenue Service . The third-party candidate is optimistic and is devoting large sums of his own money to make this campaign possible -- much of which came from Big J Enterprises , his mechanical contracting business in New Mexico . But what Johnson 's here-is-what-we-have-to-do optimism fails to clearly show is the daunting challenge in front of him . Johnson 's ballot access gospel Johnson is proud that he is likely going to be on the ballot in 47 states , even if that status is being challenged in three states -- Oklahoma , Michigan and Pennsylvania . Before being asked , Johnson brings the ballot access issue up to differentiate himself from other third-party candidates , like the Green Party 's Jill Stein . "  No other third party is going to come close to this 50 ballot access , " Johnson says proudly . "  I am a clear alternative to the other two and I want to point out that we are going to be on the ballot in all 50 states . " Johnson sees the struggles to get on the ballots as a badge of honor . "  We should take it as a compliment , " he said , that the party establishment does n't want him on the ballot . Compliment or not -- even if you are on the ballot , people have to know who you are . Hi , my name is Gary Johnson Fighting for ballot access and libertarian support are all for naught , however , unless Johnson is able to introduce himself to the American people , his campaign admits . At the heart of this introduction are the three prime-time presidential debates . "  The only way I am  going to be  president of the United States is if I am in the national debate between Obama and Romney , " Johnson said . "  If that takes place , then anything is possible . " The last time a third-party candidate was included in the presidential debates was 1992 , when Perot , an independent businessman , was running for president . And due to the fact that the three presidential debates have been announced without Johnson 's inclusion , the candidate admits it is n't likely he will be included . "  It is absolutely an uphill battle , " Johnson said , "  but that is the only scenario by which I could actually win . " But Johnson is n't putting all his stock in being included in the debates . He is taking his message on the road , hitting 16 college towns around the country in the next few weeks . In the statement announcing the trip , Johnson touches upon the importance of the youth vote -- and in particular , the way young voters were inspired by another libertarian , Rep. Ron Paul . A Libertarian courting Libertarians It is unusual that the Libertarian candidate for president is being forced to court other libertarians , but that 's exactly what Johnson has to do with the unflinchingly loyal base of libertarians who support former Republican hopeful Ron Paul . According to Johnson , the Paul supporters are "  absolutely pivotal " to his success . Johnson acts surprised that he has to do this , too . "  Where does his support go ? " the former governor asks . "  To Mitt Romney ? To Barack Obama ? Or to me ? " Libertarians are a unique set of voters . While they agree on some things -- individual freedoms , the right to do what you want without government coercion and a generally liberal social policy -- they also share a fierce independent streak . That independence , which largely stems from the desire to make their own decisions , makes the libertarian movement less of a cohesive group and more of a set of factions exchanging ideas . When making his pitch to Paul supporters , Johnson lists a litany of positions on which he and the former candidate agree . "  I do n't want to bomb Iran , I want to bring the troops home , I want to end the drug war , " Johnson says quickly . "  I want to end the Patriot Act , I want to balance the federal budget tomorrow and I want to abolish the IRS . " But many Paul supporters do n't see those issues as that black-and-white . Reaction to Johnson 's candidacy has been tepid and varied . "  He is ok . He is definitely very close , " said Mike Salvi , a Ron Paul grassroots organizer . "  Gary is very much in line with Dr. Paul on many issues , " said Jordan Page , a performer who traveled with the Paul campaign . "  It 's  the first time we have had a viable third party candidate . " "  I am not sure if I will vote for Gary Johnson , " said Danny Panzella , another Paul grassroots organizer . "  I do n't see him as a principle Libertarian . " Johnson endorsed Paul in 2008 , when the Texas congressman was running for president , and when Johnson dropped out of the race as a Republican in 2012 , he urged his supporters to vote for Paul in the Republican primaries . So far though , Paul has yet to give Johnson much support in 2012 . "  We do n't have contact with the Ron Paul campaign , " Johnson said bluntly . "  I am not asking for his endorsement and I do n't expect his endorsement . " The tension between Paul and Johnson is evidence of a larger split among libertarians . Paul commanded such a loyal following , that with his political career dwindling , there is power vacuum in the movement right now . With Johnson as the party 's candidate , he is trying to position himself as the group 's heir apparent . "  I am the Libertarian nominee for president , " Johnson said . "  I am now the spokesperson for the movement . "	Johnson switched to the Libertarian Party when his campaign stalled in the primaries The former New Mexico governor may be on the ballot in as many as 47 states Still , name recognition is one of his biggest hurdles as a third-party candidate
New York  CNN  -- He might not be a household name , but Yousef al-Khattab and his Revolution Muslim extremist group have been pivotal in inspiring a wave of homegrown American jihadists over the past three years . Born Joseph Cohen , this American Jew lived in Israel before converting to Islam . He espoused a radical version of the religion that he preached online and at public rallies . In a CNN interview last year , he professed his undying love for Osama bin Laden , saying "  I love him more than I love myself . " Today , al-Khattab seems to have changed his tune . He admits that his now defunct Revolution Muslim website became a "  bug light for Muslim misfits . " And he says he regrets that his message was taken by some as a justification to attack civilians . "  It was an idiotic thing , looking back on things now , " al-Khattab said . He says terrorists who attack civilians anywhere in the world are "  disgusting . " Violent message outside a New York mosque With so many of his followers under arrest , it is unclear whether al-Khattab means what he is saying or is just running scared . Either way , law enforcement sources say the collapse of Revolution Muslim 's website and apparent conversion of its founder is a win . By CNN 's count , in just the past 18 months , eight of the 27 reported cases of homegrown terrorism saw U.S. terror suspects frequenting , blogging on , or directly linked to Revolution Muslim and the Islamic Thinkers Society -- another extremist New York group that al-Khattab played a role in . Those cases includes the Baltimore man arrested Wednesday for plotting to bomb a military recruiting station . Maryland bomb suspect arrested Despite the risk of eschewing his radical brethren , al-Khattab agreed to go on camera and state his new message . "  I regret anybody that would hurt an American civilian . That I regret , " al-Khattab told CNN . "  I think that 's disgusting and I think that was never the message . " He says some of his previous statements , including his message condoning the Fort Hood , Texas , shootings , were taken out of context . "  My intention was not at all to inspire somebody ... to do an act like that , " he said . Al-Khattab created RevolutionMuslim.com with Younes Abdullah Mohammed , who told CNN last year that "  Americans will always be a target -- and a legitimate target -- until America changes its nature in the international arena . " The two apparently had a falling out , and parted ways . Mohammed has apparently left the United States for Morocco , where he is trying to start up a similar website , according to counter-terrorism sources . Another blogger who was active on RevolutionMuslim.com is now thought to be in Yemen , working with outlawed cleric Anwar al-Awlaki . Though law enforcement officials are encouraged by the demise of the Revolution Muslim website , they are cautious about al-Khattab . He has been a rock star in the world of militant Islam . His extreme rhetoric , according to sources , attracted many young would-be jihadists . Al-Khattab says he is taking a risk speaking on camera denouncing his past because , he says , he will now be an enemy of the radicals he once embraced . But he says this is message to them : He was wrong , and so are they . "  If you think that this is the direction , to come to the United States and bomb and blow up civilians , you 're terribly wrong and that was never ever the message that I wanted to give , it was never my intention . " He says it 's "  not my fault " that his actions may have inspired others to kill civilians . "  That 's like somebody reading ` Helter Skelter ' and saying that ... it influenced him to do the same thing , " he said . "  I ca n't help that . "	Younes al-Khattab started Revolution Muslim with another American-born convert Al-Khattab once praised al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden Today , he tells CNN 's Drew Griffin he does not support killing civilians
Editor 's Note : Actor and writer Joseph C. Phillips has appeared widely on television , including on "  The Cosby Show , " "  General Hospital " and "  Without a Trace , " and in films and theater . He writes a syndicated column and is the author of the book , "  He Talk Like A White Boy . " Joseph C. Phillips with his wife , Nicole , of 14 years , and their children , Connor , 10 , Ellis , 8 , and Samuel , 6 . CNN  -- I was truly honored to participate in the CNN documentary "  Black in America . " As often happens in projects of such ambition , it is difficult for everyone to have sufficient time to flesh out ideas . Though I went on tape with the program 's producers for several hours , it just was n't possible to explore all of my ideas at length . Working in Hollywood , I am used to ending up on the cutting room floor . That 's life in the big city . Soledad O'Brien and I had a long conversation about sentencing disparities among black and white criminals -- specifically , the disparity between sentencing for crack cocaine and powder cocaine . The context of our conversation concerned whether the sentencing disparity was evidence of the racism inherent in the criminal justice system . Despite efforts by the Supreme Court and the U.S. Sentencing Commission to increase flexibility in sentencing , the punishment for possession by a first-time offender of more than 5 grams of crack cocaine is a minimum 5-year prison sentence -- while possession of any amount of powder cocaine is a misdemeanor punishable by no more than a year in prison . In the mid-1980s , when these mandatory minimum sentences came into effect , America was experiencing a surge in violent crime , much of it fueled by the introduction of a new and extremely profitable  to say nothing of addictive  form of cocaine -- crack . There was tremendous violence associated with the crack cocaine trade as drug gangs fought over territory . The media told us that our neighborhoods were filling with crack babies -- children born addicted to cocaine because their mothers smoked the deadly toxin while pregnant . Our representatives in Congress , particularly the Congressional Black Caucus , decided to take a tough stance and supported harsh sentencing guidelines for selling crack cocaine . I have little sympathy for men and women who prey on the innocent hardworking members of the community . I am particularly critical of men who are guilty of criminal behavior , as this runs counter to what I see as one of the primary duties of men : to be guardians of the home and of the community , not parasites on that community . I am , however , uncertain that society gains very much by sentencing thousands of young black men to prison for nonviolent drug offenses . The sentences introduce them to a system from which it is difficult to extricate themselves and begins the downward path to joblessness , absentee fatherhood and more criminal behavior -- in short , creating more of the very behavior we are trying to discourage . The disparity in the guidelines ' impact does not in my mind prove systemic racism . I would , however , argue that it does not represent the best the American justice system has to offer and in fact undermines faith in that very system , especially among black folk . Studies show that more than 50 percent of inmates have drug and alcohol problems . When we are discussing nonviolent offenders , I think it may be prudent to spend a bit more time with rehabilitation as opposed to tossing folk in jail . We have tried for many years to attack the supply side of this equation ; it is in my humble opinion time to begin addressing the demand side and approach the drug war as a health issue . We also need to get a handle on single parenthood and absentee fathers . Responsible members of our community can not stress enough the effects of single parenthood on the development of children and how that development translates into criminal behavior in the community . Studies indicate that nearly 90 percent of the change in violent crime rates in a neighborhood can be accounted for by the change in percentages of out-of-wedlock births . Children from fatherless homes are : • 9 times more likely to drop out of high school . • 10 times more likely to abuse chemical substances . • 20 times more likely to end up in prison . These are sobering statistics . A change in the sentencing guidelines for crack cocaine will have very little effect if we do not begin to commit this community to raising our children in two-parent homes . Finally , there must be a corresponding responsibility on the part of citizens to avoid drugs and alcohol and obey the law . There must also be a continued demand by the rest of us that our fellow citizens engage in moral and ethical behavior . We must insist that concepts like nobility , duty and honor are not sacrificed on the altar of relativism . Nothing distresses me more than the e-mails I receive attempting to explain away the antisocial and criminal behavior of some of our neighbors as the result of poverty and or racism .  Left unanswered , of course , is why they who have also been targets of racism and economic hardship are not engaged in criminal behavior . To suggest that people attempt to live lives of virtue is not simplistic . It is in fact wisdom that is preached in our houses of worship each and every Sabbath day . Whether it concerns sexual behavior , decisions concerning our education or how we conceive of civil behavior , when it comes to creating lives of purpose and fulfillment nothing will replace the individual accessing the wisdom that has been passed down from antiquity . In the words of the poet William Ernest Henley : It matters not how strait the gate , How charged with punishments the scroll , I am the master of my fate : I am the captain of my soul . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	First-time possession of crack carries more severe sentence than powder cocaine Phillips : Disparity does n't prove racism , it was prompted by 1980s crime wave One-parent families are responsible for many social ills , he says People should try to live virtuous lives and take control of their fate , Phillips says
CNN  -- Reaction to a brazen attack at Nairobi 's Westgate Mall that left dozens dead and hundreds more wounded poured in Saturday from around the world , with leaders condemning the killings and pledging support to Kenya : United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon "  is following closely and with alarm " the developments and is being regularly briefed by his senior advisers , according to a written statement released by the United Nations press office . Ban spoke with Kenya 's president about the attack , it said . "  He also offered his solidarity as the Kenyan authorities handle the incident , " the statement said . United States The United States has offered its full support to the Kenyan government to bring to justice those responsible for "  this heinous act , " according to a statement released by the White House . "  We will continue to stand with the Kenyan people in their efforts to confront terrorism in all its forms , including the threat posed by Al-Shabaab , " National Security Council spokeswoman Caitlin Hayden said , according to the statement . "  This cowardly act against innocent civilians will not shake our resolve . " The Obama administration also extended its condolences to the families of those killed and injured , including a number of U.S. citizens hurt in the attack , the statement said . United Kingdom Prime Minister David Cameron has spoken with Kenya 's president , who briefed him on "  the current situation and explained that Kenyan security forces were bringing the situation under control , " according to a statement released by 10 Downing Street . Cameron "  passed on his sincere condolences and assured President Kenyatta that our thoughts were with him and all the people of Kenya at this difficult time , " it said . "  The prime minister said we were ready to provide any assistance we could . " France Two French citizens are among the victims in the attack , according to a statement released by the Elysee Palace . President Francois Hollande "  condemns in the strongest terms this cowardly attack and shares in grief with the family members of our countrymen , " the statement said . "  The president also expresses his complete solidarity with the Kenyan authorities . " Canada Prime Minister Stephen Harper confirmed the deaths of two citizens , including one diplomat , in the attack . He identified the diplomat , a liaison officer for the Canadian Border Services Agency in Nairobi , as Annemarie Desloges . "  Terror attacks like this seek to undermine the very values and way of life that Canadians cherish , and they reinforce the need for us to continue taking strong actions to protect the safety of Canadians no matter where they are in the world , " Harper said . "  Acts of terror can not be allowed to go unpunished . Canadian staff at our mission are offering Kenyan authorities every possible assistance to bring the perpetrators of this heinous attack to justice . " In Kenya mall , not seeing the attackers was part of the terror Q and A : Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Neda Farshbaf contributed to this report .	NEW : "  Attacks of terror can not be allowed to go unpunished , " Canada 's prime minister says The United States pledged support to Kenya in its hunt for the perpetrators Two French citizens are among the victims , according to the Elysee Palace UK Prime Minister David Cameron has been briefed by Kenya 's president
CNN  -- The South Korean military suspended its search for missing sailors Wednesday because of high winds spawned by stormy weather , the Yonhap News Agency reported . Searchers have been looking for 46 missing sailors from the 1,200-ton ship Cheonan , a naval ship that sank Friday in the Yellow Sea near the maritime border of North and South Korea . Fifty-eight crew members were rescued , and the intense search led to the death of a military diver and the hospitalization of two others . Diver dies in rescue effort near sunken ship Yonhap reported that divers have injected "  air through a crack in the stem of the 88-meter-long corvette , hopeful that the latter section of the ship , about 45 meters underwater , is holding crew members alive . " But high winds and strong currents have been working against the rescue effort . "  We are temporarily suspending operations . We can not expect to get near the ship in this condition , " defense ministry spokesman Won Tae-jae told reporters . Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship , but the cause of the blast is not known . South Korean President Lee Myung-bak has called for a thorough investigation into the cause of the explosion , and the country 's defense minister , Kim Tae-young , has raised the possibility that one of the many North Korean sea mines placed during the 1950-53 Korean War could have triggered the blast . He said the military was "  trying its best " to find survivors and that the cause of the incident will be made public "  at the soonest possible time . " Rescuers find rear section of ship where sailors could be trapped The navy plans to salvage the vessel , which was carrying missiles and torpedoes , to determine what caused the incident , Yonhap reported . Kim said work to hoist the ship above water could start next week and he said the government is mulling the formation of a fact-finding group to look into the incident . "  We will explain anything to answer questions and address rumors concerning the incident , " Kim said . "  We have nothing to hide and no reason to hide . So many lives are involved in this case . " Monday evening was the end of a 69-hour window during which rescuers believed the sailors could survive . Divers have knocked on the hulls of different parts of the ship with hammers , but raised no response . Baengyeong Island , the Seoul-administered island near the scene of the accident , is a flash point maritime border area between the Koreas . Given Baengyeong Island 's proximity to North Korea , North Korean involvement had been feared , but South Korean officials have continued to play down that scenario . North Korea 's official media has yet to mention the incident , according to Yonhap , but accused the United States and South Korea of conducting a maritime drill for the purpose of invading North Korea .	High winds caused by stormy weather delay search for missing South Korean sailors 46 sailors missing after explosion sank a naval ship Friday in the Yellow Sea 58 seamen were rescued soon after blast ; no bodies or survivors found since then Military officials say an explosion tore a hole in the rear of the ship ; cause of the blast not known
CNN  -- Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss was crowned Miss World on Sunday in a competition in London . "  South Africa , this is for you , " she said in an interview after the pageant . "  I 'm so proud of you , and I 'm proud to be your representative . " Strauss , 22 , inherited the crown from Miss World 2013 , Megan Young of the Philippines . She won the title over runner-up Miss Hungary Edina Kulcsar . Miss United States Elizabeth Safrit took third place . Strauss , a fourth-year medical student at University of the Free State , put her studies on hold after being crowned Miss South Africa in March . In her official Miss World 2014 introduction video , she credits former South African President Nelson Mandela with paving the way for her to pursue a career in medicine by creating a democratic South Africa . Strauss said she looked forward to continuing the legacy of Miss World CEO Julia Morley , founder of "  Beauty With a Purpose , " a nonprofit that supports humanitarian projects of Miss World contestants . Those who participate in a charitable contest or cause through the organization compete for the "  Beauty With a Purpose " award , winning points toward their final score . The focus on charitable acts helps counter criticism that the pageant promotes superficial images of women through swimsuit competitions and slinky evening gowns . As Miss South Africa , Strauss has promoted projects in women 's rights , health and education , including one to provide menstruation education to schoolgirls in South Africa . What do you think of beauty pageants such as Miss World ? Tell us in the comments .	Miss South Africa Rolene Strauss is crowned Miss World on Sunday Miss Hungary Edina Kulcsar is crowned runner-up Miss United States Elizabeth Safrit takes third place
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Pakistan 's president has defended his government 's recent ceasefire in the country 's volatile Swat Valley in a Wall Street Journal opinion piece , saying that many in the West have mischaracterized the deal . President Zardari also said that the cease-fire would not close girls ' schools in the troubled region . The permanent ceasefire , which was brokered in late February between members of the Taliban and leaders of Swat Valley , has been criticized and called a major concession by the Pakistani government in an attempt to hold off Taliban attacks . The central government has long exerted little control in the area , but it launched an intense military offensive in late July to flush out militants from areas of the North West Frontier Province As retaliation for the military presence , the Taliban carried out a series of deadly attacks , beheadings and destruction of girls ' schools . They also continued to gain ground , setting up checkpoints throughout the area . President Asif Ali Zardari addressed the international criticism in his Wall Street Journal article , published Wednesday . "  We have not and will not negotiate with extremist Taliban and terrorists , " Zardari wrote . "  The clerics with whom we have engaged are not Taliban . Indeed , in our dialogue we 'd made it clear that it is their responsibility to rein in and neutralize Taliban and other insurgents . " The deal was brokered by Sufi Mohammed , a pro-Taliban cleric who in the past was arrested for leading thousands of fighters against the United States in Afghanistan . Mohammed made the deal with his son-in-law and Taliban commander Maulana Fazlullah . In the article , Zardari also said that the cease-fire would not close girls ' schools in the region . "  We have not and will not condone the closing of girls ' schools , as we saw last year when militants closed schools in pockets of Swat Valley . Indeed , the government insists that the education of young women is mandatory . This is not an example of the government condoning or capitulating to extremism -- quite the opposite , " Zardari wrote . The cease-fire deal imposes Islamic law , or sharia , in the region . As part of the agreement , the Taliban is allowing boys ' schools to reopen and the government to set up temporary quarters for the more than 200,000 Swat residents who fled . Women in the area interviewed by CNN said that they would not be able to go to the schools and that , under Taliban-imposed sharia law , they can not even be seen in public without their husbands or fathers . Swat Valley , located in North West Frontier Province , was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . It is near the Afghanistan border and is 300 kilometers  186 miles  from the capital , Islamabad . -- CNN 's Stan Grant contributed to this report .	Deal brokered in February between Taliban and leaders of Swat Valley Central government has long exerted little control in the area Zardari : "  The clerics with whom we have engaged are not Taliban " "  It is their responsibility to rein in and neutralize Taliban , " he said
CNN  -- Inter Milan coach Andrea Stramaccioni has rejected suggestions that Wesley Sneijder has been "  victimized " in his pay dispute with the Italian football club . The Dutch midfielder , who earns a reported $ 290,000 a week , has been asked to extend his contract by an extra year to 2016 for the same total salary as cash-trapped Inter seek to cut costs . Last weekend the club said the 28-year-old would not be selected until he agreed to the new conditions , a move which has angered the international players ' union FIFPro . "  Clubs say that players must respect contracts , but why should that not apply in reverse ? " FIFPro secretary general Theo van Seggelen said last week . "  It is not as if Sneijder has taken a gun to the head of the board of Inter to force them to submit that contract . The club offered it to him with their full understanding . " Messi 's Barcelona set new record However , Stramaccioni insists that he has not picked Sneijder -- who was one of Inter 's key players in the 2009-10 treble-winning season under Jose Mourinho -- because of footballing reasons . "  It 's my job to pick the best team available , and at the moment I 'm not picking him , " Stramaccioni said after Sunday 's 1-0 win at home to Palermo , which kept Inter in third place -- four points behind leaders Juventus . "  This has nothing to do with his contract , I have to select the team and Inter come first . It 's not a case of the president telling me not to pick Sneijder , I pick the team . And I think it 's outrageous to suggest Sneijder is being ` victimized . ' "  We should be careful when using terms such as ` victimized . ' If someone who earns 1,000 euros a month heard us , we 'd look a bit silly . It 's my job to decide who 's in the best shape to play and I do so . I make my decisions and I stand by them . " FIFPro says it will demand action from football 's ruling bodies against clubs which seek to "  blackmail " players into accepting reduced terms . "  This type of practice used to be an exception . Unfortunately , we now see clubs in all countries in Europe using this type of measure . For us , the time has come to sound the bell , " Van Seggelen said . He cited another prominent example in Spain striker Fernando Llorente , who has been dropped by Athletic Bilbao after refusing to assign a new deal . "  If you want to offer a player a lower contract , you must only do that at the end of his current contract , " Van Seggelen said . The Nerazzurri won on Sunday thanks to a 74th-minute own goal by defender Santiago Garcia , whose struggling Palermo team is coached by Gian Piero Gasperini -- sacked by Inter last season after only five games in charge . Napoli stayed second with a 5-1 thrashing of bottom club Pescara , as Uruguay striker Edinson Cavani and Swiss midfielder Gokhan Inler scored twice each . Cavani has now fired 10 league goals this season , putting him second behind AC Milan 's Stephan El Shaarawy . Fiorentina retained fourth place despite being held 2-2 by Sampdoria , who canceled out two goals by Montenegro defender Stefan Savic before having Shkodran Mustafi sent off at the end . Lazio joined Fiorentina on 29 points with a 2-1 win at home to Parma , with veteran Germany striker Miroslav Klose netting the second goal for his ninth this season . In Spain , fourth-placed Real Betis kept pace with the leading clubs after winning 3-2 at Deportivo La Coruna , as striker Ruben netted the opening two goals . Second-bottom Deportivo leveled with two goals from striker Riki , but Betis snatched victory through on-loan Costa Rica winger Joel Campbell . Levante stayed seventh after being held 1-1 by Celta Vigo . In Germany , Werder Bremen moved up to eighth place with a 4-1 win at third-bottom Hoffenheim as Austrian striker Marko Arnautovic scored a hat-trick . Wolfsburg moved four points above the relegation zone after coming from behind to draw 1-1 at home to ninth-placed Hamburg .	Wesley Sneijder again not selected for Inter Milan 's win over Palermo on Sunday Netherlands international is in a pay dispute with the Italian club Players ' union says it is a key example of clubs "  blackmailing " their employees Spain striker Fernando Llorente has been dropped by his club in contract dispute
Washington  CNN  -- A half-dozen contract security officers at the federal courthouse where baseball 's Roger Clemens was put on trial last month are in trouble with their employer for accepting gifts from Clemens ' defense team after the judge declared a mistrial , the U.S. Marshals Service said Thursday . Clemens , under a six-count indictment accusing him of lying to Congress during an investigation of illicit steroid use , may still face a re-trial on those charges . He has pleaded not guilty . U.S. District judge Reggie Walton had declared a mistrial soon after the jury had been seated , when prosecutors introduced testimony he previously ruled inadmissible . After the mistrial , according to the Marshals Service , a number of courthouse security officers employed by a contractor received baseballs autographed by Clemens , reportedly in appreciation of their escorting him through a large mob of media covering the trial . The security company confirmed the gifts , the Marshals Service said . "  These alleged violations did not jeopardize judicial security , " the Marshals Service said , leaving any discipline up to the contractor that is conducting it own investigation . While no laws were broken , "  It is a violation of the contract for Court Security Officers to accept gifts in connection with official duties , " according to a policy cited by the Marshals Service . At risk could be a $ 5 million security contract for the company in place since 2008 . In the statement sent to CNN Thursday , the Marshals Service said "  six employees have been identified as being involved in the incident . " The service said the security company has proposed disciplinary actions , "  and those recommendations are being reviewed by the Marshals Service . " The statement did not elaborate on the proposed disciplinary actions . Meantime , the guards remain scheduled for duty , the statement said .	Courthouse guards face possible punishment from their employer for accepting gifts Roger Clemens ' defense team sent autographed baseballs to guards Clemens ' federal case leads to mistrial ; he may face a re-trial
KANSAS CITY , Kansas  CNN  -- Army Spc. Jeremy Hall was raised Baptist . Army Spc. Jeremy Hall , who was raised Baptist but is now an atheist , says the military violated his religious freedom . Like many Christians , he said grace before dinner and read the Bible before bed . Four years ago when he was deployed to Iraq , he packed his Bible so he would feel closer to God . He served two tours of duty in Iraq and has a near perfect record . But somewhere between the tours , something changed . Hall , now 23 , said he no longer believes in God , fate , luck or anything supernatural . Hall said he met some atheists who suggested he read the Bible again . After doing so , he said he had so many unanswered questions that he decided to become an atheist . His sudden lack of faith , he said , cost him his military career and put his life at risk . Hall said his life was threatened by other troops and the military assigned a full-time bodyguard to protect him out of fear for his safety . Watch why Hall says his lack of faith almost got him killed " In March , Hall filed a federal lawsuit against the U.S. Department of Defense and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , among others . In the suit , Hall claims his rights to religious freedom under the First Amendment were violated and suggests that the United States military has become a Christian organization . "  I think it 's utterly and totally wrong . Unconstitutional , " Hall said . Hall said there is a pattern of discrimination against non-Christians in the military . Two years ago on Thanksgiving Day , after refusing to pray at his table , Hall said he was told to go sit somewhere else . In another incident , when he was nearly killed during an attack on his Humvee , he said another soldier asked him , "  Do you believe in Jesus now ? " Hall is n't seeking compensation in his lawsuit -- just the guarantee of religious freedom in the military . Eventually , Hall was sent home early from Iraq and later returned to Fort Riley in Junction City , Kansas , to complete his tour of duty . He also said he missed out on promotions because he is an atheist . "  I was told because I ca n't put my personal beliefs aside and pray with troops I would n't make a good leader , " Hall said . Michael Weinstein , a retired senior Air Force officer and founder of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation , is suing along with Hall . Weinstein said he 's been contacted by more than 8,000 members of the military , almost all of them complaining of pressure to embrace evangelical Christianity . "  Our Pentagon , our Pentacostalgon , is refusing to realize that when you put the uniform on , there 's only one religious faith : patriotism , " Weinstein said . Religious discrimination is a violation of the First Amendment and is also against military policy . The Pentagon refused to discuss specifics of Hall 's case -- citing the litigation . But Deputy Undersecretary Bill Carr said complaints of evangelizing are "  relatively rare . " He also said the Pentagon is not pushing one faith among troops . "  If an atheist chose to follow their convictions , absolutely that 's acceptable , " said Carr . "  And that 's a point of religious accommodation in department policy , one may hold whatever faith , or may hold no faith . " Weinstein said he does n't buy it and points to a promotional video by a group called Christian Embassy . The video , which shows U.S. generals in uniform , was shot inside the Pentagon . The generals were subsequently reprimanded . Another group , the Officers ' Christian Fellowship , has representatives on nearly all military bases worldwide . Its vision , which is spelled out on the organization 's Web site , reads , "  A spiritually transformed military , with ambassadors for Christ in uniform empowered by the Holy Spirit . " Weinstein has a different interpretation . "  Their purpose is to have Christian officers exercise Biblical leadership to raise up a godly army , " he says . But Carr said the military 's position is clear . "  Proselytizing or advancing a religious conviction is not what the nation would have us do and it 's not what the military does , " Carr said . The U.S. Justice Department is expected to respond to Hall 's lawsuit this week . In the meantime , he continues to work in the military police unit at Fort Riley and plans to leave as soon as his tour of duty expires next year .	Army Spc. Jeremy Hall was raised Baptist but is now an atheist His sudden lack of faith cost him his military career and put his life at risk , he says Hall sued the Defense Department ; claims military is a Christian organization Pentagon official : Complaints about evangelizing are "  relatively rare "
CNN  -- The sparks of outrage that started in Ferguson , Missouri , have ignited a firestorm of protests across the country and beyond . But the furor is n't just about one grand jury 's decision on one shooting case . To many protesters , the death of unarmed black teenager Michael Brown -- and the lack of an indictment for the officer who shot him -- are symbolic of racial injustice in America . "  I think that it 's important for people to know that the decision not to indict  Officer  Darren Wilson means that the system does not value black lives , " one protester marching through Los Angeles told CNN . Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson "  I think that it means that a cop can kill a black or brown kid when he 's defenseless and unarmed and not get charged . I think that it means that we either fight back and stand up and end police terrorism . " More than 170 protests sprouted up across the country Tuesday . Some crowds blocked bridges , tunnels and major highways . But unlike the violence that erupted in Ferguson on Monday night , most of the demonstrations were peaceful . In New York , a protesters spanning an array of races and ages filled Times Square with their hands up , some chanting , "  Do n't shoot . " In Washington , a crowd including prep school students lay silently on a sidewalk , as if dead . And in Boston , even jail inmates joined in the protest silently from a window . Here 's what the country looked like late Tuesday and into Wednesday : ATLANTA The Public Enemy anthem pumping from mounted speakers at a protest in downtown Atlanta captured the mood of the crowd of roughly 300 Tuesday night . "  Fight the Power , " the rapper 's voice shouted over the speaker . "  Fight the powers that be . ... " Some Atlanta protesters held signs that read "  Enough " and "  We are all one bullet away from being a hashtag . " "  It 's a travesty ; it 's just not right , " ShaCzar Brown said , holding up a sign that read , "  Stop killer cops . " "  Seventy years ago , it was legal to kill black people , " Brown said , referring to the spate of lynchings that spread through the U.S. in the late 19th and early 20th centuries . "  It 's essentially still legal . " BOSTON About 1,000 protestors marched through the streets of Boston Tuesday night , passing by the South Bay House of Correction where inmates looked on from windows -- many of them holding their hands up in the air . On one window , someone had written "  Mike Brown " in tape . Even though police said 15 people were arrested , the gathering was peaceful . "  I 'm very proud of the young people here , " Police Superintendent in Chief William Gross told the Boston Globe . "  Do you see any cars burning ? Do you see any broken windows ? No . " Protester Daniel Jose Older told CNN the demonstration rapidly grew from a small gathering to hundreds of people . "  Folks have taken over the streets , " Older said . "  It 's a beautiful thing to see . " CHICAGO About 200 members of the Black Youth Project 100 started a 28-hour sit-in outside Mayor Rahm Emanuel 's office starting on Tuesday morning . Why 28 hours ? According to the group , a black person is killed by a police officer or a person protected by the state every 28 hours in America . Some lay motionless on the City Hall floor , as if they had been shot . But by Tuesday night , the protest was over . After City Hall closed for the day , police threatened to arrest those attempting to stay inside . LONDON The protests were n't just in the United States . Some were in Canada , and hundreds turned out Wednesday in London -- starting outside the U.S. Embassy before spreading elsewhere in the English city . Waving placards that read "  Justice for Michael Brown , " "  Solidarity with Ferguson " and "  Black Lives Matter , " protesters held candles in the chilly November drizzle in Grosvenor Square . The speakers included Carole Duggan , whose nephew Mark was shot dead by police in 2011 , sparking days of riots in London and other cities across England . Marcia Rigg , whose brother Sean died in police custody in London in 2008 , said "  institutional racism " was a global problem . "  We need change , " Rigg said . "  There needs to be a political will to change , a political will for justice . " LOS ANGELES A stretch of the 101 Freeway in Los Angeles was temporarily shut down in both directions Tuesday evening after protesters took road blocks from the streets and put them on the freeway , police said . But protesters who gathered outside Los Angeles police headquarters demonstrated peacefully . "  We have detained people . We do n't have any property damage to speak of , " Officer Jack Richter said . "  We are letting  the people  exercise their constitutional rights . " Demonstrators returned to the city 's streets again Wednesday . Scores of them began at the federal courthouse , then marched with signs held high through downtown . As of 6 p.m.  9 p.m. ET  , the event -- which , by then , had already been underway for hours -- was peaceful , said California Highway Patrol Officer Edgar Figueroa . Police were steering the demonstrators , keeping them downtown and away from freeways , according to Figueroa . MINNEAPOLIS A woman in a group of protesters blocking an intersection was run over by a car during a demonstration Tuesday . The Star Tribune newspaper reported that the driver honked at the protesters before knocking a few people onto the hood of the car and apparently running over the woman 's legs . The woman injured was hospitalized with "  minor injuries . " NEW YORK A massive protest Tuesday wound its way from Union Square to FDR Drive and to the United Nations , Times Square and Harlem . "  Now it 's not clear where we 're going , " said CNN 's Miguel Marquez , who was interviewing protesters as they continued marching after midnight into early Wednesday . One demonstrator said he did n't even know about the protest until he saw it pass by his workplace on Times Square . He decided to join in . "  I just want to help bring about change ... sometimes I am profiled based on my race , " said the protester , who is black . "  I think this is progress ... now we 're going to make sure things are going to change . " As they marched , some protesters chanted , "  Mike Brown ! Mike Brown ! " Police , who were nearby in large numbers , stayed back and let the marchers go . OAKLAND Perhaps the most turmoil Tuesday night was in Oakland , California , where vandals smashed the windows of a car dealership and looted several businesses , including a T-Mobile cell phone store . Some also set bonfires in the city . One row of bonfires stretched across a road , blocking off access . At least one person was seen adding more items to the fires . WASHINGTON , D.C. . In Washington , protesters lay down on a sidewalk outside police headquarters as if dead , Nikki Burdine of CNN affiliate WUSA tweeted Tuesday . Some had handwritten notes on their chests : "  Black lives matter . " Read what Darren Wilson told the grand jury ' A thousand Fergusons across America ' CNN 's Paul Vercammen , Jessica Ravitz , Lorenza Brascia , John Blake , Greg Morrison , Rob Frehse , Bryony Jones , Tina Burnside and Bill Kirkos contributed to this report .	NEW : Scores of protesters rally , march through downtown Los Angeles Hundreds protest in London ; one calls "  institutional racism " a global problem Protesters from many ages and races filled Times Square in New York Vandals in Oakland , California , bust windows of a car dealership and loot stores
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Japan seems to be seeing some splendid days . This past week the Nikkei 225 hurdled over the 14,500 mark and near a five-year high , while the yen weakened beyond the 100-yen mark against the dollar and to a four-year low . If that was n't enough , Japan 's exporters have started to pick up the black pen to report earnings where only red had been used in the past several years -- Sony this week revealed its first full-year net profit in five years . With investors and exporters feeling the cash surge , the potential for change is at hand but challenges still lie in wait . Analysts warn that parts of Japan Inc. are still very much on the brink . Japanese tech : ` They dropped the ball ' "  The weakening yen is benefiting Japan 's technology companies but it 's not going to get them back to where they used to be five to ten years ago , " says Steve Durose , Senior Director and Head of Asia-Pacific TMT Ratings at Fitch . "  Fundamentally , the reason why Sharp , Sony and Panasonic are speculative grade now ... is basically because of a loss of tech leadership . They missed out on tablets and phones . They dropped the ball on key products . We 've yet to see them come up with compelling products . " Teasing apart , Sony 's annual earnings statement for the fiscal year that ended March 31 , the company finished the year with a profit of $ 435 million only because it sold assets worth more than $ 1.9 billion dollars . "  Excluding those , then Sony is making a big loss , " says Kelvin Ho , Director of Fitch 's Corporate Ratings Group , "  so it does n't mean they will return the cash to shareholders or retire their debt at an accelerated pace -- but that they intend to invest in strategically important businesses . " Those businesses may involve bulking up Sony 's relatively small imaging business , including cameras and sensors , and its music and movie divisions . Recent cinema hits that helped Sony , include the latest James Bond installment "  Skyfall , " which pulled in more than $ 1 billion at the global box office , along with the "  Spider-Man " movie trilogy with Tobey Maguire and the "  Amazing Spider-Man " reboot in 2012 . The question , however , is will Sony 's leadership send funds that foster more growth in such divisions ? "  The short answer is ` we 'll have to see ' . It 's too early to say whether the company is going down that path on focusing on a small number of profitable products , " says Durose . "  At one stage last year , people were seriously debating whether Sony should stop making TVs . I remain to be convinced if they can make a profit , but in their latest statement they seem to be committed to the television segment and believe they can grow sales and return to profit . And if they can , I congratulate them . " Sony 's television division has been a loss maker over the past several years , adds Durose , as has Sony 's flagship smartphone , the Xperia Z. "  By all accounts it 's a good phone . It 's one of the sturdiest phones on the market . But I think I only know two people who use it , " he adds . Of Japan 's tech firms , Fitch only ranks Sony , Panasonic and Sharp . All three have speculative ratings with negative outlooks . Japanese autos : ` They 're back to compete ' While the forecast for a resurgence in Japan technology innovation appears in doubt , the prediction for Japan 's automobile exports seems more enthusiastic as the yen has weakened . In Toyota 's recent earnings report for the fiscal year ended March 31 , the world 's biggest automaker reported net income of $ 9.7 billion -- more than triple its earnings from the year prior . "  Japanese automakers have regained confidence and momentum . In the auto industry , momentum is everything , " says Michael Dunne , President of Dunne and Company and author of American Wheels , Chinese Roads . "  This is n't a temporary blip . They 're back to compete . " Still , adds Dunne , Japan 's auto sector faces growth challenges because of regional politics in Asia , global competition and a lack of innovation which a weaker yen can not help . Chronic tensions between Japan and China over territorial disputes in the South China Sea have dampened demand for Japanese automobiles in China , the world 's largest car market . "  They  Japanese automakers  will sell three million cars there this year but it could be much higher . If they get things right , within five years it could easily get to five million , " says Dunne . "  Dealers say a good benchmark is showroom traffic . In China , because of the tension , dealers I know say in October and November of last year that showroom traffic at Japanese dealerships was down by half . It 's recovering slowly . " Competition from South Korea and Detroit 's Big Three automakers -- General Motors , Ford and Chrysler -- has also been rising . To push back , Dunne says using new-found profits from a weaker yen to move manufacturing plants to cheaper locales overseas is one way to stay competitive -- as long as the pace of expansion is controlled . "  One thing is Toyota began an aggressive schedule to open more production bases overseas but that was the beginning of its problems . To duplicate the quality and fastidiousness of Japanese plants was difficult . They were running to be number one at the expense of quality . " Toyota 's well-documented crises of quality from 2009 and 2010 set the company back in consumers ' eyes , says Dunne , which has led to challenges from other carmakers . "  The threat from  South Korea 's  Hyundai has been well documented . American automakers have boosted quality , innovation and styling too , " says Dunne . "  For example , the Ford Focus has been a spectacular success . It was the best-selling model in 2012 but Toyota 's Corolla had perennially been the best-selling car over the ten years before that . " But Dunne adds Toyota is slowly regaining customer trust after a series of recalls . In December 2012 , Toyota agreed to pay $ 1.1 billion to settle a class-action suit by car owners who claimed they suffered economic losses because of unintended acceleration in its cars . That same month , the company also agreed to pay a record $ 17.4 million to the U.S. National Highway Traffic Safety Administration for problems that led to a 2012 recall in one of its Lexus models . As for direction at the world 's largest automaker , Dunne says he has heard good things about the leadership style of Toyota 's president and CEO that aims to foster innovation . "  I hear Akio Toyoda enters a room with an entourage of extremely bright engineers and colleagues but he also says ` do n't get too burrowed in ' and ` let 's open our eyes and see what we can do differently ' . It seems there 's an awakening among the Japanese . "	Weaker Japanese yen boosting equities , exporter profits , investor sentiment Sony reported first annual profit in five years ; Toyota reported $ 9.7 B annual profit Fitch : Japan tech will not benefit enough from weaker yen for return to competitiveness Analyst : Japan auto sector challenged by China politics , S. Korea , U.S. competition
CNN  A New York man says his smartphone blew up in his pocket and that he wound up in a hospital . Erik Johnson of Lindenhurst says his iPhone 5C spontaneously erupted in extreme heat while it was in his pants pocket , giving him second - and third-degree burnson his leg the size of a football . He was headed to a wake for his cousin in New Jersey on February 14 , Johnson said , and he dropped his car keys . "  When I went to bend over , I heard a pop , " he told CNN . "  I heard a sizzling , and I ended up ripping my pants off to stop it from burning me . " Johnson said he did n't know what was causing the pain at first and there was no warning -- just an extreme burn and a lot of pain . In a panic , he quickly started ripping at his pants as the phone began to melt the edges of his pocket shut , he said . "  I was trying to get it out of my pocket , " he said . "  It started burning right through my pants . It was burning my leg , and I had to get my pants off somehow . " Johnson 's brother , who was with him at the time , decided driving him to the hospital would be faster than dialing 911 , Johnson said . They drove to the Bayonne Medical Center in New Jersey . After being evaluated in the emergency room , Johnson was taken by ambulance to the Burn Center at Staten Island University Hospital . The burn center confirmed to CNN that he spent 10 days there receiving treatment . "  I still ca n't believe it , " Johnson said . "  I 've never dealt with anything like this before . " He works as an operating engineer in New York City , maintaining escalators , cranes and forklifts . He said now he is at home with family in Lindenhurst , and a nurse comes in every day to change his bandage . In the meantime , he said , he has n't even thought about buying a new phone . Mike Della , a personal injury lawyer on Long Island who is representing Johnson , says despite two phone calls and a letter , Apple had not yet responded to his queries about why his client 's phone suddenly exploded in heat . CNN reached out to Apple , and the company stated that it is looking into the incident . Johnson purchased the phone last year and had not been using a battery case or third-party charger , Della said . "  First and foremost , we have to find out how this happened and prevent it from happening ever again , " Della told CNN . "  That 's the whole goal here . Is the product safe ? " Della said because of this case , he now is quick to take extra precautions with his phone . "  Now , every single time I have my iPhone , instead of putting it in my pocket , I put it in the seat next to me because of this case , " he said . "  My wife does the same thing , and so does everyone else at the  law  firm . It 's a little scary . " "  You should n't have to worry about your phone exploding , " he said .	Erik Johnson says when he bent over to pick up his keys , "  I heard a pop " His phone had exploded , he was burned and had to be hospitalized , he says Apple says it is looking into the incident
Washington  CNN  -- She 's a "  grand old flag " and that 's exactly why the two men running for president want you to know that all of their official campaign paraphernalia was made in the good old USA . Those "  I bark for Barack " car magnets . Made in the USA . The "  I 'm a Mom for Mitt " window decals . Made in the USA . President Barack Obama 's re-election campaign even has a "  Runway to Win " project by American fashion designers . For $ 40 , folks can paint their tootsies in "  Red-y To Win Red , " "  Victory White " and "  Bo Blue . " Not to be outdone , the Republican Presidential Candidate Mitt Romney 's campaign offers a onesie for tiny tots that is bedecked with an "  R " in red , white and blue . Neither the Obama or Romney campaigns offered comment on the topic beyond confirming that all official merchandise is made in America . Such patriotic zeal would seem a no-brainer for those in the spotlight . However , this week 's brouhaha over U.S. Olympic team gear made in China has some lawmakers on Capitol Hill feeling like the world is , well ... flat . "  I think the Olympic Committee should be ashamed , " Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , told reporters on Capitol Hill on Thursday . Romney further blasted the U.S. Olympic committee saying the shirts should all be put in a pile and burned and that it would better for American athletes to wear shirts with USA hand painted on the front . Ouch . When Romney ran the Salt Lake City Olympics , he promoted an affiliated pin commemorating September 11 terrorist attacks . "  We created a little pin and we notified people that we 're now going to be selling these pins and the proceeds are going to go  to charity , " Romney said at a Virginia fundraiser Those pins were made in China , according to the Utah State Historical Society 's records .	Both Obama and Romney campaigns point out paraphernalia made in U.S. U.S. Olympic team 's China-made uniforms widely criticized Senate Majority Leader Reid said uniforms should be burned
CNN  -- Top seed Caroline Wozniacki remained on track for a first grand slam singles title after a straight sets win over Slovakia 's Dominika Cibulkova saw the Dane progress to the semifinals of the U.S. Open . Wozniacki got the better of another night of windy conditions at Flushing Meadows , dominating her 21-year-old opponent to win 6-2 7-5 . Last year 's runner up in New York made just 18 unforced errors in the match , compared to 43 from 45th ranked Cibulkova who also struggled to hold serve on the Arthur Ashe court . "  It felt like playing in a hurricane , " world number two Wozniacki told the official U.S. Open website . "  But it was the same for both players and I was happy to get through . " Home hopes distant ahead of U.S. Open The 20-year-old will now face Vera Zvonareva in Friday 's semifinal , after the Russian beat Kaia Kanepi of Estonia 6-3 7-5 . "  She 's playing aggressively so it 's going to be a really tough match , " Wozniacki , who could reclaim her world number one title from the injured Serena Williams should she lift the title in New York , said of her semifinal opponent . "  She 's a great player . I 'm going to go out there and do my best . " Zvonareva will be playing in the U.S. Open semifinals for the first time after her straight sets win over 31st seed Kanepi . The seventh seed got to grips with the wind much better than 25-year-old Kanepi , who racked up a total of 60 unforced errors over the course of the match . "  I do n't think she was just making errors for no reason , " Zvonareva , who is yet to drop a set during the tournament , told the official U.S. Open website . "  I think I was making it difficult for her . " The result also means 26-year-old Zvonareva has now reached the last four in two successive grand slams , following her run to the Wimbledon final in June . Meanwhile , in the other half of the draw defending champion Kim Clijsters came through a tough three-set quarterfinal to set up a last-four clash with former winner Venus Williams . The Belgian second seed battled past Australian Sam Stosur 6-4 5-7 6-3 , while third seed Williams overcame Italy 's Francesca Schiavone 7-6 6-4 to book her place in the semifinal . The pair will meet for the 13th time in their careers in Friday 's semifinal , with their head-to-head tied at 6-6 . They are both chasing their third titles at Flushing meadows .	Top seed Caroline Wozniacki progressed to the semifinal of the U.S. Open with 6-2 7-5 win over Dominika Cibulkova Last year 's runner up in New York needs to win title to reclaim world number one sport Dane will play Vera Zvonareva of Russia who beat Estonia 's Kaia Kanepi in straight sets Kim Clijsters and Venus Williams will meet in the other semifinal
CNN  -- Former Argentina international defender Fernando Caceres is fighting for his life in a Buenos Aires hospital after being shot in the head during an armed robbery . The 40-year-old Caceres , who played for Argentina in the 1994 World Cup , was gunned down as a gang tried to steal his BMW car in the early hours of Sunday morning . A bullet has reportedly entered his head through his right eye , and he remains in a coma in a grave condition . Caceres was visited by his former Boca Juniors teammate and national coach Diego Maradona , who clearly distressed , told reporters outside the hospital that crime was rife in the Argentine capital . "  This is a time bomb , going out is a constant danger , " Maradona told television station TyCSports . "  This happens every day , nobody does anything and something must be done . "  Caceres is in the hands of God and I hope it helps , " Maradona added . The attack happened in the Fort Apache area of Buenos Aires , which is where Manchester City star Carlos Tevez grew up , and is notorious for high crime levels . Players from two of his former clubs , Argentinos Juniors and Independiente displayed a banner of support for him ahead of their later match in the Argentine league on Sunday . Caceres won the league title with River Plate in 1991 and the European Cup Winners Cup with Spanish side Real Zaragoza in 1995 . He played 24 games for Argentina , helping them to the Copa America in 1993 before appearing at the World Cup finals in the United States a year later . Caceres ended his playing career at his original club of Argentinos Juniors in 2007 and has been coaching at Independiente .	Former Argentina international Fernando Caceres in grave condition in hospital Caceres shot in the head as gang try to steal his BMW car in Buenos Aires Argentina football legend Diego Maradona visits Caceres in hospital 40-year-old Caceres enjoyed a distinquished club and international career
London  CNN  -- Far from home , competing against the best in the world , with the eyes of billions of people on them , Olympic athletes are under the kind of pressure that few of us can imagine . But they 're only human and they have needs just like everyone else . Some of the world 's biggest sports stars from the past and the present told CNN what they just ca n't do without when they 're at the Olympics . Justin Gatlin , U.S. sprinter and 2012 100m bronze medal winner : "  Communication with my son . I have a two-year-old boy and obviously he does n't know what 's going on now , the magnitude of it , but he knows that Daddy runs ... to hear him talk to me and tell me he loves me before I go out and compete , that gives me the mojo to go out there and do the best I can do . " Michael Phelps , U.S. swimmer and winner of the most medals in Olympic history : "  Cell phone . " Elena Isinbaeva , Russian pole vaulter . World record holder and 2012 bronze medal winner : "  People who support me and love me . " Gabby Douglas , two-time gold medal winning U.S. gymnast : "  My Bible . " Jackie Joyner-Kersee , three-time gold medal winning U.S. athlete whose heptathlon world record has stood since 1988 : "  This is probably a strange answer , but I 'm an asthmatic and I had to have my inhaler with me all the time because I was always afraid I might have an attack . The weather might change wherever I am so I kept it inside my sports bra . I could n't live without it . " Ian Thorpe , five-time swimming gold medalist , the most golds of any Australian : "  I actually had a bag of licorice that no matter how I felt , whether it was a good swim or bad swim , it was my go-to . So bizarre ... probably the worst thing to have as a thing at the Olympics . " Felix Sanchez , two-time gold medal winning 400m hurdler , representing the Dominican Republic . Sanchez won gold in the 400m hurdles in 2004 , but as he was preparing to run his heat at the Beijing Olympics in 2008 , he learned his grandmother had died . He "  cried the whole day and ran terribly , " he says , and did not qualify for the semi-finals . This year he ran with a photograph of himself and his grandmother tucked inside his running vest -- and regained his gold medal . "  I made a promise , " he says . "  I wanted to win one more championship for her . " CNN 's Caroline Paterson , Jo Shelley , Becky Anderson , Erin McLaughlin , Amanda Davies and Alex Thomas contributed to this report .	Michael Phelps says he ca n't do without his cell phone 400m hurdling gold medal winner Felix Sanchez carries a photo of his late grandmother Ian Thorpe kept a bag of licorice handy Jackie Joyner-Kersee , an asthmatic , tucked an inhaler into her sports bra just in case
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- For 8-year-old Ryan Mohar , an elevator is n't just an elevator . He spends hours pressing the buttons and riding up and down , preferring this to the slew of alternatives that his teachers offer -- even candy . Ryan Mohar , who has autism , gets treated with ABA approaches at the Marcus Autism Center . Ryan is one of many American children with autism , a neurological disorder characterized by repetitive behaviors or limited interests , and difficulties with communication and social interactions . At the Marcus Autism Center in Atlanta , Georgia , Ryan and other children with communication and behavior difficulties get help through a rigorous empirical method called Applied Behavior Analysis . "  Decades of research has shown that that is the treatment of choice , and results in the best gains in terms of skill acquisition and behavior problem reduction for kids with autism and other developmental disabilities , " said Alice Shillingsburg , program coordinator of the center 's Language and Learning Clinic . The effectiveness and nature of ABA is particularly relevant as many parents fight for insurance companies to cover it and other autism treatments . The organization Autism Speaks has endorsed bills in 25 states that would require private health insurance policies to cover the diagnosis and treatment of autism spectrum disorders for anyone under the age of 21 . The legislation would specifically be targeted at ABA and other structured autism therapies . Only eight states have autism insurance reform , according to Autism Speaks . While ABA encompasses a broad range of practices of studying and changing behavior , the one usually associated with autism is called discrete trial instruction . A trial consists of a cue , the opportunity to respond and a reward . Watch therapists using applied behavior analysis on Ryan " For example , a therapist might try to teach a child who likes sweets to request candy . The trial gets repeated over and over so that the child learns that candy comes only as a result of the request . The clinicians at Marcus Autism Center carefully record how many trials the child successfully completes . Learn more about autism " "  If suddenly they can emit some vocal response , and suddenly when they do that , candy appears -- someone delivers candy to them -- that 's a very powerful response for that child , " said Nathan Call , director of Behavior Treatment Clinics at the Marcus Autism Center . Analysts examine progress based on such data at least once a day -- sometimes five or six times a day -- and will change the treatment plan if necessary . In Ryan 's case , a trial begins when his clinical specialist takes him near the elevator and asks him to hand over a card -- his way of requesting access to the elevator . If Ryan gives the card , he gets to go to the elevator , and that is the end of one trial . If he does not , his helpers walk him away , and a new trial begins . Experts working with Ryan hope that teaching him to ask for the things he enjoys -- elevator rides , elevator buttons -- will help him stop running away , which he does even at home . In fact , Ryan wears a GPS-equipped ankle bracelet so that police can track him if he gets far from home . ABA is very effective , but the term "  cure " is inaccurate , experts said . Autism describes a broad range of characteristics , not an underlying cause , Call said . ABA techniques can produce significant behavior changes , however . "  The goal is not necessarily for the child to have hit all of their developmental milestones , necessarily , but rather it 's hopefully to get them to a point where they 're able to take advantage of a more typical or less restrictive educational environment , " he said . Studies have shown that 60 percent of high-functioning children can lose their diagnosis of autism by age 8 by using ABA , according to the Kennedy Krieger Institute , a leading center in autism research and treatment in Baltimore , Maryland . Not everyone is so enthusiastic about ABA , however . Dr. Max Wiznitzer , associate professor of pediatric neurology at Case Western Reserve University in Cleveland , Ohio , cautions that the treatment should fit the child , and ABA may not work as well for some children as other types of therapy . An alternative approach is play-based therapy , whereby the therapist takes cues from the child rather than the other way around . For example , if a child is bouncing a ball , the therapist would take that as an opportunity to encourage the child to bounce the ball back to him or her , Wiznitzer said . One of the pioneers of ABA is Ivar Lovaas , a child psychologist who in the 1960s began investigating how to help children who injured themselves . His research showed that components of ABA could reduce these behaviors . The therapy has evolved since then , however . In the beginning , the approach to ABA was more dogmatic and "  cookie-cutter , " Wiznitzer said . A child who cooperated got a reward , but a child who did not cooperate got a punishment such as yelling or a squirt of water . "  ABA in a classic sense is a very restricted , very limited program that has issues with the ability to generalize the learned skill outside of the ABA environment , " he said . A family once told him that their child showed great restaurant manners -- but only in the basement , he said . Today , many analysts who use ABA as a guide go more with the flow of the needs of the child , he said . ABA is n't just for children with autism -- the methods have been used for people of all ages , with and without disabilities . Staff members at Marcus Autism Center try to help children use the skills they learn outside of the artificial environment of the classroom . "  They 're doing research here on finding the best way to create those moments where the child really needs information in order to complete a preferred task or to gain access to a preferred activity or a preferred outcome , " Call said . Another criticism of ABA is that children become mechanical because they learn to have only one specific response for a given prompt in real life . Call 's response is that variability is just another behavior that can be taught , but noted that there are trade-offs . Parents have input in the decision to focus more on teaching a lot of different skills , rather than to teach several responses in any one situation . "  Oftentimes , the goal is to focus more on giving as many functional skills as possible to that child , so they can have as fulfilling a life as they can , " Call said . ABA is extremely costly , however . For the behavior clinics , therapy sessions at Marcus Autism Center begin at $ 60 per hour , and go higher in price depending on the expert who is providing the treatment -- a session with someone with a master 's or doctorate may cost more . A person with autism costs society about $ 3.2 million over the course of his or her lifetime , according to a 2007 study in the journal Archives of Pediatrics & Adolescent Medicine . Direct medical costs for the first five years are , on average , about $ 35,000 , the study said . For children from non-English-speaking families , two staff members at Marcus Autism Center speak Spanish , and an outside translator can be brought in if necessary for other languages , said Chris Tullis , a clinical specialist . But the Association for Behavior Analysis International told CNN that it does not have any "  board-certified therapists " in Atlanta who report speaking Spanish . As for Ryan , after only about two weeks at Marcus Autism Center , his screaming has come down from more than 200 times an hour to about 38 , Call said . "  It looks promising , but we 've got 10 more weeks to actually find out what 's really going to work the best with Ryan , " Tullis said .	Applied behavior analysis is a rigorous empirical method to teach behaviors Autism Speaks has endorsed bills in 25 states to make insurance cover ABA Research : 60 percent of high-functioning kids can lose autism diagnosis with ABA Five-year medical costs for children with autism , on average , about $ 35,000
CNN  -- Pakistan is blocking access to Facebook in response to an online group calling on people to draw the Prophet Mohammed , officials said Wednesday . The Pakistan Telecommunication Authority issued the order a day before "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day , " scheduled by a Facebook group with the same name , because of "  the objectionable material " on the social networking site , said Khoram Ali Mehran of the telecommunication authority . "  We have blocked it for an indefinite amount of time . We are just following the government 's instructions and the ruling of the Lahore High Court . If the government decides to unblock it then that 's what we will do , " he said . The organization has not received any complaints from internet users about the blocking of Facebook so far , he said . Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed . There were riots around the world in response to a series of cartoons of Mohammed in a Danish newspaper in 2005 , and at least two European cartoonists live under police protection after publication of their drawings of the Muslim prophet . Mimi Sulpovar , who started the Facebook group , said she read about the idea on a blog after Comedy Central bleeped out part of an episode of "  South Park " that mentioned the prophet . "  This is meant to be in protest , " said Sulpovar , who is American . "  This is something I have felt strongly about for a long time : Bullying by certain Muslim groups will not be tolerated in a free country . " Sulpovar said Pakistan 's decision to block Facebook was ridiculous . Her group and a similar one had attracted about 7,000 fans between them Wednesday . Groups opposing the idea had about 68,000 . A spokesman for the Council on American-Islamic Relations said the idea behind the group was offensive . "  Islam discourages any visual representations of the prophets of God -- Jesus , Moses , Mohammed , anybody -- because we believe it can lead to a form of idol worship , " Ibrahim Hooper said . "  The majority of Muslims worldwide object to any representation of a prophet of God . " The idea of "  Draw Mohammad Day " originated with a cartoonist who has since distanced herself from the idea , Sulpovar and Hooper said . "  The whole campaign has been taken up by Muslim-bashers and Islamophobes , " Hooper said . Sulpovar denied being anti-Muslim . "  This extends beyond being able to draw Mohammad , " she said . "  If it 's offensive to you , that 's fine , but I do n't feel it 's right to impose your belief on others through intimidation . "  This is nothing to do with hate or bigotry , " she said . "  Nobody is inciting violence or preaching open hatred towards individuals . " Sulpovar said she is not a Muslim but added that she had received "  hundreds of e-mails from people trying to explain this to me . " One group member said she saw anger and fear on both sides of the controversy but felt that free speech could not be compromised . "  This is a hot-topic debate , but so is abortion , illegal immigrants , gay marriage and politics . If we allow even a small compromise for one group , then the free speech on topics like abortion , illegal immigrants and politics can also be censored based on accusations that they cause violence or hate , " Autumn Meadows said on CNN 's iReport . "  Hate speech is wanting a group eradicated , physically harmed or dead . I do n't think drawing Mohammed falls under that category , " she said . "  Islam is not above criticism or cartoons . I believe in equality , and censoring Mohammed while we can draw every other figure in the world does not equal equality , " she said . Facebook is investigating the block , said Debbie Frost , the company 's director of global communications . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	NEW : Facebook group 's creator says idea meant to protest "  bullying " by Muslim groups "  Everybody Draw Mohammed Day " urges users to submit drawings of Mohammed Devout Muslims consider it offensive to depict Mohammed Telecommunications official says Facebook blocked on government 's orders
London  CNN  It was n't messrs Clooney , Pitt and their nine accomplices who sailed down an elevator shaft and cracked open dozens of safety deposit boxes at a London vault during the Easter weekend . But last weekend 's raid in the heart of the city 's jewelry district feels like it has been taken from a movie like "  Ocean 11 " given its daring and planning . Such robberies are rare : the gang did n't follow the current criminal trend of manipulating digits in cyber space but instead went back to basics and committed their burglary in a way not seen in London for more than 40 years . In September 1971 , the staff of a bank in Baker Street , central London , arrived at work to find that thieves had dug a 40-yard tunnel from a shop they had rented , hauled in a thermic lance and explosives and opened the strong room . The gang got away with a haul worth around # 30 million  the incident later formed the basis of the movie "  The Bank Job . " But how are such heists organized ? Roy Ramm , a former commander of specialist operations at London 's Scotland Yard for 27 years , explains . In the UK burglaries and robberies are often committed by working-class people , people who would otherwise have blue collar jobs . In more than 25 years as a Scotland Yard detective , I never met a Raffles - or a Thomas Crown-style criminal from a middle-class background who had then turned to the hard side of crime . Sophisticated heists like the Hatton Garden raid are generally not a natural progression for burglars who began with smaller domestic break-ins . Many neighborhood criminals commit burglaries to feed drugs habits and acquire long strings of convictions that mean they are always on the police radar . Occasionally , they steal things they ca n't sell and end up dumping valuable paintings or antiques when they are not able to sell them on quickly . More specialist criminals -- those , for example , who target museums or country houses -- will be very specific and steal only what they know they can quickly convert to untraceable cash . Many of those who commit the bigger crimes or run major criminal enterprises combine high IQs with a kind of raw street intelligence . One of their skills is the ability to recognize a criminal opportunity when it presents itself , possibly from a source of inside information . Probably the biggest difference between any heist you 'll see in a movie and its real-life equivalent is the motive . I 've never encountered any criminal who committed a high value crime just for the challenge or to prove that it could be done . The only reason has been for the money , often to support a certain lifestyle and to fund other criminal enterprises . Inside information is one way of identifying a criminal opportunity , using people who are able to provide that crucial detail or who will participate in some small way to facilitate the crime . The Brinks MAT robbery in 1983 -- a case which I was involved in at the time -- saw a criminal gang escape with gold bullion worth more than # 28 million  around # 88 million -- or $ 130million -- adjusting for inflation  from a warehouse at London 's Heathrow Airport . The Knightsbridge safety deposit robbery of 1987 saw a gang make off with tens of millions of pounds in cash and valuables from an upscale London neighbourhood  the true amount will never be known  . Both were made possible by inside information : it 's an angle that London detectives investigating last weekend 's heist will be looking at very closely . The planning behind the Hatton Garden raid will have been meticulous . The target will have been observed , perhaps for months , and the thieves will have decided on the right time to commit the crime . A long weekend or a public holiday are occasions when more time may be available , also perhaps when regular staff are away . Sometimes the mastermind behind the raid will need a larger team of criminals to do a specific job . Usually they will already be known directly to each other , perhaps because they worked on other jobs together . Possibly a specialist can be brought in by another team member -- but they have to be able to trust each other and trust comes from understanding , so gangs in the UK tend to come from the same social and ethnic group , maybe even limited to one relatively small geographic area . Even though there is more diversity in society , it would be unusual to find a broad ethnic or social mix in the team put together for a major crime . Vehicles will have been obtained , stolen or purchased for cash and their identities cloned or changed . Equipment will have been sourced . Everything will have been cleaned , cleaned and cleaned again to remove forensic traces . They will plan routes that avoid CCTV and timings that attract the least attention . They will have untraceable disposable phones and an outside team to warn the inside men of any problems . They will have planned their getaway , their clean-up and how and when they are going to dispose of anything that might link them to the crime scene -- and of course how they are going to sell on the proceeds of their crime . What criminals steal does n't vary that much . Cash is probably first choice , followed by anything that can quickly and easily be converted to cash , like gold , jewellery and watches . The conversion of stolen goods to cash is risky and expensive : the Brinks MAT bullion that was traced was because it had been clumsily smelted and then sold on . Fine paintings and rare antiques are less desirable for experienced criminals -- unless they are stealing to order -- because they are so identifiable and because the black market is so much smaller . A painting may sell at an international auction for millions of dollars but it will only fetch a fraction of its true value from a dishonest collector . London detectives investigating the Hatton Garden heist will be looking very closely at the possibility of inside involvement . But police enquiries wo n't stop there . They will look at every aspect of how the target business operates , then try to think like criminals to identify the weaknesses in physical and operational security that the gang may have been informed about or else spotted and then exploited . The forensic assault on the crime scene will be immense . In recent years forensic science has made major advances in identifying trace evidence and investigators will look for any scrap of evidence that might yield the DNA of a criminal . CCTV footage from street cameras and from inside private premises will be analyzed and vehicle movements logged and cross-checked . Rewards for information will be offered . Witnesses will interviewed . In the police 's criminal intelligence branch , the movements of known criminals will be analyzed and the networks of sources -- informers -- will be tasked to report what they hear . The details of any identifiable goods which have been stolen will be circulated to known markets , both in the UK and internationally . The detectives investigating these major crimes in the UK see them as an exciting challenge to their professionalism . They do n't admire the criminals but they have less contempt for a gang that builds a sophisticated plan and causes no personal harm to anyone than say for a violent robber . But the investigation will still be relentless .	Police in London are trying to catch the gang which staged a multi-million heist during the Easter vacation Former police commander : Such crimes require meticulous planning and use of information by criminals The masterminds behind such complicated crimes carefully assemble their gangs with men they can trust
The truck that rear-ended comedian Tracy Morgan 's limo was speeding 20 mph over the limit , and its driver was approaching federal limits on how long he could be behind the wheel , according to investigators . The National Transportation Safety Board released a preliminary report Thursday on the New Jersey Turnpike crash that badly injured Morgan and killed one of his friends , comedian James McNair , in the early morning hours of June 7 . Morgan , 45 , suffered broken ribs , a broken nose and a broken leg . His condition has been upgraded from critical to fair , his publicist Lewis Kay said this week . The condition of another limo passenger , Jeff Millea , has also improved to fair , Kay said . Hospitalized Tracy Morgan upgraded to fair condition A criminal complaint filed by police said driver Kevin Roper had been awake for more than 24 hours at the time of the crash . Roper , 35 , pleaded not guilty to charges that include vehicular homicide and assault by auto . He is free on $ 50,000 bond . The NTSB report said the 2011 Peterbilt truck owned and operated by Walmart was speeding at 65 mph for the 60 seconds before the crash . Roper allegedly ignored a sign a mile earlier warning that lanes were closed ahead for construction and another sign a half-mile later reducing the speed limit from 55 mph to 45 mph , the report said . The 2012 Mercedes-Benz Sprinter limo carrying Morgan and five other passengers had slowed down because of congestion caused by the center and right lanes being shut down to allow contractors to work on a large overhead sign nearly 3 miles down the road , the NTSB said . The truck struck the rear of Morgan 's limo , and the "  two vehicles moved forward and were involved in secondary impacts with other vehicles that were slowed in the traffic queue , " the report said . "  The limo van rolled over and came to rest on its left side , facing east , across the center and right lanes . " Roper , who lives in Georgia but was based in Delaware , reported for work at 11:22 a.m. on June 6 , according to the NTSB report . He made deliveries to Walmart stores in New Jersey , Delaware and Pennsylvania before the wreck 13 hours , 32 minutes later , it said . Federal rules limit interstate commercial drivers to 14-hour shifts before they must rest , the report said . His total driving time that day was 9 hours , 37 minutes , which is below the 11 hours allowed by federal limits , the report said . The NTSB , however , is also looking at how long Roper was awake and driving before he reported to work the day before the crash , officials told CNN on Thursday . He lives in Georgia and commutes to his job more than 700 miles away in Smyrna , Delaware , NTSB spokesman Keith Holloway said . Federal investigators based their preliminary findings largely on the small computer on board the truck that records speed , engine performance , brakes and other information , the report said . Walmart said last week that it believed Roper was operating within federal rest guidelines but said it would take full responsibility if the investigation shows its truck was to blame . "  The details are the subject of the ongoing investigation , and we are cooperating fully with the appropriate law enforcement agencies , " said Brooke Buchanan , a spokeswoman for the company . The NTSB also released new images of the truck and van based on 3-dimensional scans of them after the crash . Morgan was a regular on "  Saturday Night Live " for seven years and later received an Emmy nomination for his role in the comedy series "  30 Rock . " Funny man Tracy Morgan has known fame and foibles	Walmart driver had been working almost 14 hours , NTSB says Kevin Roper had driven 9 hours , 37 minutes before crashing into Morgan 's limo , report says Police say the driver had been awake for more than 24 hours at the time of the crash Tracy Morgan 's condition was upgraded from critical to fair this week
CNN  -- The death of Osama bin Laden does not necessarily mean the death of al Qaeda , the terrorist network he founded , though experts say none of his most likely successors offer the same combination of charisma , cash and credibility among militant Muslims . Bin Laden has long been a prime target for U.S. authorities , a member of the FBI 's Ten Most Wanted Fugitives list since 1999 who has had a $ 25 million bounty on his head since after the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks . Yet except for a few audiotapes on subjects ranging from climate change to France 's role in Afghanistan , he 's been relatively quiet in recent years . But that does not mean he 'll be easy to replace , nor that there is someone obvious to take his spot . A U.S. counterterrorism official said Monday there was "  no succession plan in place " that the U.S. government is aware of to replace bin Laden . Even if the Saudi-born zealot appeared to have had a less active role of late in al Qaeda 's operations , he remained the symbol of his movement -- one that tried to appeal to Muslims angry about allegedly corrupt and spiritually impure regimes in the Middle East and beyond , propped up by the United States and its allies . Death of bin Laden brings healing He was known throughout the world , and beloved in parts of the Arab world , as someone who 'd given up a life of luxury to fight the Soviets in Afghanistan before focusing his wrath on the West as he tried to build a radical Islamist society . "  They do n't have anybody now who is going to have the star power , the brand name of bin Laden , " said Philip Mudd , a former CIA officer . His most obvious replacement -- given that he 's developed a high profile as a jihadist leader in Egypt and is the face and voice in several videotapes since the 2001 attacks , some of them appearing by bin Laden 's side -- is Ayman al-Zawahiri . Born into a wealthy family in Cairo , he was a key figure in the Egyptian Islamic Jihad who went to Afghanistan during their fight against the Soviets to offer his skills as a physician . By the 1990s , he refocused his attention on undermining and attacking the Egyptian government and , eventually , the United States . In 1998 , when his organization had effectively merged with al Qaeda , he sent a fax to the Al-Hayat newspaper warning Americans . Three days later , suicide bombers hit the U.S. embassies in Kenya and Tanzania , killing 224 people . Since then , al-Zawahiri has been depicted as bin Laden 's closest adviser , as well as his doctor . But , the U.S. counterterrorism official said , he 's "  not popular with colleagues . " "  He 's viewed as a very polarizing figure , someone who is not easy to deal with , not a good manager , " said Mudd , a senior research fellow at the New America Foundation . Mixed emotions about bin Laden 's death : How should we feel ? Another possible contender is Anwar al-Alwaki . Born in 1971 in Las Cruces , New Mexico , he bounced between Yemen and the United States before settling in the Middle East . His face is known largely for his role as a spokesman for al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , which is considered one of the terror network 's most prolific and deadly affiliates . Al-Alwaki has been suspected of playing a key part in the failed Christmas Day plot , in 2009 by a Nigerian national to bring down a Northwest Airlines jet as it neared Detroit . He also has been suspected of encouraging U.S. Army Maj. Nidal Hasan to kill 13 fellow soldiers during a rampage at the Fort Hood base in Texas earlier that year . Yet Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst , said the fact that al-Alwaki has never engaged in combat himself may hurt him in any bid to climb up the al Qaeda leadership ladder . The latest details of bin Laden operation "  He 's a cleric , he 's a speaker , but he 's not a fighter , " said Cruickshank , an alumni fellow at New York University 's Center on Law and Security . "  And al Qaeda , over the years , have wanted to be led by a fighter . " Other less well-known contenders could emerge to head al Qaeda , or the Base as it 's known in Arabic . They include men like Abu Yahya al-Libi , a leading al Qaeda ideologue . Less than two months before bin Laden 's death , the Libyan native released an audiotape aimed at Islamists in that country and encouraging change that went beyond ousting leaders like Moammar Gadhafi . A former al Qaeda battlefield commander in Afghanistan perhaps best known for escaping from Bagram Air Base , al-Libi has been active in taped speeches urging resistance and trying to recruit new members . Then there 's Ilyas Kashmiri , a veteran militant from Pakistan who has emerged as a mastermind of international terrorism operations , according to Cruickshank . The 313 Brigade , which he leads , has focused on finding and training recruits from Europe and North America on the grounds that they are less likely to be apprehended . Bin Laden killing caps decade-long manhunt The succession challenge is compounded by the fact that , even before bin Laden 's death , many experts said al Qaeda appeared to be staggering due to operational and organizational setbacks caused by actions like Predator drone strikes and the intensified allied campaign in Afghanistan and beyond . Intelligence officials have warned that threats may spike in the coming weeks . But the U.S. counterterrorism official said President Barack Obama administration 's hope is that having a muddle of men posturing to be the next bin Laden could spur "  disharmony and discord " among al Qaeda 's ranks . Thus , while small bands of terrorists may continue to operate , the lack of one unifying leader threatens to undermine al Qaeda as an ideological , spiritual and operational force . "  It 's not good to have six people trying to fill  bin Laden 's  shoes , " said Mudd . CNN analyst Peter Bergen contributed to this report .	A U.S. official says they know of "  no succession plan " now that bin Laden is dead An expert says his deputy , Ayman al-Zawahiri , is "  not popular with colleagues " Another contender is U.S.-born Anwar al-Alwaki , who is now based in Yemen Other possibilities are Abu Yahya al-Libi , from Libya , and Ilyas Kashmiri of Pakistan
Once a year , if you drive just several hours north of Cape Town into South Africa 's arid Karoo semi-desert , you 'll come across a tented town in the middle of a vast expanse of nothing , like a surreal mirage . Here , huge sculptures punctuate the sky and the desert floor is dotted with art works , from multi-story creations to a field of tiny mushrooms that light up at night . Thousands of people , looking like extras from a hundred different movie sets , wear elaborate costumes and body paint and wander around , giving out hot dogs , popcorn , drinks , ice creams and yoga lessons . There 's a circus , a post office , a gingerbread house filled with sweets , a Swiss alpine chalet , a saloon straight out of the Wild West and nearly a hundred other themed camps including dance floors , bars and coffee stations . This is AfrikaBurn , Africa 's most unique , unusual , exhilarating and mind-blowing festival . Based on Burning Man , which draws 70,000 participants to Nevada 's Black Rock Desert each year , AfrikaBurn is not just a music or arts festival . The event , held at the end of April , is a chance to experience a different  albeit temporary  world where creativity , self-reliance , self-expression and communal effort are championed . Other than ice there 's nothing to buy , and each participant has to bring everything they need to survive , including shelter , water and food . Fiery spectacles It 's run on a gifting -- rather than bartering -- economy , where each person is supposed to contribute something as a gift , and all the entertainment  ranging from circus shows to DJ performances  and art is conceived of , created and produced by the participants themselves . Over the last three nights of the week-long event , the art works burn in mesmerizing fiery spectacles . When it 's all over , everything is packed up , leaving no trace that this parallel universe ever existed . AfrikaBurn has been running for nine years , increasing in size each year -- 9,000 people attended the 2014 event . Out of 130 regional events scattered across the globe affiliated with Burning Man , it 's the largest . Its worldwide fame is growing too -- each year more international participants travel to this remote corner of South Africa just to attend the festival , including Americans , many of whom declare that AfrikaBurn is how Burning Man was two decades ago , before it became so big . For many participants , attending AfrikaBurn is a life-changing experience -- it 's hard to come out of a week in the desert without looking at the world in a different way . One thing 's for sure : it 's definitely worth traveling to South Africa for . Here are 12 reasons why you should attend the next AfrikaBurn , which takes place in April 2015 . 1 . The art installations The creativity and effort that goes into the art works  95 of which were set up at the 2014 event  of AfrikaBurn , is simply astounding . Some , like "  Subterrafuge , " made up of six timber cones rising up as high as 100 feet -- a statement against fracking in the Karoo -- have a political stance . Others , such as "  Reflection " -- a giant wooden construction of a man 's torso , arms and face rising out of the ground , which became the backdrop of a laser and projection mapping show -- are just incredibly beautiful structures . Smaller art works are also created to inspire a childlike sense of delight -- think a telephone booth where you can "  call God " and a wigwam made of wigs . 2 . To participate AfrikaBurn is run on 11 guiding principles , which act like a manifesto and a kind of constitutional self-governing law . One of these principles is participation -- everyone who attends AfrikaBurn is expected to get involved in some way . Most people take part by dressing in elaborate costumes , others run a bar or a dance floor , others create art or help build something , and around 1,000 each year sign up as volunteers . By participating in AfrikaBurn , everyone becomes part of the event , and it 's a lot more fun than just being a spectator . 3 . The burnings For many , watching the spectacle of giant art works burning with a crowd of thousands gasping in awe in union is a major highlight of AfrikaBurn . There 's something inherently primal about being close to a huge blaze and something deeply profound in the fiery destruction of art that took months to create . The burnings are beautiful and spectacular , but on a deeper level they speak to ideas of transience and presence . 4 . To experience a gifting economy It 's extremely liberating to spend a week without taking out your wallet , but what 's even more amazing is experiencing the generosity of strangers at AfrikaBurn . The idea is that everyone gives out unconditional gifts -- it 's heartwarming to receive unexpected treats  especially things like handmade jewelry or uplifting messages baked into cookies  . Even more so to give out the gifts that you 've brought . 5 . To experience survival mode Those attending AfrikaBurn get a taste of what it 's like to survive in an inhospitable environment of heat , cold , wind and dust storms that leave a layer of sand over everything . They need to bring a tent , cook food over a gas stove  or eat crackers and tinned sardines  and ration water use . There are toilets but no showers and nowhere to buy water . Going into survival mode is part of the fun of AfrikaBurn -- and it also means that when participants get back into "  civilization " they 'll hopefully learn to look at the simplest things -- like running water out of a tap -- with new found appreciation . 6 . Theme camps Set around a big circle known as the Binnekring are over 100 theme camps -- public spaces that all offer something different and form the key components of the festival . There are massage parlors , chill spaces , photo booths , cocktail bars , a general store , post office and even a swimming pool . Each year they 're different , so you never know what to expect . 7 . Music At night , AfrikaBurn turns into one giant party , as music blasts from dozens of small , big and almost hidden dance floors . Expect to hear an eclectic range of genres -- everything from hip hop and blues to trance and deep house -- and catch some of South Africa 's best DJs playing sets . 8 . Mutant vehicles Most people bring bicycles to AfrikaBurn to get around -- the event is spread over a large area . But the best methods of transportation are the many mutant vehicles , or art cars , that traverse the desert town with no set route or direction . Visitors can jump onto the back of a big purple snail , a porcupine or a rhino , or sail across the horizon in a pirate ship . 9 . The location Not many tourists venture into the Northern Cape , South Africa 's largest and most sparsely populated province , but they 're missing out on the starkly beautiful desert landscapes of the Karoo . AfrikaBurn is set on a farm alongside the Tanka Karoo National Park -- an underrated reserve that 's well worth a visit on the way back to Cape Town . 10 . The sky With its huge horizons and cotton wool clouds , the Karoo has some of South Africa 's best sunsets -- each afternoon 's sky becomes a painting of pink , apricot and dusky purple , an exquisite backdrop of art works punctuating the sky . It looks more like a movie set on another planet than a festival . At night the sky explodes into a thick blanket of stars -- for those who can tear themselves away from the dance floors , there 's some epic stargazing to be had . AfrikaBurn essentials AfrikaBurn takes place on April 27 to May 3 , 2015 . Tickets are $ 95 . The first round of 9,800 tickets goes on sale December 19 , 2014 at 10:00 GMT  5 a.m. E.T.  , and the second round goes on sale on January 30 , 2015 at the same time . Cape Town is the closest city to AfrikaBurn , a four-hour drive away on a highway and then a rough dirt road  driving a 4x4 is recommended  . Participants will need to bring all their own supplies to the event . AfrikaBurn 's Survival Guide at afrikaburn.com details what to bring and how to prepare .	AfrikaBurn takes place every April in the semi-desert Karoo north of Cape Town , South Africa The week-long event is Africa 's most successful answer to the U.S. Burning Man festival The event culminates in fiery spectacles as giant sculptures built for the event are torched
It 's been a rough week for Alec Baldwin . Not only did he give very emotional testimony against an accused stalker , but he also raised the ire of GLAAD after using an anti-gay slur he did n't realize was one . According to TMZ , the "  30 Rock " star chased after a photographer outside his Manhattan apartment on Thursday and called the man a "  c ** ksucking f * g. " "  Get away from my wife and the baby with the camera , " Baldwin can be heard yelling on video taken of the incident . "  What f *** ing language you want that in ? " On Friday Baldwin posted a statement on MSNBC 's website saying , "  I did not intend to hurt or offend anyone with my choice of words , but clearly I have -- and for that I am deeply sorry . Words are important . I understand that , and will choose mine with great care going forward . " The incident occurred hours after Canadian actress Genevieve Sabourin was found guilty of stalking and harassing Baldwin . "  What I said and did this week , as I was trying to protect my family , was offensive and unacceptable . Behavior like this undermines hard-fought rights that I vigorously support . " The statement came after MSNBC announced a two-week suspension for Baldwin 's Friday evening show "  Up Late With Alec Baldwin . " "  I understand ` Up Late ' will be taken off the schedule for tonight and next week . I want to apologize to my loyal fans and to my colleagues at MSNBC -- both for my actions and for distracting from their good work . Again , please accept my apology , " wrote Baldwin . Following reports of the incident , the activist organization GLAAD expressed its disappointment on Twitter . "  Mr. Baldwin ca n't lend his support for equality on paper , while degrading gay people in practice , " GLADD tweeted . The organization later added via Twitter , "  It 's clearly time Mr. Baldwin listens to the calls from so many LGBT people and allies to end this pattern of anti-gay slurs . " Baldwin responded with his own series of tweets . "  Anti-gay slurs are wrong , " he said . "  They not only offend , but threaten hard fought tolerance of LGBT rights . I 'm grateful to all of the ppl I meet + hear from who recognize that I would never say something to offend my friends in the gay community . " He also said "  1-Rich Ferraro from @glaad informs me that c ` sucker is an anti-gay epithet . In which case I apologize and will retire it from my vocabulary . " On Friday TMZ featured video of Baldwin asking his male hairdresser if he thought he was a homophobe , to which the stylist jokingly responded , "  Yes . Big time . " This is not the first time Baldwin has had a run-in with paparazzi . In August , Baldwin was photographed holding a paparazzi 's arms behind his back and pinning him over the hood of a parked car . Both Baldwin and the photographer called 911 but no charges were filed . In 2012 , a New York Daily News photographer accused Baldwin of assault . Baldwin said the photographer bumped him with his camera .	Alec Baldwin yelled a slur at a photographer GLAAD tweeted about it Baldwin tweeted that he will "  retire " the word from his vocabulary
The death of 17-year-old Kendrick Johnson was awful enough for his parents . Then came the doubts about investigators ' conclusion that it was an accident . But the discovery that their son 's body and skull had been stuffed with newspaper before burial added a horrific new dimension to their anguish and further fueled their skepticism of the official findings . "  We have been let down again , " his father , Kenneth Johnson , told CNN . "  When we buried Kendrick , we thought we were burying Kendrick , not half of Kendrick . " Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a gym at Lowndes County High School in January . State medical examiners concluded that the three-sport athlete suffocated after getting stuck in a rolled-up gym mat while reaching for a sneaker . Death was not accidental , family 's autopsy finds His parents , Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson , never have bought that explanation . They won a court order to have their son 's body exhumed and a second autopsy performed in June . During an autopsy , internal organs are removed and examined before being returned for burial . But when Dr. Bill Anderson , the private pathologist who conducted the second autopsy , opened up the teen 's remains , the brain , heart , lungs , liver and other viscera were missing . Every organ from the pelvis to the skull was gone . "  I 'm not sure at this point who did not return the organs to the body , " Anderson said . "  But I know when we got the body , the organs were not there . " Two entities had custody of Kendrick Johnson 's body after his death -- the Georgia Bureau of Investigation , which conducted the first autopsy in January ; and the Harrington Funeral Home in Valdosta , which handled the teen 's embalming and burial . GBI spokeswoman Sherry Lang told CNN that after the autopsy , "  the organs were placed in Johnson 's body , the body was closed , then the body was released to the funeral home . " That 's normal practice , Lang said . The funeral home would not comment to CNN . But in a letter to the Johnsons ' attorney , funeral home owner Antonio Harrington said his firm never received the teen 's organs . Harrington wrote that the organs "  were destroyed through natural process " due to the position of Kendrick Johnson 's body when he died , and "  discarded by the prosector before the body was sent back to Valdosta . " A prosector dissects the body for pathological examination . Scene points to foul play Stuffing a body with old newsprint and department-store circulars -- "  like he was a garbage can , " as Jacquelyn Johnson put it -- is n't exactly standard practice in forensic pathology or the mortician 's trade . Vernie Fountain , the founder of a Missouri embalming school , called it "  not consistent with the standards of care " in the industry . And Dr. Gregory Schmunk , the president of the National Association of Medical Examiners , told CNN , "  I have never heard of this practice . " Organs are typically placed in plastic bag , which is then put back into the body cavity after an autopsy , Schmunk told CNN in an e-mail . While individual organs may be kept back for further testing , he wrote , "  This would not amount to all of the organs in any circumstance that I can imagine . " Funeral homes are licensed by the Georgia Secretary of State 's office , which has opened an investigation into how Johnson 's body was treated , said Jared Thomas , a spokesman for the agency . Anderson , who was hired by the Johnson family for a second autopsy , found Kendrick Johnson had sustained a blow to the right side of his neck that was "  consistent with inflicted injury . " Challenging the state autopsy 's finding of positional asphyxiation , he concluded the teen died as the result of "  unexplained , apparent non-accidental , blunt force trauma . " And death scene imagery obtained exclusively by CNN has led a former FBI agent to question how Johnson died : "  I think this young man met with foul play , " said Harold Copus , now an Atlanta private investigator . Lowndes County Sheriff Chris Prine refused to discuss the matter with CNN , calling Johnson 's death a closed case . The U.S. Justice Department announced in September that it would n't open a civil rights investigation into the case . But federal prosecutors in south Georgia have met with the family 's representatives and are weighing whether to open their own probe , said Michael Moore , the U.S. attorney whose district includes Valdosta . "  This is about getting to the facts and the truth , and we want the Johnson family and the community of Valdosta to have confidence in the process , " Moore said . "  I am cognizant of time , and we continue to move the process along . " Moore urged anyone with information about Johnson 's death to contact his office . Johnson 's parents have come to believe their son 's death was no accident , and the macabre discovery about their son 's body has only deepened that belief . "  It 's unbearable , just about , " Jacquelyn Johnson said . "  The only thing that wakes you up in the morning is to just keep pushing . "	Autopsy shock : Teen 's organs removed , cavity filled with newspaper "  We thought we were burying Kendrick , not half of Kendrick , " father says Kendrick Johnson was found dead in a rolled-up gym mat in January His death was ruled accidental ; a private autopsy challenged that finding
Americans are told we need to have a national conversation in which we talk about race . And yet , when we have horrific crimes with white victims where the alleged perpetrators are African-American or Latino , we 're told that we ca n't talk about race . This is n't true when the roles are reversed . If the victims are African-American or Latino , and the alleged perpetrator is white , we talk about race until our throats go dry . Confused ? Join the club . If Americans do n't understand it , how are we to explain any of this to the grieving family of Christopher Lane , a 22-year-old college baseball player from Melborne , Australia , who was recently gunned down while jogging in a neighborhood a world away -- Duncan , Oklahoma ? According to police , the evidence suggests that the shooting was not premeditated and random . It could have been part of a gang initiation , according to a theory floated by the father of a boy who the three teenagers allegedly tried to recruit . But here 's the headline : Prosecutors say that the killing was not about race , despite the fact that one alleged assailant left a long cyber trail on social media where he talked about hating "  woods "  derogatory slang for white people  and glorified guns and violence . "  At this point , the evidence does not support the theory that Christopher Lane was targeted based upon his race or nationality , " said District Attorney Jason Hicks . Eric Deggans : When racial clichés drive murder stories As ghoulish as it sounds , it may be that the three teenagers responsible for the shooting -- 15-year-old James Edwards and 16-year-old Chancey Luna , who have been charged with first-degree murder , and 17-year-old Michael Long , who has been charged with being an accessory after the fact to murder for driving the car -- were simply bored and decided to kill someone . Unfortunately for Lane , who was visiting his girlfriend and her family , he was that someone . This could have been the media 's narrative of the Oklahoma slaying , just another senseless act by messed-up teenagers who were raised on video games and think life resets when you press a button or drop in another quarter . That is , except for two things : The victim and the alleged perpetrators are of different races .  Lane is white , and Edwards and Luna -- the alleged shooters -- are African-American . Long , the alleged accomplice , is white .  And , as Americans , we are still living through the aftershocks of the not guilty verdict in the trial of George Zimmerman for shooting and killing Trayvon Martin in Sanford , Florida . Some Americans are still smarting over the fact that the Zimmerman verdict , and the shooting itself , were spun by grievance merchants and other social activists to be all about race . Now they want to know why there is n't a similar response over the killing in Oklahoma . In both cases , the central question is the same : Was the deceased targeted because of his race ? In both cases , we still do n't know the answer . Meanwhile , where is President Obama 's awkward statement that , if he had a friend from Australia , he might look like Chris Lane ? LZ Granderson : Negligent parents , lawbreaking kids Some will say that the reason there has been no outcry from the activists is because authorities in Oklahoma insist that this case is n't about race . So what ? The authorities in Florida also told us that what happened there was n't about race . A lot of good that did . Some of the same folks who discounted the official explanation back then want us to accept it now . It does n't work that way . I think it 's time for that national conversation . There 's nothing wrong with talking about race . Especially at a time in U.S. history when the concept is so complicated and confusing . The nation 's 52 million Latinos are n't a race , but many of them -- especially in the Southwest -- are experiencing something that looks and smells a lot like racism . Obama is half-black and half-white , and yet he 's referred to as the first black president not the 44th white one . Zimmerman , who is half-Peruvian and half-white , appears to have lived his life as a Hispanic until he shot an unarmed African-American teenager and the media decided it was necessary to label him a "  white Hispanic . " And , in an increasingly multicultural America , the census form looks like a relic from a simpler time where most Americans fit neatly into racial categories . What is the media supposed to do about all this ? There 's a debate over when to mention race and when to leave it out . The longstanding rule in journalism is that we should n't mention the race of someone accused of committing a crime unless it is relevant to the story . That rule seems half-baked . Why would n't a suspect 's race be "  relevant " -- especially when that suspect is still at large and the police need the public 's help in locating him ? It 's a human characteristic . Would we leave out of a story any mention of one 's gender or age , so we 're not accused of sexism or ageism ? Self-censorship is n't the answer . When a horrendous crime like this happens , we need more information not less . Besides , once we sanitize the news , or manipulate it to serve an agenda , it 's no longer news . It 's public relations . Or worse . Think of it as nanny journalism . Too many people in my profession have strayed from the mission of reporting what happened -- or in my field of opinion writing , telling you what we think about what happened -- to massaging what happened in order to advance some greater societal good . And when journalists -- either on our own , or at the direction of the people we work for -- impersonate social workers , we ask for trouble . We also surrender our credibility . And once that 's gone , why should anyone listen to anything we say ever again ?	Ruben Navarrette : A debate broke out over race and Oklahoma killing He says people raised race in the wake of the national debate over Zimmerman case In both cases , it 's unknown if the victims were targeted because of race , he says Navarrette : The media needs to avoid tailoring its reporting to political or social goals
CNN  -- There 's no need to tell football fans in Seattle to take it up a notch . They 're doing just fine , thank you . After setting a Guinness World Record for noise at an outdoor stadium in September , CenturyLink Field went seismic during Monday Night Football , registering as an earthquake at a recording station about a block from the stadium . How big , you ask ? In the magnitude 1-to-2 range , according to John Vidale , a professor at the University of Washington and the director of the Pacific Northwest Seismic Network . Vidale said his staff recorded five separate seismic events during Seattle 's 34-7 pasting of New Orleans -- a match-up of two of the NFL 's top teams . The most intense episode came late in the first quarter , when Seahawks defensive lineman Michael Bennett returned a Saints fumble 22 yards for a touchdown . Seattle fans did this once before . In 2011 , a Marshawn Lynch touchdown shook the earthquake recording station too . And in 1988 , college fans at Louisiana State University rocked the bayou in a come-from-behind victory over 4th-ranked Auburn , registering on the campus seismograph .	Fans rock the stadium and show up on an earthquake recording system The Seattle-New Orleans game produced five seismic events A college in Louisiana also appeared as an earthquake in 1988 The Seahawks beat the Saints , 34-7
CNN  I 've been a chef in some form or another since I was 14 years old , but I did n't become a food activist until much later . It was 2007 , and a young girl my wife mentored was found rooting through the trash just to find something to eat . That inspired me to found Food Policy Action and become politically active in a range of food issues , from hunger to factory farms . Of course , I have n't been alone in this work . One of the biggest catalysts has been "  The Meatrix , " a 2003 animation parody based on "  The Matrix " and produced by the GRACE Communications Foundation , which crystallized the public health risks and environmental harms of factory farming . Recently , "  The Meatrix : Relaunched " came out . Much more than a comical redux , it 's an important benchmark in the evolution of the sustainable food movement and compels us to look back at how far we 've come over the last decade -- and how far we still have to go . A decade ago , concepts like "  sustainable farming , " "  animal welfare " and "  organic food " were considered fringe . While some consumers were beginning to take interest in where their meat and produce came from , public knowledge of sustainable food was limited . The standard gut-wrenching images of animal cruelty and sickly calves were ineffectual and mostly turned people off instead of urging them to make better food choices . Meanwhile , factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting air and water resources , and damaging the public 's health . To be sure , America 's food system is complex , and some may argue that industrial farming has been a necessity to meet our country 's food needs . However , the quality of our food has been sacrificed at this supposed altar of necessity , as industrial farms reap enormous profits that they direct toward lobbying rather than improving the quality of food they produce . In 2014 alone , the biggest meatpackers and their trade groups spent a combined $ 4.3 million on lobbyists . And it has paid off for them : Factory farms often avoid penalties for the damage they cause to the environment and public health ; and they receive ridiculous subsidies from the U.S. government that totaled $ 58.7 million in 2012 , according to the Environmental Working Group . These factors drive down the cost of industrially sourced meat at a rate that smaller farms ca n't keep up with . And since the actual costs of industrially raised meat are hidden , humanely raised meat appears expensive by comparison . That 's neither fair nor safe . We all deserve to know where the food we eat comes from and that it is wholesome , and we need our elected officials to take a stand against big agri-businesses to quit letting them profit off of meat and produce that jeopardize the health of the environment and the public . It 's time that consumer demand for sustainable and humane food trumps the power that industrial farms hold over our elected officials . The original "  Meatrix " cartoon used pop culture references and family-friendly cartoons to educate consumers about the dangers of factory farming , compel them to make better food choices and spark a wave of online advocacy for better government oversight of big agriculture and meat companies . As a result , it became one of the first viral videos ever to effectively expose consumers to the realities happening behind the doors of industrial farms and the damage these facilities were doing to the environment , our public health and surrounding communities . The rise in consumer knowledge has led to an increased demand for sustainably sourced food that is healthier and tastes better . GRACE has relaunched the Eat Well Guide , an online directory of 25,000 sustainable farms , restaurants , food co-ops and farmers ' markets that allows consumers to make better choices about the food they eat and provide for their families . And we at Food Policy Action have produced a legislative scorecard . We need to ask members of Congress to promote sustainable farming , not factory farms . We need them to support sensible food policies that ensure that everyone has access to food and water . Congress should vote against the DARK Act , which would block any federal or state action that required labels for foods made with genetically engineered ingredients even at the expense of the environment , public health and local economies . As more consumers are educated , they have the power to take action and call on elected officials to support sustainable farmers , not factory farms . Together , we can create a sustainable food system in America that is better for our environment and our health .	Tom Colicchio : "  The Meatrix : Relaunched " is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement But factory farms continued to reap large profits while producing subpar meat , polluting nature and damaging our health Colicchio : We need to ask members of Congress to promote sustainable farming
The rate of U.S. violent crime went up last year for the first time in nearly two decades due to a jump in assaults , the Justice Department said on Wednesday . Data collected by the Bureau of Justice Statistics in telephone surveys showed a 22 percent increase in assaults , pushing up the overall rate for violent crime for the first time since 1993 . Crime rates have been declining steadily over the period and last year 's increase compares with a record low figure for 2010 . Statistics showed that the rate of assault victims increased from 19.3 per 1,000 persons to 22.5 per 1,000 last year . The statistics include 3.9 million simple assaults defined as crimes involving a threat but no weapon that resulted in relatively minor injuries . A second category described as serious violent crime include rape or sexual assault , robbery , and aggravated assault . An estimated 1.8 million such incidents occurred last year , but the increase from the previous year was calculated to be statistically insignificant . The results determined that the number of victims of the more serious crime category increased among whites and Hispanics , but not blacks , and among young men , but not among young women . The survey includes unreported crimes as well as those that were reported . Many citizens admit they did n't tell police about incidents in which they were victims . Roughly half of violent crime is unreported , according to the survey . The most closely watched annual crime statistics are scheduled for release on Oct. 29 . The FBI 's Uniform Crime Report is the most closely watched report of its kind and tabulates all reported crime nationally annually . Experts say they anticipate it will show a continued decline in overall crime . A preliminary report covering the first half of 2011 indicated total violent crime fell about 4 percent .	Assaults drive first increase in U.S. violent crime rate since 1993 Data collected in phone surveys , according to Justice Department figures Crime rates had been dropping steadily for nearly two decades Latest increase up slightly over record low of 2010
CNN  -- C is for "  Cookie , " or is it "  Cash " ? A man dressed as the TV character Cookie Monster allegedly shoved a 2-year-old after the child 's parents refused the man 's demand for $ 2 for posing for a photo , New York police say . The child was not physically injured during the incident , according to police . Detective Kelly Ort told CNN that 33-year-old Osvaldo Quiroz-Lopez of Queens was arrested and charged with reckless endangerment and acting in a manner injurious to a minor after the incident Sunday in Times Square . Quiroz-Lopez was dressed as the Cookie Monster character to make money by posing for photos with passersby , according to police , who added that there was no connection between the man and the TV series "  Sesame Street , " which counts Cookie Monster among its characters . Quiroz-Lopez was arraigned in Manhattan Criminal Court on Monday and held with bail set at $ 1,000 cash , according to the Manhattan district attorney 's office . His next court date is scheduled for May 1 . Attempts to reach Lopez and his attorney , Beth Unger from the Legal Aid Society , were unsuccessful . Cursing Elmo rants at kids	The man was impersonating Cookie Monster to hustle money posing for photos , police say When a toddler 's parents refused to pay $ 2 , this Cookie Monster apparently got mad The child was shoved , and the costumed character was arrested
LA PAZ , Bolivia  CNN  -- A 3-year-old Bolivian girl whose parents thought was dead and were preparing to bury remained in a coma but was improving Friday , while her mother and stepfather were being held on abuse charges , a hospital official said . The girl is suffering from a head injury , contusions throughout her body and burns on her face , said Jose Carlos Camacho , director of Hospital Universitario Japones in Santa Cruz . "  She is improving , " Camacho told CNN on Friday . "  Yesterday she was able to take liquids orally . She is waking up but remains critical . " The girl 's parents thought she was dead and held a six-hour wake Monday when a neighbor noticed she showed signs of life and took her to a medical center , the Santa Cruz , Bolivia , newspaper El Deber said on its Web site . The girl 's stepfather , Gumercindo Ali Mamani , 20 , and mother , Lucia Chana , 22 , appeared in court Tuesday and were ordered held on abuse charges , the newspaper said . Their 3-month-old son was placed in protective custody . The severity of the girl 's coma is rated about 14 or 15 on a 15-point scale , in which 15 is the best , Camacho said . A patient is usually placed on life-support machinery at 8 on the scale , said Camacho , who is also a surgeon . The girl suffered a subdural hematoma , a traumatic injury in which blood pools between two protective layers of the brain , but did not require surgery , Camacho said . A subdural hematoma can result from a blow to the head or from shaking . Doctors expect the girl to remain in intensive care for about another week before she can be moved to intermediate care . According to El Deber , the stepfather asked for forgiveness but the mother only said that the girl was often restless . CNN 's Arthur Brice contributed to this report .	Bolivian parents were preparing to bury their 3-year - old girl Neighbor noticed signs of life , takes girl to medical center Mother and stepfather arrested , are being held on abuse charges Girl in coma , with head injury , contusions over her body and facial burns
Berlin  CNN  -- An opossum that gained worldwide fame for its comedic cross-eyed looks has been put to sleep after its health deteriorated , Leipzig Zoo said Wednesday . The female opossum , called Heidi , became a German media sensation after her picture was published in late 2010 and had more than 330,000 fans on Facebook . According to the zoo 's website , she and a sister were probably born in May 2008 . The pair were found as orphans and raised in a wild animal sanctuary in North Carolina before moving to a zoo in Denmark and eventually arriving in Leipzig in May last year . Leipzig Zoo released a statement saying : "  Heidi , our cross-eyed opossum , has closed her eyes forever today . She passed away having shown typical symptoms of her old age and having severely suffered from arthrosis . "  This illness has made it painful for her to move over the last couple of weeks and Heidi was treated with vitamins and other medicine . Following a short-lived improvement of her condition , her general state of health deteriorated over the last days despite continuous efforts by the veterinarians . " Heidi had to be put to sleep avoid her suffering pain , in accordance with animal welfare guidelines , the zoo said . Arthrosis is a degenerative joint disease . The cause of Heidi 's profoundly crossed eyes remains a mystery , although the zoo 's website suggests the way she was fed when she was hand-reared in the United States may have played a role -- as well as the fact she was overweight , which led to "  fatty deposits behind the eyes which are pressing the eyeballs slightly out of the eye sockets . " Her sister , named Naira , is also cross-eyed but the zoo 's third opossum , a male called Teddy , lacks their distinctive looks . Opossums , a type of marsupial found in North and South America , have a maximum life expectancy of four to five years , the zoo 's website says . CNN 's Brian Walker and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	Heidi became a German media sensation after moving to Leipzig Zoo last year She was raised in a North Carolina animal sanctuary after being found orphaned Her health worsened in recent weeks , the zoo says ; she was put to sleep to avoid suffering
CNN  -- Britain 's Lewis Hamilton led a Mercedes one-two at the Chinese Grand Prix Sunday as his teammate Nico Rosberg clung on to his lead in the F1 world championship title race . It was the third straight victory for Hamilton after his retirement in the opening round in Australia and he led for every one of the 56 laps in Shanghai after starting from pole position . By contrast , Rosberg had to battle through the field after a wretched start and only overhauled Fernando Alonso in his Ferrari after the final round of pit stops . Read more : CNN 's essential guide to F1 in 2014 Rosberg , who won in Australia , has a four-point lead over Hamilton after four rounds of the 2014 season , which is being dominated by their all-conquering Mercedes team . Alonso 's third was a rare bright spot in a difficult season for Ferrari , whose team boss Stefano Domenicali quit earlier this week , but it was a frustrating afternoon for Red Bull and defending four-time champion Sebastian Vettel . The German had to give best to his rookie teammate Daniel Ricciardo in the battle for a distant fourth after initially running in second following a fine start . Vettel also appeared to disregard team orders after being told to let Australia 's Ricciardo past . "  Tough luck " came the reply over race radio , but he did move over shortly afterwards . Read more : Hamilton wins duel with Rosberg in Bahrain Hamilton was involved in an epic battle with Rosberg in Bahrain , but spent much of the latest race in splendid isolation , finishing over 18 seconds clear as he took the checkered flag . "  It 's incredible , I just ca n't believe how amazing this car is , " the 2008 world champion said in his post-race podium interview . "  I was just really racing myself , " he added . Two-time champion Alonso was delighted to have edged ahead of the two Red Bulls after the ructions within his team which have seen Domenicali replaced by Marco Mattiacci . "  It was a good weekend , we improved the car and were more competitive , " he said . "  We 've not had the start to the season we would have liked , but we are still in the fight , " added the Spaniard . Nico Hulkenberg was sixth for Force India , just holding off Finn Valtteri Bottas in his Williams . Bottas and Rosberg made heavy contact on the first corner but both were able to continue unhindered . "  There were cars all over the place and it was great my car held on , " a relieved Rosberg said . Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , Sergio Perez in the second Force India and youngster Daniil Kvyat in a Toro Rosso completed the points scoring positions . Read more : Why ca n't women win in F1 ? Hamilton was completing his 25th career win and it was the first time he has achieved a run of three successive victories , underlining his challenge for a coveted second world crown . With four races out of 19 gone , Mercedes already have established a massive lead in the constructors ' standings with 154 points , 97 more than second-placed Red Bull , who disappointed in the race proper Sunday after promising performances in practice and qualifying . They will hope to have closed the gap in technical prowess by the time of the fifth round of the season in Barcelona from May 9-11 , a circuit which has favored Red Bull in the past .	Lewis Hamilton wins Chinese Grand Prix in Shanghai Third straight F1 win for Hamilton Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg finishes second Fernando Alonso claims the final podium spot in third
CNN  -- Four years since a 9.0-magnitude earthquake spawned massive walls of water that swept across the Indian Ocean , leaving more than 230,000 dead according to a United Nations estimate , improvements can be seen in many of the devastated areas , humanitarian groups said . Laborers work on a construction site in a fishing village in Indonesia 's Aceh on December 21 . Hundreds of thousands were left homeless and jobless after the tsunami , and poor and isolated communities were left even worse off . Today , new schools have been constructed , and armies of workers -- many of them volunteers -- have cleared and rebuilt homes and towns , and helped get people back to work . "  The tsunami , despite being a horrific event , also provided a lot of opportunities for those countries , " said Jonathan Cauldwell , chief of UNICEF 's Tsunami Transition Support . "  It brought a peace dividend within Banda Aceh  Indonesia  where you still see peace in an area which had long term localized conflict in place . It allowed those areas to be built up as well , to have investments in the infrastructure in the social sectors ... , " he added . Agencies such as UNICEF said that while the immediate emergency was over , they remain committed to improving the lives of millions of children across the region . "  The lessons of the tsunami will never end . The funding will end , we can complete the construction , we can complete the project , but the intervention never ends ... , " Cauldwell said . Oxfam International , which said it will close its response to the tsunami at the end of December , said it has provided housing to tsunami survivors in Aceh , helped restore the livelihoods of people in India and Sri Lanka , and funded the reconstruction of eight tsunami-affected secondary schools . "  The money we received allowed us not only to help meet the immediate emergency needs of tsunami-affected populations , but also to try to address the factors that made them vulnerable : not least poverty and a lack of influence over their own lives , " Barbara Stocking , chair of the Oxfam International Tsunami Fund Board , said in a statement . "  What has been achieved is astounding . Hundreds of thousands of people are now living in better conditions than they were in before the tsunami ... , " she added . UNICEF said the basic needs of children affected by the tsunami have been met -- more children are going to school as a result of improved facilities , and better nutrition , post-natal care and other life-saving interventions are helping those countries worst hit transition to developing regular services and programs . But long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical , the agency said , and so is building new schools that are better able to withstand earthquakes . According to UNICEF and Oxfam , the response to the tsunami and the lessons learned have changed the way they deal with such emergencies . It highlighted the need for better coordination among partners and other organizations , and contributed to reforms in the way humanitarian relief is delivered .	The devastation of the 2004 tsunami stretched across the Indian Ocean Hundreds of thousands left homeless , and poor and isolated communities worse off Humanitarian groups have helped rebuild schools , homes , and get people working Groups say long-term improvement of water and sanitation is critical
CNN  -- When then Sen. Obama was running for president , many of his critics accused him of being a Muslim -- as if being a Muslim in a country that prides itself for its freedom of religion is a bad thing . In fact a Pew Research Center poll taken October 2008 found 16 % of voters who identified as conservative Republicans thought he was , despite numerous photos of him and his family attending a traditional Christian church . Despite Obama saying he was a Christian . In July 2012 , that number increased to 30 % despite more photos of him attending a Christian church . Despite Obama repeating he is a Christian . In 2008 , his critics accused him of not being born in the U.S. -- despite the Republican governor of Hawaii verifying that he was and birth announcements from 1961 in the state 's two primary newspapers So in 2011 , to appease these critics , Obama released the long form of his birth certificate . And in 2013 a poll taken by Fairleigh Dickinson University found that 64 % of Republicans believe Obama "  is hiding important information about his background and early life , which would include what 's often referred to ` birtherism . ' " Or as I like to call it -- craziness . Which brings us all to Skeet-gate . Opinion : More gun mayhem , and yet we wait for action In yet another attempt to appease irrational critics , the White House released a photo of the president shooting a gun to prove he is not an enemy of the Second Amendment and that he has in fact shot a gun before  as if that 's required to not want criminals or the mentally ill to have access to semi-automatic weapons . And surprise , surprise skeptics are not satisfied , saying the picture is fake and his affinity for shooting phony , even though there 's evidence of President Obama talking about practicing shooting a rifle with members of the Secret Service way back in 2010 . "  One picture does not erase a lifetime of supporting every gun ban and every gun-control scheme imaginable , " said Andrew Arulanandam , spokesman for the National Rifle Association . Well Arulanadam should tell Michael Bloomberg about all of Obama 's gun-control support because it seems each time there 's been a mass shooting the outspoken mayor of New York tears into the president . "  The president has spent the last three years trying to avoid the issue , or if he 's facing it , I do n't know of anybody who has seen him face it , " Bloomberg said on CBS 's "  Face the Nation " days after the Aurora shooting . Bloomberg was right of course . As a candidate in 2008 , Obama talked about reinstating the federal ban on assault weapons , but he had n't aggressively addressed guns from a policy perspective until December 's Newtown tragedy . In fact , in a blatant display of hypocrisy , while the NRA demonized Obama for something he did n't do , they endorsed Mitt Romney , who actually did sign a law banning assault weapons while governor of Massachusetts . But those are all just facts . And when you 're dealing with crazy people , it does n't really matter how many facts you present , because -- well -- they 're crazy and they 're just going to believe what they 're going to believe . Ted Nugent sings praises of gun ownership I thought the president learned this lesson after the whole Muslim/birther slander hurled his way in his first term . But , barely a couple of weeks into his second term , here Obama is once again releasing photos in an effort to silence irrational critics who pay no attention to the facts . Some of his critics are justified in their challenges to his policies because the facts do n't support some of his administration 's claims . Some critics are concerned about the direction of the economy and legitimately think he is doing a sub-par job . But there are some who just want to watch his world burn and they do n't give a damn what else or who else burns with him . And it does n't matter how many documents the White House releases , Obama simply will not win those people over . "  A lot of people want to see his college transcripts , " Donald Trump said in an interview with CNBC last year . "  They 're not looking at his marks , his grades . ... They want to see , what does he say about place of birth . Now , those transcripts have disappeared , nobody seems to be able to get them . " After college transcripts it will be his marriage license . Then fingerprints . Then toe nail clippings . This constant push to prove "  he 's not one of us " is not going to go away . So the next time the NRA or Trump or whoever else feels the need to question Obama 's cred , instead of posting pictures of him shooting a gun or going to church or what have you , he should post a graphic showing he 's the first president since Eisenhower to capture at least 51 % of the popular vote twice . Obama still backs new gun ban ; top senator less certain That mandate from the American people is really all the cred he needs . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Obama has been challenged on his religion and place of birth He says in both cases Obama took pains to demonstrate the truth about his background Now White House has released a photo of president skeet shooting to back up his statements LZ : Trying to appease critics who ignore the facts will never work
Paris  CNN  -- The former chief of the International Monetary Fund who resigned after being charged two years ago with sexually assaulting a maid in a New York city hotel has lashed out at his treatment by police -- particularly his forced participation in "  the perp walk . " "  I think it 's a terrible thing , frankly , " Dominique Strauss-Kahn told CNN 's Richard Quest in his first English - language television interview since he resigned as head of the IMF in 2011 . "  The problem is , it 's a moment where in all European , American society you 're supposed to be innocent , you 're supposed to be innocent until you 're convicted . " The economist had been widely expected to become France 's Socialist presidential candidate -- until his professional career imploded with his May 2011 arrest . Dominique Strauss-Kahn : Fast Facts A New York hotel housekeeper , Nafissatou Diallo , told police that Strauss-Kahn emerged naked from a room in his luxury hotel suite as she was cleaning it and tried to force himself on her , dragging her into the bathroom and trying to remove her underwear . Strauss-Kahn 's arraignment was televised and clips played on U.S. and international networks . "  Perp walks , " in which defendants -- accompanied by police -- walk in front of photographers handcuffed , are standard fare in America . Underscoring the cultural differences between France and the United States , many French recoiled from images of Strauss-Kahn being paraded before the news media in handcuffs and in court -- photographs that would be prohibited under French law to protect the presumption of innocence . "  The perp walk takes place at the moment where you  are  supposed to be innocent , " said Strauss-Kahn , who calls himself DSK . "  You 're just shown to everybody as if you were a criminal , at a moment where nobody knows if it 's true or not -- maybe you 're a criminal , maybe you 're not . That 's going to be proved later on , and so it is just unfair to put people in that way in front of the rest of the world when you just do n't know what they have done . " Strauss-Kahn said he was angry at his treatment because he did not understand why he had been placed in custody . "  I was just understanding that something was going on that I did n't control , " he said . Despite his insistence that the encounter was consensual , Strauss-Kahn stepped down from his $ 500,000 job at the IMF . Forensic evidence showed that a sexual encounter had occurred and a grand jury indicted him on seven counts , including sexual abuse and attempted rape , but prosecutors dropped the charges after concluding Diallo had lied about some details of the alleged attack . Diallo then sued Strauss-Kahn in civil court . The two sides settled late last year , though the details have not been disclosed . Strauss-Kahn : A reputation battered by sex allegations Last October , a French prosecutor dropped an investigation connecting Strauss-Kahn to a possible gang rape in Washington . The Belgian woman whose testimony was the basis for the inquiry withdrew a previous statement and said she would not press charges , leaving the investigation with no grounds to continue , officials said . Strauss-Kahn also faced allegations of attempted rape in 2003 against a French writer , Tristane Banon . But prosecutors said the statute of limitations had passed and the case could not be pursued . The former IMF chief denied the allegations and has since filed a countersuit in France , alleging slander .	"  I think it 's a terrible thing , frankly , " the former IMF chief tells CNN "  Perp walks " are standard fare in the United States They are not allowed in France
