CNN  -- Every two seconds , somewhere across China a customer takes delivery of a new car -- part of a consumer buying blitz that will see China add 21 million new cars , trucks and buses to its fleet total in 2014 . Short of a catastrophic economic downturn , a government edict against new car ownership , or draconian traffic congestion charges , a continuation of that growth rate means China will likely have a bigger motor vehicle fleet than the United States by 2020 . Indeed , the combination of a low vehicle penetration rate -- only 85 vehicles for every 1,000 people in China , compared with more than 800 per 1,000 in the U.S. -- and the consumer aspirations of high-income , urbanized households across China almost guarantees it . As many as five million of the 260 million-plus vehicles on Chinese roads in 2020 will be plug-in hybrids or battery electric vehicles , while others will use fuel cells . Many of the country 's taxis , trucks and buses will run on compressed natural gas . There will be multiple fuel-saving aids and financial incentives . Petroleum demand But overwhelmingly , passenger cars will still run on gasoline and diesel fuel , which is why Chinese demand for petroleum is the key factor in the global energy outlook for 2014 and beyond . China is already the world 's biggest energy consumer and must import 60 % of the crude oil it needs to meet its transport and refinery needs , as well as to fire some of its industries and power plants . Much of the estimated 10.5 to 11 million barrels of oil that China consumes every day comes from Saudi Arabia and other Middle Eastern suppliers , and many of the Middle Eastern crude carriers must pass through the Strait of Malacca "  choke point " between Malaysia and Indonesia en route to China . That logistical vulnerability troubles China . So while its transport sector 's oil demand is growing , China is trying to lessen its reliance on oil for power by putting greater emphasis on coal , nuclear , natural gas and renewable sources such as solar , wind , biomass and hydro power . Already it has the world 's largest installed base of wind power  76 gigawatt at the end of last year  , and is the dominant producer of photovoltaic modules for the solar power industry . Diversified energy supply At home , China is pushing ahead with the search for and development of more domestic hydrocarbons , including unconventional resources such as shale gas , tight oil and coal-bed methane . At the same time , its focus on a diversified energy supply means it invests in and encourages oil and gas imports via pipelines from Central Asia , Russia and the new pipeline route from the Indian Ocean through Myanmar . Further afield , it is investing in North and South American oil and gas assets , from shale fields in western Canada to heavy crude in Venezuela 's Orinoco Belt . In the next few years , more liquefied natural gas  LNG  from Australia , Papua New Guinea , North America and Africa will enter the Chinese energy equation , along with Russian LNG from the remote Yamal Peninsula in northwest Siberia via the Northern Sea Route , the shorter but more hazardous shipping route that runs through Arctic waters to the Bering Strait and thence to the Pacific Ocean . All of this means that China , and not the U.S. , will be a key target market for the world 's major oil exporters in future . China 's oil import needs are growing , just as North America 's are declining on the back of its shale gas bonanza over the past five years and the more recent emphasis on oil production in places such as North Dakota 's Bakken field . China already has eclipsed the U.S. as the top net oil importer . According to the U.S. Energy Information Administration  EIA  , China 's net oil imports in September were 6.3 million barrels a day , ahead of a net figure of 6.13 million barrels a day for the U.S. . It said this trend was likely to continue in 2014 . Overall the U.S. will likely remain the world 's biggest oil user in 2014 , with the EIA expecting it to consume the equivalent of 18.7 million barrels a day . China 's figure will be about 11 million barrels a day . Auto love But that order could change over the next decade , if China 's love affair with the motor car continues unabated . Global passenger car sales next year will reach almost 75 million , according to a forecast earlier this month by the German Automotive Industry Association  VDA  . When trucks and buses are included , the total will likely reach 85 million . Between 23 and 24 million of those sales will occur in China , while the U.S. will account for about 16 million vehicles in 2014 and peak at 17 million in 2017 . In contrast , Chinese demand may well grow to between 25 and 30 million vehicles a year later this decade . Even though major Chinese cities such as Beijing , Shanghai and Guangzhou have begun to introduce vehicle-use restrictions to combat traffic congestion and pollution , analysts expect the consumer action will simply move to other less-crowded venues . Already , leading global carmakers like VW , GM , Hyundai , Toyota and their Chinese joint venture partners are targeting second , third and fourth-tier cities where the car ownership growth opportunities may be greatest . In a study last year , management firm McKinsey said that apart from government restrictions and a growing used-car market , other factors that could impact on China 's new car sales over the next decade include industry consolidation , improved public transport options and the growth of car-sharing and car rental businesses . At the same time , McKinsey said more Chinese buyers were looking for bigger , better and more expensive vehicles such as sports utility vehicles . That will ensure China becomes the biggest player in the global energy-for-transport sector . It will also be the world 's biggest user of electric vehicles and a potential pioneer of fuel cells . In contrast to the Chinese experience , car and light truck fuel use is declining sharply in the U.S. . A combination of fuel efficiency and changes to driving behavior means there will likely be a 25 % drop in light-duty vehicle energy consumption between now and 2040 , the EIA said in its 2014 annual energy outlook released on December 16 .	Analysis : China 's "  love affair " with motor vehicles drives demand for oil 60 % of crude oil is imported to meet transport and refinery needs China to become key target for world 's major oil exporters in the future
People with Parkinson 's disease who have a pacemaker-like device implanted in the brain spend an extra four-plus hours a day free of tremors and involuntary movements than they do on medication , according to the largest study of the treatment , which is known as deep brain stimulation . In deep brain stimulation , electrodes deliver impulses to the substantia nigra , which coordinates movement . However , deep brain stimulation also has a correspondingly greater risk of problems , such as infection , because of the complicated surgery , according to the study published Tuesday in the Journal of the American Medical Association . "  It definitely is brain surgery and that should give anyone pause , " says David Charles , M.D. , of Vanderbilt University , in Nashville , Tennessee , who was not involved in the new study . Nevertheless , he adds , most of the problems seen in the study were related to the surgery itself , and many had resolved themselves within six months . The findings are "  encouraging , " he says , given that previous research has suggested that patients might develop much more serious problems , such as major depression and suicidal thoughts , than were seen in the current study . Health.com : My life with Parkinson 's In deep brain stimulation , electrodes are used to deliver electrical impulses to the substantia nigra , a crescent-shaped region in the center of the brain that controls and coordinates movement . In patients with Parkinson 's disease , dopamine-producing nerve cells in this region degenerate , causing tremors , stiffness , slowed movement , and loss of coordination . Drugs such as levodopa can help reduce tremors and involuntary movements . But for many people , this medication loses its effectiveness over time , while the side effects -- such as sudden jerky movements , chewing motions , and hand tremors -- get worse . Introduced in the late 1990s , deep brain stimulation is becoming more widely accepted to treat such patients . But most studies have not been conducted in a way to clearly demonstrate the risks and benefits compared with medication alone . In the new study , a team led by Frances Weaver , Ph.D. , director of the Center for Management of Complex Chronic Care at the Hines VA Hospital , in Hines , Illinois , randomly assigned 255 Parkinson 's patients to deep brain stimulation or medical therapy , which could include physical therapy , medication , and other appropriate treatment . A quarter of the patients were older than 70 . Six months after treatment , the deep brain stimulation patients reported about 4.6 more hours a day of "  on " time , meaning time without movement problems ; those in the control group showed no "  on " time improvement . In all , 71 percent of the deep brain stimulation patients had improvements in their motor function , compared to 32 percent of the medical therapy patients . When Parkinson 's patients start a new drug , Weaver notes , they will see at best an hour or two more of "  on " time a day . "  It 's huge , and more than that , it 's consistent with what other studies are finding too , " says Charles . "  It 's a large study at multiple centers with lots of patients and it 's done in a very rigorous manner . " Charles is conducting a clinical trial of deep brain stimulation in patients with very early Parkinson 's disease , which , like Weaver 's research , is partially funded by the company that makes the stimulation device -- Medtronic . Charles has served as faculty for Medtronic educational programs and consulted with the company , as did one researcher on the JAMA study . Overall , deep brain stimulation patients were nearly four times as likely to have serious post-surgery problems , such as infections , disorders of the nervous system , or psychiatric problems . Ten percent of surgery patients developed infections in the surgical site , and one person died . Serious falls also were more common among deep brain stimulation patients during the six months after surgery . People who had deep brain stimulation were also more likely to develop depression , confusion , and anxiety , although these changes were minor , according to Weaver and her colleagues , and it 's not yet clear how much of an effect they had on patients . Health.com : Natural cures for depression The surgery is extremely complex , Weaver notes ; first , patients must have the electrodes implanted in the brain , which has to happen while they are awake so the surgeon can test the effects of touching various brain regions in order to make sure they are putting the device in the right place . Then patients undergo surgery to implant the pacing device , usually in the chest , which must be done under general anesthesia . If a patient develops an infection , it may be necessary to remove the device and replace it with a new one . The fact that the study included a relatively high number of people over 70 may have contributed to the high rate of adverse events , Weaver explains . But the benefits seen for patients -- including the older people , who fared as well as the younger patients -- are "  great news , " Charles says . Anyone considering deep brain stimulation should keep these risks in mind and work with his or her physician to determine if the benefits will outweigh these relatively rare -- but significant -- dangers , Weaver advises . More than 1 million people in the United States have Parkinson 's disease , and 50,000 new cases are diagnosed each year . Actor Michael J. Fox is arguably the most famous person with the disease ; his was diagnosed in 1991 . Health.com : Michael J. Fox keeps up the fight In 1998 , Fox underwent a type of brain surgery called a thalamotomy , in which a tiny portion of brain tissue is destroyed . This type of surgery gives a similar result to deep brain stimulation , but is not reversible . With deep brain stimulation , doctors can halt the electrical impulses if necessary . More than 35,000 deep brain stimulation procedures have been performed around the world , according to the American Association of Neurological Surgeons , and the procedure is being studied as a treatment for depression and other conditions as well . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Brain implant gave Parkinson 's patients more tremor-free hours daily than meds Deep brain stimulation delivers electrical impulses to movement control center Surgery is complicated , carries risks including infection , depression Treatment , introduced in 1990s , becoming more widely accepted
CNN  -- The parents of two former schoolmates of Kendrick Johnson 's have filed a $ 5 million slander and libel lawsuit in federal court against the publisher of Ebony magazine and writer Frederic Rosen . The lawsuit , dated Wednesday , claims that stories written by Rosen and published in Ebony magazine and on Ebony.com imply that the brothers played a part in Johnson 's death and their father was involved in a conspiracy to cover it up . The claim that the brothers played any part in the death "  is completely untrue , " according to the lawsuit . Johnson , 17 , was found dead in the center of a rolled-up gym mat at Lowndes High School in Valdosta , Georgia , in January 2013 . The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office determined that his death was an accident and closed its investigation in May 2013 . Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson believe that their son was beaten to death and that investigators have covered up his murder . The U.S. attorney for the Middle District of Georgia , Michael Moore , launched a federal investigation into Johnson 's death and into the local investigation in October . The federal investigation is pending . Rosen 's reporting on Johnson 's death has been removed from Ebony.com Johnson Publishing Inc. and Rosen declined to comment on the lawsuit . CNN is not naming the students mentioned in the lawsuit because none of them has been named a suspect in the death of Johnson . School officials sued over Kendrick Johnson death	Slander and libel suit names Ebony magazine publisher , writer Frederic Rosen Lawsuit says stories imply that brothers played a part in Kendrick Johnson 's death 17-year-old was found in rolled-up gym mat at Georgia high school last year Sheriff 's office said death was accident ; parents say there was a cover-up
ARLINGTON , Virginia  CNN  -- A suburban Washington man was bitten Monday by a rattlesnake that found its way into his luggage , a fire department spokesman said . An Eastern diamondback rattlesnake appears in a photo from the U.S. Geological Survey . "  He felt a sharp pain , brought his hand out and saw the bite , " said Benjamin Barksdale , assistant chief and chief fire marshal of the Arlington County , Virginia , Fire Department . Andrew Bacas zipped his bag shut and called 911 at about 9:30 a.m. ET , the official said . "  He was conscious and alert but a little anxious , " Barksdale said of the victim . The bite from the young Eastern diamond rattlesnake was not life-threatening , and the man is being treated at Inova Fairfax Hospital in Falls Church , he said . "  We took the bag outside and used a -LSB- carbon dioxide -RSB- fire extinguisher to freeze the snake , " killing it , Barksdale said . Bacas , a high school rowing coach , had been on a six-day trip to Summerton , South Carolina , with about 80 students , said Mike Krulfeld , director of student activities at Yorktown High School in Arlington . Krulfeld said he did not think the incident was a student prank . "  It 's been rare to find a coach who is as well-liked and highly regarded as Andy . I would find it hard to believe they would do anything even in the name of a prank that would cause harm to him , " Krulfeld said . The Web site of the school 's crew team warned members to take precautions unpacking from the trip , adding , "  It 's advisable to open bags and unpack outdoors . " "  It got into his bag somehow at the location where they were staying , " said Kay Speerstra , executive director of the Animal Welfare League of Arlington . "  Nobody noticed it until he was unpacking , and then he definitely noticed it . " Speerstra said the snake was about 10 inches long and appeared to be a juvenile . E-mail to a friend	NEW : High school rowing coach had been on trip with students to South Carolina A 10-inch-long diamondback rattlesnake killed by blast from fire extinguisher Victim treated at hospital ; bite reportedly not life-threatening
CNN  -- Farrah Franklin , whose claim to fame is five months backing up Beyonce in the band Destiny 's Child , was charged with disorderly conduct Sunday . Franklin , 33 , told police she planned to sleep in the woods after two pro football players she partied with earlier in the evening kicked her out of a house in Myrtle Beach , South Carolina , early Sunday . Da'Quan Bowers , a defensive end for the NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers , and Ricky Sapp , a Houston Texan linebacker , called police after she refused "  to calm down " at Sapp 's home early Sunday , the police report said . Bowers , 24 , told police he flew Franklin to Myrtle Beach from California "  so they could hang out " at Sapp 's home . NFL 's Da'Quan Bowers accused of having gun at airport Sapp , 27 , said that after an evening of drinking on the town , Franklin "  became intoxicated , began acting strange , was yelling , slamming doors , " the police report said . Franklin ran out of the house when she heard them call police and "  was last seen screaming in the neighbor 's yard down the street , " the police report quoted them saying . The arresting officer wrote that he found Franklin "  laying in a neighbor 's yard . " "  I could smell a strong odor of an alcoholic beverage emitting from the arrestee 's person , her eyes were blood shot and glassy and she was unsteady on her feet , " the officer wrote . "  The arrestee appeared to be highly intoxicated . " Franklin admitted she had been drinking but denied she used drugs , the report said . "  The arrestee stated she did not have any where else to go and was planning on sleeping in the woods . " Franklin was charged with disorderly conduct and held in the Horry County , South Carolina , jail until she was freed on $ 280 bail , according to jail records . CNN has been unable to reach Franklin or her representative for comment . But she did post messages on Twitter after her release from jail Sunday evening that were apparently related to the arrest . "  Have a Blessed Sunday my Luvs @ Myrtle Beach International Airport , " she tweeted . It was accompanied by an Instagram graphic that read "  May the Lord turn all your sour moments into lemonade . " A later tweet said , "  I 'm good just hate the dumb media sometimes , but hey this is the job I signed up for . " Franklin , who lives in the Los Angeles area , was a member of the girl group for just five months in 2000 . She was added to the group to replace another singer who had been dismissed by Mathew Knowles , father of its lead singer , Beyonce .	Farrah Franklin told police she planned to sleep in the woods NFL 's Da'Quan Bowers , Ricky Sapp called police on Franklin after a night of partying "  May the Lord turn all your sour moments into lemonade , " Franklin tweets after release Franklin was with Destiny 's Child for just five months in 2000
CNN  -- You can blame that third cup of Joe on your genes . A recent study has found six new genetic variants that could dictate the volume -- and frequency -- of a person 's daily coffee consumption . Perfect your coffee pour-over The research was led by Marilyn Cornelis of the Harvard School of Public Health , and published on Tuesday by the journal Molecular Psychiatry . "  Overall , we have known for a long time that there are some genetic components for our coffee-consuming behaviors , " Cornelis told CNN . Researchers were able to identify six regions in human DNA that were not previously linked to coffee-drinking behavior , which could explain why one drinker will lie awake at night twitching after one cup while another can gulp down the whole pot before their REM cycle . The study analyzed data from several studies that polled more than 120,000 people on how much coffee they drink a day , then scanned their DNA . 5 hottest new coffee spots in the U.S. Cornelis said researchers will be able to use these genetic variants to study the health effects of coffee -- and caffeine -- better . "  Most  human  population studies of coffee and heath assume everyone responds to a given amount of coffee in the same way , " she said . "  We know that is n't true and we now have specific genetic variants that we can apply to our studies which will enable us to generate better results . " According to the National Coffee Association 's 2014 drinking trends study , 61 % of American adults consume coffee on a daily basis . 8 of the world 's great coffee cities	DNA influences how much coffee is consumed , according to a new research Researchers found eight gene variants that affect coffee consumption 61 % of American adults consume coffee every day
EW.com  -- For some of you , the focus on Christmas shifted roughly 20 minutes after swallowing the last bite of Thanksgiving pie and you set out to find the best spot for your Black Friday tent . One of the great joys  or , depending on who you are , nightmares  of the holiday commerce season is the never-ending stream of Christmas music filling in all the empty airspace in your local shopping malls and department stores . But what if you 're shopping online , and somehow avoiding every other vestige of public-space holiday-music inundation ? To help you , here 's a rundown of some of the new stuff added to the yearly snowpile of Yuletide releases . Rod Stewart , Merry Christmas , Baby The undisputed champ of this season 's holiday music bonanza is Stewart , whose first holiday album is currently doing big business  it narrowly missed preventing Alicia Keys from being the top album in the country this week  . His approach is very much "  Over-Eggnogged Uncle Croons Hugs ` Round the Tree , " but it 's still Rod-ily charming , and his original composition "  Red Suited Super Man " will be an alternate-universe hit next Yuletide season . COLLECT ALL 4 HOBBIT COVERS : When you subscribe to EW ! Cee Lo Green , Cee Lo 's Magic Moment The music world was half-expecting a new album from Green 's old hip-hop group Goodie Mob this holiday season , but instead we got The Voice favorite 's blast of red-velvet funk  and that 's red velvet like Santa 's suit , not the sexy cake kind  . Its Motown bounce recalls all the great Stevie Wonder Christmas tracks of yesteryear , and the inclusion of the Muppets  on "  All I Need Is Love "  is never not awesome . A Very Special Christmas 25th Anniversary For over two decades , the A Very Special Christmas compilations have brought together some of rock and pop 's biggest names to pay tribute to the season and raise money for the Special Olympics . For the group 's 25th anniversary , they pulled together some classics , including a silky smooth Michael BublÃ © take on "  It 's Beginning to Look a Lot Like Christmas " and a live recording of Dave Matthews Band 's alarmingly sweet original "  Christmas Song . " Lady Antebellum , On This Winter 's Night The sonic version of an eternally burning yule log . Though you 've heard these songs before , the band uses their three-part harmonies to melt the deepest snow and the iciest Scrooge heart .  Or more likely , just make your mom really happy . Holidays Rule Like the indie version of Now That 's What I Call Christmas , Holidays Rule brings together Paul McCartney , Civil Wars , the Shins , and a bevy of other on-the-fringes acts doing Yuletide favorites . Nobody has more fun than , uh , fun. , who blow through "  Sleigh Ride " with the same kind of joyful abandon they bring to their own hits . Blake Shelton , Cheers , It 's Christmas With this album and his recent one-hour primetime special , is Blake Shelton taking Santa 's place as the new mascot of Christmas ? It 's possible . Shelton 's standards are to be expected , but his original composition "  Santa 's Got a Choo Choo Train " has charisma to spare . Scotty McCreary , Christmas With Scott McCreary Scotty 's album made a huge jump up the Billboard chart this week , which means that his core demographicâ $ " country fans who find Blake Shelton too edgyâ $ " have made their way to their local record emporium . Listen to his "  First Noel " only if you do n't like booze in your eggnog . Christina Perri , a very merry perri christmas Because even Goth kids need a little Christmas cheer , Perri lends her icy alto to a handful of standards plus an original called "  Something About December " that provides some fantastically melodic holiday haunting . John Travolta & Olivia Newton-John , This Christmas Need we say more ? See original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	One of the great joys of the holiday commerce season is the never-ending stream of Christmas music EW offers a run down of some of the best , and worst Rod Stewart , John Travolta and Cee Lo Green make the list
CNN  -- They 're young , fabulously wealthy and have blue blood coursing through their veins . Meet the "  20 Hottest Young Royals " in the world , compiled by influential fortune tracker , Forbes magazine . Britain 's Prince William has been named "  Hottest Young Royal " in the world by Forbes magazine . The magazine used the "  winning combinations of looks , money , and popularity on the Web " to come up with the list , it says . Only unmarried royals under the age of 35 were considered . The Forbes list proved to be a Royal knockout for British royalty . They came in the top four of hottest young royals in the world . With his piercing blue eyes and lantern jaw , reminiscent of a movie star , Britain 's Prince William , perhaps unsurprisingly , came in at Number 1 . The magazine describes him as having : "  international intrigue and unparalleled media attention , " combined with a "  graceful public persona . " Although his crown slipped somewhat recently when he was accused of abusing his newly-acquired flying skills by "  joyriding . " Watch who people on the street think is the hottest " His relationship with girlfriend Kate Middleton is the subject of feverish speculation and an engagement announcement is eagerly anticipated by the British media . Seemingly always languishing in William 's shadow , his brother , Prince Harry , placed second on the list . Harry has always been known as the "  bad boy prince " because of some rather unroyal behavior , such as brawling with paparazzi outside nightclubs and going to a fancy dress party dressed in Nazi regalia . However , he has latterly re-invented himself as the "  Hero prince " after a tour of duty in Afghanistan fighting the Taliban in March . Sound off : Is Prince William the world 's hottest young royal ? William and Harry 's cousins Zara Phillips and Princess Beatrice also came in at No. 3 and 4 respectively . The inclusion in the list should be good news for Princess Beatrice , who recently attracted unkind comments from Britain 's newspaper columnists about her curvy figure and her dress sense . The sight of Beatrice , 19 , pictured on holiday in a bikini proved too much for Daily Mail newspaper columnist Allison Pearson , who wrote : "  Ca n't someone buy that girl a sarong ? For her sake , as well as ours . " This led to an angry counterattack from Beatrice 's mum , Sarah Ferguson , who thundered at a news conference to promote a reality show : "  Touch me , fine , but do n't touch my children . " The 20 featured on the list represent almost $ 60 billion in wealth and 15 royal lineages from around the world -- including some rather obscure names that even the most ardent royalist might be hard pushed to recognize . Princess Sikhanyiso of Swaziland anyone ? Coming in at Number 20 , the eldest daughter of King Mswati III of Swaziland , Africa 's last absolute monarch , is currently a speech and drama major at Biola University in California . A controversial princess who raises eyebrows in her homeland with her Western-style clothes and a decision to hold a drinking party to celebrate the end of a chastity decree in 2005 resulted in a beating with a stick . Fourth in line to the Monaco throne , Charlotte Casiraghi , is the only non-Brit to make it into the top 5 . A style icon , who is known for her impeccable taste in fashion and her good looks -- much like her grandmother , Hollywood icon , Grace Kelly and mother Princess Caroline . Her brother , party prince Andrea Casiraghi , also makes an appearance on the list at Number 10 . But it seems even his Hollywood lineage -- as well as his sun-kissed surfer looks were not enough to give William and Harry a run for their money in the pin-up stakes .	Prince William tops list of ` Hottest Royal ' list compiled by Forbes magazine British young royals came in top four spot of the list Forbes : List based on combinations of looks , money , popularity on the Web
New York  CNN  -- Three university researchers working on medical technology are facing federal charges -- and up to 20 years in prison if convicted -- for allegedly taking Chinese money for their U.S.-funded research , according to federal authorities . Their research was partially funded by a multimillion dollar National Institutes of Health grant , according to a criminal complaint . The three -- Yudong Zhu , 44 of Scarsdale , and Xing Yang and Ye Li , both 31 of Hartsdale -- are each charged with one count of commercial bribery , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Manhattan . Zhu is also charged with one count lying about conflicts of interests in a federal research grant . The three are Chinese nationals , according to a statement from the U.S. attorney 's office . It was not clear from the statement what their status was while working in the United States . "  Instead of working exclusively for a New York research institution , the defendants took bribes to acquire research for the benefit of both a Chinese competitor and a Chinese government institution , " said FBI Assistant Director-in-Charge George Venizelos said . The U.S. attorney 's statement described the three as "  researchers who worked on improving MRI  magnetic resonance imaging  technology at a university in New York , New York . " Although the statement did not name the university , the website of the New York University School of Medicine identifies Zhu as an associate professor conducting research focused on improving MRI technology . The criminal complaint said Zhu recruited the other two scientists to aid him in the MRI research . The defendants had undisclosed ties with a Chinese medical imaging company and a Chinese government-sponsored research institute conducting the same MRI research , according to federal authorities . The scientists allegedly shared private information stemming from their research in the United States with those Chinese institutions . "  As alleged , this is a case of inviting and paying for foxes in the henhouse , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said Monday . The researchers allegedly accepted thousands of dollars for travel , tuition and rent . Zhu and Yang were arrested at their residences in New York Sunday , according to the U.S. attorney 's office . Li is believed to have traveled to China before charges were brought . Zhu and Yang appeared in court Monday and were both released on bond , according to Zhu 's lawyer , Robert Baum . "  Many of the government 's statements in the bail hearing misinterpreted facts which are actually consistent with his innocence , " Baum told CNN Tuesday .	The three researchers were working on MRI technology at a U.S. university Their research was partially funded by a multimillion dollar National Institutes of Health grant Federal authorities allege that the three took Chinese money for their research The research went to a Chinese company and a government institution , authorities say
Even death could n't part two skeletons excavated from a lost chapel in an English county , found with their fingers entwined . A team of archaeologists from the University of Leicester Archaeological Services  ULAS  are working with volunteers on a four-year excavation project at the site , which overlooks the small village of Hallaton . Vicki Score , ULAS project manager , says the skeletons were placed together in this position , as there was enough room in the grave to have them buried apart . Aside from the bonded couple , 11 skeletons have been found so far , which are yet to be analyzed , but some discoveries have been made already . Score says one was of an older man aged 46 or over who appeared to have been struck on the head with a sharp weapon such as a pole axe . Another , she says , was in his mid-twenties , with teeth showing severe childhood trauma during the first nine years of his life . "  He was buried in a very unusual position in a pit with his legs splayed widely apart , arms flexed at the elbows and hands tucked beneath his chin . "  We have no idea why he was buried like this -- it could possibly be due to a medical condition . " Both skeletons also had lesions on their skulls which suggest they had head lice . The team are hoping to find out more about how the gravesite was chosen . Score says : "  We have seen similar skeletons before from Leicester where a couple has been buried together in a single grave . The main question we find ourselves asking is why were they buried up there ? " It is thought the chapel may have served as a pilgrimage , or the main church possibly refused to bury the bodies because they were criminals , foreigners or diseased . She adds that Roman archaeology beneath the chapel imply that something important already existed there , which made it a special place . Other findings include the walls and tiled floors of the site , fragments of stone masonry , wall plaster , tiles and lead from the windows . Silver pennies dating between the 12th and 16th centuries give clues as to when the chapel was in use . In 2000 , the Hallaton Treasure was discovered , consisting of Iron Age coins , parts of Roman helmets and debris from feasting . The county was also where the remains of 15th-century monarch Richard III were uncovered beneath a parking lot in 2012 , raising questions about how the controversial ruler lived and died .	Two skeletons were found holding hands , buried at a lost chapel in Leicester 11 skeletons have been found so far , but are yet to be analyzed Early findings suggest one died by being struck on the head with a pole axe Leicester was also the site where the remains of King Richard III were found
Refusing to buckle to violent protests demanding more action , Turkey 's foreign minister insisted Thursday his nation "  is on Kobani 's side " -- referring to the Syrian border town in imminent danger of falling to ISIS -- but still wo n't unilaterally send ground troops to save it . Time may be running out . Smoke rose over Kobani , a Kurdish enclave in Syria that 's a stone 's throw from the Turkish border , as U.S. warplanes pounded ISIS targets from above while Kurdish fighters tried to fend off the Islamist extremist group from below . But ISIS is n't backing down . It seems to have wrested control of one-third of Kobani , said the Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , a London-based monitoring group . Speaking alongside visiting NATO Secretary General Jens Stoltenberg , Turkish Foreign Minister Mevlut Cavusoglu stressed his country vehemently opposed ISIS and its actions in Kobani and elsewhere . Like it or not , Turkey is already knee deep in the regional unrest , having taken in more than 1.5 million people from Syria and Iraq , including some 200,000 Syrians from the Kobani region in the past two weeks . Cavusoglu said Turkey supports the U.S.-led airstrikes against ISIS , though he stated these can only be so effective . "  Maybe you can stop them for a short period but you can not clean the whole region from ISIS or some other terrorist organizations , " the foreign minister said . "  You need to take into consideration all options , including an operation on the ground . " The group that could help beat ISIS That 's what protesters around Turkey and outside of it have demanded , warning innocent people will be killed in mass -- much like what ISIS has been accused of in many other communities around Syria and Iraq , since it stepped up its armed campaign to take over territory amid Syria 's yearslong civil war -- if something drastic is n't done . There are ongoing talks about what the international approach to the crisis could look like . "  Once there is a  common  decision , Turkey will not be reluctant to do its part , " Cavusoglu said . "  It is not realistic to expect Turkey to conduct a ground operation on its own , " Cavusoglu said . Who 's doing what in the coalition battle Erdogan lashes out against protests calling for action This position wo n't satisfy those who have hit the streets around Turkey in recent days . They 've chanted , marched and clashed with authorities using tear gas and other means . "  We want more airstrikes , we want a clear message , " said Rebar Hajo , a Syrian Kurdish politician . " ... The massacre is about to happen , and we have to act very ... promptly and intensify our attacks on them . " According to Anadolu , the nation 's semiofficial news agency , 30 people have been killed since Wednesday across eight locations during what it calls the "  illegal protests . " This figure does not include six killed Thursday in Bingol , including two police officers shot while "  doing damage assessment from the protests . " Dozens more have been injured in the protests nationwide , including at least three police officers in Istanbul alone . Agriculture Minister Mehdi Eker said 116 people had been arrested in connection with the violence and another 294 face charges for curfew violations . President Recep Erdogan criticized the demonstrations , claiming they were tied to connected to the outlawed Kurdistan Workers Party and aimed to "  manipulate perceptions of Turkey 's policies , " according to another Anadolu story . In a statement , he vowed that Turkish authorities will go after those behind "  these acts of violence , vandalism and looting . " Turkey 's tough choice : Take on ISIS or the PKK ? "  Turkey will never tolerate any traps against our peace , stability or sense of brotherhood , " Erdogan said . At the same time , the Turkish government says it stands with Kurds on both sides of the Syrian border unnerved by ISIS ' advance . Cavusoglu rejected the suggestion that Turkey had hung back , saying it has "  never acted reluctantly on this issue . " He also denied "  discrimination on a sectarian basis " -- i.e. , not choosing to act because Kurds were the primary victims in Kobani -- was in play in Turkey 's decisions . Last week , Parliament passed a resolution last week authorizing action against the terrorist group . The main opposition party , the Republican People 's Party , said it will back this motion to authorize the army 's ground operations as long as it is limited to rescuing Kobani and repelling ISIS . Witnesses : ISIS ' gets reinforced , situation ` very bad ' If ISIS manages to take Kobani , it will control a complete swath of land between its self-declared capital of Raqqa , Syria , and Turkey -- a stretch of more than 100 kilometers  62 miles  . The United States wants Turkey to do more , U.S. administration officials said , and is urging Turkey to at least fire artillery at ISIS targets across the border . Witnesses inside Kobani told CNN that airstrikes Wednesday had been welcome but that the situation worsened Thursday . One fighter said that the situation was "  very bad " and that ISIS had received reinforcements , in the form of a "  large " number of fighters and vehicles , overnight . The fighter said ISIS troops have re-entered the eastern side of the city and called for the U.S.-led coalition to launch airstrikes there , where the onslaught is greatest . He said there had been only two strikes Thursday morning . A media activist also in the town described intense street-to-street fighting around the Kurdish security forces ' headquarters , near the center of Kobani , as well as in the south of the town . He also called for more airstrikes against ISIS , saying the two so far Thursday were not enough . The U.S. military announced Thursday that it had launched six airstrikes south of Kobani , destroying two buildings , one tank , one heavy machine gun , as well as hitting one large and two small groups of ISIS fighters . Another three airstrikes north of Kobani hit two small ISIS groups and destroyed two buildings . This was on top of other coalition efforts to go after the Islamist extremist group , including a pair of U.S. airstrikes near Sinjar in Iraq . Oil and crime make ISIS rich	Report : 30 die amid protests ; 2 police assessing protest sites also killed Group : ISIS controls about one-third of Kobani , a Kurdish enclave near the Turkish border Syrian Kurd : "  The massacre is about to happen , and we have to act very ... promptly " Minister : Turkey will do "  its part " against ISIS , but wo n't dispatch ground troops solo
CNN  -- Authorities searched Tuesday for a man they say sexually assaulted and stabbed a lone hiker at Great Smoky Mountains National Park in Tennessee . The National Park Service released a sketch and offered a $ 5,000 reward for information leading to the arrest and conviction of the perpetrator in Friday afternoon 's assault on Gatlinburg Trail near the city of the same name . The 44-year-old victim , who officials said did not know her attacker , managed to make her way afterward to Gatlinburg Bypass , where she flagged down a motorist , officials said . Rangers and National Park Service special agents were working more than 50 leads received on a tip line , said Molly Schroer , spokeswoman for the park , the most visited in the nation . What 's in a trail hiker 's backpack ? The suspect was described as a white male in his 40s , of thin build , about 5 feet 9 inches tall , with a dirty blond crew cut and a thin mustache . He was wearing glasses , black dress pants and a gray T-shirt . Multiple tattoos include an unknown word across his abdomen . The hiker suffered multiple stab wounds on her neck , shoulder and hand . She was airlifted to the University of Tennessee Medical Center in Knoxville , where she was released Sunday . Schroer said the woman 's permanent residency is in Kentucky , but she had been "  temporarily " residing in the Gatlinburg area . Georgia hiker 's mom says showing grisly photos adds to grief "  We stand committed to bringing this assailant to justice , " Chief Ranger Clay Jordan said in a statement released Monday . "  Working together with the assistance of the public , I am optimistic that we can solve this case . " Officials said anyone with information can call the tip line at 865-436-1580 . Schroer said nothing like this has happened recently in the park , and officials "  believe that this is an isolated incident . " Ranger patrols in the area have been increased . According to the park service , Gatlinburg Trail is frequently used by joggers , walkers and bicyclists . It travels 1.9 miles one-way from the Sugarlands Visitor Center to the outskirts of Gatlinburg . It is relatively flat and runs through a forest . The park has 800 miles of trails , and hikers should take precautions , Schroer said . "  Do n't hike alone , make sure someone knows what trail you are on and always be aware of your surroundings . " Missing cavers found alive	Woman sexually assaulted , stabbed in park outside Gatlinburg $ 5,000 reward offered ; suspect described as white male in his 40s Agents , rangers pore over leads in Friday 's incident
CNN  -- Everything looked perfectly normal as the plane prepared to land . I fastened my seat belt and looked through the window , watching the toy cars on the highway below gradually grow to life-size , and the airport runway rapidly -- too rapidly , perhaps -- move almost within arms ' reach . The plane touched down , barreled ahead on the tarmac for a couple of seconds , and suddenly raised its nose and roared back up to the sky pressing us against our seat backs while climbing at a frighteningly steep angle . What happened , we wondered wordlessly . What 's coming next ? What came next was an anxious circling back to the airport followed by a smooth landing and not much of an explanation about what had gone wrong . By then , our heartbeats had mostly returned to normal . The story did not end the same way for passengers of Asiana flight 214 , which crashed on landing in San Francisco last weekend , leaving two young women dead and scores injured . The Asiana disaster continues to rivet our attention . We want to know exactly what went wrong . But that 's not only because it was a terrible tragedy for many families . It 's that air flight commands so much interest . The San Francisco disaster is receiving much more attention , for example , than the horrifying runaway train crash in Canada that razed a town and killed at least 15 people , with another 45 still missing . We give far more attention to plane crashes that kill a small number of people than to , say , car fatalities , which killed more than 32,000 people in the U.S. alone last year . Each death is devastating and should be mourned , but our attention , in proportion to the risk and the death "  tool " is much greater when it comes to flying . The experts have told us the statistics . Flying is almost perfectly safe . Even when disaster does occur , as with this weekend 's flight , the numbers are extraordinary . More than 99.3 % of the 307 people on board the Asiana flight survived . It 's much more dangerous to do almost anything , the statistics tell us , than to fly . Billions of people fly every year and almost zero percent of them die in the process . The risk is comparable , we 're told , to that of dying from a ceiling collapse at a grocery store . And yet , the reassuring statistics penetrate our collective fears as slowly as a worn drill bit cutting into stone . Flying remains a surreal , magical experience , but one that -- even among those who will adamantly deny it -- is framed by a twinge of irrational fear . The experience of climbing on an airplane and watching it defy gravity , break through the clouds and glide across the sky remains a barely comprehensible human achievement ; it feels like a challenge against the laws of nature . Flying has a powerful emotional hold on us . There is something sublime about humans looking down upon the clouds . But the experience also packs the truth about our mortality more transparently than almost anything we do . When we are sitting in that cargo-packed aluminum tube , mocking the earth 's pull , the thought that something could go badly wrong tends to sneak into our consciousness . A spell of strong turbulence can sharply shift the collective mood on board , no matter what the statistics . It 's no wonder some people refuse to fly without a strong infusion of thought-quieting alcohol . It is that outsized emotional power of flight that makes plane crashes or news about near misses compel our attention , even when the casualties remain  fingers crossed !  so remarkably low . There is , of course , a grave downside to the exalted place on which we keep our fear of air disaster . There is a reason terrorists have so often used flights as the means to inflict terror . They know we pay attention , they know we are primed for fear . Not surprisingly , such a powerful primal response comes with a price tag . As a society , we spend enormous sums and we endure endless discomfort trying to do everything we can to make flying safe , or at least to make many of us feel as though we 've made it safe . The 9/11 attackers , who used passenger aircrafts as weapons produced such a strong reaction that they drastically changed the flying experience and the cost of flying . Some put the total 9/11 tally at trillions , most of it from America 's intense reaction to the hit . The Transportation Security Administration spends $ 8 billion per year shepherding us through endless security lines . We obediently stand in the queue , adding countless hours and enormous inconvenience , hoping it all amounts to more than security theatre . In the aftermath of my aborted landing , I spent hours trying to dig out the facts of what had occurred , as I have done after other , much scarier flying experiences involving engine failures , jammed landing gears and blown tires . Anyone who has traveled extensively , particularly in remote parts of the world , has a few stories to tell about airborne misadventures . First I asked a flight attendant what happened when I was leaving the plane . She said there was "  probably " something blocking the runway on our first landing attempt . I looked up the public records of flight incidents and was surprised to find no sign of my obviously not routine incident . I called the airline and was told , much to my surprise , that these kinds of "  touch and go " and "  go around " incidents are quite routine , barely meriting a note in the log , and that there was probably another aircraft on the runway , perhaps an air traffic controller mistake . Then I called the Federal Aviation Administration . The FAA said their logs showed no sign that such a thing had occurred . I called the airline again , pointing to the FAA 's denial of their story . After much insistence and many phone calls and emails I was finally told it was the pilot who "  was not comfortable " with the landing he was executing . Flying , it seems , will never be completely predictable or 100 % incident free . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis once on flight that made aborted landing , then landed safely She says fatalities rare but air travel draws primal fear that dangerous travel modes do n't She says 9/11 drastically changed the cost of flying ; U.S. spends lavishly on air safety Ghitis : While relatively safe , will never be completely predictable or 100 % incident free
CNN  -- One of the most anticipated NBA seasons gets under way Tuesday night . LeBron James ' decision to leave the Cleveland Cavaliers to join the Miami Heat and fellow stars Dwyane Wade and Chris Bosh , fueled passionate off-season conversation about him and the league . While the focus this season is what will take place on the court , there are financial issues looming for the NBA that many expect will result in a work stoppage next season . CNN spoke to TNT NBA analyst Steve Kerr about the excitement around this week 's league openers and the economic clouds looming next season . Below is an edited transcript of that interview . CNN : What should fans expect from LeBron James early in the season ? Steve Kerr : They can expect the usual highlight reel play . That 's not going to change . But I think fans need to temper their expectations for the team . It takes some time for the team to find its identity and find their roles especially with Dwyane Wade injured for most of the pre-season . I think it 's going be fun to watch it all unfold . CNN : So fans should n't wonder why the team is n't on pace for 75 wins  teams play 82 games  from day one ? Kerr : I get that question a lot since I was on the -LSB- NBA record -RSB- 72 win team in Chicago -LSB- in 1996 -RSB- . It is pretty unique and I do n't think it will ever happen again , but Miami is going to win a ton of games . I do n't think anyone will ever win 73 but they will probably be in the 60s , and if things go really well they could be in the high 60s . CNN : James told CNN that he thought race played a role in the criticism of "  The Decision " and he recently re-tweeted a racially charged tweet someone sent him . Will this result in people seeing a different side of LeBron James , perhaps not the carefree kid they saw for many years in Cleveland ? Kerr : I think this whole thing has to have hardened him and given him a different perspective on people . I think if you combine "  The Decision " TV show with the fact that he has n't won a title , he 's starting to feel pressure and people maybe do n't look at him as the "  boy wonder " anymore . It 's more "  When are you gon na win ? " That brings a lot of pressure , an edge and that comes with the territory and I think he understands that . He has to go out and win a title at some point to validate his legacy . Watch LeBron James ' new commercial CNN : You were a general manager and a player , so you 've seen the league 's economics from both sides . The NBA is projecting about $ 350 million in losses this season -- do you think that 's an accurate figure ? Kerr : Yes . Having been on the management and seeing a lot of numbers both in Phoenix and elsewhere , I think that 's an accurate number . CNN : How did it get to that point ? Kerr : Rising player costs . The salaries really exploded and you combine that with the downturn in the economy . ... It 's been a tough go for most of the teams in the league . It 's like a lot of other things in the country : People do n't have a lot of spending money and the first thing you cut back on is your entertainment expenses . The other factor is that when the owners bought franchises 30 years ago , they knew they were sitting on a huge franchise value escalation . They bought it for $ 20 million and they knew it would grow and they could afford to lose some money knowing they could eventually cash in . But now you have a whole group of owners that bought-in at $ 300-400 million , so owners are n't sitting on that huge payoff at the end that they used to be , so there 's a little different mentality on a year-to-year basis . CNN : Is it realistic that player costs can be reduced by 1/3 as the commissioner David Stern says he wants to do ? Kerr : I do n't think anyone really knows . Usually in these situations , Stern 's the master in these negotiations for sure and everything he says is calculated and there 's a plan behind it and maybe the plan is go for 1/3 and get 1/4 -- I do n't know . He knows what he wants , he knows how to get it , and he also knows that it is a partnership with the players and there has to be compromise and we 'll see how it all unfolds . CNN : How hard might the players fight this ? Kerr : Having been through it in 1999  the last NBA lockout  the end result was the players gave up more than the owners did and that 's usually the way it works . You have 450 players versus 30 owners and the owners have other businesses , and generally speaking the owners are going to be able to weather the storm easier than the players are . That said , the owners are going to lose a lot of money in a lockout too . I think it 's something that 'll be resolved but usually the owners come out with the better end of the deal . CNN : What are the odds that there will be a lockout next year ? Kerr : I think the odds are pretty good It 's impossible to give a number . I think circumstances are very unique , probably more severe than in 1999 because of economic conditions in this country , and the fact that a lot of the owner 's other businesses may be struggling a little bit . CNN : What should fans watch for in the early part of the season ? Kerr : Can the Lakers stay healthy and motivated ? They 're trying to get to their fourth straight NBA finals which is very hard to do . Watch Kobe Bryant -- can he sustain it for another full season ? Chicago has made a lot of improvement . Orlando is the team that 's flying under the radar . Everybody is watching Boston and Miami . Nobody is talking about Orlando . They have the best defensive player in the league , Dwight Howard , and they 're going to pose a lot of problems for everybody . CNN : Is Orlando your surprise winner ? Kerr : I picked Miami to play the Lakers , with the Lakers winning . But it would n't shock me at all if Orlando got to the finals .	Steve Kerr says LeBron James new team should win more than 60 games James under pressure ; needs to win a championship to validate his legacy , Kerr says Kerr expects there to be a lockout of NBA players before next season He says rising player costs have led to the league losing hundreds of millions of dollars
CNN  -- Based on a true story , Cameron Crowe 's "  We Bought a Zoo " is the kind of real-life adventure tale with which anyone who has ever dreamed of truly making a new start can identify . How often have you been looking for an apartment or a house , hoping to find that really cool , gothic deconsecrated church , cliff house with a widow 's walk , Robin Hood-worthy treehouse or energy self-sufficient Hobbit hole ? Whatever your dream fantasy home is , it never shows up on Craigslist , does it ? Well , for Benjamin Mee and his two young children , the opportunity to make a fresh start shows up in the form of a slightly run-down farmhouse on 18 acres . It just happens to come with a rather down-on-its-luck zoo , complete with a depressed grizzly bear , an aging Bengal tiger , an African lion , porcupines , flamingos and even a binturong , a Southeast Asian mammal whose musk apparently smells like hot , buttered popcorn . Seriously . As for the humans , Matt Damon does a great job as the grieving widower Benjamin , whose wife dies before the film begins . Benjamin and Katherine  Stephanie Szostak  had one of those storybook romances that we all wish we had  theirs is told completely in still photos and mostly dialogue-free scenes pulled from Benjamin 's memory  , and the pain is etched clearly on his face . His kids are all he has left , but much like George Clooney 's Matt King in "  The Descendants , " Benjamin 's parenting skills leave little to be desired . You see , Benjamin was an adventure writer for a newspaper , the kind of a guy who voluntarily takes assignments that land him in a hurricane hunter airplane . Kids , on the other hand , can be way worse . Benjamin 's son Dylan  ably played by Colin Ford  is less than happy about , well , everything . He 's recently been expelled from school and his behavior  which includes drawing very disturbing pictures  is one big reason why Benjamin thinks they all need a fresh start . Dylan and Benjamin are constantly at each other 's throats , and those scenes occasionally err on the side of strident . Dylan 's petulance and generally obnoxious behavior are really the film 's only misstep . He 's clearly a talented and smart kid , and his inevitable acceptance of his surroundings and new life come about 20 minutes too late . But it 's a minor issue as far as the overall film is concerned . Benjamin 's 7-year-old daughter , Rosie , on the other hand , is an absolute joy to watch . Played by Maggie Elizabeth Jones , Rosie lights up the screen every time she appears , and manages to overcome the potential "  too cute , too precocious " pitfalls that so many adorable cinema tykes fall prey . Her sheer joy at the idea that the family has just bought a zoo is infectious . I dare you not to find her at least as adorable as the red fox or peacock chicks . When Benjamin buys it , the zoo is on its last legs . Kept together by a small but devoted staff , including head zookeeper Kelly Foster  a winning Scarlett Johansson  , zookeeper Robin Jones  Patrick Fugit  , who is rarely seen without a capuchin monkey on his shoulder , or Kelly 's young cousin Lily  Elle Fanning  , who takes an immediate shine to Dylan , and zoo architect Peter MacCready  played with fantastic drunken brio by Scottish actor Angus Macfadyen of "  Braveheart "  . Thomas Haden Church does a spirited turn as Benjamin 's levelheaded older brother , Duncan . Duncan is the voice of reason , pleading with Benjamin to do the sensible thing and cut bait when things get tough at the zoo . Lily 's fascination with Dylan and the evolution of that relationship is yet another winning ingredient in the film  written by Aline Brosh McKenna and Crowe  . When Benjamin and Dylan finally get around to working out their differences , the talk they have about romance is one many of us could take to heart . Yes , this film is a little schmaltzy and sentimental . Yes , it is , at times , a little precious . And no , it does n't break any ground . But it 's genuinely funny , sweet and kindhearted , and it 's going to make you feel good . Considering how stressful the holidays can be , what 's so bad about that ? This film is like an antidote to cynicism . "  We Bought a Zoo " is exactly what it needs to be in this holiday season . I started smiling at the beginning , and kept a smile up until the end when , I 'll confess , I was also shedding a few tears . Do n't mistake this for frothy , insignificant throwaway entertainment . This one comes with real emotions that are thoughtfully and carefully presented . And , for better or worse , most of us can relate . An extremely well-acted , well-written and entertaining way to spend a couple of hours , "  We Bought a Zoo " is great counterprogramming to some of the heavier  but also excellent  end-of-year releases . However , I ca n't be responsible if you take the kids and , instead of asking for a puppy or a pony , they up the ante and start asking for an entire zoo . "  We Bought a Zoo " is rated PG and contains a few mild  and cutely delivered  expletives .	Matt Damon plays grieving widower Benjamin in "  We Bought a Zoo " The movie is genuinely funny , sweet and kindhearted , our critic says He says it 's great counterprogramming to some of heavier end-of-year releases
CNN  The world 's biggest and most powerful physics experiment is taking place as you read this . The Large Hadron Collider  LHC  , a particle accelerator and the largest machine in the world , is ready for action following a two-year shutdown . After problems that delayed the restart in March , scientists at the European Organization for Nuclear Research  CERN  completed final tests , enabling the first beams to start circulating Sunday inside the LHC 's 17 mile  27 km  ring . "  Operating accelerators for the benefit of the physics community is what CERN 's here for , " CERN Director-General Rolf Heuer said on the organization 's website . "  Today , CERN 's heart beats once more to the rhythm of the LHC . " The LHC generates up to 600 million particles per second , with a beam circulating for 10 hours , traveling more than 6 billion miles  more than 10 billion kilometers  -- the distance from Earth to Neptune and back again . At near light-speed , a proton in the LHC makes 11,245 circuits per second . It took thousands of scientists , engineers and technicians decades to devise and build the particle accelerator , housed in a tunnel between Lake Geneva and the Jura mountain range . The purpose of the lengthy project is to recreate the conditions that existed moments after the "  Big Bang " -- the scientific theory said to explain the creation of the universe . By replicating the energy density and temperature , scientists hope to uncover how the universe evolved . Our current , limited , knowledge is based on what 's called The Standard Model of particle physics . "  But we know that this model is not complete , " Dr. Mike Lamont , operations group leader at the LHC , told CNN in March . The burning questions that remain include the origin of mass and why some particles are very heavy , while others have no mass at all ; a unified description of all the fundamental forces such as gravity ; and uncovering dark matter and dark energy , since visible matter accounts for only 4 percent of the universe . The LHC could also question the idea that the universe is only made of matter , despite the theory that antimatter must have been produced in the same amounts at the time of the Big Bang . CERN says the energies achievable by the LHC have only ever been found in nature . The machine alone costs approximately three billion euros  about $ 3.3 billion  , paid for by member countries of CERN and contributions by non-member nations . The organization also asserts that its guidelines for the protection of the environment and personnel comply with standards set by Swiss and French laws and a European Council Directive . Scientists and physics enthusiasts will be waiting with bated breath as the LHC ventures into the great unknown . "  After two years of effort , the LHC is in great shape , " said CERN Director for Accelerators and Technology , Frédérick Bordry . "  But the most important step is still to come when we increase the energy of the beams to new record levels . " Peter Shadbolt contributed to this report .	The Large Hadron Collider  LHC  begins again after a two-year shutdown The restart was delayed in March
CNN  -- Ricin , a poison thought to have been found in a Las Vegas , Nevada , hotel room Thursday , can be made from the waste left after processing castor beans , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Ricin is made from castor beans . The toxin comes in the form of a mist or pellet and can be dissolved in water or weak acid , according to the CDC . It works by getting inside the cells of the body and preventing them from making the proteins they need . As little as 500 micrograms -- an amount the size of the head of a pin -- can kill an adult . Here are some ricin cases : • September 1978 , London , England : Bulgarian dissident Georgi Markov is killed by a ricin-filled poison dart fired from an umbrella . Markov , a communist defector working for the BBC World Service , was waiting at a bus stop when he was killed . • 2002 , Iraq : A primitive testing facility run by members of Ansar al Islam , a Kurdish Sunni Islamist group , is discovered . Authorities say ricin had been tested on barnyard animals there . • January 2003 , United Kingdom : Scotland Yard arrests seven terror suspects from Algeria after traces of ricin are discovered at their homes . A U.S. official later connects the men to Abu Musab al-Zarqawi , who led al Qaeda in Iraq until his death in 2006 . Four of the men were charged with terrorism offenses under Britain 's Terrorist Act 2000 and with "  being concerned in the development or production of chemical weapons " under the Chemical Weapons Act of 1996 . • March 2003 , France : Small bottles containing traces of ricin are found in a Paris train station , according to French police . • October 2003 , United States : Ricin is found in a sealed envelope in a postal handling facility in Greenville , South Carolina . Watch CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta explain the potency of ricin " • November 2003 , United States : The Secret Service intercepts a letter addressed to the White House that contains a vial of ricin . The letter , signed by "  Fallen Angel , " complained about trucking regulations , and was nearly identical to one discovered October 15 in South Carolina . • February 2004 , United States : Ricin is found in the mailroom of the Dirksen Senate Office building in Washington D.C. . The mailroom handled correspondence addressed to then-Senate Majority Leader Bill Frist and others . Frist said no one became sick . • January 2005 , United States : An Ocala , Florida , man with no known ties to terrorists or extremists is arrested by the FBI after agents found ricin in the home he shares with his mother . Steven Michael Ekberg pleaded guilty in federal court to possession of a biological weapon . E-mail to a friend	Ricin found in four U.S. cases since 2003 Bulgarian dissident killed by dart containing ricin in 1978 500 micrograms of ricin , size of a pinhead , can kill an adult
Staring out of the glass viewports , three people sit silently in the metal sphere as it continues its descent hundreds of meters below the ocean 's surface . The journey will take over an hour and the lights in the little submarine have been turned off . In the darkness , a serene atmosphere surrounds the two scientists and pilot who occasionally snap out of their thoughts to gaze at electric sparks of fluorescence emanating from animals bioluminescing as the sub passes by . The radio crackles as the pilot navigates to the dive site with guidance from the systems on the research vessel Atlantis , floating above . As they begin their final approach to the seafloor , activity erupts in the sub as powerful quartz iodide and metal halide lights break the intense blackness and weights are dropped to slow the sub . The team take in their surroundings and maneuver the vehicle towards the dive site , and the day 's work aboard the historic submersible "  Alvin " can finally begin . Pioneering ocean research Run by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institute , the U.S. Navy-owned manned vehicle has been traversing the world 's oceans for half a century , revealing mysteries of the deep with every expedition . "  I would suspect that on every dive we 've ever been on , we 've probably run across something no one 's ever seen , " says Alvin expedition leader Bruce Strickrott . "  Not only is -LSB- Alvin -RSB- valuable , it 's a heck of an experience . There is n't a person who dives in the submarine who wo n't remember it for the rest of the lives . " He adds that Alvin played a crucial part in demonstrating that hydrothermal vents in the ocean are capable of sustaining living organisms . "  From a scientific standpoint , Alvin was instrumental in bringing people to the hydrothermal sites and finding life , particularly down by the Galapagos in the '70s , " he says . "  From the late '60s and on into the '70s , Alvin was starting to ramp up as a tool and when they took people down to the vents and they were able to see life down there , I think that 's when its value really took off . " Hunt for a missing H-bomb Today , it is equipped with state-of-the-art tech including robotic arms and still and video cameras , and several reconstructions over the decades mean the sub can safely bring scientists down 4,500 meters below the surface . During the sub 's lifetime , it has undertaken some fascinating adventures including the search for a missing hydrogen bomb off the coast of Spain in 1966 , after an Air Force B-52 and a tanker plane collided over Spain during air-to-air refueling , dropping an unexploded H-bomb into the Mediterranean sea . Alvin spent three months searching for the bomb on the sea floor before locating it and enabling it to be recovered by a remote controlled submersible . Alvin also made an exploratory survey of RMS Titanic in 1986 and investigated the aftermath of the 2010 Deepwater Horizon oil spill and associated environmental implications . It may be half a century old , but Strickrott believes it could go on exploring the oceans for another 50 years . "  Next year it will head around South America , coming up to Barbados and head out to the Mid-Atlantic . " He adds : "  If you look at all the dives ever , you 've barely scratched the possibilities . There is an awful lot out there that we just do n't know . Science is what drives us , but we have to have the desire to go there . " Click through the gallery above to explore some of Alvin 's many achievements . WATCH : Photographer captures bioluminescence	Built in 1964 , "  Alvin " was the world 's first deep sea submersible 50 years later , it still provides valuable oceanographic research It has made over 4,500 dives including finding a lost hydrogen bomb Expedition leader : "  On every dive we 've ever been on , we 've probably run across something no one 's ever seen "
Washington  CNN  -- Forget red versus blue . The nation 's capital is seeing green . Fifty-five years after debuting on a Washington television station , the original Kermit the Frog puppet was donated Wednesday to the Smithsonian 's National Museum of American History . America 's favorite amphibian was one of 10 puppets from the 1950s show "  Sam and Friends " given to the museum by the family of Muppets creator Jim Henson . Included in the cast of characters joining Kermit at his new home are Pierre the French Rat , a voracious purple skull named Yorick , and a yellow monster called Mushmellon -- possibly an early ancestor of Oscar the Grouch . The Museum of American History also has , among other things , a 1969 version of Kermit the Frog , Howdy Doody , and Edgar Bergen 's ventriloquist dummy Charlie McCarthy . "  With these puppets we provide insights into American identity , and we also explore entertainment and popular culture throughout our history , " said Brent Glass , the museum 's director . "  Jim Henson embodied the innovation and ingenuity that are inherent in American culture . Beyond the entertainment value , Henson 's creations helped educate and helped inform his audiences , and they continue to influence us today . " "  Sam and Friends " ran on Washington 's NBC affiliate -- WRC-TV -- from 1955 to 1961 . While many of its characters soon faded from public memory , Kermit went on to a starring role in shows such as "  Sesame Street , " launched in 1969 , and "  The Muppet Show , " which ran from 1976 to 1980 .	The original Kermit the Frog puppet has been donated to the Smithsonian Nine other puppets from the 1950s show "  Sam and Friends " were also donated The puppets were donated by the family of Jim Henson "  Sam and Friends " aired from 1955 to 1961
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo has the weight of a nation on his shoulders at Euro 2012 , but the world 's most expensive footballer is struggling to make an impact for Portugal . Mocked by opposing fans after uncharacteristic misses against Denmark , the man who seemingly scores at will for Real Madrid is under extreme pressure ahead of Sunday 's final Group B clash with the Netherlands . The Dutch need to win by two goals to have any chance of reaching the quarterfinals , while 2004 runners-up Portugal could go through with a draw if Denmark can not beat leaders Germany . Ronaldo scored 46 goals in 38 league games as Real wrested the Spanish title off Barcelona last season , but Denmark fans chanted the name of Lionel Messi -- his rival for the title of world 's best player -- in Portugal 's last-gasp 3-2 victory on Wednesday . However , former Portugal goalkeeper Vitor Baia told CNN that Ronaldo does not deserve the criticism he has received for his performances so far . "  Cristiano is a fantastic player and is our captain and is doing very well , " said Baia , who won 80 international caps and played at two European Championships and the 2002 World Cup . "  He 's working , he 's helping the team . Okay we are always expecting Ronaldo can win the game alone , but sometimes it is not possible . "  Now he 's playing for the team , that is very important . When he can not make the difference , he helps the team . That 's what a captain has to do in this situation . " Portugal 's defensive approach under coach Paulo Bento has mystified football pundits and fans alike , especially given the glimpses of the team 's undoubted attacking skills in the final 20 minutes of the 1-0 defeat by Germany . Baia expects similar tactics in the match in Kharkiv . "  We will play on the counterattack because it 's the way we played in the other two matches . It will be the same because Holland has to win this game , " he said . "  We did not start so well against Germany with a defensive strategy -- we have so much quality in our players to play in that way . But in the second game , we played better -- not the way we like it . "  We played better until 2-2 and then we suffered a little bit , but at the end we scored a third goal and now we are in a fantastic position to go to the next round because this is a very tough group , it 's the most difficult group in this European Cup . " It has been called the "  Group of Death " -- and the Netherlands are fighting for their lives after two successive defeats . The 2010 World Cup finalists suffered a shock 1-0 loss to Denmark , and then were dominated in the first half by Germany before losing 2-1 as star names such as Robin van Persie , Arjen Robben and Wes Sneijder failed to combine their undoubted talents . Former international Boudewijn Zenden remains hopeful that the 1988 champions can continue their record of reaching the last eight in their last six appearances at the tournament . "  Two-nil to Holland -- I 'm still confident ! It 's going to be really , really tough . Portugal needs to win , Holland needs to win ... Denmark needs to win -- it 's still a group where anything can happen , " he said . Zenden , who helped the "  Oranje " reach the semifinals of Euro 2000 and 2004 , said coach Bert van Marwijk might make changes against Portugal . "  The manager has n't changed much over the last years , he always tries to play with two central holding midfielders and let the other four play in front of them and go forward , " the 35-year-old said . "  There 's been a lot of talk in the press that maybe he should play just one holding midfielder and put maybe Rafael van der Vaart back in the team to get some more drive forward . "  The big shout is for Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , who is the top goalscorer in the Bundesliga , for him to play up front and maybe find a different position for Van Persie , so maybe that 's what will happen . "  He made a big point by substituting  captain and the coach 's son-in-law  Mark van Bommel the other day at halftime . Ibrahim Afellay got dragged off , it 's all signals that there has to be a change when playing against Portugal . " Van Marwijk has been in charge since 2008 , and last year extended his contract until Euro 2016 , but Zenden suggested that the 60-year-old might not last that long if the Dutch crash out early . "  The Dutch FA came out and said even if they do n't qualify he 'll keep his job . We know that Van Marwijk signed a new deal with a clause in there  saying  when he finds a top team in Europe he can leave , " Zenden said . "  Well maybe he put that in for himself . Maybe if it does n't work out at the Euros , with mutual consent you can say , ` Well , if you find a nice club you can do it this way , ' and he might say goodbye . "	Final games in Euro 2012 's "  Group of Death " to be played in Ukraine on Sunday Bottom team Netherlands face Portugal , needing to win by two goals to go through Cristiano Ronaldo 's Portugal will reach quarterfinals with win , or maybe even a draw Leaders Germany need just a point against Denmark , who can also progress to last eight
CNN  -- The third-grader 's legs dangle at times from an overstuffed chair as he answers the questions of two female police officers . His manner and voice are casual , even helpful , but his words are shocking . Police say an 8-year-old boy confessed to murder . Legal analysts say the questioning crossed the line . And so , legal analysts say , were the methods police used to obtain them . By the time the boy was finished talking , say police in St. Johns , Arizona , he 'd confessed to a premeditated double murder . The 8-year-old is charged in juvenile court with killing his father , Vincent Romero , 29 , along with Tim Romans , 39 , a man who rented a room in Romero 's home . Police have said the boy confessed to shooting the men . He has not entered a plea . He will be allowed to leave a juvenile jail for 48 hours to spend Thanksgiving with his mother , a judge ruled Wednesday . The furlough will start at noon November 26 and end at noon on November 28 , Apache County court administrator Betty Smith told CNN . Legal analysts who spoke with CNN were united in their opinion that the police questioning was improper and that any incriminating statements the boy made should n't stand up in court . A review of the tapes shows that the boy 's demeanor was more suitable for a session of show-and-tell than for a soul-baring confession as he describes the carnage he saw inside his home . He does not appear to be depressed , scared or sorrowful . Watch police interrogate the boy " The body of his father 's roommate was sprawled downstairs , he says . He ran through the house , shouting , "  Daaaad ! Dad ! " His father was lying dead upstairs . "  There was blood all over his face , I think , and I think I touched it , " he tells the officers . He showed them how he prodded his father 's body with his foot , checking "  to see if he was a little bit alive . " Watch the boy describe the scene " Then , he says , he sat by his father 's body and cried for half an hour . Later , as the police officers ' questions become increasingly pointed , the boy says he shot the men . He says he shot his father a second time "  so he would n't suffer . " Watch boy say he shot his "  suffering " dad " That statement came , several analysts agreed , long after the camera should have been shut off and the boy advised of his rights to keep silent or consult a lawyer . Even then , they said , it is doubtful a child that young could understand those rights . Nowhere on the tape , which police call a confession , is the boy read his rights . No parent or guardian is present as he speaks . "  The law enforcement conduct in this case is inexplicable : from interrogating a third-grader without the presence of a parent or other adult to releasing an inflammatory videotape before a trial , " said Jeffrey Toobin , CNN 's senior legal analyst . "  It 's important , of course , to protect society from dangerous people of whatever age , but this case has been handled in such a way that seems to disregard the major challenges of dealing with such a young suspect , " Toobin added . Sunny Hostin , another CNN legal analyst , agrees . "  I 've never seen anything like this , " she said . "  This is never how it 's done . This was completely out of bounds . " Watch why the interrogation troubles Hostin " A judge in Arizona has issued a gag order prohibiting police and prosecutors from commenting further on the case . Although authorities once planned to try the boy for murder in an adult court , the case has been referred to juvenile court , where the proceedings are less transparent . Still , there 's the tape . As the questioning begins , the boy is treated more like a witness than a suspect . One of the officers advises : "  I have to tell you the truth . I ca n't lie . Debbie ca n't lie , and you ca n't lie to us . We 're just gong to be talking truth , OK ? We 're not going to make anything up . We 're just going to be honest , OK , even if it 's bad stuff , OK ? We just need to tell the truth , just us , in this room . " "  I 'm comfortable with the way they approached the beginning of the interview , " said CNN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks , a former homicide detective . But the questions became more confrontational as the interrogation continued . At some point , he said , the boy stopped being a victim or a witness and became a suspect . That 's when he should have been read his rights , Brooks said . That 's when a parent or legal guardian should have entered the room , he added . He said the turning point on the tape comes when the officer expresses doubt over the boy 's story about not being home at the time of the shootings : "  You 're sure ? " one officer asks . "  Because I heard something that somebody said that somebody was calling your name and you were n't answering . " At that point , Brooks said , the interview turned into an interrogation . Children are highly suggestible and require different handling , said "  In Session " anchor Lisa Bloom , who represented sexually abused children as an attorney . Children are eager to please , she said , anxious to give adults the answers the child thinks the adult wants to hear . "  Cases are legion where juveniles have been coerced into making false confessions , " she said . "  All you have to do with an 8-year-old is make it clear what answer you want . " In this case , the officers made it clear that the boy 's initial description of what happened was n't the answer they were looking for , she added . Watch Lisa Bloom say interrogators were leading the boy " Bloom points to other cases in which false confessions were coerced from juveniles . Notable among them , she said , was the case of Michael Crowe , a teen who falsely confessed to killing his sister near San Diego , California . A transient later was convicted in the slaying . In the Crowe case , as in the Arizona case , the police videotaped the statement . Bloom said that should occur in all juvenile cases . Apache County Attorney Christopher Candelaria said the tape was released because it was considered public record . But he did not elaborate on why authorities would consider the police interrogation of an 8-year-old to be public record . Juvenile proceedings usually take place behind closed doors . At the end of the tape , the boy buries his face in his jacket as one officer asks , "  You OK , sweetie ? "	NEW : Boy can leave jail next week for 48 hours to spend Thanksgiving with mom Boy says he shot dad once and then again because "  he was suffering " In first part of tape released , boy says he came home and found men shot Lawyers : Police did n't read boy his rights , questioned him without parent or attorney
While the world has been focused on eliminating Syria 's chemical weapons , a vicious war within a war has gained momentum in northern Syria . It is a complex conflict that pits al Qaeda affiliates against more moderate rebel factions and against Syria 's 2-million strong Kurdish minority . But it also threatens to spill far beyond Syria 's borders . The largest Kurdish group -- the Democratic Union Party  PYD  -- raised the stakes last week by declaring the autonomous region of "  western Kurdistan " in a part of Syria that normally produces about one-third of the country 's oil . Other rebel factions condemned the move as a step toward a declaration of independence and the breakup of Syria . The opposition Syrian National Council said the PYD and its allies represented "  a separatist movement , disavowing any relationship between themselves and the Syrian people , who are struggling for a united nation independent and free from tyranny . " What happens in this region is of acute concern to the governments of Turkey and Iraq , and to the Kurds of northern Iraq , all of which have their own interests and allies there . For the regime of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad , Kurdish success at the expense of the Free Syrian Army and Islamists is the least worst outcome , dividing the opposition and depriving its main adversaries of an operational hinterland . The government retains military outposts in places like Qamishli , the largest Kurdish city , in what appears to be a tacit understanding with the Kurds . Northern Syria has now become a patchwork of fiefdoms , with villages and border crossings changing hands and shifting alliances among opposition groups : yet another obstacle for the United States and other countries trying to kick-start a political process in Syria . The PYD is demanding its own place at the table in any peace negotiations as the Kurds ' representative . A growing threat from ISIS On the battlefield , the PYD has focused its firepower on the al Qaeda-affiliated Islamic State in Iraq and the Levant  ISIS  , driving it out of several border villages and taking control of areas along the Syrian border with Iraq . Kurdish "  popular protection units " now control the crossing into Iraq at Yarubiya , potentially giving the Kurds an opportunity to export oil and gain revenue . The crossing is on the main highway to Mosul and Baghdad . ISIS is far from down and out , however . It has vastly expanded its presence in northern Syria this year thanks to an influx of hundreds of foreign fighters . In October , ISIS seized the town of Azaz on the Syrian-Turkish border after heavy clashes with the Free Syrian Army 's Northern Storm Brigade . It accused the brigade of being in league with Kurdish "  separatists " and warned the Free Syrian Army "  not to be dragged into what is planned by them for the enemies who plot day and night , and seek by all means to pit these factions and the Islamic State against one another . " ISIS also seized the Bab al Hawa crossing on the Turkish border from an FSA brigade , giving it the ability to bring in weapons and other supplies . ISIS has gained a gruesome reputation for torturing and murdering prisoners taken during clashes with other rebel factions . A video posted by the Syrian Observatory on Saturday showed several FSA fighters who had been tortured and killed ; the mediator sent to negotiate for their release was also reportedly murdered . Joshua Landis , director of the Center for Middle East Studies at the University of Oklahoma , writes that according to one former prisoner , the ISIS "  emir " in Azaz is a 16-year-old who has personally taken part in the torture of captives . Recognizing the growing threat from ISIS , the Syrian National Council has accused it of "  aggression towards Syrian revolutionary forces and indifference to the lives of the Syrian people . " Islamist groups form alliance Another al Qaeda affiliate , the al Nusra Front , is also involved in this mosaic of conflict . It has been trying to take control of areas north and east of Aleppo , Syria 's largest city , attacking Kurdish villages in the process . But al Nusra and ISIS appear to loathe each other as much as they do the non-Islamist rebel groups . Landis , who runs the blog Syria Comment , says al Nusra and another Islamist group , Ahrar al-Sham , "  are working together more closely than ever both to counter ISIS and to take power from weaker factions of the Free Syria Army . " It 's another sign that the Syrian opposition continues to fracture on the battlefield but also that al Nusra needs allies as it seeks to take on ISIS and the Kurds . Kurdish militias , in turn , have evicted al Nusra from several villages along the Turkish border in recent weeks . But human rights activists claim the Kurds have also targeted Arab villages . At a local level at least , ethnic cleansing appears to be redrawing the map of northern Syria . The PYD insists it does not want to see the breakup of Syria , nor ethnic conflict . But as in Iraq 10 years ago , the Kurds in Syria sense an opportunity to right old wrongs , and especially reverse the Arabization of Kurdish areas decreed by Bashar al Assad 's father . In the 1970s , Hafez al Assad essentially rendered the Kurds stateless and encouraged Arabs to settle in areas bordering Turkey , such as Hasakah province . About 60,000 Kurds were displaced in the process . Writing in the current edition of the Combating Terrorism Center 's Sentinel , Nicholas Heras says "  Hasakah presents a complex human terrain where conflict is driven by the patchwork authority of the Syrian military and local and long-standing communal antagonism . ... Hasakah 's oil resources are also important and a source of frequent conflict between Arab and Kurdish armed groups . " Heras sees an opportunity for the Kurdish militia in Hasakah province , if it protects minorities there . But it will , he writes , "  need to continue to demonstrate battlefield successes against its antagonists , primarily Sunni armed groups such as the Salafi-jihadi organizations and tribal militias . " Al Qaeda-linked group strengthens hold in northern Syria Spillover into Turkey , northern Iraq Turkey is already seeing fighting between the Kurds and other groups spill into its territory , with errant rocket fire killing several Turkish civilians over the past few months . Turkish forces have responded with howitzers , and Turkish authorities have begun building a border wall in several areas along the 820-kilometer  510-mile  border with Syria . Ankara does n't want to see either al Qaeda or the Kurds prevail in northern Syria . Beset with its own Kurdish problem , it has no desire to see the PYD emerge as the dominant player . The PYD has long been an ally of the Kurdish Workers ' Party  PKK  in Turkey , which has fought a guerrilla war against the Turkish state for nearly 30 years . There is now a fragile truce while negotiations on a political settlement stutter on , but should those negotiations fail , the PKK could use Syria 's implosion to its advantage . Activists in northern Syria say hundreds of PKK fighters have already crossed the border . The Turkish government has tentatively reached out to the PYD , whose leader Saleh Muslim Mohammed visited Ankara in July . But in subsequent interviews , he has accused Turkey of helping other Kurdish groups against the PYD and allowing Islamist militants to cross from Turkey into Syria , accusations denied by Ankara . Muslim told Reuters this weekend that the Turks "  are trying to divide the Kurds by bringing certain  Kurdish  parties into the Syrian National Coalition . " The Kurds of northern Iraq have also been pulled into Syria 's war , not least because the fighting has pushed tens of thousands of Syrian Kurds across the border . There were just under 200,000 Syrians registered in refugee camps in northern Iraq in late October , according to UNICEF , the great majority of them Kurds . The support of the Kurdish regional government for brethren over the border has brought a swift response from al Qaeda , which carried out two suicide bomb attacks in the Iraqi-Kurdish capital , Erbil , in September , killing several people . The Iraqi Kurdish leader , Masoud Barzani , responded by warning : "  We will not hesitate in directing strikes  against  the terrorist criminals in any place . " But at the same time , Barzani is wary of the PYD 's ambitions and has been trying to unite other Kurdish groups as a counterweight against it . Barzani has invested heavily in a good working relationship with Turkey -- seeing it as a route for exporting oil from northern Iraq -- and has no desire to see the PYD provoke Ankara . After its declaration of autonomy , Barzani accused the PYD of being in league with al Assad and of wrecking a golden opportunity for Kurdish unity in Syria . He was in the Turkish city of Diyarbakir on Saturday to meet Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan and back his negotiations with Turkey 's Kurds . The Shia-dominated Iraqi government in Baghdad has other concerns , especially about al Qaeda 's new freedom of action in Syria . The scale and frequency of al Qaeda attacks inside Iraq have increased , with the violence there now at its worst since 2007 . ISIS now has a rear base in northern Syria from which to plan attacks in Iraq , and it may have the support or at least tolerance of several powerful Sunni tribes that straddle the border . Whatever happens around Damascus and in other theaters in Syria , the northeast threatens to become a vortex of conflict into which different Syrian groups , foreign fighters and outside powers are inexorably dragged . Inside Syrian town living under al Qaeda reign of fear	Amid civil war , al Qaeda affiliates are fighting more moderate rebels in north Syria Governments of Turkey and Iraq , and the Kurds of northern Iraq , have interests and allies there Kurdish group has declared an autonomous region , drawing criticism from other rebels Area villages , border crossings change hands , and alliances shift , complicating peace efforts
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The employee who wore what some said was a racially insensitive Halloween costume to a party hosted by a top immigration official is being directed by the Homeland Security Department Secretary to take administrative leave . Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement , called the man 's costume "  offensive . " The employee 's leave will continue while a Department inquiry is conducted , according to Secretary Michael Chertoff . The employee wore a striped prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up to the party hosted by Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement . Myers was on a three-judge panel that originally praised the prisoner costume for "  originality . " After some employees complained , Myers apologized for "  a few of the costumes , " calling them "  inappropriate and offensive . " She said she and other senior managers "  deeply regret that this happened . " A department photographer took a picture of Myers with the man , but the photograph or photographs , originally posted online , were deleted after it was determined the costume was offensive , ICE spokeswoman Kelly Nantel said . Asked about the controversy at a press conference Tuesday , Chertoff said Myers was "  right to apologize for having this proceeding take place " and said she is reaching out to members of Congress and others to make sure "  they understood her unwavering commitment to equality and fairness . " "  Here is the bottom line : People do dumb things , " Chertoff said . "  I get very perturbed when there is anything that is done that suggests that with respect to the enforcement of the law , we are anything other than even-handed . I have zero tolerance for racism or discrimination in the area of law enforcement . We have to be tough but we have to be fair . ... The idea that you are going to come and impersonate someone of another ethnic group , I think , is completely unacceptable . " Between 50 and 75 people attended the party , which was a fund-raiser for the Combined Federal Campaign , a federal government collection of charities . Nantel said one employee , whom she declined to identify , was wearing a black-and-white striped prison outfit , dreadlocks and a skin "  bronzer " intended "  to make him look African-American . " But , she said , it was not immediately apparent that he was wearing the make-up . "  Most people in the room did n't realize he was wearing make-up at all , " she said . "  It was unintentioned . The employee did not mean to offend although there were some employees that were rightfully offended by it , " Nantel said . "  There were a couple of people who were offended , " Nantel said . "  When it was confirmed through a conversation with the employee that he was wearing make-up " the employee was counseled and Myers sent out a note to employees apologizing . "  The photo was deleted because there was a determination that the costume was inappropriate , " Nantel said . In a November 2 email to ICE employees , Myers said , "  It is now clear that , however unintended , a few of the costumes were inappropriate and offensive . While we were all thrilled to be a part of the CFC fund-raising effort , I and the senior management at ICE deeply regret that this happened . " She reminded all employees to be compliant with the department 's diversity training requirement . Myers has served as head of ICE since January of 2006 but is still awaiting Senate confirmation . An ICE congressional liaison said ICE officials briefed congressional staffers about the costume party this week as a courtesy . But at least one congressional staffer said they approached ICE after receiving an anonymous fax about the incident . Myers called House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson , a Democrat from Mississippi , about the incident and is expected to meet with him before the end of the week , a Thompson spokeswoman told CNN . Myers also contacted the National Association of African-Americans in the Department of Homeland Security . In a letter to NAADHS members , the group 's vice president , Sjon Shavers , said the group "  appreciates  Myers  reaching out to us so quickly in order to keep us apprised of the matter and we commend her on moving so swiftly toward appropriate corrective action . " As head of ICE , Myers heads the law enforcement agency charged with enforcing immigration law in the nation 's interior . It is the second largest investigative agency in the federal government , with more than 15,000 employees , including 6,000 investigators . Chertoff "  supports the actions that Assistant Secretary Myers has taken , " DHS spokeswoman Laura Keehner said . "  We do not tolerate inappropriate behavior at DHS . "  The secretary has asked for an inquiry into the facts surrounding the incident . Once the facts have been determined , we will take all necessary and appropriate actions . " E-mail to a friend	Homeland Security Secretary Michael Chertoff directs employee to take leave Man in prison outfit , dreadlocks and darkened skin make-up came to party Party host was Julie Myers , head of Immigration and Customs Enforcement She and other judges at first gave man praise for costume 's "  originality "
CNN  -- The Pennsylvania official was just talking about one area , but he summed up a winter storm that struck much of the eastern United States on Wednesday . "  We dodged a bullet , " said Steve Cowan , a spokesman for the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation . As night fell , travelers and transportation authorities breathed a collective sigh of relief as the worst of holiday travel fears failed to materialize . The storm caused some complications and inconveniences , but no major delays or breakdowns . Forecasters see mostly smooth sailing into Thanksgiving . CNN meteorologist Todd Borek predicted some lake-effect snowfall over the Great Lakes and fresh snow from a weak disturbance for the Upper Midwest . But , he added : "  The worst in terms of widespread snow and rain is over . Tomorrow will be a quieter day , although wind gusts will continue to be a problem overnight and Thursday for the Northeast . " That 's good news for people like Latasha Abney , who joined the more than 43 million Americans expected by AAA to travel over the Thanksgiving holiday weekend . Abney said Wednesday that she arrived more than two hours early at Washington 's Reagan National Airport to catch a flight to New York 's JFK . "  I thought the lines were going to be ridiculous , " she said in an e-mail . "  I was second in line checking my bag with Delta  checked into my flight last night  and security was a breeze . I walked right up , the TSA agent checked my info and I immediately started the security process . And now the wait begins . It 's pretty quiet by the gates . Not too many people roaming around . So far , so good ! Happy Thanksgiving !!!! " Brian M. Good said he , too , was expecting a horrible trip when he departed New York for Newark to get a flight to San Diego . "  Instead the roads were dead , " he said in an e-mail . "  It 's warm outside and it stopped raining . No lines at the airport and flight is on time . Wish the forecasters were wrong all the time : " Will winds whip parade balloons ? Though the worst of the storm has passed , winds could still pose a problem . The forecast has left up in the air the fate of the balloons in Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade . They are to be grounded if sustained winds reach 23 mph or gusts exceed 34 mph -- both slightly above predicted strength . A decision will be made Thursday morning before the parade 's 9 a.m. ET scheduled start . "  Tomorrow before the event , we 'll make a determination -- the police department , the incident commander -- whether the balloons will fly or not , " Patrol Chief James Hall with the New York Police Department said Wednesday . "  It looks good . It looks very good , " he said about the possibility of balloons in the air . But there is ample reason to support the caution . In 1997 , a woman spent more than three weeks in a coma after the Cat in the Hat balloon -- tossed by heavy winds -- struck a pole that hit her . In 2005 , two other people were hurt in a similar incident involving the M&M s balloon . Officials say that improved weather monitoring devices en route and a police sergeant assigned to each balloon will minimize any danger . "  We came all the way from Puerto Rico to see the parade , so it will be a disappointment if we do n't see the balloons , " said Jose Ramirez , who was in New York with his family . Either way , the parade -- with or without the balloons -- will go on , organizers say . Planes , trains ... Delays were reported at several airports in the Northeast on Wednesday . Do n't get trapped by bad Thanksgiving weather : Top tips Heavy winds at all three New York-area airports -- LaGuardia , John F. Kennedy and Newark-Liberty -- resulted in delays of 30 minutes to an hour , according to the Federal Aviation Administration . Departure delays from Philadelphia International Airport averaged nearly two hours . American Airlines ' Kent Powell reported three cancellations , none of them related to the weather . At US Airways , Todd Lehmacher called the impact of the weather "  pretty minimal , at this point , " with six weather-related cancellations and an on-time performance of about 67 % . The impact was more pronounced at US Airways Express , which tallied 56 cancellations because of the weather , he said . "  The real story is people are getting to their destinations , albeit a little delayed in some but not all cases , " he said . #ATL24 : A day in the life of the world 's busiest airport Amtrak reported no major delays systemwide . Using the weather as a marketing tool , the nation 's rail system was adding seats on some routes . "  Rail travel remains one of the most reliable and comfortable transportation options , especially in weather conditions that negatively impact other modes , " Amtrak said . There may be something to that . "  QUIET CAR . Window seat . Polite seatmate . I have hit the Amtrak travel trifecta . #blessed , " Ellie Hall tweeted early Wednesday . 5 healthy eating tips for holiday travelers ... and automobiles Snow blanketed parts of the Midwest , where crews scrambled to clear roads . The storm was blamed for scores of accidents . Up to a foot of snow fell in parts of Pennsylvania , and it was falling from upstate New York into Canada , where more than a foot was possible . Snow also continued to fly in the central Appalachians and around the Great Lakes as cold air moved in and produced lake-effect snows . Road conditions were not great in much of the Northeast . "  It 's sleet ; it 's rain ; it 's 31 degrees . It 's ugly out there , " CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said . Still , a call for anecdotes elicited a number of comments , but no horror stories . "  Well , since the forecast said we would be hitting an ice storm on our way , we ended up leaving the night before we had planned and took an alternate route , " Sarah Martini said in an e-mail . "  This morning we took smaller roads to avoid DC traffic and have made great progress ! We managed to avoid bad weather and traffic and are getting close to getting to Pittsburgh from NC ! " The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said that 416 motorists died during Thanksgiving weekend last year , that 60 % of the dead had not been wearing seat belts and that 42 % of the accidents involved a drunken driver . Last week , 12 people died , most of them in car crashes , when one of the fronts making up the current storm iced roads from the Rockies to Texas and Oklahoma . More than 100 vehicles ended up in wrecks . "  I get on the highway , and the next thing I know I 'm spinning , " said Seqret Watson , among the dozens of drivers in Northwest Arkansas sent sliding when their cars hit icy bridges and roads . "  I try to grab my wheel and then I just hit the wall . Just jumped out to make sure my kids were OK , " Watson told affiliate KFSM . The Peterson family had initially planned to drive from Northern Virginia to Massachusetts . But after seeing the forecast , they booked seats on a flight at the last minute . "  It was a small fortune , " Jennifer Peterson told CNN affiliate WUSA . "  We could 've gone to the Bahamas for what we paid ! " Storm prompts airlines to relax travel policies CNN 's Jason Carroll , Ben Brumfield , Dave Hennen , Aaron Cooper , Alexandra Field , Shannon Travis and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	NEW : The worst of holiday travel fears fail to materialize NEW : "  Tomorrow will be a quieter day , " says CNN meteorologist Fate of Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade balloons still up in the air
Mashable  -- We 've seen some major world events unfold on the social media stage in the past week , the biggest being Google 's threat to pull out of China and the Haiti earthquake . Google 's actions have brought attention back to the long-standing Internet censorship that blankets China , while the destruction in Haiti has mobilized hundreds of thousands to open their wallets and their hearts . Just like the Iran election crisis , those events are causing people to reassess the impact of social media on the world . It 's clear that social media has the power to impact world politics and the lives of billions , but some have overstated what social media can actually do . We need to understand what social media really is in order to use it effectively for social good . iReport : Looking for loved ones in Haiti Let me explain by highlighting a few examples of social media 's impact on the world stage , and then concluding with how I view social media 's impact in the larger context of mobilization and world discussion . Iran election crisis During summer 2009 , the world 's eyes were fixated on Iran . Questions were raised after Ahmadinejad was declared the winner over rival Mousavi in Iran 's Presidential elections . The abnormalities and potential tampering of the vote resulted in massive protests that engulfed the Islamic nation . Social media 's role in the Iran Election Crisis started with #CNNFail , but that was only the beginning of social media 's role . With the Iranian government clamping down on information and enforcing censorship , Twitter , Facebook , Flickr , and YouTube became the primary mediums for bringing information out of the conflicted nation and spreading notes between dissidents . Take a look at the Iran election social media timeline we built if you want to see its full impact . Key moments in the crisis , especially the death of Neda , were recorded and spread like wildfire , creating an outpouring of support for the protesters . Twitter 's role was so important in fact that the U.S. government got involved in scheduling Twitter 's downtime . In the end though , social media did n't topple any governments , although it has helped shift the political climate in Iran . In some cases the use of Twitter in Iran was overstated , yet the result is that the tipping point for Iran is close , thanks to social media . Haiti earthquake After a magnitude 7.0 earthquake  and multiple aftershocks  devastated the nation of Haiti , social media became the medium in which everybody spread the word . Dramatic Haiti earthquake Twitter pictures swept across the Web , while tech giants mobilized . iReport : Earthquake rocks Haiti The most impressive part of social media 's impact on Haiti has to be the charity text message campaign that has already raised more than $ 10 million for Haiti victim relief . Social media spread the word . Technology made it possible . It 's not all perfect , though : the money raised is small compared to the relief coming from world governments and donations face 90 day delays . Still , social media for social good is becoming more effective with each crisis . China-Google standoff While we are still far from the conclusion of this messy affair , Google 's threat to pull out of China has already had a dramatic effect in both social media and political circles . Politically , China has been put under pressure . The U.S. government has thrown its support behind Google , though it 's doubtful that the Obama Administration will get involved in the end . More importantly though , social media is being used to lift China 's blanket of censorship . Social tools , while many are blocked by the Chinese , can get through China 's great firewall . We have the tools to undo censorship in China . Google 's efforts have re-ignited the debate over censorship , but they wo n't break the barrier . Social media 's global impact In all three cases -- China , Haiti and Iran -- social media has had an impact , especially as the course of events evolved . Real-time communication platforms like Twitter and Facebook have spread the word about what 's happening within these nations , long before the mainstream media prints the story . These tools have also created a level awareness we 've never seen before . iReport : I 'm alive ! Messages from Haiti We have to be realistic , though : New media is n't going to stop censorship , overthrow oppressive regimes or heal the people of Haiti alone . Social media has transformed communication , media , and the transmission of information , but it still takes people on the ground to pull people out of the rubble or to fight for freedom . Just as Paul Revere embarked on his midnight ride to warn that the British were coming , social media acts as both the first warning and the rallying cry for mobilization . In the end though , social media is just a collection of tools . It 's up to us , the people , to make the real impact on our world . © 2010 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Author : Social media has helped mobilize people in China , Haiti and Iran After Haiti 's earthquake , aid groups solicit donations by text message Social media 's ability to help people has been overstated in the past , author says Ultimately , technology and social networks are tools people must use
CNN  Are you ready for the "  most honest conversation you 'll ever have ? " That 's how VProud describes itself -- an apparently troll-proof website for women to discuss everything from politics to their sex lives , all without fear of garnering online abuse . While four in 10 internet users have been harassed online , according to the Pew Research Center , young women suffer the brunt of more extreme abuse -- 26 % have been stalked online , and 25 % sexually harassed . Now Karen Cahn , a former Google , YouTube , and AOL video executive , thinks she might have the answer to keeping trolls at bay . Her new social network filters out what she describes as "  Mean Girl " language . "  Our definition of ` troll ' is all about rude , hateful , mean , and unproductive comments , " explained Cahn . "  And these comments can come from men and women . " In the VProud world , users are verified through their Google , Facebook , and Twitter accounts -- though they still have the option of commenting under a public or anonymous profile . Is Cahn the equivalent of a modern day "  Troll Slayer ? " We 'll soon find out . CNN : What is VProud ? Karen Cahn : VProud is a digital safe space for women to have intimate conversations with each other , without feeling like the whole world is going to see what they are saying , and without trolls making hateful and unproductive comments . It 's an open platform where women can participate in discussions started by someone else , or start their own conversation and invite other people to join in . CNN : How does it keep out trolls ? KC : We have 4 lines of defense against trollish comments : 1 . A database that understands context , and over time can determine whether a comment is intended to be disruptive . 2 . Filters that catch words and phrases that are against our community guidelines . 3 . Editors who live and breathe VProud conversations , making sure the dialogue is one that is productive . 4 . On every piece of content and comment on the site , there is a troll icon . If someone is being hateful or disrespectful , users can report the troll and our community managers will review it . CNN : Can you still post content anonymously ? KC : Yes . Women can choose to participate in discussions using one of two identities : VPublic , which is their social username , and VPrivate which is a custom username . She can toggle back and forth between the two identities based on the conversation she 's involved in . For example , I may be perfectly comfortable talking about yoga or girls education with my real name , Karen Cahn , but I 'm certainly not going to comment about my sex life or intimate issues using my real name . Instead , I will use my VPrivate name . You know , so my Aunt Gertrude does n't see what I 'm saying . CNN : Are you concerned about limiting free speech ? KC : VProud is about the democratization of conversation . We are not the arbiters of opinions . We are not Democrats or Republicans , we are not pro-choice or pro-life . What we do n't approve of is "  Mean Girl " behavior -- name calling and putting people down . But we are not about censorship -- we just think you can have productive conversations without engaging in that type of behavior . CNN : What inspired you to set up the site ? KC : I went through a divorce and the experience was the most isolating and lonely time in my life . I had lots of friends and Facebook friends but I still felt alone . I would sit up in bed at night and cry and put these ridiculous 20 word search phrases into Google and hope that a Yahoo group or something helpful would come up where I could find women like me to relate to -- but I never found anything . I figured I was n't alone , so I decided to create a space for those types of conversations . CNN : Why did you make it women-centric ? KC : Based on my personal experience , I wanted to create a space where women would have the freedom to discuss whatever is on their minds and , equally important , find a community around the issues they most want and need to discuss . I partnered with a group of women who all had different experiences with cyberbullying and comment trolling , and we all collectively built the site we now have . CNN : What has been your most popular topic of discussion ? KC : Some of the topics people have become most engaged with are about mental health issues . We 've also seen a lot of participation in our parenting conversations -- it appears to us that people are really looking for a community around these topics that can be hard to discuss with neighbors or friends who are not in similar circumstances . Topics around parenting a child with special needs is an area where people feel such a wide array of emotions -- confusion , guilt , fear , hope , shame . So it feels incredibly rewarding to see that we are providing a space where people feel comfortable asking questions and discussing things . CNN : You worked as an executive at Google , YouTube , and AOL -- how come none of these companies have set up something like this before ? KC : I think it 's easier to innovate when you 're on your own or in a small group . I do my best thinking when I 'm in the shower or curling my hair . And you ca n't exactly come into a huge organization like Google or AOL and say : "  Hey , so I was curling my hair and I had this really good idea , so I 'm going off to build it now . " CNN : What is your advice for women harassed by trolls -- engage or ignore ? KC : Dealing with trollish behavior online is no different than dealing with it in real life . The difference is that it happens more often in our online lives because our screens allow us to hide , and give us courage to say things that we would never say in our "  real lives . " But the truth is that the line between your online life and your regular life is pretty much gone -- more and more it 's all the same . So take a deep breath and walk away because everything looks different after you pause for a break . In short , ignore . CNN : Where do you see the world of trolling headed -- will there come a breaking point ? Trollish behavior comes from real people and typically it 's the people who were bullied , who feel hurt by someone else , who have gone through a traumatic event . They are taking their feelings out on someone online and whether you call it cyberbullying or trolling , until people face the inner demons and get mental health support , we 're going to see this continue . I think that 's where we each have a role to play -- to not stand for the behavior , and to demand that there be better protections . CNN : Almost all of the videos featured on VProud are pulled from other websites -- are you concerned about "  piggy-backing " on someone else 's work ? KC : VProud produces our own original video conversation starters every day in our studios in New York City . A huge part of VProud 's mission is supporting the female creative economy in video , so it 's our job to highlight and support the work of female content creators online . Quiz : 10 female scientists you should know Watch : The comedian and her robot sidekick	New social network for women claims to be ` troll-proof ' Created by Karen Cahn , former Google , YouTube , Aol executive Filters comments for hateful language , includes ` troll buttons ' Popular topics include parenting children with mental health issues
NOTRE-DAME-DE-MESAGE , France  Reuters  -- Twenty-six Polish pilgrims died when their coach crashed off a mountain road at a notorious accident black spot in the French Alps and burst into flames , police and officials say . Emergency officials say most of the passengers who died perished in the fire . Another 24 people were injured , 14 critically , when the coach smashed through a roadside barrier on the steep Laffrey gradient , some 30 kilometers  19 miles  from the southeastern city of Grenoble . The coach careened 40 meters down the slopes before coming to rest on the banks of the Romanche river . Most of the victims died in the fire , said emergency officials , and DNA forensic experts from Paris would be needed to identify the bodies . Television pictures showed several bodies laid out under white sheets on the river banks , the coach smoldering in the background as fire crews doused it with foam . Several helicopters and a fleet of emergency vehicles ferried the injured to hospital in Grenoble in an operation that mobilized 60 police as well as fire-fighters . Robert Caban , owner of the Polish transport firm that hired out the coach , told the Polish news agency PAP the drivers were experienced and the 7-year-old Scania coach had passed technical inspections recently in Germany . France 's LCI television quoted him as saying that he had alerted his men to the route 's dangers . He said he had driven the coach himself recently and its brakes had then worked well . Reports said the Poles , from the Szczecin area of northwest Poland , had been due to return home on Tuesday after two weeks on pilgrimage in Spain and France . "  My daughter got in touch with me . She 's got a broken leg and collarbone and head injuries and is badly shaken up , " Poland 's TVN24 quoted a weeping Malgorzata Wachowiak as saying of her daughter Karolina , aged 22 . "  It is a dangerous road , so dangerous that coaches that do n't have the authorization to take it , which seems to be the case here , are banned from taking it , " French Prime Minister Francois Fillon told reporters after visiting the scene . "  Doubtless the best thing to do is ensure that this type of vehicle does not take such a difficult route as this . " Gendarme -LSB- police -RSB- Lt. Col. Thierry Rousseau said : "  Witnesses spoke of a problem with the braking system , an unusual black smoke . " Local officials said the coach 's speed may also have been a factor in the accident . French President Nicolas Sarkozy sent a message of condolence to his Polish counterpart Lech Kaczynski and would meet the Polish president at Grenoble airport when he arrived later on Sunday , the French presidency said . Maciej Lopinski , an aide to the Polish president , told PAP that the victims ' families would receive financial support from a special presidential fund . Sunday 's accident happened close to where a Belgian coach crashed in July 1973 , killing 43 people . Robert Caban , owner of the transport firm that hired out the coach , told PAP the drivers were experienced and the seven-year-old Scania coach was in good condition . "  Ahead of the pilgrimage the coach underwent a thorough check-up in Germany and everything was in order . Before going on the pilgrimage it had traveled to Spain , and everything was in order , " PAP quoted him as saying . Polish television said the Polish pilgrims were from parishes in the Szczecin area of northwestern Poland , who were due to return home on Tuesday . E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	French police say 26 people killed in bus crash near Grenoble Bus carrying Polish pilgrims when it crashed near southeastern French city Accident happened as the coach was descending a steep incline It left the road , fell into a ravine and burst into flames
London  CNN  -- The families of three British soldiers killed in Iraq can sue the Ministry of Defence for negligence over their deaths , the UK 's highest court ruled Wednesday . The Supreme Court ruling represents a defeat for the Ministry of Defence , which had filed a challenge to an earlier Appeal Court judgment . The legal firm representing some of the claimants , Leigh Day , said the ruling would force the ministry to recognize "  that it owes a duty of care to provide adequate equipment to service personnel engaged in military operations . " The claimants it represents include the widow of Cpl. Stephen Allbutt , who was killed when the Challenger II tank he was in came under fire from another British Challenger II tank on the fourth day of the Iraq war in 2003 . Leigh Day also represents Cpl. Dan Twiddy and Trooper Andy Julien , who suffered severe injuries in the incident . They are known as the "  Challenger claimants " for the tank in which they were traveling . A separate group of claimants are the relatives of Pvt. Phillip Hewett and Pvt. Lee Ellis , who were killed in separate incidents in 2005 and 2006 when lightly armored Snatch Land Rovers hit roadside bombs . The vehicles were not fully equipped to detect roadside bombs or protect soldiers from a blast , the court heard . The claimants ' negligence claim is based on the argument that the soldiers were not properly trained or equipped by the Ministry of Defence for their deployment in Iraq . In the case of the Challenger group , the claimants argue that the ministry failed to equip the Challenger tanks with technology that would have confirmed their identity as friend or foe , and failed to provide the soldiers with "  adequate recognition training " before they were deployed or in the combat theater . In the claim involving the Snatch Land Rovers , the claimants say the ministry breached European human rights law because it failed to take measures that it "  might have been expected to take in the light of the real and immediate risk to life of soldiers who were required to patrol in Snatch Land Rovers , " according to the court ruling . The Ministry of Defence argued that no duty of care was owed to the claimants by virtue of "  combat immunity , " because their deaths and injuries were suffered on the battlefield . But the Supreme Court dismissed that argument , on the grounds that decisions about the provision of equipment and training are made far from the battlefield . Lord Hope , delivering the majority judgment , said : "  The Challenger claims are about alleged failures in training , including pre-deployment and in-theater training , and the provision of technology and equipment . They are directed to things that the claimants say should have been done long before the soldiers crossed the start line at the commencement of hostilities . " Lawyer Shubhaa Srinivasan , of Leigh Day , said they were "  extremely pleased " with the decision . "  The highest court in the land has now ruled the MoD , as employer , must accept that it owes a duty of care to properly equip service personnel who go to war , " she said . The ministry 's position is "  morally and legally indefensible , " she said , adding that some soldiers had felt compelled to buy their own GPS devices and other tracking equipment to try to ensure their safety and that of fellow servicemen . UK Defence Secretary Philip Hammond said he was concerned about the wider implications of the judgment , "  which could ultimately make it more difficult for our troops to carry out operations and potentially throws open a wide range of military decisions to the uncertainty of litigation . " But , he said , his thoughts remained with those who were injured and the families of those who died . "  The most important priority is the protection of our troops , and since this litigation started , a wide range of protected vehicles , including Mastiff , Ridgeback , Husky , Wolfhound , Jackal and Foxhound , have been available to commanders to match the most appropriate available vehicle to specific tasks , " he added . According to the Ministry of Defence , the court acknowledged that the uncertainties of war have to be recognized and that the work of the armed forces should not be impeded by the threat of legal action . One of the judges , in a dissenting judgment , warned that the ruling would make extensive litigation against the British armed forces almost inevitable . INTERACTIVE : Iraq and Afghanistan war casualties	The UK Ministry of Defence loses a Supreme Court challenge The ruling means the families of three soldiers killed in Iraq can sue for negligence The claimants say the Ministry of Defence failed to adequately equip and train soldiers Defense secretary says he is concerned the judgment could lead to more litigation
When Janet Servoss shops for clothes in Orange County , California , she sees plenty of selection in sizes 0 , 2 and 4 , but fewer in sizes 12 and 14 . "  You 're bombarded by it daily , " she said of the message that thin is better . "  It 's everywhere . " But according to a report published in the Journal of the American Medical Association , being thin might not be in your best interest in the long run . The report is drawing strong reaction in the medical community , among proponents who hail its findings and among critics , one of whom dismisses it as "  rubbish . " The comprehensive study confirmed that obese people tend to die earlier than people of normal weight . But it also found that overweight people -- those with a body mass index  BMI  of 25 to 30 -- had a lower risk of dying than people of normal weight . "  If I were to look at this study and if it is shown to be true , I would think maybe I should be worrying less that I 'm wearing a size 12 and focus on how I feel , " said Servoss , a 44-year-old nurse whose BMI fluctuates from 24 to 26 . Researchers analyzed nearly 100 studies that included more than 2.8 million people . While obese people had a higher risk of death -- particularly those whose BMI was 35 or more -- overweight people had a 6 % lower risk of death than those of normal weight . "  Because this bias against weight has been so prevalent , it 's really been unquestioned , and I think this concept that thin is healthy and fat is not healthy is clearly not true , " said Michelle May , a physician and author of "  Eat What You Love , Love What You Eat . " Big deal : You can be fat and fit Some thin people exercise excessively and do n't eat a balanced diet , and there are people in the overweight and obese categories who have good diets and are active , she said . May said people need to focus on choices about eating and physical activity rather than be concerned about the numbers on a scale . "  I find it interesting that the reason they did this is because this is something that has shown up over and over again . It is challenging to shift a paradigm that has become so deeply entrenched , that being overweight by BMI category automatically puts you at high risk , " she said . Americans overemphasize the importance of being thin , said professor Glenn Gaesser , author of "  Big Fat Lies " and director of the Healthy Lifestyles Research Center at Arizona State University . "  We have had for decades now an obsession with thinness and an obsession with weight and how to lose it , " he said . "  I think the forces in our culture -- in fashion , in fitness , in health and wellness -- all have been predicated on , ' A thin body is a good body and a fat body is a bad body , ' and that 's wrong . I have always believed that a good , healthy body can come in many shapes and sizes . " Fat , fit people tend to be better off healthwise than thin people who are unfit , Gaesser said , suggesting that being fit is far more important than being thin . "  I think in general , America is still not ready to accept this notion that fitness comes in many shapes and sizes , " he said . "  It 's a good message , but I still think people would rather be thin . " Exercise lengthens your life -- even if you 're overweight The study authors say it 's possible that overweight people live longer because they get better medical care and are tested for diabetes , heart problems and other diseases stemming from their weight . Heavier people might also be able to better survive infections or surgery . While many say the findings make sense , some experts take issue with the way the research was conducted and express concern it will send wrong message . "  Of course , a lot of people would like to hear that it 's no problem that they are overweight or obese , " said Walter Willett , professor of medicine at Harvard Medical School and chair of the Harvard School of Public Health 's Department of Nutrition . "  It causes a lot of confusion that 's completely unnecessary . " He called the study "  a pile of rubbish . " Scientists often disagree , said Barry Graubard , senior investigator at the National Cancer Institute and one of the authors of the study . "  We published our findings in the peer-reviewed scientific literature to invite discussion , " he said in an e-mail . "  It is by engaging with our colleagues in this manner that science advances . " BMI is one of three numbers people should watch , according to Willett . "  It 's also useful to look at weight change since age 20 , " he said . "  That 's going to primarily be fat . The third is your waistline . The vast majority of people will be best off if they do not increase their weight or waistline after age 20 . " Not smoking , eating a high-quality and healthful diet , not being overweight and being physically active all contribute to a person 's health , he said . Memphis , most obese U.S. city , moving from fat to fit While the majority of experts and scientists believe that excess weight is unhealthy , Dr. Kamyar Kalantar-Zadeh , professor of medicine and public health at the University of California , Irvine , takes a different stance . A black-and-white approach to obesity is inappropriate , he said . "  Most experts have problems with this sort of data , " he said . "  It 's difficult to see that some of these principles are being questioned . " Kalantar-Zadeh compares the lack of consensus about weight and fat to the evolution of thought about alcohol consumption . Alcohol was thought to be detrimental to a person 's health , but studies started to show that alcohol consumption in moderation could have some health benefits , he said . "  The fat-is-bad principle is a very recent approach , " he said . "  Body-stored fat has helped us for hundreds of thousands of years to survive hardships . That should tell us evolutionarily there was something good in that . " A higher body mass index can be protective in certain situations , he said . "  Once you are in your 70s , 80s or 90s , or if you have chronic disease like heart failure , rheumatoid arthritis , chronic lung and kidney disease , a larger body size gives you longevity , " he said . Not all fat is bad , but belly fat is more harmful than fat in the arms , legs or buttocks , he said . Global report : Obesity bigger health crisis than hunger Fitness expert John Siracuse said people should n't get caught up with numbers . "  I always got people focused on their bodies rather than on a number and make them more aware of their muscle tissue , their shape , " he said . "  Are they getting stronger ? Faster ? Can they pedal longer ? If you listen to your body more , you will know the symptoms before your body starts to break down . We tend to forget about our bodies and that 's when we start getting fat . " Servoss said she can see where a little bit of extra fat could be good for people facing a serious illness , but said the more weight you have , the harder it is on your joints . Excess weight also comes with numerous health challenges , including circulatory problems , high blood pressure and diabetes , she said . "  I think the numbers have their place , " she said . "  They do give us some reference but it does ultimately come down to how you are feeling , your exercise tolerance , are you able to do the things you love to do without any difficulty ? "  That 's the kind of thing I should be focusing more on , rather than that my jeans come from the back of the rack rather than the front , " she said .	A highly debated study says overweight people may live longer It may not be true that thin is healthy and fat is not , one expert says Americans overemphasize being thin , according to a professor Body mass index is only one number people should keep an eye on , says a doctor
CNN  -- The indictment of NFL star Adrian Peterson on child abuse charges has led to a robust debate about whether hitting , spanking or any other form of corporal punishment is justified and effective in dealing with children . It has also revealed sharp differences in cultural , regional and generational attitudes toward using any kind of physical force to try to teach kids right from wrong . Peterson , through his attorney , has admitted disciplining his 4-year-old son with a switch -- taking an approach to discipline along the lines of what "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas , " said the attorney , Rusty Hardin . In a written statement Monday posted on his Twitter feed , the star running back for the Minnesota Vikings touted his parents ' approach as one of the reasons he has reached the professional heights he has . "  Deep in my heart I have always believed I could have been one of those kids that was lost in the streets without the discipline instilled in me by my parents and other relatives , " he wrote . "  I have always believed that the way my parents disciplined me has a great deal to do with the success I have enjoyed as a man . " Children who are spanked or given other physical punishments like Peterson apparently was when he was a kid are more likely to spank their own kids , said Elizabeth Gershoff , an associate professor at the University of Texas at Austin who has been studying corporal punishment for 15 years . "  We call that intergenerational transmission because our parents are one of our main examples of how to parent , " said Gershoff , known as one of the leading researchers on spanking . "  So parents do what parents did to them and that 's what Adrian Peterson is saying . " Gershoff , who has done a systematic analysis of the hundreds of studies exploring the effects of corporal punishment , said the research shows that spanking is more common among African Americans than among other racial and ethnic groups in the United States , including whites , Latinos and Asian Americans . "  There are people who say it might be a legacy of slavery , which is a very sad thing to think about but it 's possible that having lived for centuries with a culture of violence being kind of  used  against them that they kind of keep it going unfortunately . " Parenting advocate Asadah Kirkland , author of the anti-spanking book "  Beating Black Kids , " also points to a belief held by some African Americans that using physical force to discipline children helps to protect them from the violence of the wider world . She calls it "  The Beloved Syndrome , " referring to a movie about slavery starring Oprah Winfrey . "  If you remember the movie , Oprah Winfrey actually kills her children because she saw the slave master coming and instead of letting him get them , she ended up killing her own children , " she said . "  That 's drastic but it comes from that mentality , but it 's not real . It 's a myth . " Kirkland , who gives workshops to African Americans encouraging them not to discipline with their hands , said the thinking is that if you beat your children , they will be more prepared for any potential "  beating up " they 'll face in life . "  This is not the boxing match . This is you rearing a child so that they should have certain values and certain skills that they can only have if you give  them  to them . " Former NBA star Charles Barkley added the regional component to the debate over spanking , when he suggested that a "  whipping " is a kind of discipline that many parents in the South "  do all the time . " Jennifer Alsip , a mom of two , said she comes from a white middle class family in Texas that believes in spankings . "  I got ` whooped ' and I ` whooped ' my daughters  when and if they needed it  , " she said . "  All I would have to do was threaten to give them a spanking , and they would mind me . " Gershoff , the researcher on corporal punishment , said spanking rates are indeed higher in the South than in other parts of the country . Part of that , she said , may be because spanking is more common in families that have a conservative religious background . "  Those parents are more likely to say they have very strong beliefs and their interpretation of the Bible leads them to believe that spanking is a good idea , that they need to do it . " Other factors driving corporal punishment , she said , include age , education and income : Younger parents , parents with lower levels of education and parents from lower income levels are more likely to hit their children . "  Parents with less education may not be aware that there are other ways of disciplining kids , " said Gershoff . Peterson , for his part , indicated he was n't familiar with other parenting techniques to use when children misbehave . "  I also understand after meeting with a psychologist that there are other alternative ways of disciplining a child that may be more appropriate , " he said . Awareness is crucial , said Gershoff , comparing spanking to seat belts and car seats . We did n't have either in the 60s and 70s when parents let their kids bounce around the backs of station wagons . "  They thought that was fine but now we know so much more about what happens in car accidents , and you ca n't do that anymore , " she said . "  And I think of spanking in the same way . We know so much more now about the kinds of things that hurt kids and the kinds of things that help them that we really should n't spank anymore . We know it 's not a good idea . " The research , according to Gershoff , is conclusive : spanking does not improve behavior , leads to aggression and other behavior problems like stealing and lying , makes it more likely children will have mental health issues such as depression and anxiety and could lead to learning problems at school . It could also lead to child abuse , she said . "  The more parents spank , the more likely they are to physically abuse their children , " said Gershoff . "  And that 's kind of what we see in the Peterson case is that people hit too long or too hard with an object and their intention is to discipline the kid but they 're hurting them because they 're hitting so hard . " Despite all the research we have now on spanking and other forms of corporal punishment , for parents who were spanked a lot as kids , it can be tough not to use it as a form of discipline . Micky Morrison -- a mom of two , author and founder of BabyWeightTV -- said she grew up in rural Tennessee where spanking was the norm . "  Interestingly , probably because I was spanked as a child , spanking was often my first reaction to a stressful parenting situation . It 's taken a lot of reprogramming to not repeat that pattern , " she said . Do you think spanking is an effective form of discipline ? Tell Kelly Wallace on Twitter or CNN Living on Facebook .	Children who were spanked are more likely to spank their own kids , according to research African Americans are more likely to spank their children than other racial or ethnic groups Low-income , less-educated parents are also more likely to spank , according to research Spanking leads to negative consequences in children , says a prominent researcher
Hong Kong  CNN  It was n't just the nuts . The flight attendant who served the offending macadamia nuts testified that she and the chief flight attendant knelt before Heather Cho , the former vice president at Korean Air , and the daughter of the airline 's chairman in apology . The former executive also shoved her , threw a tablet to her chest and called her a pejorative term for female dog after becoming angry over the service , Kim Do Hee , the flight attendant testified in court Friday . Cho , a former executive for South Korea 's biggest airline faces charges , after she ordered an international flight back to the gate at New York 's JFK airport after becoming dissatisfied that her macadamia nuts were served in a bag instead of on a plate in first class . Prosecutors say that the incident , dubbed "  nut rage " extends beyond Cho 's behavior , but also to an attempt to systematically cover up what happened on the flight . Kim testified that Korean Air told her to lie about what happened to investigators and not to talk about the violence . The December 5 flight bound for South Korea had to return to the gate to remove the senior steward from the flight . Although her former role put her in charge of in-flight service , Cho was a passenger and was not flying in an official capacity . Cho was served with an arrest warrant last month in Korea in a case that has outraged the nation over growing resentment of the power held by its large family-owned corporations known as chaebol . Cho Yang-ho , her father and Korean Air chairman apologized to the flight attendants and the public for the incident . Swarmed by reporters outside the courtroom , the chairman said , "  I sincerely apologize to the people who treasure Korean Air . " "  No matter what , mistreating the flight attendant is not correct , " he said . "  I scolded her for not being able to control her emotions . " He vowed to reform the corporate culture within the airline . Kim , the flight attendant who initially served the offending nuts , said that Cho was n't initially angry , but ordered her to bring over a service manual . Kim handed a tablet to the chief steward , Park Chang-jin who brought it to Cho . Then Kim testified that she heard loud voices and went back into the first class cabin , and spotted Park kneeling . Kim also knelt in front of Cho as the executive berated her for having Park bring the tablet . Then , Cho lifted her up from her kneeling position and pushed her , yelling at her to leave the plane , Kim testified . Before the plane could take flight , Cho ordered Park to get off the plane , Kim said . After the incident , Kim said she was told by a Korean Air manager what to tell South Korean investigators from the Ministry of Land , Infrastructure and Transport . "  One of the managers said everyone in this ministry from Korean Air , they are all related to us , do n't worry , do what we tell you to do , " she said . Kim said she was coached by Korean Air not to mention Cho 's yelling and physical abuse . She added that she never received an apology from Cho , also known by her Korean name , Cho Hyun-ah . Cho resigned from her post as a vice president at the company in December and trotted out a public apology with her head bowed , saying she accepted "  full responsibility . " The airline faces possible disciplinary action from the government because of the captain 's failure to command and supervise crew members to ensure the safe operation of the flight , according to the ministry . CNN 's Paula Hancocks contributed to this report from Seoul , South Korea .	Flight attendant : Korean Air exec yelled , cursed , physically abused her after nuts served Heather Cho ordered a Korean Air plane back to the gate in early December Outrage in South Korea over power of national corporations
CNN  -- Golf 's governing bodies have ruled that the use of controversial anchored putters will be banned from 2016 , following several months of consultation that drew strong U.S. opposition to the planned change . The United States Golf Association  USGA  and the R&A on Tuesday ratified the decision by changing golf 's rulebook , despite formal complaints from the U.S. PGA Tour and the PGA of America . Professional golfers now have until January 1 , 2016 to adapt their putting style to comply with the new regulations . Adam Scott was the latest major winner to use an anchored putter -- where the top of the club rests on the belly or another body part -- on his way to a sensational playoff victory at the Masters in April . American Keegan Bradley was the first player to capture a major using a long putter at the 2011 PGA Championship , with compatriot Webb Simpson , winner of the 2012 U.S. Open , and last year 's British Open victor Ernie Els of South Africa following suit . Golf 's global rule-makers explained in a statement : "  Rule 14-1b , which was proposed on November 28 2012 , has now been given final approval by the USGA and The R&A following an extensive review by both organizations . "  In adopting Rule 14-1b , the USGA and The R&A have concluded that freely swinging the entire club is integral to maintaining the traditions of the game and preserving golf as an enjoyable game of skill and challenge . "  The essence of the traditional method of golf stroke involves the player swinging the club with both the club and the gripping hands being held away from the body . "  The concept of intentionally immobilizing one end of the golf club against the body ... is a substantial departure from that traditional understanding of the golf swing . " Before introducing the ban , the USGA and the R&A first wanted a three-month period for comments to be made amid strong opposition from the U.S. PGA Tour and the PGA of America . In response to the ban , the U.S. PGA Tour said it acknowledged the decision and thanked the USGA for hearing its voice during the long discussions . It added that it would now consider whether to implement the ruling during competitions under its jurisdictions on U.S. soil . The PGA of America said it was "  disappointed with this outcome " but acknowledged the openness of the forum . "  We do not believe 14-1b is in the best interest of recreational golfers and we are concerned about the negative impact it may have on both the enjoyment and growth of the game , " it said in a statement , adding that its board will meet in late June to "  decide how best to proceed . " The European Tour , the LPGA and the Ladies European Tour have all supported the new regulation . World No. 1 Tiger Woods had also backed the ban , with the 14-time major winner calling for the ruling to be implemented "  as soon as possible . " The use of "  belly " or "  long-handled " putters fixed to the body has sparked debate in golf for the last two seasons . The sport 's governing bodies accepted that their decision wo n't please every player who takes to the green using such a club . "  The anchored method of stroke has been a subject of controversy within the golf community for quite some time , " the joint statement said . "  Many individuals and organizations feel strongly about the anchoring issue , and there is no single outcome that will please all . " Meanwhile , Europe 's Ryder Cup captain Paul McGinley announced Tuesday that he will have three wildcard selections for next year 's match against the United States at Gleneagles , Scotland . That will mean nine automatic places are on offer through qualifying results , as opposed to the 10 under his predecessor Jose Maria Olazabal last year . U.S. captain Tom Watson reduced his wildcard selections from four to three earlier this year .	Golf 's governing bodies ban use of anchored putters from start of 2016 Adam Scott used such a club to win the 2013 Masters , continuing a trend USGA and R&A say anchored putters are not in traditional understanding of golf swing U.S. PGA Tour will decide whether to incorporate the ban in its tournaments
CNN  -- A Georgia man was sentenced to six months in federal prison on charges of sexually assaulting a sleeping passenger during a flight from Dallas to Atlanta , federal authorities said Tuesday . FBI agents arrested Ranchhodbhai Lakha of Alpharetta , Georgia , on October 4 , 2010 , after a 20-year-old woman filed a complaint about being inappropriately touched on the Delta flight . According to the federal indictment , the woman said she awoke during the trip to discover the 61-year-old former hotel owner touching her below the waist . She removed his hand and told him to stop , documents said . Lakha responded by asking her , "  Is that OK -- you do n't like that ? " according to the complaint . The woman said no and recoiled her body to protect herself , but Lakha reached down and touched her again , the indictment alleged . After the woman got up and reported the assault to a flight attendant , authorities arrested Lakha on a federal criminal complaint of sexual assault . "  This defendant thought he could get away with taking advantage of a defenseless , sleeping passenger sitting next to him . He was wrong . He will now serve time in a federal prison , " U.S. Attorney Sally Quillian Yates said Tuesday . Lakha pleaded guilty to a charge of abusive sexual contact on June 29 , 2011 . In addition to serving six months in prison , he must serve one year of supervised release , and was fined $ 5,000 . Lakha also is required to register as a sex offender .	Georgia man convicted of sexual assault of sleeping passenger Woman says she woke up and fellow passenger was touching her He touched her below the waist again after she complained , she says
CNN  -- Dallas Cowboys nose tackle Josh Brent was arrested on suspicion of intoxication manslaughter after a Mercedes he was driving in Irving , Texas , flipped and caught fire early Saturday morning , killing teammate Jerry Brown Jr. , police said . Brent 's car was allegedly traveling at a high speed when it hit a curb , according to Irving police , who said officers on the scene "  believed alcohol was a contributing factor in the crash . " The car traveled about 900 feet after hitting the curb , said police spokesman John Argumaniz . When officers came upon the scene , Brent was dragging Brown from the car , he said . The 25-year-old passenger was taken to a nearby hospital , where he was pronounced dead . Brent , 24 , in his third season with the team , was booked into the Irving City Jail on one count of intoxication manslaughter -- considered a second-degree felony that carries a potential two - to 20-year prison sentence with a maximum $ 10,000 fine . Brent pleaded guilty to a DUI charge in 2009 , according to court records in Champaign , Illinois . The records list Brent , who played football with Brown at the University of Illinois , as Joshua Price-Brent , the same name listed in the Irving police report . The athlete got a 60-day sentence , a fine and 200 hours of community service . Cowboys owner Jerry Jones said Saturday , "  We are deeply saddened by the news of this accident and the passing of Jerry Brown . " "  At this time , our hearts and prayers and deepest sympathies are with the members of Jerry 's family and all of those who knew him and loved him , " he said in a statement . Brown was an outside linebacker on the Dallas practice squad , having been released by the Indianapolis Colts in October . News of Brown 's death prompted a flurry of online comments from former classmates and coaches at Illinois . Arrelious Benn tweeted : "  Prayers go out to the family of my former classmate , teammate Former Illini Jerry Brown . RIP . #Illini " Illinois coach Tim Beckman posted : "  Sad News for the illini family today . Jerry Brown , former illini and current NFL player has passed away . Keep him in your prayers . " The incident occurred shortly after 2 a.m. Saturday , one day before Dallas is scheduled to play the Bengals in Cincinnati . According to the Cowboy 's website , Brent has 22 tackles in the 12 games that he 's played in this year , starting in five of them . In an effort to keep intoxicated players from taking the wheel , the NFL Players Association runs a "  Safe Rides " program for $ 85 per ride , taking it over from the NFL due to confidentiality concerns . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Jason Durand contributed to this report .	Josh Brent was arrested in 2009 on DUI charges Jerry Brown , a passenger was pronounced dead at a hospital Brent , 24 , in his third season with the team , was booked into the Irving City Jail The incident occurred one day before Dallas plays Cincinnati
Washington  CNN  -- An Arkansas pipeline spill that coated streets and lawns with a smelly , asphalt-like crude oil provides opponents of the proposed Keystone XL pipeline with new ammunition to combat the project that would bring more of the tar sands bitumen from Canada . The Obama administration is expected to issue a decision on expanding the Keystone pipeline in coming months , after an upcoming public hearing that is part of the State Department 's assessment of the border-crossing proposal . The project has become a flashpoint in Washington and a dilemma of sorts for President Barack Obama , who will anger the liberal Democratic base if he approves the pipeline or face condemnation from Republicans and pro-business moderates if he nixes job creation by opposing it . A recent report by the State Department said the 800-mile Keystone pipeline expansion should have no significant effect on the environment along its proposed route , causing supporters to ratchet up pressure on Obama to approve it . In Saturday 's weekly Republican address , Rep. Lee Terry of Nebraska said the Keystone pipeline "  is primed to give our economy a shot in the arm and make energy more affordable -- and it wo n't cost the taxpayers a dime . " Terry spoke a day after the apparent pipeline rupture in the Arkansas town of Mayflower , about 20 miles north of Little Rock , that demonstrated the exact kind of environmental threat predicted by opponents of the Keystone project . Keystone XL pipeline public meeting set Black torrents of diluted bitumen -- the tar-like oil dug up in northern Alberta that is thinned with chemicals to make it transportable by pipeline -- flowed through the community , forcing the evacuation of 22 homes . Pipeline owner ExxonMobil was barred Tuesday from restarting the pipeline "  until the agency is satisfied with repairs and is confident that all immediate safety concerns have been addressed , " according to a statement from the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration . "  When I got here , you could have canoed down the street , there was so much oil running down through there , " said Mayflower resident Chris Harrell . Another resident , Amber Bartlett , described the smell of the black sludge on part of her yard as "  very intense . " State Attorney General Dustin McDaniel said Tuesday he was launching an investigation and asked ExxonMobil to preserve all documents and information related to the spill and cleanup efforts . Daily updates by ExxonMobil show the scale of the spill designated as "  major " by the Environmental Protection Agency , as well as the struggle to clean it up . The company said Tuesday it had deployed 15 vacuum trucks , 33 storage tanks and 330 workers that recovered roughly 12,000 barrels of oil and water so far . It also mentioned that 14 oiled ducks , two turtles and one muskrat had been found . Two ducks were killed by the spill . To Glen Hooks , who was in Mayflower on Tuesday for the Sierra Club , the Arkansas incident portends similar problems with the Keystone pipeline . "  We are connecting the two because this is a great example of what could happen if the Keystone XL pipeline is permitted and built , " Hooks told CNN , noting it would be transporting the same "  viscous , thick , nasty stuff . " Rep. Ed Markey of Massachusetts , the top Democrat on the House Natural Resources Committee , said the Arkansas incident was "  a troubling reminder that oil companies still have not proven that they can safely transport Canadian tar sands oil across the United States without creating risks to our citizens and our environment . " Markey has lobbied for legislation ending a tax loophole that protects oil companies from a fee to pay for the costs of tar sands oil spills , and his statement Sunday said ExxonMobil should "  be forced to pay for all cleanup costs and assist affected Arkansas homeowners in whatever way they need . " "  Whether it 's the proposed Keystone XL pipeline , or this mess in Arkansas , Americans are realizing that transporting large amounts of this corrosive and polluting fuel is a bad deal for American taxpayers and for our environment , " he added . Political tensions over the pipeline run deep . Protestors call on Obama to reject Keystone XL pipeline Supporters including Republican leaders , the business community and some oil state Democrats argue it will create at least 5,000 jobs and carry more than 800,000 barrels of oil a day from U.S. ally Canada , reducing American dependence on less friendly and less stable countries . Environmentalists and Democratic allies opposing the project contend the tar sands oil from Canada produces up to 30 % more greenhouse gases , and extracting it causes deforestation and other problems . However , a traditional political ally on the left -- organized labor -- is generally siding with pro-pipeline arguments because of the jobs it would create . The opponents also cite the risk of spills , which they say are more prevalent for the heavier tar sands oil . In response , Saskatchewan Premier Brad Wall told CNN that the tar sand oil from neighboring Alberta will get to market whether or not the pipeline gets built . "  This is transitional energy , " Wall said . "  We all want to get to the point where hydrocarbons do n't play the role they play today , but in the meantime , they do . " The Obama administration initially rejected a permit for the Keystone pipeline in January 2012 after Nebraska 's governor , a Republican , complained it would cross the vital Ogallala Aquifer in his state . Obama later accelerated approval for a southern portion of the project that runs from Oklahoma to the Gulf Coast , but critics accused him of avoiding a politically sensitive decision on the northern leg . Nebraska officials have since approved a revised route for the pipeline , and supporters of the plan now complain that the administration 's continued vetting was unnecessary after previous years of review . CNNMoney 's Steve Hargreaves and CNN 's Jason Hanna , Lisa Sylvester and Lisa Desjardins contributed to this report .	The Obama administration will decide on the Keystone XL pipeline this year Opponents argue the tar sand oil from Canada makes spills more likely They cite the Arkansas spill that coated roads and lawns in asphalt-like residue Pipeline supporters say it will create jobs , and the oil will get to market anyway
CNN  -- Over the past week , two popular Internet messaging companies , SnapChat and Skype , were hacked . SnapChat 's 4.6 million users ' user names and cell phone numbers were posted online . A hacker group posted messages to Skype 's official blog and social media accounts . These are just the latest in a long list of tech companies that fail to provide adequate protection of their users ' personal data . Do companies that offer free services have an obligation to protect our communications ? Yes , absolutely . SnapChat is an app for phones that allows people to send photos and short videos to friends and promises to delete them once viewed , Ã la Mission Impossible . In August 2013 , a group of security researchers publicly reported weaknesses in SnapChat 's programming interfaces that could allow data exfiltration and manipulation . They withheld the specific details that would enable someone to easily exploit the flaws . If you 're mad at your critics , you might ignore them and quietly fix the flaws . If you 're appreciative you might engage them in a dialogue , thank them and work out some time to fix things before telling the public about it . But it seems the founders of SnapChat chose instead to stick their heads in the sand . After four months without response , the security researchers grew impatient and decided to publicly disclose the details on Christmas Day , including code they had written that would allow almost anyone to abuse SnapChat 's service . SnapChat then blogged that it knew about the flaws , but was satisfied with the changes it implemented and did n't expect the service to be exploited . The next day someone posted the user names and phone numbers of the 4.6 million SnapChat users that they had extracted using the security weaknesses . While some can make excuses for SnapChat by saying the company is young , hence inexperienced , a breach is still a breach . Skype , a division of Microsoft , ca n't even say that . Skype had the dubious distinction of being the first major Internet company to be compromised in 2014 . It is the latest victim of a group called the Syrian Electronic Army , which has targeted numerous media companies over the years , including The Financial Times , BBC , NPR , Associated Press and Reuters . With more than 3 million followers on Twitter and 27 million "  likes " on its Facebook page , you would expect the security of a company like Skype to be carefully managed . How did this so-called electronic army penetrate its defenses ? It must have been an extremely sophisticated hack , right ? Unfortunately , the answer is no . The Syrian Electronic Army is famous for using phishing , a simple tool that persuades users to disclose their user names and passwords through cleverly worded e-mails . The primary defense against phishing , aside from never clicking suspicious links or attachments in e-mails , is to use two-factor authentication . The first factor is something we know , typically a password . By adding a second factor -- something you have such as a phone or special keychain token -- attackers not only must acquire your password , but also gain access to a piece of randomly generated information sent to a physical device . The social media accounts of Skype that were accessed by the Syrian Electronic Army had optional two-factor authentication available , but it was apparently not enabled by Skype . As a result , Skype 's blog featured a headline : "  Hacked by Syrian Electronic Army ... Stop Spying ! " Similar messages were posted on its Twitter and Facebook pages . Skype acknowledged in a tweet : "  You may have noticed our social media properties were targeted today . No user info was compromised . We 're sorry for the inconvenience . " But Snapchat 's response to the incident is shameful . The company attempted to justify its mistake and promised it will change the app to allow opting-out of one feature without any acknowledgment of the damage done to its users or even a commitment to fixing the list of problems identified by the researchers . If this was 2012 , I might be a little more forgiving . Back then most services did n't offer protections like two-factor authentication or those protections were not flexible enough to work for social media accounts . But this is 2014 . All of these social media services offer protection free , designed to prevent this very type of attack . Did n't Skype think the 27 million people who "  liked " them on Facebook and the more than 3 million people who follow them on Twitter deserve to be protected from potentially malicious posts ? Companies that ca n't seem to get enough of our personal information need to be held accountable . The least they can do is be responsible and keep our data safe . The safeguards exist and the tech fixes are not hard . So , what are they waiting for ? For consumers , do n't become complacent to the barrage of announcements explaining how another 5 million records were stolen due to negligence . Demand accountability . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Chester Wisniewski .	SnapChat 's 4.6 million user names and cell phone numbers were posted online Chester Wisniewski : Safeguards exists and tech fixes are easy , so why the breach ? He says Skype , SnapChat have obligation to make sure their services are secure Wisniewski : We must demand accountability from companies to protect our private data
RollingStone  -- Just one week after being released from prison , Lil Wayne has already finished a new song and is ready to put it out . "  We 're trying to put it out , like , tomorrow , " Cortez Bryant , Wayne 's manager , told Rolling Stone . "  We got a crazy song . If not tomorrow , definitely next week . " Photos : Lil Wayne returns to the stage with Drake After spending a few days celebrating , visiting with family and joining Drake onstage in Las Vegas , Wayne settled into Miami 's Hit Factory studio early Tuesday . Mack Maine , president of Wayne 's Young Money label , tweeted , "  It 's official Wayne laid his 1st verse !!!! Torture !!!! " Timeline : The criminal history of Lil Wayne Videographer/DJ Scoob Doo , who was at the session , told MTV News , "  Wayne picked up right where he left off with a 15-hour recording session of nonstop work . " He also tweeted a competition , offering a prize to anyone who could guess how many songs Wayne recorded during the session . Copyright © 2010 Rolling Stone .	"  We got a crazy song -- if -LSB- it 's not out -RSB- tomorrow , definitely next week , " Wayne 's manager says Wayne settled into Miami 's Hit Factory studio Tuesday for a 15-hour recording session The president of Wayne 's label , tweeted , "  It 's official Wayne laid his 1st verse !!!! "
CNN  -- Australia 's bushfires have such a long and destructive history there 's almost no day of the week that has n't been dubbed "  black " or "  ash " to mark a major conflagration . There was Black Thursday in Victoria in 1851 , which destroyed five million hectares and claimed 12 lives -- the first large-scale bushfire in the history of white settlement in Australia . Since then there 's been Red Tuesday in 1898 in Victoria , which consumed 2,000 buildings , Black Friday in Victoria in 1938 that killed 71 and destroyed 3,700 buildings , and Ash Wednesday in the early 1980s that left 71 dead in the state of South Australia . Most recently in 2009 , Black Saturday claimed 173 lives in the state of Victoria in southern Australia -- many of the victims unable to even get the distance of their own driveways before they succumbed to the intense radiant heat generated by a bushfire . Many argue that Australia 's catastrophic bushfires are simply a fact of life on a continent where its flora , heavy with combustible eucalyptus oil , constitute something of a seasonal time bomb . Others say more sinister man-made factors are at work . Changing climate Australia has had a troubled relationship with climate change -- its confused policies on a controversial carbon tax are credited with felling the Labor Party at the last election , while the new government controversially disbanded the country 's Climate Commission -- but scientists say the latest bushfire season may turn up the heat on the climate-change skeptics . While the jury is still out on whether climate change is making conditions perfect for large-scale bushfires , scientists agree that bushfire seasons -- a regular occurrence on the Australian seasonal calendar -- are getting longer and the fires more intense . According to David Bowman , professor of forest ecology at the University of Tasmania , who has studied bushfires for more than 30 years , bushfire behavior is showing signs of change . "  The problem with Australia is that the records are pretty shallow , which makes it really difficult to talk conclusively about any of the fire activity . But when you piece everything together there 's some very convincing evidence . Aggressive fires "  Even the firefighters are reporting really unusual behavior , " said Bowman , adding that firefighters are fighting bigger and more aggressive fires . "  Normally at night -- and this is borne out by firefighters in the United States -- the fire will quell as the temperature cools . But firefighters are saying that because of the heat , bushfires are burning just as fiercely at night . It 's all getting pretty worrying . " He said duration was also a factor that was changing in bushfire behavior . "  It 's no big deal to have a fire in October but to have one that has burned like this for more than a week at this level of intensity is unprecedented . "  We are now looking at really catastrophic fire weather -- for October it just does n't compute . " Anatomy of a bush fire : How Australia 's explosive forest fires work A nation built on fire Fire has been part of the Australian landscape since the dawn of time and its people have used fire as a farming tool for more than 40,000 years . One of the earliest colonial watercolors shows an Aboriginal man gently setting fire to land that now makes up Sydney 's most expensive waterside suburb of Vaucluse . Known as fire-stick farming , this mosaic of fire management systems not only flushed out game such as kangaroos and possums , it created new growth which in turn attracted more game . With indigenous people no longer part of the forest management equation , some scientists argue the fuel load that builds up from Australia 's notoriously combustible vegetation is now one aspect that needs to be addressed . Pyrogeography Meanwhile , the emerging academic discipline of pyrogeography is looking at bushfires in Australia -- not just as a one-off catastrophic event -- but as part of an interconnected whole where forest fires around the world feed climate change and make conditions ripe for the propagation of even more fires . Bowman says that deforestation fires alone -- the fires that have been used to destroy forests since the industrial revolution -- account for about one-fifth of all carbon dioxide committed to the atmosphere . "  That 's a very significant component in global warming , " he said . One thing that is being noticed by scientists is that black carbon from forest fires is landing on ice sheets and accelerating ice melt . Slippery factors "  These are tricky and slippery factors because there are places where feedback from fires is actually causing cooling , especially in places where the loss of forest has caused the snow to lie for longer leading to regional cooling . " Vegetation and natural conditions may change dramatically between New South Wales , Sumatra and California , but one thing these fires all share in common is that they are becoming more regular because the climate is becoming warmer . Bowman said that vegetation in parts of Victoria , which normally completely regenerates over a 50-year cycle , is now being burned as often as three times in the period of one decade . The particles from forest fires , he said , actually inhibit rainfall contributing to regional drying and warming , which creates a weather cycle conducive to fires . The problem for scientists , he added , was in connecting the dots with these patterns . "  It 's like trying to find needles in haystacks . "	Australia has a long history of bushfires that predates white settlement Scientists say that , despite shallow records , bushfire seasons are getting longer Firefighters are reporting that fires are becoming larger and more aggressive One scientist says forest fires around the world are contributing to global warming
CNN  -- A body found in an Indiana lake has been identified as that of Teleka Patrick , the Michigan doctor who 's been missing since December , the Porter County Coroner 's Office confirmed . Her body was discovered Sunday in Lake Charles , west of Gary , Indiana , officials said . The cause and manner of death are still pending further investigation , but are consistent with drowning , the coroner said in a statement Tuesday . An autopsy revealed no trauma , the statement added . Mysterious disappearance The 30-year-old medical resident failed to show up for work on December 6 in Kalamazoo , Michigan . The night before , her 1997 Lexus was discovered abandoned more than 115 miles away in a ditch off of Interstate 94 in Indiana , directly south of the lake where she was ultimately found . Police brought out dogs to track Patrick 's scent . They led investigators out of the ditch where Patrick 's car rested to the highway . There , the scent went cold . "  We looked everywhere , " Sgt. Rick Strong of the Indiana State Police told CNN in December . Videos provide clues Surveillance video and home videos uploaded to YouTube provided investigators with clues about Patrick 's movements in the weeks , days and hours before she vanished . The YouTube videos showed Patrick talking , cooing and singing to someone unnamed and apparently unknown . Patrick 's mother told CNN she was n't aware of any romantic relationship her daughter may have had . But the videos have an intimate feel to them . "  Hi , baby , " Patrick says in one . "  I am just coming to you to say ` hi ' and tell you about my day . " In another video , Patrick shows a table set for two with omelets and pancakes . "  If you were here , this is what would be your plate , " she coos . In a surveillance video from a Radisson hotel in Kalamazoo , not far from where she worked , Patrick is seen on the night of December 5 around 7:30 p.m. , hours before police found her car in Indiana . She spent about 10 minutes talking with employees at the reception desk but ultimately left . There 's no audio on the video , and it 's not clear why Patrick failed to book a room . But at 7:48 p.m. , she strode across the hotel 's tiled floors , out the door and onto a hotel shuttle bus . Those are the last known images of her . Her family says Patrick , who had just moved to Michigan , bought a plane ticket to come visit them for the holidays in Florida . In January , family members urged investigators to remain focused on the possibility that foul play was involved in her disappearance , after reports surfaced that gospel singer Marvin Sapp had filed a personal protection order against Patrick in September . In court documents , Sapp said Patrick "  has claimed him as her husband , had moved from California to Michigan , joined his church , had contacted his children and had been to his home . "  I have at least 400 pages of correspondence from her which I have never responded , " his complaint reads . Questions remain While the discovery of Patrick 's body answers some questions , it leaves many more unanswered for the grieving family of a young doctor described as "  wonderful , " "  beautiful " and "  talented . " Investigators have said they have no evidence of foul play , but they also do n't have conclusive evidence that Patrick 's movements on December 5 were voluntary . "  We have scoured , searched and looked at everything we could possibly look at -- all the exits , all the businesses , all the hotels , " Strong said late last year . "  We posted fliers ; we talked to neighbors  who live near the highway  . We did a full-blown , on-the-ground search in the wooded area north of where the car was . " Carl Clatterback , a private investigator hired by Patrick 's family , told CNN that investigators are looking into the videos . A central question : Who was Patrick talking to in the videos and does that person know anything about what happened to her ? CNN 's Tiffany Campbell and Julia Lull contributed to this report .	Body of the 30-year-old medical resident discovered in Indiana lake April 6 Patrick failed to show up for work in Michigan December 6 Investigators combing through 20 minutes of YouTube and surveillance video Family , investigators trying to piece together what happened
InStyle.com  -- Objective : Find a fabulous but not outrageously priced gift for the label-loving fashionista on your holiday list . This seemingly daunting task is no problem , with InStyle.com 's seven stylish picks . Marc Jacobs Geo Ring Set Slipping into something by one of her favorite designers has never been so easy  or affordable !  than with these geometric stackable plastic rings from Marc Jacobs  $ 11 for a set of 3 , marcjacobs.com for stores  . Chanel Nail Polish Trio Chanel nail polishes are practically collector 's items , with their newest shades often selling out before they hit stores thanks to pre-order wait lists . Fortunately this set  $ 66 , chanel.com  includes three full-size bottles of iconic Chanel shades Rouge Noir , Gold Lamé and Coromandel , plus a reusable makeup bag . InStyle.com : 14 perfect stocking stuffers Diane von Furstenberg Kindle Holder Make sure her techie accessories look as good as she does with a canvas Diane von Furstenberg Kindle holder  $ 85 , dvf.com  . Not only does it feature a cute poppy print on the outside , the inside is lined with hot pink and features convenient credit card holders . Valentino Rosette Handbag Valentino 's iconic rose handbags are hard to resist , and this adorable mini version  $ 325 , saksfifthavenue.com  is at the top of our own list . Remove the chain link strap to turn it into a party-ready clutch . InStyle.com : Gifts guys will love Louis Vuitton Key Chain While losing keys will never be fun , finding them can be more chic ! Deliver a lot of Louis Vuitton style in a little package with this resin LV monogram keychain  $ 310 , select Louis Vuitton stores  . Tom Ford Black Orchid Trio Legendary designer Tom Ford 's inaugural namesake women 's line does n't hit stores until early next year , so tide her over with this Black Orchid Trio  $ 140 , Bloomingdale 's  from the former Gucci creative director 's makeup collection . The boxed set includes his first ever nail polish , along with a matching lipstick and a compact filled with Black Orchid pressed perfume . InStyle.com : Gifts that give back ` American Dior ' Add to her fashion library with this gorgeous coffee table book  $ 70 , horchow.com  that chronicles Christian Dior 's dressing of America 's most glamorous women , like Marilyn Monroe , Grace Kelly and Elizabeth Taylor . Find even more perfect gift ideas at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2010 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	It is possible to find a moderately-priced gift for your fashionista friend A three-piece ring set from Marc Jacobs will only cost you $ 11 For the bookworm on your list , "  American Dior " is a fashionable find
On his way home from a trip to Colombia , marriage equality advocate Hunter Carter discovered another way to fight for his rights . Carter and husband Cesar Zapata stepped up to the American Airlines ticket counter in Medellin , Colombia , expecting to undergo a preflight security screening together , just like heterosexual married couples . That did n't happen , even though the United States Supreme Court struck down part of the Defense of Marriage Act in late June , allowing for some federal recognition of same-sex marriage rights . The Transportation Security Administration 's rules had not been updated when the couple flew home from Colombia on January 18 , a story first reported in the Washington Blade . With the exception of husbands and wives , and parents and their children younger than 13 , airlines flying into the United States from certain countries have to screen travelers individually under TSA rules . That appears to be changing . The TSA is updating its language , an agency spokesman confirmed Thursday . Because they were not a heterosexual married couple , American Airlines agents refused to screen Zapata and Carter together before issuing their boarding passes , Carter said . One rudely ordered Zapata back in line , Carter said . "  We knew this had happened to another couple but did n't believe it could happen to us , " said Carter , a partner at the New York law office of Arent Fox . American Airlines confirmed the two men were screened separately . Employees were following TSA security rules , said Bob Witeck , president of Witeck Communications , who consults with American on LGBT issues . Within hours of the incident , the couple took to Twitter and Facebook to report the incident . Carter also contacted the White House LGBT liaison and two members of Congress to ask the TSA to update its airline screening questions . "  TSA is working to make clear any confusion in language included in the Aircraft Operator Standard Security Program document , " wrote a TSA spokesman , via e-mail . "  TSA policy is for every attempt to be made to accommodate all families traveling together . " The agency declined to discuss any more specifics of its security procedures . "  I 'm thrilled how quickly people decided this is wrong , " said Carter . "  It 's a sign of the times that American executives at the corporate level wanted to stamp this out fast . " The change appears to be immediate at American Airlines , Carter said , citing an e-mail he received from an airline lawyer : "  TSA has communicated to our Corporate Security folks that they are working on a technical change to its directive , and that , pending that change , we can immediately begin screening same-sex spouses together . We are working on communicating this change in procedures to our stations ASAP . " American is happy to implement the TSA change , said Witeck . "  For two decades , American Airlines has been a leader in LGBT equality , and now with DOMA 's repeal , outdated rules that treat married couples differently can come tumbling down , " said Witeck . "  A seemingly small but crucial equality milestone for all travelers . " It wo n't be too long before Carter and Zapata will test the change . They have a second home in Colombia , and they 're flying back in March for a wedding . "  I expect us to be treated like every other legally married couple , " said Carter . "  When they ask , ` Why are you together ? ' I will say , ` We 're legally married . ' We expect them to give us our boarding passes , and we 'll move on . "	Gay couple did n't expect to be separated for airline security screening Heterosexual married couples can answer the preflight questions together TSA says it is changing its guidance for airlines flying into the United States
CNN Student News  -- October 8 , 2014 Today 's edition of CNN Student News takes you from the depths of the sea to the skies over Europe . We cover undersea mapping in the Indian Ocean , a disappearing lake in Central Asia , and a view of Paris that 's strictly for the birds . Plus , find out how the ISIS terrorist group manages to fund itself despite ongoing airstrikes by the U.S.-led coalition . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
The Frisky  -- Election tension is boiling over ; it seems like everyone from the office blowhard to the person in front of you at the post office is spouting off opinions that make your blood boil . But what happens when the one disagreeing with you shares your bedroom ? Here are ten tips to help you make it to November 4 without resorting to the taser gun : 1 . Assess the situation : While one of you might not care that much , the other might be eating , drinking , and sneezing the party line . Acknowledge who feels most strongly , who 's just having fun , and whether or not thoughtful discourse is as likely as pigs  with or without lipstick !  flying . 2 . Find common ground : Establish that you each are trying to do what you think is best to move this country forward . Maybe you can even agree on an issue or two , and join forces in talking about your mutual passion .  Note : this becomes less effective if you see eye-to-eye only about oatmeal tariffs . 3 . Establish boundaries : Maybe it 's no political talk at the table or no ranting email forwards from Aunt Phyllis . You might even agree that you 'll freeze discussion if one of you cries for mercy  a "  safe " word is good for this : who knew that political arguments were so much like S & M ?  Either way , ground rules are essential to keep things from getting ugly . 4 . R-E-S-P-E-C-T : Now 's the time to channel your inner Miss Manners . Offensive taunts , passive-aggressive digs and -- most certainly -- flying fondue pots are all out of the question . 5 . Do n't overpersonalize : Your beloved is still , for the most part , who he always was . And the vast majority of those qualities have nothing to do with who gets his hanging chad in the voting booth . 6 . Drive to distraction : Now is the time to take up cooking together , not to spend all night with Wolf Blitzer . Choose a classic movie over debate analysis and your 80s playlist over talk radio . And do n't even think of bringing your guy to that fundraiser ! 7 . Find your outlet : If it helps you to hang out in partisan chat rooms all day , have at it . Just make sure you know the difference between blowing off steam and getting yourself worked up , or you 're liable to be worse off than you started . 8 . Keep it out of the bedroom : Say good night without politics -- unless , of course , the conflict adds some spice ! But ixnay on the bouffant wig and red glasses ... . as well as the Joe Biden undies . 9 . Make an election night plan : Whether you 'll be at viewing parties in opposite cities or side-by-side with earpieces and laptops , agree in advance whether you 'll spend the evening , and morning , together . Avoid the potential pitfall of letting the night unfold spontaneously -- after all , one of you will be stewing while the other is squealing . 10 . Do a reality check : For every couple engaged in a playful red-versus-blue showdown , there 's another that must acknowledge red flags about opposing world views . Do n't minimize what might be a larger problem of philosophical incompatibility -- or it could be a very long four years to come . TM & © 2008 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	If you 're in a mixed political party marriage , this could be a tense time Find common ground or avoid political battles over dinner table Do n't hurl taunts or forward political e-mail rants from Aunt Phyllis Choose classic movie over talk radio , perhaps take up cooking class
CNN  If death is the big sleep , as it is sometimes called , is there anything wrong with a dying person choosing a medically induced smaller sleep -- deep sedation -- to avoid the pain of a terminal illness ? Is it OK for a patient to choose to spend his or her final days on this mortal coil in what would amount to a medically induced coma ? Or is it simply euthanasia in disguise ? Members of the French Parliament offered resounding support Tuesday for the proposition that is should be permissible for doctors to induce sleep until death in terminally ill patients who are in pain . They approved a bill allowing that by a vote of 436-34 . There were , however , 83 lawmakers who declined to vote -- a measure of just how contentious the issue has been . The bill goes now to the French Senate . Should it become law , doctors would be allowed to administer "  deep sedation until death " to terminally ill patients who request it , and for whom palliative care would not ease the pain . The law would also allow doctors who have stopped life-saving measures to administer deep sedation , if they deem it appropriate , to terminally ill patients who are unable to give their consent . "  Everyone has the right to a death that is dignified and soothed , " the proposed law says . And health professionals , it continues , should "  implement all the means at their disposal to fulfill this right . " What the law entails , according to Jean Leonetti , the member of Parliament who proposed it , is simple : "  Sleep before death to avoid suffering . " What it also entails is legal protection for doctors who , in fact , already sedate some dying patients , and who are sometimes taken to court by relatives as a result . Euthanasia is illegal in France , though President Francois Hollande promised in his 2012 campaign that he would reopen the issue . Polls show that more than 90 % of French people support the proposal -- an astonishing majority for any proposal -- and Hollande has said it would represent a big step forward . But , as might be predicted , the proposed law has proved divisive in the extreme . Some lawmakers on the left of the political spectrum said in advance they would abstain from Tuesday 's vote because they thought the bill did not go far enough toward legalizing euthanasia . And some on the right said they , too , would abstain , because they saw the law is a way of legalizing euthanasia in disguise . CNN 's Jim Bittermann in Paris contributed to this report	French Parliament approves Tuesday a bill that would allow doctors to put patients under deep sedation until they die Critics call the proposed law euthanasia in disguise More than 90 % of French people support the bill
Washington  CNN  -- A civilian mortician who was recently demoted for misconduct in handling remains of the U.S. military 's war dead has resigned , the U.S. Office of Special Counsel said Friday . Quinton "  Randy " Keel , who worked at the U.S. military mortuary in Dover , Delaware , was among three supervisors who "  illegally tried to suppress  three employees '  disclosures and punish them for their whistleblowing " about mismanagement and mishandling of human remains , the independent federal investigative and prosecutorial agency said in a statement . "  It is not surprising that Mr. Keel chose to resign , " the agency said . "  The Office of Special Counsel 's report of investigation , which will be made public in mid-March and which the Air Force received in late January , found that Mr. Keel retaliated against the whistleblowers . " The special counsel 's office is awaiting the final decisions by senior U.S. Air Force officials on disciplinary action for the two other supervisors , who remain on staff , the agency said . The office has been investigating claims by three of the whistleblowers that the Air Force retaliated against them for bringing up the problems , in one case attempting to terminate the employment of one of them . "  The government needs to listen to employees who come forward with serious allegations of wrongdoing , " Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said in a statement . "  And it needs to take disciplinary action when supervisors suppress or punish whistleblowers . Failure to do so sends a chilling message . " In November , a Defense Department official confirmed that Keel , a civilian , was demoted to a non-supervisory job and was working in another area at Dover outside the mortuary . Another civilian , Trevor Dean , a mortician and funeral director there , was transferred to a non-supervisory job . Col. Robert Edmonson , the mortuary commander between January 2009 and October 2010 when the incident occurred , was issued a letter of reprimand . A year-long Air Force investigation into whistleblowers ' 14 allegations of wrongdoing involving four U.S. service members killed in action found that Quinn sawed off the arm of a dead Marine without consulting the Marine 's family . The body was being prepared for viewing by his family and had a badly damaged arm , whose bone had fused at a 90-degree angle , a Pentagon official said . The Air Force found no wrongdoing and officials say preparing badly damaged bodies can be very difficult . But the federal Office of Special Counsel , which also investigated the matter , said the family should have been notified , according to a statement issued by that office Tuesday . In November , U.S. Air Force investigators found "  serious misconduct " in the handling of remains of the nation 's war dead at the Dover Air Force Base Mortuary , special counsel 's office said . Air Force Chief of Staff Gen. Norton Schwartz referred to "  gross mismanagement " in some aspects of the mortuary 's operations . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta appointed a panel to review operations at the Dover mortuary , Schwartz said then . The Air Force investigation confirmed several of the allegations from whisteblowers , including several instances in which portions of remains from troops killed in action were lost or unaccounted for . It included losing an ankle that had been in storage and some bags that held other body parts and remains . A Pentagon official confirmed that elements of the Army and Air Force were criticized for shipping fetal remains from military families to Dover in cardboard boxes . At a news conference in November , Schwartz said the investigation began after allegations from three employees "  became known to us . " He did not identify the employees or their positions . But the report from the Office of Special Counsel identified the three as James Parsons , Mary Ellen Spera , and William Zwicharowski . The Air Force said all three are still employed by Dover Air Force Base . "  The fundamental result of the investigation was that senior Air Force mortuary operations affairs officials did not meet standards in that they failed to act with clear indications that processes and procedures ... were inadequate to ensure accountability of remains , " Schwartz said in November . He said among their findings , investigators "  concluded that the loss of two specific portions of remains constituted gross mismanagement . " Those two cases involved the remains of an Army soldier and those of an Air Force airman . "  In one case we have reason to believe that the remains were properly disposed of ; in the second case , we can not make that argument . It is simply unknown what happened to the second set of remains , " Schwartz said . "  This gross mismanagement dealt with the fact that ... supervisors , of which there were three , failed to properly perceive and then act upon ... clear indications that there were systemic issues with respect to accountability of remains in the mortuary . " Special Counsel Carolyn Lerner said in November that the Air Force had n't taken "  sufficient disciplinary action against the officials responsible for wrongdoing , " according to an OSC statement . But Schwartz said last year that he did not believe the situations cited in the report were intentional . He emphasized that "  this was difficult work , 24/7 . And while their performance did not meet standards , this was not a deliberate act , in my personal view . " The Air Force said in November that it is improving procedures at Dover but admitted that "  the mortuary staff failed to maintain accountability while processing remains for three service members . " "  While it is likely that the disposition of remains was by appropriate method , it could not be shown that it was in accordance with the families ' directions , " the Air Force said in a statement in November . Panetta noted that "  one of the Department 's most sacred responsibilities is ensuring that the remains of our fallen heroes are recovered and returned to their families with the honor and dignity they have earned . "  I was deeply disturbed to learn about questions involving the possibilities of improper handling and preparation of remains of four service members at the Air Force 's Dover Port Mortuary , " Panetta said in a statement last year . The Office of Special Counsel said last year that while the Air Force investigation "  confirmed most of the whistleblower 's factual allegations , " it "  nonetheless failed to admit wrongdoing . " "  The Air Force did , however , respond positively by changing numerous practices at the mortuary , " the OSC said in a statement . The OSC said that in the incidents in which "  three body parts of service members killed while on active duty were lost by the Port Mortuary , " the Air Force acknowledged its "  negligent failure , " but "  still concluded that there was no obligation to notify the families . " The OSC also criticized last year the handling of some fetal remains from military families that "  were shipped to Dover inside plastic pails , which were in turn placed in non-reinforced , used cardboard boxes , even though military guidelines require that remains be treated with ` reverence , care and dignity . ' "  The Air Force acknowledged that this handling was ` substandard ' and that it ` was n't very dignified , ' but nevertheless said the remains were afforded the requisite reverence , care and dignity , " an OSC statement said . The remains of those killed in Iraq and Afghanistan have regularly been flown to Dover since the wars began . More than 6,300 deceased individuals have been returned there . Due to combat injuries , remains are often difficult to identify and officials have long acknowledged that Dover does retain some human remains and parts that are so damaged they are not possible to identify . "  The mortuary for the United State military should boast the best conditions and best practices of any mortuary , " Lerner said . "  These events are deeply troubling , as is the Air Force 's failure to acknowledge culpability . " In a letter to President Obama , the OSC said the report "  demonstrates a pattern of the Air Force 's failure to acknowledge culpability for wrongdoing relating to the treatment of remains of service members and their dependents . While the report reflects a willingness to find paperwork violations and errors , with the exception of the cases of missing portions , the findings stop short of accepting accountability for failing to handle remains with the requisite ` reverence , care , and dignity befitting them and the circumstances . ' " The Air Force has contacted families of the war dead and Schwartz has asked Panetta for an independent assessment of mortuary operations at Dover . Former Surgeon General Richard Carmona was to lead that investigation and provide a report to Panetta . Schwartz said that he and Air Force Secretary Michael Donley "  have taken personal responsibility for this . " "  I want to assure our men and women in uniform , and the American public , that the Air Force mortuary standards they expect for our fallen heroes are being met , " Schwartz said in a statement . The Air Force has set up a toll free number for the families of fallen service members to call if they have questions about the investigation . They can call 1 855 637 2583 or e-mail dover.pm@pentagon.af.mil . CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr reported from Washington and Michael Martinez , from Los Angeles .	Quinton "  Randy " Keel was a civilian mortician at Dover Air Force Mortuary He sawed off the arm of a dead Marine without consulting the family He was a supervisor who "  illegally " tried to punish whistleblowers , investigators say Officials are awaiting Air Force decisions on the two other supervisors
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- One of Chicago 's most well-known real estate moguls appears to have shot himself to death , police said . Steven Good was found dead of an apparent self-inflicted gunshot Monday , police said . The body of Steven L. Good was found in his Jaguar on Monday . The car was spotted in a parking lot of a wildlife preserve in Kane County , Illinois , just outside Chicago , authorities said . No note was found , and police say they do not know how long the 52-year-old had been in the vehicle . Good was the chairman and chief executive officer of Sheldon Good & Co. , a major U.S. real estate auction company . The death comes amid great turmoil in the country 's real estate industry . In his role as chairman of the Realtors Commercial Alliance Committee , Good commented on tough conditions last month at a business conference . On a memorial blog set up by the Chicago Association of Realtors , for which Good once served as president , friends and colleagues described him as a gregarious man with a big personality . He was a savvy businessman who built his company into a major national real estate company that did deals with Donald Trump , they said . "  It is testimony to Steve 's leadership that Sheldon Good & Co. remains well-positioned for the future , " said Sheldon Good President Alan R. Kravets . "  The guy was a true blue Realtor , " said Barbara Matthopoulos , the association 's spokeswoman . She was new to real estate when she met Good more than a year ago . He took time to give her advice that has helped her grow to love the business . "  Anybody who knew him would speak to his leadership , his generosity , his attitude . The guy was just very positive , always smiling , always telling you a story . He was engaged . Everyone is really very shocked , " she said . "  I doubt anyone could help explain why this happened . " Kane County Sheriff 's Department spokesman Lt. Pat Gengler said authorities do n't have any "  concrete evidence if this had anything to do with his finances . " The company was founded by Good 's father , Sheldon Good , in 1965 , according to the firm 's Web site . Steven Good had "  been involved in the sale of more than $ 4 billion of real estate , including commercial , office , retail , industrial , residential , and vacant land sites , " it says . "  Mr. Good is the driving force behind the expansion of the company , which has been ranked as the largest firm in the United States exclusively conducting real estate auctions . " Good , who was also an attorney , wrote a book , "  Churches , Jails and Gold Mines : Mega-Deals From a Real Estate Maverick . " According to Amazon.com , Donald Trump wrote the afterword . The first chapter begins , "  Our auction company is to the real estate business what Sotheby 's and Christie 's is the fine art and collectibles business . " The book goes to say that as of its 2003 publication , the firm had sold 40,000 properties totaling $ 8 billion . "  If you lined up 1,000 people and said pick the one that might do this to themselves , he would be the last person I would choose , " said Wayne Caplan , who worked at Sheldon Good for six years and knew Steven Good personally . "  He had a zest for life . He has a wife and kids and he had so much in his life . "	Steven L. Good was found dead of an apparent gunshot wound in his car Monday Good was a well-known real estate businessman in Chicago Friends , family shocked , saddened by what police say appears to be a suicide
Thanks to climate change , you 'll be more likely to get struck by lightning as the years pass , scientists say . Make that 50 % more likely for those who are around at the end of the century . "  With warming , thunderstorms become more explosive , " says University of California Berkeley climate scientist David Romps . He and his colleagues studied 11 climate models to arrive at their calculations , which they published in Friday 's issue of the journal Science . The logic is simple . More warmth equals more water vapor in the air , which is the fuel for thunderstorms . That equals more lightning and more of it zapping the ground . And people standing on it . 15 electrifying lightning photos The current odds of becoming a human lightning rod in one 's lifetime come in at around 1 in 12,000 , the National Weather Service roughly estimates . If Romps and his colleague are right , those odds would slim to 1 in 8,000 by the year 2100 . Certainly , many people are satisfied to live with that level of personal risk . But Romps offers for consideration that lightning strikes also spark half of all wildfires . And fires caused by lightning are harder to put out , he says . While working up the long-term predictions , Romps and his colleagues came upon a useful way of predicting the frequency of lightning strikes in the here and now . They found they could determine fluctuations in that frequency if they knew the amount of precipitation falling and the speed and occurrence of "  convective clouds " rising high into the atmosphere . Then they studied the 11 models on projected global temperature increases to predict how much these two factors should surge in the distant future , resulting in more lightning strikes if carbon dioxide emissions continue on their current path .	Warming means more water vapor in the air , says UC-Berkeley climate scientist Study using 11 climate models is reported in the latest issue of the journal Science Scientist David Romps : Lightning strikes will be 50 % more common by century 's end More lightning striking the ground means more people hit , more wildfires , he says
CNN  -- Two years ago , the Supreme Court upended the rules for campaign finance , unleashing a tsunami of unregulated , unrestricted and undisclosed spending that has , in effect , allowed donors to buy elections . The full impact of this decision is just now becoming clear , and it 's bad both for America 's businesses and for our democracy . By a 5-4 majority , the Supreme Court affirmed that money is essentially speech -- a notion first addressed in Buckley v. Valeo in 1976 -- and it outlawed nearly all restrictions on independent spending by corporations or other groups , including unions , to influence elections . Such restrictions are unconstitutional violations of free speech , the court said , and are prohibited by the First Amendment . You might expect business owners to welcome the elimination of these restrictions , but if so , you 're about to be surprised . A recent poll conducted by Lake Research found that 66 % of a random sample of 500 small-business owners believe the Citizens United decision was "  mostly bad " or "  somewhat bad " for small business . Since small businesses create 70 % of new jobs in the private sector , according to the Small Business Administration , their view should matter a lot . The poll was commissioned by the American Sustainable Business Council , the Main Street Alliance , and Small Business Majority -- three groups that represent the views of small business and which have a combined membership of more than 100,000 small businesses nationwide . The poll tapped the views of 500 small-business owners nationwide , most of whom are not members of the organizations conducting the survey . In addition to taking a dim view of Citizens United , 88 % of the small-business owners in the poll had a negative view of the role money plays in politics .  The margin of error in the poll is plus or minus 4.4 percentage points . Do small donations still matter in politics ? Tell us what you think . Small-business owners believe in our market-based , capitalist system , which depends on open and robust competition . Unlimited campaign spending undermines this competition , in three crucial ways . First , allowing unlimited money into politics allows the past to hold the future hostage . Companies  and individuals who own them  with sufficient resources to sway elections often represent the industries and companies of the past , rather than the industries and companies that are creating the future . The evidence on this is indirect , because since Citizens United was announced less than a year before the last federal election , its impact has not yet been fully felt or measured . However , we can gauge its future impact by looking at lobbying expenditures , for which multiyear data is widely available . For the period 2008-2011 , the computer and Internet industry -- a wellspring of innovation -- spent $ 458 million on lobbying , according to the Center for Responsive Politics , while the energy and natural resources industry spent more than three times as much : $ 1.55 billion . The ratio for election-related spending , post Citizens United , will likely be similar . Second , allowing unlimited money in politics allows the big to achieve an unfair advantage over the small . This is ironic in light of the huge role small business plays in creating private sector jobs in America , even as some large corporations act as net destroyers of American jobs , when outsourcing and offshoring are factored in . For example , this kind of money in politics gives power to the push by big companies to repatriate offshore profits , giving some big and profitable multinational corporations lower effective tax rates than the grocer on Main Street . Moreover , unlimited contributions give major Wall Street firms the edge over community banks , because the big banks can win loan guarantees , taxpayer bailouts and deeply discounted borrowing rates that smaller banks ca n't touch . Third , allowing unlimited money in politics allows companies to collect IOUs for special favors from presidential candidates -- particularly as a result of contributions made early in the election season , when a few million dollars can swing the result in a small state like New Hampshire . America 's small-business owners embrace competition -- but they demand the competition be open , robust and vigorous . They do n't want to be whipped by big corporations that bought an unfair advantage from senators , congressional representatives and other elected officials . When that happens , it 's bad for business and America . Many solutions have been proposed , ranging from the Supreme Court reversing its decision , to legislation , to a constitutional amendment . Momentum for change is growing , as candidates from both political parties learn what it 's like to have a campaign with broad public support crushed by a single individual with deep pockets who steps in to help the other side . Citizens United is an assault on our economy , which is supposed to be based on vigorous , free and open competition . It 's time for us to reinvigorate our economy by getting government out of the protection racket , and preventing industries and companies from buying special favors . We must undo the damage wrought by Citizens United . Follow CNN Opinion on Twitter . Join the conversation on Facebook . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Brodwin .	David Brodwin says Citizens United ruling is bad for small businesses He says poll found that most small businesses do n't like role of money in politics He says that role favors old , moneyed industries , not new ones that drive innovation Brodwin : Campaign spending has un-American effect of stifling competition
CNN  -- Golf fans from around the world will have a chance to make history at next month 's PGA Championship with just a click of a button . Fans have been given the unique opportunity to design part of the course setup by deciding just where to place the pin on the par-three 15th at Oak Hill Country Club , Rochester , New York . An online poll offers four different positions for the pin on the 181-yard hole , which is downhill with a narrow green , surrounded by water and two bunkers . The "  PGA Championship Pick the Hole Location Challenge " is hosted by Jack Nicklaus , who won the final of his five PGA championships at Oakhill in 1980 . "  The chance for golf fans to interact with the PGA Championship and play a role in shaping the outcome of the final round fascinates me , " Nicklaus told the PGA 's official website . "  It 's like being able to call the shots during the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl . In addition to playing a key role in the outcome of the Championship , golf fans can learn many aspects of on-course strategy , as the PGA of America and I present educational videos to enhance their golf experience . "  I believe this new concept will serve as an exciting hands-on learning experience for golf fans and I 'm happy to be involved . " Voting finishes on August 10 -- the day before Rory McIlroy begins the defense of his title . PGA President Ted Bishop believes the social media interaction will help boost the profile of golf 's final major of the season . "  The PGA of America is delighted to present this innovative opportunity , as we believe this is the first time that consumers have been able to make a direct and significant impact on a global sports arena , " said Bishop . "  We are honored that the legendary Jack Nicklaus will lead fans as their host and teacher in understanding the nuances that the greatest players in golf consider and think about regarding course setup and hole locations -- and the effect their selection will have on the eventual outcome of the 95th PGA Championship . " Read : Mickelson savors his ` greatest day ' Meanwhile , England 's Lee Westwood will hope to finally break his major duck at Oak Hill after squandering a glorious opportunity a the Open Championship . Westwood threw away a two-shot lead at Muirfield allowing Phil Mickelson to roar up the leaderboard and snatch victory . "  Obviously , I was a little bit disappointed not to play well on the last day and to win the Open Championship , but as a golfer , you have to take the positives out whenever you can , " he told reporters . "  You do n't win very often and it was a top-three  finish  in another major championship . I did n't feel like I had my best game but I still had a two-shot lead going into the final round , so that 's a positive . "	Golf fans given chance to have direct role in course setup at Oak Hill Country Club Will be able to vote online for one of four pins at the par-three 15th at next month 's major Jack Nicklaus to help voters with words of advice ahead of season 's final major The 95th PGA Championship set to take place from August 8-11
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- Sectarian rioting broke out in eastern Belfast late Monday , with leaders from both Catholic and Protestant communities reporting attacks on homes overnight . Police reported Molotov cocktails were being thrown as a large crowd gathered on the streets that separate Catholic and Protestant neighborhoods in the area , a longstanding Northern Ireland flash point . Ambulance services reported two people injured early Tuesday , and reporters attempting to cover the disturbances were threatened . The Irish republican party Sinn Fein said up to 100 masked men raided Catholic-owned homes in the Short Strand neighborhood after allegations by unionist politicians that Protestant homes were attacked Sunday . Police had no information on any of Sunday 's reported attacks . Sinn Fein blamed the attacks on Catholics on members of the Ulster Volunteer Force , a loyalist paramilitary group that officially disarmed in 2009 . Police had no immediate comment on the assertion . After a long period of quiet in its ongoing "  Troubles " between Catholics and Protestants , Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months . Tensions also are typically elevated in early summer , when Protestant groups hold commemorative marches to celebrate the 17th-century victory of England 's King William III over his Catholic predecessor , James II .	Molotov cocktails mark east Belfast clashes Ambulance services report two injured Northern Ireland has seen a resurgence of violence in recent months
CNN  -- Ever since Robin Williams ' turn as the Genie in "  Aladdin , " voice artists who specialize in character work for animated movies have been sidelined by celebrities , no doubt tickled to do something they can show to their children . Jack Black tackles the voice of an energetic panda in the animated feature "  Kung Fu Panda . " DreamWorks Animation especially has invested in star power -- though the studio 's rationale must be to flatter an older , media-savvy audience .  After all , it 's the place that teamed Robert De Niro and Martin Scorsese in "  Shark Tale " and loaded the "  Shrek " franchise with the dulcet tones of Mike Myers , Eddie Murphy , Cameron Diaz and Antonio Banderas .  Too often though , DreamWorks movies coast on lazy pop cultural references in place of the deeper story and character development found in Pixar productions . "  Kung Fu Panda " goes a step further . It 's essentially an old-fashioned star vehicle , a virtual Jack Black movie that saves us the dubious pleasure of watching the real Jack Black doing the splits .  If you doubt that he could , check out the gravity-defying stunts an effects-enhanced Adam Sandler is capable of in "  You Do n't Mess With the Zohan . " Or , on second thought , just take my word for it . Black is Po , a tubby panda who dreams of kung fu "  awesomeness " but whose career prospects boil down to inheriting his father 's noodle stand . That is , until doddery turtle Master Oogway  Randall Duk Kim  baffles everyone by anointing Po the "  Dragon Warrior , " a champion who will defend the valley from the wrath of mighty snow leopard Tai Lung  Ian McShane  . This inexplicable appointment not only threatens the safety of the entire community , it infuriates Oogway 's small ratlike lieutenant , Shifu  a petulant Dustin Hoffman  , who has dedicated himself to grooming a group called the Furious Five for just this task : Tigress  Angelina Jolie  , Monkey  Jackie Chan  , Mantis  Seth Rogen  , Viper  Lucy Liu  and Crane  David Cross  . iReport.com : Share your review of "  Kung Fu Panda " How can a chubby novice such as Po compete with these fierce warriors , let alone his former protégé , Tai Lung ? Shifu puts Po through the wringer in the hope that he 'll see sense and quit , but along with his prodigious appetite for chop suey , it turns out the panda is also quite the glutton for punishment . In other words , this is a fortune cookie variation that heroic slacker Black has played many times before : Po may look out of shape , but what he lacks in strength , discipline and intelligence , he more than makes up for in gut  s  . You do n't mess with the Po , man . The action tends to blur into a whirlwind of slapstick chaos . Choreography of kung fu between a snake or a mantis and a leopard may be too anatomically mindboggling to animate in greater detail . Bruce Lee was fast , but at least he had hands . The highlight is Po 's breakthrough training bout with Shifu , a brilliantly inventive comic tour de force built around a solitary dumpling . Directed by Mark Osborne and John Stevenson , the film is brisk and businesslike , with an appropriately ersatz Chinatown look , but it does n't betray any personality beyond Black 's . Not that he is n't engaging , but it seems a waste of resources that Chan , Rogen , Liu and Jolie share about a dozen lines between them . "  Kung Fu Panda " is fun as far as it goes , but unless you 're 12 , you 'll be hankering for something a bit more substantial half an hour after it 's over . "  Kung Fu Panda " is rated PG and runs 95 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's much more laudatory take , click here .	"  Kung Fu Panda " is a virtual Jack Black vehicle , says reviewer Tom Charity Animated film is about panda picked as chosen one to defend valley Black has plenty to do , but rest of name cast wasted , reviewer says
CNN  -- Prom night sends most teen girls on a dizzying quest for the perfect dress , accessories and hairstyle to make their ensemble complete . On her prom night , Jennifer DeFreece was harried by one simple detail : "  I just wanted eyebrows for my prom pictures . " When she was just a baby , DeFreece was diagnosed with alopecia totalis , an autoimmune disease that results in the total loss of scalp hair . By her 1st birthday , she 'd lost all of her hair . "  I was like Charlie Brown , " says DeFreece , now 33 and living in Northridge , California . Alopecia is nondiscriminatory . It can occur in men and women at any age and is a strictly physical disease , but sufferers say it 's also a disease of the spirit , exacting a devastating emotional toll in this world of silky shampoo commercials and Rapunzel fairy tales . For those who experience it , particularly women who often self-identify with the color and style of their locks , it 's about learning to manage the disease and not be defined by it . They choose a way to self-present : wig , no wig , clean shaven or a little of each . DeFreece ventured into wearing wigs in kindergarten as the childish innocence of her peers grew more inquisitive and uncensored . She continued to do so throughout junior high . At the time , the wigs available were "  very obvious , " she says . Before then , being bald never seemed taboo ; it was her normal . Then came sleepover age : A girl insisted DeFreece put a housecoat over the pillow where she would rest her head . To that girl , baldness was gross . In those years , DeFreece says she became more shy and hyperaware about what made her different . "  I hated it . I would wish that my hair would grow back , " DeFreece says . In high school , when she realized people might make fun of her anyway , she took one a giant leap toward self-awareness : She decided to ditch the hairpiece and embrace the beauty of bald . Brave middle schooler tells peers she 's bald "  I thought , ` Let them make fun of somebody with a medical condition , let 's see what happens , ' " she says . The response was mature : People backed off and even stood up for her . Learning to value yourself and not your hair According to the National Institute of Arthritis and Musculoskeletal and Skin Diseases , a big part of the coping process is about "  learning to value yourself for who you are , not for how much hair you have or do n't have . " Sue McHale is a psychology lecturer at Sheffield Hallam University in England , and has extensively researched the psychological toll of the disease , including co-authoring the book , "  Coping with Alopecia . " "  Baldness , for whatever reason , is associated firstly with aging and secondly with illness , " McHale said in an e-mail . "  So society is automatically shocked or fearful of this . " McHale 's co-researcher and husband , Nigel Hunt , has alopecia universalis , the rarest form of the disease , one that results in total loss of body hair .  The most common form of alopecia is alopecia areata , which causes the hair to fall out in patches . When McHale found there was hardly any psychological research done on the disease , they dug in . "  It opened up a floodgate of responses and many said that they felt no one had been listening to them for years , " she says . It was no longer just a physical diagnosis . She says their research found that there was a perception from both sexes that it was worse for women ; that it seemed more acceptable for men to appear bald . However , both men and women with alopecia are n't opting to go bald -- "  it is forced upon them , so in that way , they respond to it very much in the same way , " she says . Those who are balding or are born with a hairless pate can experience embarrassment , hopelessness , hastiness for a "  quick fix , " and , if a wig wearer , the fear that others might find out that their hair actually is n't their own . She found a man who did n't care about hair For Lauren Crawford , 29 , that feeling came to a head on a first date in high school . After a few previous dates did n't handle her diagnosis so well , she decided to lay it all out on the table that very first night , warning him that she had something to confess . " ` If you want to walk out the door , that 's OK , ' " she remembers saying . "  Oh thank God , " her date responded . "  That 's it ?! " Crawford , of Macomb , Michigan , has been married to the man to whom she made that first-date confession for five years . Crawford , like DeFreece , received a diagnosis early on in life -- at 3 -- but did n't see more serious aspects of the disease , especially psychologically , until her senior year in high school . "  I did n't think anything of it , " she says . Seeing a bald woman was n't out of her realm of experience ; her grandmother was going through chemotherapy at the same time . As her hairline changed rapidly in her teen years , she sought solace in scrunchies and scarves . When those no longer did the job , she and her mom went wig shopping . Her friends at the time started to call her "  Baldy " and tugged at her hair . She admits feeling like she would never get married and never have kids . Now , she has both -- and an unforeseen career as a hairdresser . "  I always had a creative eye for hair ; I was always creative in hiding my bald spots , " says Crawford , who wears a wig every day , calling it "  an accessory . " For other women , Crawford has become an unlikely ally . She recounts how a woman came in heartbroken as the effects of chemotherapy laid her scalp bare . Crawford took her wig off and showed her true self ; they wept together and talked through the change . "  It 's just hair , " she remembers saying . ` For me to walk out bald , it 's so hard ' Vanessa McWilliams , 30 , of Calgary is in a more transitional period -- often forgoing the wigs that were her safety blankets for more than 20 years . "  I love who I am , but at the same time , for me to walk out bald , it 's so hard because there 's so much trauma growing up , " she says , recalling jabs such as "  baldy " throughout her teenage years . With the new hairless territory , she says she had to adapt to the occasional awkward moment of a stranger approaching her because they think she 's sick . "  You 're healthy ! There 's nothing wrong with you , but society still has to look at you . It 's so hard to hear there 's nothing wrong with you . The mentality of it is still a mental battle . It 's really tricky , " she says . Unlike DeFreece and Crawford , who were too young at the time of their diagnosis to comprehend the condition , McWilliams did n't receive her diagnosis until adolescence . "  From the date that I found my first bald spot  at age 9  until I was 17 , I had a really big hatred for the word ` alopecia ' and everything that it put me through , " she says . McWilliams now operates Confident Curls , a mobile wig boutique specifically geared toward women who are coping with hair loss . Her epiphany : She 's lived with this every single day and knows first-hand what people in the same situation need . "  I wish at 9 years old I had known that it was OK . It 's so simple . ... Everyone is dealt something they have to struggle with , " McWilliams says . "  Now , I know it is n't the worst thing that could happen to me . " But there 's always work to do . DeFreece calls those less-than-pretty-feeling days , as all people have , "  an alopecia day . " There are also upsides : "  People will always remember you , and you can use that as an advantage , " she says . She has met a network of women through organizations such as the National Alopecia Areata Foundation  DeFreece attends its annual conference every year  and social media , which has helped her adjust . When they get together , their lack of hair is n't the glaring beacon it is to others . "  I 'm not just Jennifer the bald girl . I 'm Jennifer the marketing major . I 'm Jennifer from California , " DeFreece says .	Alopecia physically affects the hair follicles , but the emotional toll is often overlooked Many women with alopecia opt to wear wigs , hats or scarves on a daily basis When and how to share an alopecia diagnosis with loved ones can be stressful
CNN  -- For observers of Latin America , this week 's meeting in Caracas between Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez and Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was remarkable for how unremarkable it was . Santos and Chavez , both in suits , sat closely at a table as they signed a number of bilateral initiatives on agriculture , trade and security . Before last year , the thought of Colombia and Venezuela cooperating on anything at all seemed remote . Relations were so strained between the two countries that the word "  war " was on politicians ' lips . Chavez and Santos ' predecessor , Alvaro Uribe , volleyed insults back and forth like professional tennis players . The relationship has healed much since then , but analysts say that old wounds remain near the surface . Distrust had poisoned the relationship between the neighbors -- Uribe accused Venezuela of creating a haven for guerrillas ; Chavez accused Colombia of creating a haven for the U.S. military . When Santos -- Uribe 's hardline defense minister -- was elected president , he was expected to continue his policies , and he has , with one big exception . "  When Santos was elected , we thought this was it for Venezuela , but after the election , he took some real steps to patch things up , " said Adam Isacson , a Colombia expert and senior associate at the Washington Office on Latin America . In August of last year , Santos and Chavez agreed to put the hostilities aside . "  Starting at zero , " Santos called it . "  I 'm here to turn the page , " Chavez said . "  One thing they agreed to do was cooperate more on the FARC presence in Venezuela and it 's a real debate on what 's actually been done , " Isacson said , referring to the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , a guerrilla group . Santos has vouched for a Venezuelan claim that all FARC encampments located in Venezuela have been dismantled , but the true test of cooperation will come now that the FARC has a new leader . Rodrigo Londono Echeverri , also known as Timoleon Jimenez and Timochenko , is the new FARC head after its former chief was killed in a military operation last month . Colombia has specifically named Londono as a guerrilla that lives in Venezuela . He is believed to cross the border between the two countries freely , Isacson said . How strongly Venezuela goes after Londono could be an indicator of how deep these new ties are . Nonetheless , even talk of cooperation is a world away from the atmosphere two years ago . In November 2009 , Chavez ordered his military to begin preparations for a war with Colombia , warning of a conspiracy between Colombia and the United States to attack Venezuela . Colombia called the announcement a "  war threat , " and Venezuela retorted by calling Colombia 's response "  hypocritical " and "  immoral . " Eight months later , Venezuela broke off all diplomatic relations with Colombia . So when Santos and Chavez decided to be friends , "  most of the region let out a huge sigh of relief because of it , " Isacson said . But from his perspective , the relationship is "  fragile , and it remains fragile , " he said . The friendship between the two leaders also speaks to the pragmatism of each , said Michael Shifter , president of the Inter-American Dialogue . Unlike Uribe , Santos has aspirations to be a regional leader , and cordial relations with Venezuela make it possible for Colombia to become less isolated from other South American countries , he said . Also , by cooperating with Chavez , there is probably the expectation of more progress against the FARC , Shifter said . And cooperation has shown some rewards in the shape of increased trade , reduced tensions and some high-level captures . During their meeting Monday , the leaders announced that Venezuela had captured Maximiliano Bonilla Orozco , one of Colombia 's most-wanted drug traffickers . "  This shows that if we work together , if our police enforcement work together , we will get better results , " Santos said . Chavez added , "  We will do everything we can to stop any attacks from Venezuelan soil into Colombia . " There is a sense of pragmatism on both sides , it appears , but mistrust has ruined that before . "  The relationship is based on mutual interest , but I do n't think the trust goes very deep on either side , " Shifter said . Other challenges exist as well . Chavez 's health -- he underwent treatment for cancer this year -- has kept the two leaders from meeting often , Isacson said . Their meeting this week was the first in seven months . Also , Shifter points out , Chavez is unpredictable and Colombia makes an easy target . "  They are very , very close in many areas . That 's made for a complicated relationship , " he said . For now , at least , Chavez summed up his view like this on Monday : "  We can be an example of how governments with different views ...  can  put those differences aside and put forth a single direction , a single compass . "	For a period , Venezuela and Colombia were bitterly at odds In the past year that relationship has healed Obstacles to the strength of that relationship remain , analysts say
London  CNN  -- It could be the find of the century , or something much more suspicious . "  La Bella Principessa " -- a 13 inch tall pen-and-ink portrait of a Florentine woman with a Mona Lisa-esque smile -- sat in a drawer for decades , before being "  rediscovered " and attributed as a lost $ 150 million masterpiece by Leonardo da Vinci . Each year , we 're seeing "  priceless " lost art reappearing -- a lost Van Gogh , a haul of Caravaggios , a stash of Picassos and Matisses -- that transform owners into multi-millionaires overnight . Today 's booming international art market creates a near-irresistible draw for attic-raiders and flea market-shoppers hoping to win big -- and seductive target for fraudsters and forgers , too . Currently , the U.S. Department of Justice lists art crime as the world 's third-highest-grossing criminal trade -- only behind drugs and arms dealing . Here , a lecturer teaching a new class in forgery-catching and the head of science at the British National Gallery 's laboratory explain how new techniques identify ever more cunning forgers and bring true masterpieces to light . 1 . Does it have style ? Before a painting ever finds itself in front of the high tech gadgets now boasted by arts scientists , it is likely to face the oldest examination : an examination by a "  connoisseur " -- one of a band of art experts whose weighty support can push a painting into contention as a potential masterpiece . Martin Kemp , a world-leading da Vinci scholar , conducted a year-long critical "  interrogation " of the Principessa -- the brushstrokes , composition , and details of the clothes were all scrutinized -- to discover if the portrait bore the hallmarks of the master , or a lesser artist . "  Kemp specifically compiled evidence of all the mistakes that Leonardo 's forgers had made through the ages , " says Dr Christa Roodt , a Lecturer in Art Law and Business at Glasgow University , teaching a new course on Forgeries , Attributions and the Art Market . "  He would look for things like a right-handed brush stroke -LSB- da Vinci was left-handed -RSB- , which could happen inadvertently , and would give the forger away , or a failure to layer the paint in the way Leonardo did it . " 2 . Go beneath the surface Kemp found no mistakes . Increasingly , scientists are developing techniques that allow the critical gaze of connoisseurs to penetrate further -- to "  give a new glance to art historians " says Jean Penicaut , CEO of LumiÃ ¨ re Technology , a Paris-based firm which worked with Kemp to uncover the Principessa 's secrets . For decades , forensics have employed x-ray and infra-red imaging to see through the surface paint to details hidden below -- often tantalising secrets later painted over . The National Gallery , London , acquired "  The Madonna of the Pinks " in 2004 for Â # 22m , identifying the portrait as an authentic Rafael . Back in their high-tech lab , head of science Marika Spring explains how infrared imaging found tentative sketching underneath -- typical of the artist plotting ideas for the painting , but unlikely to be seen in a student or forger copying an original . Lumiere 's "  multispectral " 300 megapixel cameras takes this further -- producing a digital scan that cuts through the paint and provide a thinly sliced view of the inside of the painting from surface down to canvas , revealing times a forger slipped up . Finding none , beliefs mounted that the Principessa could be the real deal . 3 . Test the materials A renaissance fake painted with modern synthetic pigments would be exposed at once . A quick look through a microscope is enough to tell the difference between these 19th century inventions and pigments used in the 15th and 16th centuries . But it does n't stop there . Spring zooms in on a microscopic fleck of paint to show layer-upon-layer of paint and primer which the painter had laid down . An angular particle at the base , she explains , is "  colorless powdered glass . " The team had discovered this base layer on other Rafael paintings in the collection , but before this , Springs says : "  There 's no way that a copyist several centuries later would have known that this is how Rafael prepared his paints . " For the Principessa , too , pigment analysis turned up only substances available during da Vinci 's life . Radiocarbon dating -- a process more commonly used to date prehistoric archaeological finds -- indicated that the parchment was produced between 1440 and 1650 . "  Both of those tests , " says Roodt , "  indicated that it could well be by Leonardo . " 4 . Beating the forgers Either of those tests might once have ruled out modern day forgery -- but forgers are keeping up with scientific advances . "  Techniques are improving all the time , and the techniques can be used for good or evil , " laughs Roodt . "  What if the breakthrough scientifically also helps the forger to make a more perfect forgery ? So it is a race ... it is a race of wits and technique and skill . " The National Gallery has confirmed the authenticity of the Rafael beyond any doubt and it hangs in the halls of the gallery , but testing on the da Vinci continues . Processes more commonly seen at a murder scene are now used in the attempt to piece together final evidence . Roodt mentions Peter Paul Biro , a Canadian forensic art expert , who attempted to find da Vinci 's fingerprints in the Principessa 's paint . The controversy seemed settled when Biro found a print under layers of paint which matched one from a known da Vinci , but Biro 's techniques are now under the microscope , after an investigation by the New Yorker suggested he had used them to authenticate other fakes . For now , the Principessa remains in limbo . More from Ones to Watch : Meet the ` chameleon ' who blends into other people 's family portraits Learn to paint a portrait in 54 seconds with master Jonathan Yeo Astonishing photo-realistic portraits painted by hand	It could be a $ 150m da Vinci or a worthless fake : how do we find out ? Secrets revealed by fingerprints in paint , chemical tests , and a 300 megapixel camera New techniques are being created all the time , as forgers learn to beat the tests
CNN  -- Mike Starr , the former Alice in Chains bassist whose battle with drugs was chronicled on the reality TV show "  Celebrity Rehab , " was found dead in Salt Lake City , officials said . He was 44 . Police said they responded to a call Tuesday of a possible death at a residence . The cause and manner of death were not immediately available . Starr 's former Alice in Chains band mates , Jerry Cantrell and Sean Kinney , released a statement , offering their support for his family . The band 's original singer , Layne Staley , died from a drug overdose in 2002 . "  Jerry and Sean are mourning the loss of their friend and ask that the media respect their privacy -- and the privacy of Mike 's family -- during this difficult time . Their thoughts & prayers are with Mike 's family , " it read . Alice in Chains , a U.S. grunge band , shot to fame in the early 1990s . Starr left the group soon after the release of its 1992 album , "  Dirt . " He appeared on the third season of "  Celebrity Rehab with Dr. Drew . " "  Devastating to hear of Mike Starr succumbing to his illness . So very sad . Our prayers are with his family , " the doctor wrote on his Twitter page .	Starr appeared on the TV reality show "  Celebrity Rehab " Police say they found him dead at a Salt Lake City home Starr was 44
CNN  -- A superb free-kick from Cristiano Ronaldo gave Manchester United a 2-1 home win over Blackburn to move them eight points clear at the top of the Premier League table . Ronaldo celebrates his late free-kick as Manchester United edged closer to retaining the Premier League . United 's record-breaking run of clean sheets came to an end at Old Trafford , but Ronaldo 's moment ensured Sir Alex Ferguson 's side remain well on course to lift their third successive title . United took a 23rd minute lead when Wayne Rooney celebrated his first start since returning from a hamstring injury , by taking advantage of a mistake from defender Ryan Nelsen to score the opening goal . However , nine minutes later United conceded their first league goal in 1,334 minutes when Roque Santa Cruz slipped the ball into an empty net after goalkeeper Tomasz Kuszczak , standing in for the rested Edwin van der Sar , and Rio Ferdinand got in each others way . Jonny Evans looked to have put United back in front on the stroke of half-time but his header from Nani 's corner was harshly disallowed for a push . Blackburn nearly took a shock second-half lead when Nelsen struck the post when left unmarked in the area and he was made to pay for that miss when Ronaldo curled home a spectacular free-kick from the left on the hour mark . Both sides had half-chances to add to the scoresheet , but United held on to take the victory , although Liverpool can reduce their lead to five points again on Sunday if they beat Manchester City at Anfield . Elsewhere , Nicolas Anelka 's first half-strike gave Chelsea a vital 1-0 victory at Aston Villa in Dutchman Guus Hiddink 's first match in charge , lifting the London side above their opponents and into third place . French international Anelka , the league 's top scorer , struck his 21st goal of the season after 19 minutes to earn the Blues their first win at Villa Park for 10 years and keep alive their faint Premier League title hopes . It was Anelka 's first goal in nine league games and brought an end to Villa 's 13-game unbeaten sequence stretching back to early November . Frank Lampard created the goal with a superb piece of skill which enabled him to race clear of Curtis Davies and Stiliyan Petrov before sliding a pass through to Anelka , who showed great composure in dinking the ball over goalkeeper Brad Friedel and into the net . Villa could have levelled in the in the 33rd minute when Ashley Young 's curling free-kick struck the crossbar . Emile Heskey was the first to react to the rebound but he headed well wide . However , that was as good as it got for the home side as Chelsea enjoyed the bulk of the chances in the second half . Didier Drogba could have wrapped up the points after a mistake by Carlos Cuellar , but he lofted his shot over the bar , while Friedel denied Jose Bosingwa from close-range before producing another superb save to keep out Michael Ballack . Meanwhile , fifth-placed Arsenal failed to capitalize on Villa 's defeat , drawing 0-0 at home to Sunderland to lie six points behind Martin O'Neill 's side and in real danger of missing out on the Champions League for the first time since Arsene Wenger took over as manager in 1996 . Even Andrei Arshavin 's debut for the club failed to conjure up a goal , as Arsenal played out a third successive Premier League goalless draw -- although they did extend their unbeaten run to 13 matches . Elsewhere , Bolton continued their climb away from the relegation zone with a 2-1 home win over West Ham while Stoke remain fourth bottom after conceding an injury time goal to draw 2-2 with Portsmouth in a match where all four goals were scored in the final 15 minutes . Meanwhile , Middlesbrough remain second bottom of the table as they were held 0-0 at home by Wigan , making it a club record 14 Premier League games without victory .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores the winner as Manchester United beat Blackburn 2-1 Nicholas Anelka scores the only goal to give Chelsea 1-0 victory at Aston Villa The goal lifts Chelsea above their opponents into third place in Premier League Arsenal fail to take advantage of Villa defeat after drawing 0-0 with Sunderland
CNN  -- While he fell short of bluntly saying , "  I told you so , " Alexei Miller , arguably Russia 's most powerful energy executive , warned the West that it may not be able to count on Mideast and North African energy supplies as it once did . Coming from Miller , the chief of Russian energy giant Gazprom , it was a not-too-subtle nudge that global importers of energy , especially Europe , should invest more in Russian oil and gas capacity . "  The question about the reliability of gas deliveries from North Africa to Europe should be more critically examined than it is currently . " said Miller in comments to NTV , a Gazprom-owned Russian broadcaster . Gazprom told CNN its executives were not available to further clarify his comments . However , Gazprom has been one of many Russian energy companies trying to attract more foreign investment to further exploit its vast and proven oil and gas reserves . "  Perhaps Russia is trying to issue some friendly advice  to the West  that maybe it 's time to diversify our sources of energy . It is good for Russia for it 's certainly in a position to do more . " said Liam Halligan , chief economist of Prosperity Capital in London . According to U.S. government statistics , Russia is the world 's largest oil producer and second-largest exporter after Saudi Arabia . But the timely , if opportunistic , warning darkened an already jittery mood among energy analysts as some now discussed the possibility of an oil "  superspike " that could fuel a commodities crisis in the months to come . How high could oil go ? While industry insiders agree a spike of $ 200 a barrel is unlikely , many are now unwilling to rule out that kind of a price range . Oil cartel OPEC has tried to calm concerns , saying spare capacity exists to soften the blow and moderate price spikes . But some now doubt the organization has a handle on spare capacity . "  There is growing concern in the market that there is n't the spare capacity in Saudi Arabia that the markets have been told there is , " said Charles Robertson , chief economist at Renaissance Capital . "  The second problem is that the markets ca n't be as relaxed about the Middle East and North African now as they were even a week or two ago , " he said . "  What matters about Libya is that you 've seen a regime which has been stable for the better part of 30 years and is in danger of being overthrown . The assumption that we can assume stability in , say Saudi Arabia , or other countries around the Gulf , that assumption is now going to be doubted by the markets , " Robertson said .	Head of energy giant Gazprom tells West that Mideast supplies may not be reliable Energy analysts tense about possible "  superspike " in oil prices OPEC has said spare capacity exists to moderate price spikes Economist : Mideast uprisings and possibly overstated Saudi reserves are big concerns
Washington  CNN  -- A toy that absorbs water and can expand to 400 times its original size has been voluntarily recalled after a report that a baby ingested one and needed surgery to remove it , the Consumer Product Safety Commission said Monday . The CPSC said the marble-size toy can be swallowed , and once inside the stomach , it can expand and cause blockage in the small intestine . The toys do not show up on an x-ray and require surgery to be removed , according to the commission . Nearly 95,000 Water Balz  round shape  , Growing Skulls  skull shape  , H2O Orbs "  Despicable Me "  round shape  and Fabulous Flowers  flower shape  toys were sold in stores in the United States and Canada from 2010 to November 2012 . An 8-month-old Texas girl reportedly ingested a Water Balz last year and underwent surgery to remove the toy . The packaging states the toy "  Grows to the Size of a Racquetball ! " The CPSC and Health Canada , along with the importer DuneCraft Inc. , based in Cleveland , announced the voluntary recall on Monday . The toys , manufactured in China and the United States , were sold in packages of six in green , yellow , red , blue and black . Consumers are urged to stop using the recalled product immediately . Read more : Cholesterol drug recalled	Small toy expands to 400 times its size , posing an ingestion risk , consumer commission says 8-month-old baby from Texas needed surgery after ingesting marble-size Water Balz Consumer Product Safety Commission urges consumers to stop using product Also recalled are Growing Skulls , H2O Orbs and Fabulous Flowers
When it came to relegation from the English Premier League Fulham could not quite "  Beat It " -- but things could have been very different if the London club had kept its lucky statue of Michael Jackson . Fulham 's former owner Mohamed Al Fayed has blamed the club 's demise on the removal of the statue he erected in memory of the late King of Pop outside the club 's Craven Cottage stadium in 2011 . After buying the club from Al Fayed in July 2013 , American billionaire Shahid Khan had the two-and-a-half meter tribute dismantled . Jackson 's statue now has a new home at the National Football Museum in Manchester , but Al Fayed says it is too late to save Fulham 's fate . "  This statue was a charm and we removed the luck from the club and now we have to pay the price , " Al Fayed told reporters as the statue was unveiled at the museum . "  When  Khan  asked me to move it I said , ` you must be crazy ' . This is such a fantastic statue which the fans are crying out for . "  But now he has paid the price because the club has been relegated . He called me because he told me he wanted Michael to return . I told him , no way . " Al Fayed was a friend of the Jackson and the late singing superstar accepted an invitation to watch Fulham take on Wigan at Craven Cottage in English football 's third tier in 1999 . Following Jackson 's death in 2009 , the businessman split opinion among the club 's fans with his decision to install the statue , with Al Fayed saying that fans who did not like his tribute could "  go to hell . " Jackson 's statue now has a place in the English National Football Museum as part of the sport 's folklore . "  This is a great place visited by thousands of people and I am very proud to present them with one of the greatest artists and singers in the world , " said the 85-year-old Al Fayed . "  Michael is a fantastic example for everyone . He came from nowhere and showed fantastic determination to be a superstar and I am very glad that he is now in this great institution for people to enjoy . " Al Fayed ended 16 years at the helm of the London club last summer when he sold the club to Khan , owner of American football team the Jacksonville Jaguars . After a period of stability under Al Fayed , the club 's form plummeted and it dropped down to the Championship after 13 years in the top flight of English football .	Did removal of Michael Jackson statue end Fulham 's 13-year Premier League stay ? Former owner Mohamed Al Fayed blames dismantling of statue on Fulham demise Al Fayed installed tribute to the late singer at Craven Cottage stadium in 2011 New Fulham owner Shahid Khan removed statue which is now in the National Football Museum in Manchester
CNN  Rosie O'Donnell is saying goodbye to "  The View " for a second time . O'Donnell , 52 , was co-hosting the ABC daytime chat show after departing back in 2007 . Next week will be her last after nearly five months on the job . She 's leaving the show to focus on her family after she split from her wife , Michelle Rounds , in November , her publicist said in a statement Friday . "  Rosie has teens and an infant at home that need her attention , " the statement said . "  This has been a very stressful situation . She is putting her personal health and family first . " Before her marriage to Rounds three years ago , she was married to Kelli Carpenter . ABC said it supports her decision . "  Rosie is an immensely talented star who comes in each and every morning brimming with ideas , excitement and passion for the show , " ABC said in a statement . " When she told us that she wanted to exit "  The View , " we respected and understood her desire to put her well-being and her family first . We 're delighted she 's still part of the ABC family with upcoming guest appearances on "  The Fosters . " And we know she 'll return to "  The View " often with her unique point of view and updates on her work and her family . " There was no word on who will replace her . CNN 's Tony Marco and Jane Caffrey contributed to this report .	She 's leaving to focus on her family after a split with her wife "  Rosie has teens and an infant at home that need her attention , " publicist says
CNN  -- Spec . Shaun Gopaul woke up at 4 a.m. on May 12 , 2007 , and waited at a battle position south of Baghdad for members of his company to pick him up . Sgt. Alex Jimenez , left , and Spc. Shaun Gopaul had served in the military together since 2005 . One of those he expected to see was the larger-than-life figure of Sgt. Alex Jimenez , who cared so much about his fellow soldiers that he made sure every one was comfortable and who cared so much about the Iraqis he was fighting for that he learned Arabic on his own so he could talk with them . "  He was a good guy , you know . He had a big heart , " Gopaul said . But Jimenez and the other soldiers never came . While he was waiting , Gopaul heard on the radio that Sgt. Alex Jimenez -- the first person he met in the company and also his best friend -- and other members of his company had been ambushed and captured by insurgents in a section of Iraq known as the Triangle of Death . Gopaul said Friday that during the time Jimenez and other members of the company were missing , he tried to keep upbeat and hoped that his best friend would come home safely . But on Friday the military confirmed they found the bodies of Jimenez and 19-year-old Pvt. Byron W. Fouty and returned them to the United States . "  In a way , I 'm glad that he 's home , " Gopaul said . "  It 's just not in the way that we wanted . " The body of a third soldier who was captured -- Pfc. Joseph J. Anzack Jr. , 20 , of Torrance , California -- was pulled from the Euphrates River in Babil province 11 days after the attack . After they began serving together in 2005 , Gopaul said he and Jimenez were inseparable . When Gopaul arrived , Jimenez offered to let him bunk with him because many of the servicemen were younger than he . It was Gopaul 's first tour in Iraq and Jimenez , who was on his second tour , took it upon himself to help new soldiers from Company D , 4th Battalion , 31st Regiment -- nicknamed the polar bears -- learn the ropes . "  He grabbed all the new guys and put us where we needed to be and showed us how to do our jobs , " Gopaul said . "  He saved our lives by showing us the right way to do things and where to be so we would n't be hurt . " Jimenez , 25 , even took it upon himself to start learning Arabic , Gopaul said . He studied the language until he eventually became fluent . Then , he taught the entire platoon and company so they would have an easier time talking to locals . "  It was awesome , because if we did n't have an interpreter we had him to help out , " Gopaul said . During their free time the two soldiers wrote and sang music -- often reggaeton -- sometimes about being in the Army . Above all , Gopaul said , Jimenez was known for his sense of humor and always being there for anyone who needed it . "  I 've been getting a lot of calls from a lot of people across different battalions who knew him and knew the size of his heart , Gopaul said . The last time he spoke to Jimenez , Gopaul was returning from time off and Jimenez called to let him know what was going on in Iraq and see how his good friend was doing . "  I told him ` I 'll see you in a couple days , ' " Gopaul said . "  But that was it . I never saw him again . " Gopaul said he has taken a 14-day leave from service and will go to visit members of the Jimenez family who live in New York and Boston , Massachusetts . Black ribbons of mourning replaced the yellow ribbons around the Jimenez home Thursday afternoon . A POW/MIA flag that had been hanging from the home for more than a year was also replaced by a U.S. flag . "  This has all been pretty hard , " Gopaul said . "  But one thing is for sure -- we 'll never forget him . "	Shaun Gopaul , Alex Jimenez served together in military starting in 2005 Gopaul : "  He saved our lives " by showing us what to do Bodies of Jimenez , another soldier found in Iraq after a year Jimenez learned Arabic and taught others so they could talk to locals
Washington  CNN  -- There is no constitutional requirement that the Supreme Court preside over the inaugural - it 's just been that way and a little history was made around that on Sunday . Chief Justice John Roberts delivered the oath at the White House to President Barack Obama for a second term . Just prior , Justice Sonia Sotomayor swore in Joe Biden to another four years as vice president , becoming the first Latina jurist to administer an inaugural oath . Biden was instrumental in Sotomayor 's vetting and ultimate selection by Obama for the high court and said it was an "  incredible honor " for him to have her deliver the oath . The justice told CNN 's Soledad O'Brien on Friday that she was not feeling anxious about the inaugural duties , but rather viewing the responsibilities as "  surreal . " "  I was thinking just a couple of days ago , if I think back when I was a kid which of the two would seem more improbable to me I realized each one was so far fetched that I could n't have imagine either , " she saidâ $ " sitting on the Supreme Court "  and swearing in the vice president in front of the nation and the world . " 13 reasons to follow the inauguration on CNN 's platforms and nowhere else Sunday 's vice presidential inauguration at the Naval Observatory , where Biden lives , was moved up to accommodate Sotomayor 's scheduling conflict . "  I want to explain to you what a wonderful honor it was and how much out of her way the justice had to go , " Biden said . "  She is due in New York . She has to leave right now , so I apologize . " Sotomayor then headed out to catch a train to the Big Apple for a book signing for her new autobiography , "  My Beloved World . " The swearing in went off without a hitch , which Sotomayor said was a result of careful planning on her part . "  When you read my book , you realize I practice everything I do over and over again , " she told CNN . Like Roberts , Sotomayor had the oath written on a small card . After delivering it , she offered a simple "  congratulations . " She will be back in Washington for Monday 's public swearing in at the Capitol where she will administer the oath to Biden again . Roberts will do the same for Obama . Obama sworn in during private ceremony The Constitution requires executive officers , including the president , as well as members of Congress and federal judges , to "  be bound by oath or affirmation . " But nothing mandates a Supreme Court justice administer it . When it comes to the presidential inauguration , they just have done so most of the time . There was no Supreme Court formed when George Washington took the first oath of office in 1789 , so New York 's highest ranking judge did the honors at Federal Hall on Wall Street . Four years later , Associate Justice William Cushing swore in Washington for a second term , beginning the Supreme Court tradition . Early inaugurals were usually conducted in the House or Senate chamber . The 1817 inaugural was held outdoors for the first time when James Monroe took the oath in front of the Old Brick Capitol , where Congress met temporarily after the original Capitol was burned by British troops in the War of 1812 . The Monroe swearing-in site is now the Supreme Court building . The man who handled the duties 196 years ago was John Marshall , widely acknowledged as the most influential chief justice in U.S. history . He participated in a record nine swear-ins , from Thomas Jefferson to Andrew Jackson .	First Latina justice , Sonia Sotomayor , swears in Vice President Joe Biden No requirement Supreme Court deliver presidential oath , it just happens that way No Supreme Court when George Washington sworn in as president in 1789
CNN  -- It was far from vintage Barcelona , but it was enough to keep alive the Catalan club 's dwindling hopes of retaining the Spanish league title . With white handkerchiefs waving in the Camp Nou to indicate the fans ' frustration at what appeared to be another disappointing setback , Lionel Messi came to the rescue on Sunday to earn a 2-1 victory against Athletic Bilbao . Having been knocked out of the Champions League , then losing the Copa del Rey final to Real Madrid , Gerardo Martino 's team had been staring down the barrel of an unthinkable fourth successive defeat . With Atletico Madrid having gone seven points clear at the top of the table with Friday 's 2-0 win over Elche , it would 've spelled disaster if Barca could not recover from Aritz Aduriz 's opener for the fourth-placed Basques . The early signs were n't good . After Messi had a goal ruled out for offside , Aduriz hit the Barca woodwork with a spectacular overhead kick , then Alexis Sanchez smacked the Bilbao bar when it seemed easier to score . Aduriz ghosted through Barca 's frail defense to slot in a low shot five minutes after the break , and teammate Markel Susaeta had an effort ruled out for offside soon after . To the home supporters ' intense relief , Pedro provided the equalizer in the 72nd minute with his 15th league goal this season , diverting a low shot from Sanchez into the net from close range . Soon after that , Messi picked himself up after being fouled on the edge of the penalty area and fired a free-kick through the wall . It ended what , for the four-time world player of the year , was a goal drought -- four games without scoring -- as he netted for the 26th time in La Liga , leaving him third in the Pichichi standings behind Atletico 's Diego Costa  27  and Real Madrid 's Cristiano Ronaldo  28  . It proved to be the winner , though Barca needed Javier Mascherano -- who squandered a great scoring chance not long beforehand -- to make a brave block to stop a goal-bound Bilbao shot in time added on . The result left Barca four points behind Atletico with four games to play -- the last of which will be between the two teams at the Camp Nou . It lifted Barca into second place above Real , without a match this weekend ahead of Wednesday 's Champions League semifinal first leg at home to Bayern Munich . Atletico , meanwhile , will be seeking to make it an all-Spanish final as the capital team hosts English club Chelsea in Tuesday 's opening leg . Earlier Sunday , Sevilla consolidated fifth place with a 4-0 win at home to Granada , Rayo Vallecano moved up to mid-table safety with a 3-1 win that almost certainly condemned Real Betis to relegation , and Celta Vigo beat second-bottom Almeria 4-2 . In Germany , third-placed Schalke suffered a shock 3-1 defeat at Stuttgart which moved the home side four points clear of Hamburg in the relegation playoff place . Fourth-placed Bayer Leverkusen moved to within four points of Schalke with a 4-1 win at second-bottom Nuremberg . In France , second-placed Monaco clinched a spot in next season 's Champions League with a 1-0 win at home to Nice , thanks to an early goal from former Manchester United striker Dimitar Berbatov . It put Monaco seven points behind champions Paris Saint-Germain , who won the French League Cup on Saturday . Third-placed Lille lost more ground , being held 0-0 at Marseille . In Portugal , Benfica clinched a 33rd league title with two matches to play as Brazilian forward Lima scored both goals in a 2-0 win against Olhanense . Benfica had been runner-up to Porto for the past three seasons . Seven points back , Sporting Lisbon clinched Portugal 's second Champions League place with a 1-0 win at Belenenses , with Porto in third another 11 points adrift with a game in hand . In the Netherlands , PEC Zwolle caused a big shock by winning the Dutch Cup for the first time , coming from behind to beat league-leading Ajax 5-1 . Ryan Thomas and Guyon Fernandez scored twice to give the mid-table team a place in the Europa League qualifying rounds next season . It had lost its only other finals in 1928 and 1977 .	Lionel Messi gives Barcelona a 2-1 victory with his 26th league goal of season Sunday 's win keeps second-placed Spanish champion four points off the lead Athletic Bilbao had taken the lead just after halftime before Pedro equalized Benfica clinches 33rd Portuguese league title with two matches to spare
CNN  -- Charges were dismissed against one of two former teachers accused of lewd conduct in a high-profile student abuse case in a Los Angeles school because an alleged victim wo n't testify , authorities said Wednesday . Martin Bernard Springer , 51 , had been facing three felony counts of a lewd act on a girl under age 14 and three misdemeanor counts of child molesting against a girl under age 18 . The incidents allegedly occurred against one victim at Miramonte Elementary School between April 2009 and June 2009 . Those six charges were dismissed Wednesday by Los Angeles County Judge Charlaine Olmedo , officials said . "  The prosecution announced today that we are unable to proceed because the victim does not want to testify , " Shiara Davila-Morales , spokeswoman for the Los Angeles County district attorney , said Wednesday . "  The victim , who is now 12 , was very traumatized with the experience of testifying in court during the preliminary hearing . Because her testimony is essential to the case , the DA 's Office can not proceed without her testimony . The case can be refiled , however , should the victim change her mind within the statute of limitations , " Davila-Morales said . The alleged abuse of students at Miramonte Elementary drew widespread attention because another former teacher , Mark Berndt , was arrested and accused of taking bondage photos of more than two dozen students in his classroom , including some with suspected semen-filled spoons at their mouths . Berndt pleaded no contest to felony lewd acts on 23 children and was recently sentenced to 25 years in prison . His case led to almost 200 students suing Los Angeles Unified School District , claiming that they , too , were victims , and the district reached a $ 30 million settlement with 63 of 190 students ' claims alleging they were victims of sexually lewd acts by Berndt . The remaining claims are pending .	Three felonies and three misdemeanors are dismissed against Martin Bernard Springer The alleged victim , now 12 , "  does not want to testify , " official says Springer was one of two former teachers at Miramonte Elementary accused of abuse The other teacher is now serving a 25-year prison sentence
Rolling Stone  -- At a listening party in London last night , Justin Bieber told reporters that one of the many new songs that could appear on his upcoming album , "  Believe , " was about Mariah Yeater , the woman who falsely accused him of fathering her child , the BBC reports . According to the BBC , while talking about his inspiration , Bieber said he 'd written "  songs like that girl -- Mariah Yeater -- who said she was going to have my baby . " The singer added , "  I wrote about that situation . " Last November , Yeater claimed that she and Bieber had sex backstage following a show in Los Angeles , and that he was the father of her then-three month old baby boy . While the case was dropped a few weeks after , Bieber still took a paternity test that proved he was not the father . In London , Bieber also said he 'd recorded 40 songs for the record , and of the various collaborations  ranging from Taylor Swift to Drake to Kanye West  he said , "  It 's so cool to do different styles and step out of my comfort zone . " "  Every song has a piece of me , it 's hard to pick , " Bieber said "  I wrote almost all of them or co-wrote them . " See the full article at RollingStone.com . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Justin Bieber said he has written a song about Mariah Yeater for his upcoming album Last November , Yeater claimed that Bieber was the father of her then-three month old baby boy In London , Bieber also said he 'd recorded 40 songs for the record
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate on Wednesday passed a Democratic plan to extend the Bush-era tax cuts for middle income Americans while rejecting a Republican alternative to continue all of the cuts -- twin votes that help to crystallize the position of the two parties on a critical issue heading into the fall campaign . The Democratic proposal passed in a sharply polarized 51-48 vote , while the Republican plan was defeated 45-54 . Vice President Joe Biden , the constitutional presiding officer of the Senate , was on hand to cast a tie-breaking vote if necessary . Strategists on both sides of the aisle acknowledge that neither plan has a chance of passing both the Democratic-controlled Senate and the Republican-controlled House of Representatives . GOP leaders in the House have indicated they have no intention of bringing the Democrats ' plan to a vote . House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio , pledged in a written statement after the votes to "  stop the tax hike , " and insisted Republicans are the only ones addressing the "  threat to our economy . " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus blasted Democrats for backing a "  disastrous plan to raise taxes on small businesses and job creators " while putting "  their tax-and-spend agenda ahead of creating jobs . " President Barack Obama , however , said , "  House Republicans are now the only people left in Washington holding hostage the middle-class tax cuts for 98 % of Americans . " The U.S. economy "  is n't built from the top down , it 's built from a strong and growing middle class , and that 's who we should be fighting for , " he declared . Rival Bush tax plans Wednesday 's votes were primarily about political positioning in the heat of the 2012 election season , as well each party 's opening bid in what is sure to be a frenzied legislative negotiating session this autumn . The economy is approaching a so-called "  fiscal cliff " brought on by the looming expiration of several tax cuts as well as the approach of a series of mandatory spending cuts . "  At the end of the day this  legislative maneuvering  is n't going to solve the problem . It 's going to be political posturing all the way up to the November election , " said Sen. Bill Nelson , D-Florida . The Democratic bill approved by the Senate on Wednesday would extend the Bush tax cuts -- now set to expire at the end of the year -- just on incomes under $ 250,000 for a couple and $ 200,000 for an individual . The GOP bill would extend the tax cuts for all taxpayers -- including the wealthiest Americans -- and includes a requirement that Congress tackle comprehensive tax reform within a year . Republicans argue that any tax hikes could derail what is already considered a weak recovery . Opinion : Taxmageddon is headed our way After Senate leaders jockeyed for days over procedural issues tied to consideration of the bills , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , unexpectedly announced Wednesday morning that Republicans would agree to Democratic demands and hold back-to-back votes requiring neither side to garner a filibuster-proof 60-vote margin . McConnell 's decision gave the Democrats bragging rights , allowing them to tout the fact that their bill is capable of passing the Senate . But it also gave Republicans the ability to put several centrist Democratic senators on the spot , forcing those Democrats to vote for a politically contentious plan that raises taxes on certain Americans . "  We owe it to the American people to let them know whether we actually think it is a good idea to double down on the failed economic policies of the past few years or whether we support a new approach , " McConnell said before the vote . "  By setting these votes at a 50-vote threshold , nobody on the other side can hide behind a procedural vote while leaving their views on the actual bill itself a mystery . " For their part , Democrats point to polling that shows a majority of Americans support their approach . "  Our bill has the support of President Obama , has the support of the Democratic caucus and has the support of the American people . A majority of Americans , including a significant majority of Republicans , agree taxes should remain low for the middle class and the top 2 % should pay their fair share to reduce the deficit , " said Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada . "  The only place there is no agreement is with Republicans in Congress . " Want to attend one of the political conventions ? Tell us why CNN should send you . Opinion : Give hardworking Americans a break	NEW : Obama praises Senate vote while top Republicans blast it Senate passes a Democratic tax plan while rejecting the GOP alternative GOP wants to extend Bush-era tax cuts for all ; Democrats want $ 250,000 income ceiling Neither plan is expected to win full congressional approval
Moscow  CNN  -- Officials searched for answers Tuesday after a Russian jetliner made a premature descent and burst into flames in the country 's northwest , killing 44 people and injuring eight others . "  I do not want to prejudge the investigation and all that but preliminary information suggests an obvious pilot error in poor weather conditions , " said Russian Deputy Prime Minister Sergei Ivanov , the state-run RIA-Novosti news agency reported . Investigators recovered the flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder from the site of the crash , according to the Investigative Committee probing the crash . The cause of the premature descent is being investigated by the Inter-State Aviation Committee and the so-called black boxes will be recovered and sent to Moscow for deciphering , said Russian Deputy Transport Minister Valery Okulov on Russian state TV . The recorders will help authorities piece together the final minutes of the flight and possibly tell investigators what caused the plane to go down . "  Seems that he had been visually looking for the runway but could n't see it , " Ivanov said . The dead included 36 Russians , four people with joint U.S.-Russian citizenship , a Swede , a Dutchman and two Ukrainians , according to the Transport Ministry . Of the injured , five are in critical condition , according to regional authorities in Petrozavodsk . Some will be transported to Moscow for medical treatment . President Dmitry Medvedev expressed his condolences in the aftermath and has sent Transport Minister Igor Levitin to the scene on a fact-finding mission . The families of the dead will receive 1 million rubles  $ 35,500  , while the families of the injured will be compensated 500,000 rubles  $ 17,750  , according to the authorities . The jet with 43 passengers and a crew of nine took off Monday night from Moscow for Petrozavodsk , about 950 kilometers  600 miles  to the north . Controllers lost contact with the twin-engine Tupolev-134 about 11:40 p.m.  3:40 p.m. ET  , and it crashed onto a highway outside Besovets , near the Petrozavodsk airport , the ministry reported . "  The first thing that the plane had contact with was a pine tree of about 15 meters high , " said Alexander Neradko , head of the Russian Federal Aviation Agency on Russian state TV . "  This proves that the plane did n't break in mid-air but that all those destructions were inflicted to it as a result of that contact , " he said . Nearly 140 rescue workers , doctors and police officers were on the scene before dawn Tuesday . Forensic experts have been dispatched to the crash site to help with identification of the bodies , regional authorities said . CNN 's Maxim Tkachenko contributed to this report .	NEW : Bad weather and human error possible causes of crash The Moscow-to-Petrozavodsk flight went down late Monday Nearly 140 rescue workers , doctors and police officers help at the scene The crash kills 44 people and injures eight more , emergency officials say
CNN  -- Anthony Weiner 's long-anticipated official announcement that he 's running for mayor of New York City began with a slight glitch this week : A video announcing his candidacy was posted on YouTube in the middle of the night , then yanked off the site -- and eventually posted again . The two-minute video did exactly what it was intended to do : launch Weiner 2.0 , promoting him as an earnest family man bursting with energy , ideas and promise , and offering to lead New York City as its chief executive . But the stutter-step in the timing is a metaphor for Weiner 's relationship to media . It remains to be seen whether the same digital platforms that catapulted him to national prominence -- and later proved to be his undoing -- will end up being a blessing , a curse , or a distraction as Weiner joins a crowded race for City Hall . There 's no question that Weiner has media star power that far outstrips his half-dozen or so Democratic rivals . For years , he was a fixture on cable news programs , ready with quips , strategic insight , and fighting words fired at adversaries on the floor of Congress . But almost exactly two years ago , the shadow side of Weiner 's media life emerged , when the then-congressman mistakenly blasted a lewd photo to his thousands of Twitter followers . His conservative enemies pounced on the image and soon discovered -- and trumpeted to the world -- that Weiner was sending lascivious texts and photos to women around the country , some from his office on Capitol Hill . After a short period in which he told outrageous lies about the photos , claiming his computer was hacked , Weiner quit Congress and dropped out of public life . He now says that the six women with whom he 's known to have exchanged randy messages -- and the lies he told about it -- represent the sum total of his misbehavior . That may be true , although New York 's political insiders generally assume more photos could emerge in the weeks ahead . But the incident leaves Weiner as a strange media hybrid -- a star nationally , but an uprooted local candidate facing formidable challenges in his hometown . The national press finds him irresistible , with conservatives eager to bash him and liberals hoping to rehabilitate him . His wife , Huma Abedin , is a glamorous , globally famous personality in her own right , having served at the right hand of former Secretar of State Hillary Clinton . The couple moved from Weiner 's working-class apartment in Queens -- he happened to quit as New York 's congressional boundaries were being redrawn , and his district was simply eliminated . Weiner now lives in a luxury building on Park Avenue in Manhattan , where paparazzi lie in wait to snap photos nearly every time he leaves the house . To most New York politicians , such obsessive media attention would be considered a gift from the gods . But it 's a double-edged sword for Weiner . At the same time he was electrifying left-leaning audiences on national TV , Weiner was building a reputation in New York City as a centrist Democrat arguing for tax cuts and other relief for working-class New Yorkers . The son of a public school teacher and a lawyer , he made much of his middle-class roots and vowed to bring gritty , neighborhood-based values to city hall . In local politics , that remains Weiner 's central persona : a working-class truth teller , willing to ruffle feathers and challenge liberal orthodoxy . But it 's hard to make that argument from Park Avenue , and Weiner 's opponents seldom fail to mention his luxury digs , which are very much at odds with his persona as spokesman for the forgotten middle class . No other candidate in the race comes close to having Weiner 's years of experience in delivering talking points on camera , debating one-on-one and packaging complex policies in short , comprehensible bites . But New York City mayoral contests are n't decided on TV or Twitter . Residents like to see their candidates up close and personal , in literally hundreds of meetings of political clubs , church basements , block associations and the like . Weiner has always been effective on the stump , but it remains to be seen how he 'll be greeted . His video announcement was , among other things , a way to control his image . As he makes the rounds of debates , forums and other places where New Yorkers are known to give candidates an unscripted piece of their mind , we 'll see if Weiner 2.0 will sell in the parts of New York that the national talking heads rarely visit . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Errol Louis .	Errol Louis : Anthony Weiner launched his mayoral candidacy , touting , ideas promise He says his media star power double-edged sword ; scrutiny of his texts led to his undoing He says Weiner , middle class champion , lives on Park Ave Louis : Weiner skilled , experienced politician ; he 'll need it in rough , on the ground race
CNN  -- Soccer star Fabrice Muamba , who suffered a cardiac arrest on the field playing for Bolton Wanderers on Saturday , is able to breathe without a ventilator and respond to questions , according to the hospital treating him . The 23-year-old collapsed at Tottenham Hotspur 's White Hart Lane stadium in London during an English FA Cup quarterfinal game and was treated by paramedics on the pitch . He was subsequently taken to the London Chest Hospital where he has been in a critical condition since Saturday evening . But a joint statement released by the hospital and Bolton on Monday evening said Muamba 's condition had marginally improved . Soccer star Muamba still ` critical ' after on-pitch collapse It read : "  Fabrice Muamba is continuing to show signs of improvement this evening . "  He is currently able to breathe independently without the aid of a ventilator . He has also been able to recognize family members and respond to questions appropriately . "  These are all positive signs of progress . However , his condition remains serious and the medical staff in intensive care will continue to monitor and treat him . " Muamba was born in Zaire but was brought up in the Democratic Republic of Congo . He moved to England when he was 11 . He represented England at under-21 level and has played for English Premier League side Arsenal , as well as Birmingham City , before moving to Bolton in 2008 for a fee of Â # 5 million  $ 8 million  . He collapsed after 41 minutes of the last eight tie against Tottenham , with players from both sides urging medical assistance straight away . Fears for stricken soccer player Muamba 's recovery Stunned supporters looked on as he was treated on the field while reports in the UK press claimed it took two hours for Muamba 's heart to start beating normally again . Referee Howard Webb abandoned the match after consultation with players and managers from both sides . Bolton 's Premier League game with Aston Villa , scheduled for Tuesday , has also been called off . Muamba 's manager Owen Coyle has regularly visited the hospital where he is being treated , as have players from Bolton and other Premier League clubs . Spanish club Real Madrid carried shirts that read "  Get well soon Muamba " before their draw with Malaga on Sunday , and Coyle said the player 's family were grateful for all the support they had received from around the globe . "  The message is the good will , the prayers from everybody , they are so thankful and they want to put that on record -- to say ` keep up the prayers , thanks for all the support , ' " the Scot told reporters . "  They have been inundated as we all have , both in the football community globally and family and friends . People are taking a genuine interest and a real concern with how Fabrice is doing . "  It 's a difficult situation but the family are bearing up as well as they can . They themselves are very positive people . Players pray for Muamba 's recovery "  You look at what Fabrice has been through in life already and you can tell that he is a fighter . He has such a fantastic smile and that 's what we all want to see again . " Muamba 's wife Shauna took to Twitter on Monday to say : "  All your prayers are working people thank u so so much . Every prayer makes him stronger . " There have been other cases of players collapsing during soccer matches . Motherwell 's Phil O'Donnell suffered heart failure during a 2007 game against Scottish rivals Dundee United and died on the way to hospital . The most high-profile tragedy of this kind came when Cameroon international Marc-Vivien Foe collapsed during a Confederations Cup semifinal against Colombia in 2003 and died in hospital . There have been two similar incidents more recently in Spain , involving Sevilla 's Antonio Puerta in 2007 and Espanyol 's Daniel Jarque in 2009 .	Soccer star Fabrice Muamba showing signs of improvement after cardiac arrest Bolton player collapsed during a match against Tottenham on Saturday evening Muamba able to breathe without ventilator and respond appropriately to questions Hospital treating the 23-year-old say long-term prognosis will remain unclear for some time
CNN  -- Sexual harassment and sexual assault in the military "  are a profound betrayal of sacred oaths and sacred trusts , " Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel told cadets Saturday at the U.S. Military Academy at West Point . "  This scourge must be stamped out , " he said during a commencement address . "  we are all accountable and responsible for ensuring that this happens . We can not fail the Army or America . We can not fail each other and we can not fail the men and women that we lead . " Hagel cited similar admonitions made Friday by President Barack Obama to newly commissioned officers at the U.S. Naval Academy in Annapolis , Maryland . Sexual assaults in the armed forces undermine Americans ' confidence in the military , the commander-in-chief said . "  That 's why we have to be determined to stop these crimes , " Obama said . "  Because they have no place in the greatest military on Earth . " Their comments came in the wake of a series of allegations of sexual impropriety in the military and an estimate that their incidence is growing : -- This week , the Army said it had suspended Brig. Gen. Bryan Roberts , the top general at Fort Jackson in South Carolina , after allegations of adultery and assault . -- Last week , a U.S. Army sergeant first class stationed at West Point was charged with covertly shooting videos of female cadets in showers and latrines . -- This month , an Army sergeant first class assigned to the sexual assault prevention unit at Fort Hood , Texas , came under investigation for alleged sexual assault , pandering , abusive sexual contact and maltreatment of subordinates . He has been relieved of duty while investigators look in to the allegations . -- Also this month , an Air Force officer who managed an assault prevention unit , was charged with sexual battery , accused of grabbing a woman and groping her buttocks and breasts in an Arlington County parking lot near his Washington office . -- The Department of Defense estimated this month that 26,000 cases of unwanted sexual contact -- from groping to rape -- occurred last year in the military , 35 % higher than the estimate from 2010 . The vast majority of those incidents went unreported as crimes , the study showed . Opinion : Soldiers and sex : Can men evolve ?	Secretary Hagel 's remarks follow allegations of sexual misconduct in the military Department of Defense estimates 26,000 cases of unwanted sexual conduct last year Obama addressed the issue on Friday at the Naval Academy
CNN  Newtown , Connecticut , council members voted unanimously Wednesday to tear down the home of Adam Lanza , the site where he killed his mother before massacring 26 others at a nearby elementary school in 2012 , according to First Selectman Patricia Llodra . The spacious yellow colonial , which sits on a hill on a grassy 2-acre property , was the first of two crime scenes in December 2012 . Lanza , 20 , shot his mother through her forehead in her second-floor bedroom . Lanza then went to nearby Sandy Hook Elementary School and killed 20 children and six educators before killing himself . There is no timetable to raze the home , but Mary Ann Jacob , chairman for the Newtown Legislative Council , said a town meeting will be held , which is a formality , and then "  the demolition can take place as soon as is practical . " Report finds missed chances to help Newtown shooter Llodra , whose position is equivalent to town mayor , has suggested the town 's legal counsel craft language that ensures any proceeds gained from the land or property be used to benefit the families of victims . When the home was last appraised in 2012 , it was estimated to be worth $ 523,620 . After the incident , authorities boarded up the front door to the home , where investigators found more than 1,600 rounds of ammunition , at least 10 knives and three samurai swords , among other weapons . A look at Newtown in 2013 Sandy Hook Elementary School was demolished in 2013 and is being rebuilt , according to the town 's website . Neighbors and townspeople have hoped that the house , a reminder of the second-deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history , be torn down . "  I think it was the right thing to do for the families who live there and have to deal with the curiosity seekers , " Jacob said . "  I think they should have their neighborhood back . " CNN 's Wayne Drash contributed to this report .	Adam Lanza killed his mother at the home before killing 26 others at a school Neighbors and townspeople have hoped that the house would be torn down
CNN  -- Kenneth and Jacquelyn Johnson still spend their days outside the Lowndes County Courthouse in Georgia , standing vigil for their son , Kendrick , whose mysterious death a year ago poses many questions in their minds . They simply want to know how their son ended up in a rolled-up mat in his high school 's gymnasium on January 10 , 2013 ; his body was found a day later , when students in a gym class glimpsed his feet in the mat . The original investigation by the Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office concluded that 17-year-old Kendrick Johnson died by accident while reaching for a shoe , but the Johnsons do n't believe that . They 're planning yet another rally in Valdosta 's James W. Saunders Memorial Park at noon Saturday to again demand answers . "  They know something happened in that gym and they do n't want it to come out , " Kenneth Johnson said . Federal authorities , too , have their doubts about the original investigation 's findings . CNN has learned that the FBI has been in South Georgia conducting interviews , and the Johnsons recently spent almost three hours with investigators at an FBI field office in Thomasville , an hour west of their hometown . U.S. Attorney for the Middle District of Georgia Michael Moore said in November that federal authorities would investigate Johnson 's death , and last month , the FBI seized the original hard drives from the surveillance system at Lowndes High School , according to a source with knowledge of the investigation surrounding the hard drives . The federal investigation has yielded few details , but Moore issued a statement Thursday : "  As we approach the anniversary of Kendrick 's death , I am mindful that there is a great deal of interest in the status of our efforts . As I have previously stated , in order to protect the integrity of any ongoing investigation by my office , I typically refrain from making any specific comments about the investigation until it is concluded . As we continue our work in this matter , my thoughts and prayers will be with the Johnson family this weekend . " The Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office has n't commented on every twist and turn in the case but has repeatedly stood by its investigation . "  It was not a rash decision that was leapt to . We 've drawn this out , done a thorough investigation , and we think we 've covered all bases , " Lt. Stryde Jones told CNN in May , the day after investigators closed the case . On Friday , the office released a statement through its attorney , saying , "  We continue to support Mr. Moore 's interest in these tragic circumstances and applaud his urging of the community to come forward with facts and evidence rather than feelings or opinions , no matter how sincere they may be . " The Sheriff 's Office said it had interviewed more than 100 people -- students , teachers and parents among them -- but the timing of those interviews raises questions for at least one analyst . CNN examined the 522-page police file and found that investigators spoke to 111 people . Eighteen of those interviews occurred the day Johnson 's body was found , and another 15 people were interviewed later that month . Investigators then spoke to five more people in February and March before conducting interviews with 72 people in April , about the time media coverage of Johnson 's death gained momentum . One person was interviewed in May , according to the investigative file . Former Washington Metropolitan Police Department Detective Mike Brooks , an analyst for CNN 's sister network , HLN , said that if he were involved in the investigation , he would "  want to interview someone that day , that night or maybe the following day while things are still fresh in their mind . " The first responders were n't interviewed until April 17 , according to the file , and the paramedic who noticed bruising on Johnson 's jaw -- and considered the gym to be a crime scene -- was n't interviewed until April 18 . Investigators did n't speak to the janitors who cleaned the gym until April 26 . Asked why the bulk of the interviews were n't conducted until April , the Sheriff 's Office said , in the statement released by its attorney , that "  Sheriff  Chris  Prine maintains every confidence that his office 's investigation was timely and properly prioritized and handled with the necessary diligence to assure that all leads were examined and exhausted and he welcomes the U.S. Attorney 's continued review of the case . " Surveillance video shows other students in the gym with Johnson before he died , but according to local investigators ' reports , there 's no record of interviews with any of them , although they spoke to more than 90 students . "  I looked at the crime scene investigation , evidence collection , the autopsy , the interviews that were done and were not done in a timely fashion . This is a sloppy case from the get-go , " Brooks said . The Sheriff 's Office noted that it provided its investigative files to CNN in May , but the names in that file were redacted . CNN did not receive the unamended version until October 30 , and the network did not receive the surveillance video until November 6 . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	NEW : Original investigation was "  timely and properly prioritized and handled , " investigators say Georgia teen was found dead , rolled in a gym mat , nearly a year ago Lowndes County Sheriff 's Office ruled the death an accident last year Johnson 's parents think there 's more to the case ; a federal investigation is in progress
Jerusalem  CNN  In a sea of Jewish parties campaigning at Hebrew University , Ayman Odeh was the star attraction . But this powerful new face in Israeli politics is not Jewish . While he is an Israeli citizen , the charismatic 41-year-old lawyer is of Palestinian descent -- one of 1.6 million Israeli Arabs living in Israel . Under Odeh 's leadership , Israel 's tiny , splintered Arab parties have teamed up for the first time to form a slate known as the Joint List . Come election day on Tuesday , they are poised to take as many as 15 seats . This could potentially make them the third-largest party in the Knesset after Benjamin Netanyahu 's Likud party and his main rival , the Zionist Camp coalition , potentially giving them the balance of power . It is a game-changer , giving a significant voice to one-fifth of the population that has long complained of being treated as second-class citizens . His most immediate goal is to deny a new term to Netanyahu , who he says has led the "  most racist government in history . " "  Netanyahu says the danger to Israel is not Palestinians in the West Bank , but rather Arabs in Israel . What is that telling me as a citizen of Haifa ? " he asked in an interview on Saturday . "  With 15 seats in the Knesset , no one will ever be able to ignore us again . " Until now , Arab parties have failed to unite because of deep ideological differences . They run the spectrum from communist to Islamist . But a law passed by the last Knesset , sponsored by the right-wing party of Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman , raised the threshold of votes a party must receive to be admitted to the Knesset . Many believed Lieberman 's goal was to push the Arab parties out of the Knesset . It 's a theory that was given credence when , in recent televised debate , Lieberman warned Odeh , "  You are here for now . " "  Why are you even here ? " Leiberman said to Odeh . Baiting him by accusing him of "  representing terror groups , " Lieberman turned to Odeh and said , "  You 're not wanted here . " Odeh politely noted that his Joint List was polling well ahead of Lieberman 's party . "  I 'm very wanted in my homeland , " he said . "  I 'm part of the scenery . I resemble it . " With that calm , dignified response , Odeh attracted political star status among Jews and Arabs alike . At the Hebrew University forum , event students campaigning for the Labor Party and the left-wing Meretz Party wanted to take selfies with him . More importantly , he has given hope to the 1.6 million Palestinians who hold Israeli citizenship that they might finally enjoy social and economic equality . In the Wadi Nisnas neighborhood of Haifa where Odeh grew up , the shopkeepers and restaurant owners welcome him as a native son . Odeh goes door to door with the ease of a natural politician , speaking about the importance of turning out to vote to ensure the Joint List gets enough seats to change the face of the Israeli government . Over hummus and stuffed vegetables , he speaks about a 10-year plan to close the social gaps between Israel 's Jews and its Arab population , speaking about issues such as education , housing , employment for women , public transportation in Arab towns and recognition of unrecognized Bedouin communities in the Negev . Growing up , he says he identified with Malcolm X . But as he got older , he began to feel he should follow in the footsteps of Martin Luther King Jr. . With a large block in parliament , Odeh says he would have a greater platform to press for better treatment of Palestinians in the occupied territories and to speak out about the need for a Palestinian state living beside Israel . "  What makes people vote is the hope of change , " he said . "  We have been ceding hope again and again . But we are 20 % of the population . We can prevent the right from forming a government . " There is some skepticism here that Arabs will finally have a say in how the government is run , but most are hopeful . Sitting on a stoop chopping celery stalks for the grocery store across the street , Sami Abuliat says Odeh is a good spokesman for Palestinians living inside Israel . "  We 've asked for so many rights we do n't we wo n't get , " Abuilat says . "  The big eat the small . But united , we can be strong . This is a good first step . " If , as many expect , Likud or Labor fail to strike deals with smaller parties to get the 61 seats needed to form a government , they may be forced to join together in a "  national unity " government . That would make the next biggest group of parties , and Odeh , the official opposition . It 's a position he says he would prefer over joining an Israeli government , which he says dedicates a large chunk of its budget to policies that discriminate against the Palestinians . The Prime Minister is required to brief the leader of the opposition at least once a month on diplomatic and security matters . Odeh would be entitled to a seat on Israel 's foreign affairs committee in the Knesset and is obligated to address the Knesset after every speech by the Prime Minister . He would also protected by the Shin Bet security service . He would have the ear of foreign leaders , who would reach out and meet with him to hear his views . Odeh says he needs the help of Israeli Jews , who he hopes one day will become a greater voice in the cause of social justice for all Israelis . "  Arabs alone can not make a democracy strong . It has to be Arabs and Jews , " he says . "  My dream is one day we will build a real Arab-Jew party , and I tell Jews to come join us and build a true democratic party in this country . " It 's a message that resonates back at Hebrew University , where some Jewish students are joining the fight against what they call institutional discrimination in Israel . "  It is not only a struggle of the Palestinian minority living in Israel . It is the struggle of the Palestinian minority together with democratic Jews like myself , " says Ofer , a student with the Jewish communist Hadash party . It 's not a vision shared by most in Israel , but Odeh 's message to students is "  this is your chance . " By finding their voice and using their vote , he says , they can make the dream of equality a reality .	Ayman Odeh is a new face in politics : He is an Israeli citizen and a charismatic lawyer of Palestinian descent Under Odeh 's leadership , Israel 's tiny , splintered Arab parties have teamed up They are poised to take as many as 15 seats in the Knesset
CNN  -- North Korea 's chief nuclear negotiator will meet senior Russian officials next week to discuss ending the embattled nation 's nuclear program , Russia 's foreign ministry said . The talks involving Kim Kye Gwan , North Korea 's first deputy foreign minister , and Russian deputy foreign ministers Vladimir Titov and Igor Morgulov will take place Thursday , the ministry said in a statement , according to Russia 's RIA Novosti news agency . The meeting is "  part of efforts to resume the six-party talks " related to North Korea 's controversial nuclear program , according to Russia 's foreign ministry . Those talks involving officials from North Korea , South Korea , China , Japan , the United States and Russia have been at a virtual standstill since last decade . Tensions in and around the Korean Peninsula escalated even further in the past year , particularly after Pyongyang launched a long-range rocket , then conducted an underground nuclear test two months later . North Korea , China want to resume nuclear talks The international community widely criticized the moves , threatening yet more sanctions and punitive measures . And yet North Korea remained defiant -- even threatening to attack South Korea and the United States . But things have taken a turn in recent weeks . Earlier this month , North Korea proposed high-level talks with the United States to "  ease tensions in the Korean Peninsula , " its state news agency reported . More recently , while Kim was in Beijing for bilateral talks , the North Korea official and China 's Vice Foreign Minister Zhang Yesu both issued statements calling for the resumption of talks to "  peacefully solve nuclear issues through dialogue " with all relevant parties . Obama calls for reducing U.S. , Russian nukes	A top North Korean official will meet with Russian officials on Thursday in Moscow They 'll discuss halting Pyongyang 's nuclear program , a Russia ministry says Meeting is "  part of efforts to resume the six-party talks , " according to that report
CNN  -- New details have emerged about a Jewish immigrant who fled Austria as World War II was brewing , lived frugally in New York and left an estate whose size -- $ 300,000 -- astounded some . Ida Blumin fled Austria in 1938 for the U.S. and married Walter Fischer , who earned money performing odd jobs . In a story published Monday , CNN and other news organizations reported neither the woman 's name nor much else about her , except for the fact that she had donated half of her estate to Hebrew University in Jerusalem , a school with which she had had no known contact . Since then , CNN has contacted two of her friends and a relative , who have identified her as Ida Fischer , who was born Ida Blumin in 1911 in Vienna . They said she was neither a concentration camp survivor nor had she ever been homeless , as the school originally reported . Her life story , however , was still remarkable . In 1938 , she , her mother , her sister and her sister 's husband fled Austria , said Peter Last , a Jewish collectible coin and banknote wholesaler who lived on East 32nd Street and befriended Fischer 20 years ago , when she lived a block away . The Blumins made their home in New York , where they had relatives . The 5-foot-2-inch immigrant married Walter Fischer , another Austrian , who earned money performing odd jobs . The couple lived with Fischer 's mother ; Ida Fischer earned money from a variety of office jobs . Fischer , who was in her mid-70s when Last met her in the late 1980s , gave the impression that she was just scraping by , he said . "  She hung around on the street and talked to everybody and people gave her food and clothes , " he said . "  She was very thrifty . " She once traveled with her mother to Israel , but did not appear particularly religious , Last said . Gabor Szanto , who met Fischer nearly 40 years ago upon his arrival in the United States from Hungary by way of Italy , disagreed , saying his friend observed all the high holidays . "  I used to take her to the synagogue , " said the hair colorist who has a shop on the Upper West Side and cut Fischer 's hair for free . He received 25 percent of her estate . "  She was a great believer in God . " He described her as "  a free spirit . " "  She would say she liked weak men and strong coffee , " he said . "  She was always being taken out to eat by one person or another ; people bought her things , bought her food , bought her newspapers . But she was n't a down-and-out bag lady with a pushcart like the people in the movie . She was very neat , clean and she was a decent person . " He said her penny pinching was understandable "  because she lived through the Depression . " Last said that , throughout the years he knew Fischer , she lived on East 31st Street in a 10th-floor , sparsely furnished one-bedroom apartment in a building for senior citizens . Her rent -- about $ 145 per month -- was even lower than it would have been because she reported housing code violations in her apartment to authorities , who then declined to approve rent hikes , Last said . But Fischer spent much of her time outside the building , where she sat on a bench dressed in old clothes and carried on a busy social life . "  Everyone knew her , " he said . "  Everybody in the diner on the corner knew her . " Among her coterie was Rue McClanahan , who played Blanche Devereaux on "  The Golden Girls " and lived on the block , he said . Neighbors would sometimes give her items they no longer wanted . Fischer 's frugality was legend : She recycled greeting cards , crossing off the name of the original recipient and replacing it with the new one . "  She 'd write on the top of it : ` From Ida , ' " Last said . Instead of paying extra to get an unlisted telephone number , she simply listed it under someone else 's name , he said . Occasionally , Last , now 74 , would treat his neighbor to a meal at the diner or a nearby delicatessen , where her favorite dishes included lox . Though she was not thin , she would rarely finish what was on her plate . "  A lot of it , she would take home , " he said . "  She 'd take all the sugar and all the napkins ; she 'd bring extra jars to take coffee home in . " He always picked up the tab . "  There was never any question , " he said . "  I do n't think she ever bought anything . " Last , who was also born in Austria , helped Fischer increase her monthly pension from the Austrian government . He also helped her augment her income , giving Fischer $ 5 to sit in his Peugeot on days when the street sweeper went by so that he would not get a parking ticket . One day , Fischer asked Last about a flier she had received offering to help residents write their will for free . "  I looked into it and I found that this was the Brooklyn Law School ; they would send a lawyer who would take two students to people 's houses and do their wills , so I said , ` It 's OK . ' " Fischer asked Last to serve as executor and he agreed . She also told him that she would leave him money , but Last was unimpressed . "  I never thought she had any real money , " he said . "  She was enough of a pest that I told her , ` No , I do n't want it . ' " She took him at his word . Instead , she left a quarter of her $ 300,000 estate to Last 's wife , Silvia , a quarter to Szanto and half to Hebrew University in Jerusalem , where a spokesman said the school was grateful for the donation , but had no idea what inspired it . Though Fischer remained alert until the end , she faltered physically during her final months , when she "  very reluctantly " hired a woman to take care of her . "  She did n't want to pay for it , " Last said . Fischer died in 2007 of heart failure , he said . Last said Fischer had told him she had no relatives , but he discovered after her death that she had not been truthful . "  It turned out there was a sister and a nephew that she was n't on speaking terms with , " he said . Even after Fischer died , Last continued to learn about his friend 's penurious ways . When he went to a bank to carry out his duties as executor of the will , a vice president told him Fischer had taken advantage years before of a promotional offer of a year 's free access to a safe deposit box , Last said . But after the year elapsed , she refused to pay the $ 100 annual fee , he said . So the banker told him he kept Fischer 's Series E savings bonds for $ 60,000 in his desk drawer , Last said . Though the size of her total savings surprised him , Last said her dogged thrift could have explained it . He calculated that -- between her pension from Austria and her $ 800 monthly check from Social Security -- her monthly income was about $ 2,000 , of which she spent only about $ 500 . Fischer 's sister -- from whom she had long been estranged -- died a few months ago , said Fischer 's nephew , Peter Lynwander , who lives in Ridgewood , New Jersey . He said he last saw his aunt more than three decades ago at a family get-together . "  She was a live wire , " quick to pound out a waltz on the piano or to dance . He was not surprised at the sum of her savings : "  She worked all her life and she did n't live high . So I do n't think that 's all that unusual . " CNN 's story published Monday quoted a spokesman for the school as saying Fischer had survived a concentration camp and lived homeless on the streets of New York . Her friends and her nephew said neither was true . On Friday , school spokesman Richard Dukas said the discrepancies were the result of a miscommunication . Hebrew University "  regrets misinterpreting the facts about Ida 's amazing and generous story , " he said . "  What is clear is that Ida was a remarkable woman who has made a difference by supporting research and education at the Hebrew University of Jerusalem , something that will have an impact far beyond the borders of the state of Israel . "	Ida Fischer a Jewish immigrant who fled Europe before WWII Fischer lived in New York ; her frugality was legend among friends , neighbors She re-used greeting cards , got supplies from restaurants , paid rent of $ 145/month She left half her estate to Hebrew University in Jerusalem
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Meg Whitman , California 's Republican nominee for governor , denied Thursday ever seeing a letter from the federal government questioning her former housekeeper 's Social Security number . Whitman said she would be willing to take a polygraph test , to prove that she was "  really stunned " to learn just last year that Nicky Diaz Santillan was an undocumented worker . Lawyer Gloria Allred , who represents Santillan , on Thursday released a copy of a 2003 letter from the Social Security Administration that she called "  the smoking gun or smoking document " to prove Whitman knew her housekeeper was working illegally in the United States . Whitman , at a news conference an hour earlier , insisted she and her husband never saw such a letter . She said Santillan sorted their mail and "  might have been on the lookout for that letter . " The letter , shown to reporters Thursday afternoon , included a handwritten notation that Allred said was written by Whitman 's husband , Dr. Griffith Harsh . "  Nicky Please check this Thanks , " is scribbled at the bottom of the letter addressed to Whitman and her husband . Santillan kept the letter after Harsh gave it to her and the information requested by the Social Security Administration was not provided , Allred said . "  Now that we 've shown you the evidence , let 's see if she 's going to deny it , "  Allred said . Whitman , at a news conference a few miles away and an hour earlier , said she would take a polygraph test to prove she did not know her housekeeper was undocumented "  If it comes to that . " "  I would be delighted to do that , " Whitman said . The allegations became public Wednesday when Allred held a news conference with Santillan to say the former housekeeper was "  exploited , disrespected , humiliated and emotionally and financially abused " by the former eBay CEO . "  Make no mistake , these allegations are completely untrue they lack any merit whatsoever , " Whitman said Thursday . Whitman called the charges a "  political smear " orchestrated by her Democratic opponent , Jerry Brown . Allred said Thursday she has had no contact with the Brown campaign . The Whitman campaign gave reporters copies of immigration and IRS forms it said Santillan signed stating she was a legal resident of the United States when she first applied for employment as a housekeeper in 2000 . Allred claimed that back in August 2000 , Santillan "  was sent by an employment agency to interview with Meg Whitman for a job as a housekeeper . ... Nicky alleges that Ms. Whitman never asked if -LSB- she -RSB- was here legally , " Allred said . "  The inconvenient truth of the hypocrisy of Meg Whitman as illustrated by her employment of an undocumented worker and her exploitation of her was going to be revealed , because Nicky wanted to be legalized , " Allred said . "  Nicky was terminated in a sudden , cruel and heartless way , " she added . Allred said Santillan intends to file a claim for unfairly denied wages . Whitman said she paid her housekeeper $ 23 an hour to work 15 hours a week . Sometimes , she said , Santillan worked fewer hours but was paid for more . While Whitman called Santillan like a member of her family , the housekeeper described a cold Whitman firing her for political reason . "  When I met with Meg Whitman on June 20 , 2009 , I asked her for assistance , " Santillan said . "  I explained to her why I came to the United States . I explained that I was married and our economic situation in Mexico was very bad . We had no job , no food , no place to live and for that reason we made the decision to come here . " "  Ms. Whitman just laughed , " Santillan said . Whitman , Santillan claimed , also blamed herself for failing to previously ask for any documentation . Whitman , according to Santillan , indicated four days later that she could n't help the former housekeeper . "  She said , ' I can not help you and do not say anything to my children . I will tell them you already have a new job and that you want to go to school and from now on , you do n't know me and I do not know you . You have never seen me and I have never seen you . Do you understand me ? ' " Allred also outlined what she said were abusive labor practices by Whitman , including not reimbursing the maid for mileage when she ran errands and not allowing her maternity leave . "  When Nicky indicated to Ms. Whitman in March 2005 , that she needed to take a medical leave of absence for pregnancy , she alleges that she was told that unless she herself obtained someone to replace her , that her job might not be there for her when she returned . " Whitman denied the allegation , saying Santillan proposed the idea of having a friend fill in for her while she gave birth . While Santillan used her personal car to "  run a few errands , " she never asked for mileage reimbursement , Whitman said . Whitman has previously beat back allegations she was involved in a 2007 shoving altercation with an employee at eBay 's California headquarters after the Silicon Valley chief felt unprepared for an upcoming media interview . The incident reportedly led to a $ 200,000 settlement . Responding to the press conference , Whitman campaign lawyer Tom Hiltchak told reporters that , when hired in 2000 , Santillan gave Whitman false documentation , including IRS forms , a Social Security card , a California drivers license , and Department of Justice immigration forms in which the stated she was in the United States lawfully . Whitman is currently neck and neck with Brown in the polls . The issue of immigration looms large in California , as in other states along the Mexican border . Whitman has come out against Arizona 's controversial new anti-illegal immigration law , as well as California 's controversial Proposition 187 . However , she supports tough crackdowns on employers who hire illegal immigrants , requiring employers "  pay a fine and have their business license suspended for 10 days " for first-time offenses , with steeper fines and penalties for repeat offenders .	NEW : Lawyer shows a 2003 letter she calls the "  smoking document " NEW : Former housekeeper says note on the letter was Whitman 's husband 's handwriting Meg Whitman denies she or her husband ever saw the federal letter The California GOP nominee for governor calls it a "  political smear "
Baghdad  CNN  -- Western nations and Iran broached solutions over Tehran 's controversial nuclear program Wednesday , the latest push to end the saber-rattling over the Islamic republic 's atomic aspirations . Both sides , negotiating in Baghdad , delivered proposals in the latest round of talks between Iran and six nations -- the United States , France , Russia , China , Britain and Germany . The talks , a followup to negotiations last month , come amid a backdrop of tensions across the Middle East over Iran 's nuclear efforts . Western powers fear that Iran may be trying to build nuclear weapons , despite its insistence that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . The West has been using sanctions and diplomacy to try to stop Iran from producing nuclear arms . Tehran threatened this year to close the Strait of Hormuz , a vital oil shipping lane , if sanctions were imposed on its exports of crude oil . Israel , which is believed to have its own nuclear arsenal , has said it may attack Iran to try to stop Tehran from developing nuclear weapons . The six nations are "  putting forward a detailed proposal , which will include confidence-building measures that can begin to pave the way for Iran to demonstrate that its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes and for it to comply with UNSC  U.N. Security Council  resolutions , " said a Western official , who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions . "  This approach includes concrete step-by-step , reciprocal measures aimed at near-term action . We are looking to have detailed and serious discussions in Baghdad that strive to make progress towards these concrete steps , " the official said . Asked whether relief from the tough Western sanctions imposed on Iran will be on the table , the official said , "  There is no expectation it will happen as a result of this meeting . Iran would need to take significant concrete action first . " The Western official said bilateral talks between European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and Iran 's top nuclear negotiator , Saeed Jalili , had concluded . A closing plenary session will be held Thursday morning . When asked if there were a chance of a deal , another Western official , who requested anonymity because of sensitive diplomatic discussions , said , "  We 're not talking final deals , but solid progress . " Iran has submitted a package to the nations , with some , but not all , of the points addressing the nuclear issue , said a member of the Iranian delegation who asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the talks . Details were not immediately available . A British Foreign Office spokesman said world powers are offering support for Iranian economic and agricultural development and the country 's civilian nuclear program in exchange for cooperation . Another idea on the table is an updated version of an earlier offer to swap enriched uranium for nuclear fuel , European Union officials said . There had been a proposal to swap most of Iran 's low-enriched uranium for fuel rods to power a medical research reactor in Tehran . The proposals address the world community 's "  concerns about the nature of their nuclear program , " said Michael Mann , a spokesman for Ashton . "  Obviously , you have various U.N. Security Council resolutions and reports from the International Atomic Energy Agency  IAEA  that have found suspicions that they may be developing a military program , so our proposals on the table address those concerns , " Mann said . "  We hope that they will come back and react positively to those proposals that we 've made and that we can really talk about the substance and get things moving . " Mann said 20 % uranium enrichment "  is one of the issues that 's addressed " in proposals Ashton put on the table . Uranium enriched at 20 % is typically used for hospital isotopes and research reactors , but is also seen as a shortcut toward the 90 % enrichment required to build nuclear weapons . The Baghdad meeting takes place a day after the head of the IAEA said he would soon sign an agreement with Iran , a sign that Tehran may have agreed to broader inspections of its nuclear facilities . The talks come at a critical time for Iran . The country 's economy has been crippled by sanctions imposed by the United Nations , the United States and the European Union . Because 80 % of Iran 's foreign revenues are derived from oil exports , an embargo by the EU set to go into effect in July will put further pressure on its economy . Jalili was welcomed by the Iraqi foreign minister , Hoshyar Zebari , on his arrival Wednesday at Baghdad International Airport , the Iraqi Foreign Ministry said in a statement . Meanwhile , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu , who has repeatedly raised alarms about Iran 's nuclear development , said Monday that the world powers "  must show determination , not weakness " in the talks . "  They do not need to make concessions to Iran , " he said in remarks distributed by his office . "  They need to set clear and unequivocal demands before it . " Israel wants Iran to halt all uranium enrichment , give up all nuclear fuel it has enriched so far and dismantle the Fordo enrichment plant it built into a mountainside . "  Only thus will it be possible to ensure that Iran will not have a nuclear bomb , " Netanyahu said . Opinion : Reality check , please On Wednesday , Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak urged other countries to intensify the pressure on Iran . "  Without a tightening of the sanctions , Iran will not stop nuclear program development , " he said . Leaders of the so-called Group of Eight -- the United States , Canada , the United Kingdom , Germany , France , Italy , Japan and Russia -- called Saturday on Iran to comply with the requirements of the IAEA and open its doors to nuclear inspectors . In a declaration , the G-8 leaders said they welcomed the resumption of talks . The IAEA has been demanding access to sites where Iran could be doing weapons-related testing . The agency 's director-general , Yukiya Amano , met with Iranian negotiator Jalili in Tehran on Monday . "  During the meeting , we discussed a wide spectrum of different issues , including nuclear disarmament , peaceful use of nuclear energy and strengthening  the position of  the agency , " Amano said Tuesday in Vienna after returning from the visit to Iran . "  During my stay in Tehran , there was an important development on the structured approach document on which we were working since January , " he said , adding that a "  decision was made by me and Mr. Jalili to reach the agreement on the structured approach . " Amano told reporters he raised the issue of access to Parchin , the military complex believed to have been the site of high-explosive tests related to nuclear weapons research . "  This issue will be addressed as part of the implementation of the structured approach document , " he said . Amano said differences remained , but Jalili said they would not pose obstacles to signing the agreement . The "  decision was made to conclude and sign the agreement , " Amano said . Iran 's state-run Islamic Republic News Agency said that in meetings , both sides "  discussed present problems more candidly , providing each other with proposals to remove ambiguities and expand cooperation . " Foreign Minister Ali Akbar Salehi "  welcomed the new IAEA approach toward Iran 's nuclear issue based on mutual understanding and bilateral respect , " IRNA reported Tuesday . The United States , France , Russia , China , Britain and Germany are called the P5 +1 , a reference to Germany and the other nations , permanent members of the U.N. Security Council . Another name for the group is the E3 +3 , a reference to the European countries of Germany , France and Britain and the others . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom in Baghdad , Matthew Chance in London and Reza Sayah in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Bilateral talks held ; plenary session is Thursday The meeting takes place a day after the IAEA said it expects a new deal with Iran soon Iran 's nuclear program has created tension in the Middle East and beyond Tehran says the program is for peaceful purposes , but Israel wants it to end all enrichment
CNN  -- After finishing tied for 40th at the Masters in April , Rory McIlroy might have been expected to throw himself into a punishing training regime . After all , golf 's U.S. Open champion was one of the tipsters ' favorites to take the title in Augusta . But the 22-year-old Northern Irishman , so often hyped as the next Tiger Woods , failed to erase memories of his nightmare collapse at the same tournament 12 months previously . But McIlroy did n't brood . He did n't even pick up a club . Instead the world No. 2 flew to Europe for a vacation with his girlfriend , Danish tennis star Caroline Wozniacki . They holidayed in Copenhagen and Nice . And even flew to Belfast to watch Ulster 's rugby team take on Leinster . Somehow they found the time to meet Britain 's Queen Elizabeth at a horse racing event . Wells Fargo Championship leaderboard It seems the green was the last thing on McIlroy 's mind since that disappointing Masters performance . But now , as he returns to the PGA Tour for this week 's Wells Fargo Championship -- a tournament he won in 2010 -- McIlroy says taking time out will be the key to his success . "  I do n't want to be burned out by the time I 'm 30 . I want to try to prolong my career as much as I can . I sometimes take a little bit too much out of myself , especially at the end of the season , " he said on the PGA Tour website . "  I 'm trying to find the perfect balance between golf and having a normal life and everything else . For me there 's more to life than just golf . I do n't know if people are surprised to hear that , but I have a lot more going on in my life than just golf . " McIlroy has reason to be confident at Quail Hollow . It was here that he won his first PGA Tour title two years ago , shooting 62 in the final round to set a new course record . He also became the first player since Woods to win a PGA Tour event before his 21st birthday . "  It 's always nice to come back to somewhere where you 've had success , " he said . "  I 've got great memories of this course and of this tournament from 2010 . I 've played some great golf here and played not so great golf here last year . But I 'm looking forward just to get back out on the course . " Wells Fargo is the first of four tournaments McIlroy will play before launching his U.S. Open title defense in June . He has drastically cut back his schedule to 23 starts this year -- seven less than 2011 . But as he argues , it 's all part of the game plan . "  Basically the most important time for me in the golf season is from the start of April until the end of August . That 's when all the big tournaments are and that 's when you want to play your best golf , " he said . "  All the stuff either side of that is more preparation work and making sure that your game is getting ready and your body is physically ready for that time of the year . "  I know I 've been criticized a little bit for not playing as much as some other guys leading into these few weeks , but I know I 've got a big stretch coming up , and I want to be as fresh as possible for this . "	U.S. Open champion Rory McIlroy returns to PGA Tour after a disappointing Masters , Instead of training , the 22-year-old went on a holiday with girlfriend Caroline Wozniacki McIlroy cuts down his schedule of events , saying he does n't want to burn out The Northern Irishman is feeling confident at Quail Hollow , where he won in 2010
CNN  -- An undocumented student from Mexico who was arrested and held in a deportation facility after she was stopped for a minor traffic violation in Georgia was found guilty on Thursday of driving without a license . A jury in Cobb County , Georgia also found 22-year-old Jessica Colotl not guilty of impeding traffic , the reason police gave for pulling her over on the campus of Kennesaw State University . Conviction on the misdemeanor charge of driving without a license is punishable by up to a year in jail , said her lawyer , Jerome Lee . The conviction includes a mandatory minimum of 48 hours in jail , of which Colotl has already served around 45 1/2 , Lee said . Lee said that Colotl plans to appeal the verdict . Colotl became a lightning rod in the immigration debate last spring , when advocates for immigration reform said her case was a symbol of a broken system . On Thursday , Lee said that she had recently obtained a learner 's permit , which he said was grounds to dismiss the misdemeanor charge under Georgia law . "  The jury essentially refused to properly read the statute , as juries often do , " he said . Colotl 's legal problems started in late March when her car was stopped on the campus of Kennesaw State . Born in Mexico but living in the United States since she was 11 , she could not produce a driver 's license , so she handed over as identification an expired passport from Mexico . She was arrested the next day and turned over to immigration officials . She spent more than a month in the Etowah Detention Center in Alabama . Friends came out in force and marched on campus in her defense . In May , she was released , and her deportation was deferred for a year , which will allow her to finish her studies . But she was quickly arrested on a warrant for the Cobb County Sheriff 's Office and released on $ 2,500 bail . "  I 'm just trying to live the American dream and finish my education , " she said at the time . On Thursday , Lee said that other than completing college , his client 's plans for the future are unclear . "  There are so many variables in terms of what 's going to happen , " he said , "  that it 's a little too early to say . "	22-year-old Jessica Colotl became a lighting rod in immigration debate this year The conviction carries maximum of 12 months in jail Her lawyer says Colotl will appeal the decision
A drone that just started flying for energy giant BP in Alaska is the first commercial drone operation authorized over land by the Federal Aviation Administration , the agency announced Tuesday . The FAA said Tuesday it approved BP 's plan for an unmanned aircraft system to survey roads , pipelines and other equipment at Prudhoe Bay , Alaska , the largest oilfield in the United States . The drone 's manufacturer , AeroVironment , conducted its first flight for BP on Sunday , the FAA said , but the flight of the 4 1/2 - foot-long aircraft was n't disclosed by the FAA until Tuesday morning . It was the first such commercial flight authorized over land . Last summer , the FAA authorized drone flights over Arctic waters . The FAA has greatly restricted the commercial use of drones over U.S. land and water as it seeks to safely integrate them into national airspace . Entities that fly drones must first get certificates of authorization , and those have gone chiefly to government enterprises and those conducting research . Under AeroVironment 's certificate , the company can operate only in daytime , where there is a visibility of 3 miles , and the aircraft must be kept in sight . The company must also notify air traffic controllers . Last week , the FAA announced that Nevada will host the third of six congressionally mandated drone research sites . The FAA granted the Nevada team a two-year certificate to use an Insitu ScanEagle at the Desert Rock Airport in Mercury , Nevada . Desert Rock , owned and operated by the Department of Energy , is a private airport and not for general use . Meanwhile , seven aerial photo and video production companies have asked for regulatory exemptions that would allow the film and television industries to use unmanned aircraft systems with FAA approval for the first time . The Motion Picture Association of America facilitated the exemption requests on behalf of its membership .	The 4 1/2 - foot-long aircraft aims to survey equipment and roads at Prudhoe Bay , Alaska , oilfield The drone 's flight was the first such commercial flight approved over land Last summer , the FAA authorized drone flights over Arctic waters The FAA is seeking to safely integrate drones into national airspace
Jerusalem  CNN  -- The United Nations moved Wednesday to calm tensions along the Blue Line separating Lebanon and Israel , a day after violence erupted . In an extraordinary meeting , the commander of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon , Major-General Alberto Asarta Cuevas , led talks between top representatives of the Lebanese Armed Forces and the Israel Defense Forces . The meeting was held at the U.N. position at the Ras Al Naqoura crossing in south Lebanon . "  UNIFIL informed the parties that a thorough investigation into yesterday 's events is under way and presented its preliminary findings , " UNIFIL said . "  UNIFIL urged the parties to exercise maximum restraint , avoid any action that could serve to heighten tensions , and work with UNIFIL in taking steps to prevent any recurrence of such a situation , " it said . Asarta said both parties were committed to ending hostilities and to complying with U.N. Security Council Resolution 1701 , the agreement that ended a five-week war between the Lebanese group Hezbollah and Israel in 2006 . Resolution 1701 , which was intended to resolve the 2006 conflict , bars Israel from conducting military operations in Lebanon . Israel has accused Lebanon-based Hezbollah , considered a terrorist group by the United States , of violating the resolution by smuggling arms into southern Lebanon . The United Nations said Tuesday 's violence broke out after Israel announced it planned to cut down a tree near the Blue Line , the line of demarcation that Resolution 1701 requires both sides to respect . UNIFIL said Wednesday that the tree was in Israeli territory . A Lebanese army unit stopped the Israelis , and U.N. peacekeepers intervened , Lebanon 's official National News Agency said . The Lebanese army said it asked the U.N. force to arbitrate the issue , but the Israeli forces did n't comply and instead entered Lebanese territory . That led the Lebanese army to open fire , with Israeli forces returning artillery fire and hitting a house in the village of Odaise . An Israeli officer was killed . The National News Agency said two Lebanese soldiers and a journalist were killed . "  The exchange of fire started , although we did our best to prevent it , " Alain Le Roy , the world body 's top peacekeeping official , told reporters in New York . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu warned Lebanon and the Palestinians Wednesday that Israel would react with force to what he called violent provocation against its citizens . "  I want to make it clear to the Hamas and to the Lebanese government that they are responsible , that we see them responsible for the violent provocation against our soldiers , " Netanyahu said . "  Do not test our determination to protect the citizens of Israel and its soldiers . Our policy is clear : Israel will react and will continue to react with force to any attack against its citizens and soldiers , " he said . Netanyahu appealed to the international community to support Israel 's right to defend itself . "  The U.N. announcement today clearly corroborates the Israeli version of events , " said Mark Regev , an Israeli government spokesman , in a written statement . "  Our routine activity yesterday was conducted entirely SOUTH of the frontier -- on the Israeli side -- and that the Lebanese army opened fire without any provocation or justification whatsoever . " But UNIFIL said , "  The investigations are still ongoing " and the body 's findings will be released only after they conclude . Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said Israel violated U.N. Resolution 1701 in crossing the Blue Line and by bombing a Lebanese army checkpoint in Odaise . He said Israeli aggression needs "  to be confronted , whatever the sacrifices are " and that he will pursue the issue diplomatically . Meanwhile , Egypt blamed the Palestinians for this week 's rocket attacks on Red Sea port cities in Israel and Jordan , the official MENA news agency reported . A senior Jordanian official told CNN that Egyptian investigations proved that Palestinian factions from Gaza were behind a rocket attack in Aqaba . One person was killed and five others wounded when a rocket landed in front of a hotel , the official Jordanian news agency , Petra , reported . Several apparent rocket explosions also were heard in the nearby Israeli city of Eilat , the Israeli military reported . No damage or injuries were reported . Hamas spokesman Sami Abu Zuhri called the Egyptians "  unprofessional and unreliable " and said they were politically driven to justify the blockade of Gaza . CNN 's Saad Abedine , Nada Husseini and Michal Zippori contributed to this report .	NEW : UNIFIL chairs talks between Israelis , Lebanese U.N. probe says Israel was on its side of the border in deadly clashes Israeli and Lebanese troops fired on each other Tuesday Differing narratives emerge from Israeli , Lebanese sides
CNN  -- The remnants of Chantal are n't much to look at , but they still threaten to bring heavy rains and fierce wind gusts to Jamaica and Cuba . Chantal , which dissipated into a tropical wave on Wednesday , is moving through the Caribbean at 23 mph . The remnants of Chantal are expected to spread over Jamaica and eastern Cuba Wednesday night , and could be near Florida by Friday , the National Hurricane Center said . The tropical wave was about 230 miles  370 kilometers  east-southeast of Kingston , Jamaica , on Wednesday evening . Track the storm Chantal had been packing 65 mph winds earlier in the week , but the storm 's top sustained winds slipped to 45 mph early Wednesday , according to forecasters . Even as it weakens , tropical storm force winds from Chantal could still affect Haiti and eastern Cuba into Thursday , the center said . Remnants of Chantal are expected to produce 3-6 inches of rainfall in Hispaniola , Jamaica , parts of Cuba and the southeastern Bahamas .	NEW : Chantal has degenerated into a tropical wave NEW : Jamaica and Cuba could see rains , winds Some spots could get as much as 6 inches of rain Chantal now has top sustained winds of 45 mph
Lille  CNN  -- A year that began in uncertainty for Roger Federer ended with a historic title for the 17-time grand slam champion and his country . When Federer defeated Richard Gasquet of France 6-4 6-2 6-2 in front of another record crowd Sunday , it gave Federer a maiden Davis Cup title at the not so tender age of 33 . The visitors prevailed 3-1 in the best-of-five match series . Switzerland had never before won team tennis ' most prestigious event , playing in one previous final in 1992 when Federer was merely 11 . "  For me personally , obviously I 'm unbelievably happy because I 've been playing in this competition for probably almost 15 years now , " Federer told reporters as he sat among his teammates . "  At the end of the day I wanted it more for the guys . "  This is one for the boys . " With Federer committing to every round of the Davis Cup this season -- unlike in years past -- and the emergence of compatriot Stan Wawrinka , it greatly boosted Switzerland 's chances of success . Federer thus concluded 2014 with one of the biggest titles to elude him and a ranking of No. 2 , a considerable achievement given back issues largely contributed to his ranking slipping to eighth in January . Indeed , some wondered -- with justification -- if Federer could ever come close to recapturing his old form . He did , and Federer was sharp Saturday in doubles alongside Wawrinka and then dominant against Gasquet in Lille , northern France . Only one week ago Federer was , according to Novak Djokovic , a "  question mark " for the Davis Cup final after he withdrew from the final of the World Tour Finals in London against the No. 1 with further back troubles . His name was included in the Davis Cup draw Thursday , ensuring one of the highest profile finals in recent memory , but Federer suffered his most lopsided loss in the competition Friday against Gael Monfils . The positive , he insisted afterwards , was that his body felt fine as the match progressed , and his words ultimately were not a smoke screen . To say that Federer toyed with Gasquet would n't be much of a stretch . Gasquet , 2-12 versus Federer entering the match , started with an emphatic hold , but that was as good as it got for the prodigy who has never quite delivered . "  You saw how well Roger was playing , how he just killed Richard today , " said Wawrinka . Gasquet , replacing the injured Jo-Wilfried Tsonga , was broken for 2-1 , which set the tone . Federer lost just 14 points on his own serve and did n't face a break point . Evidencing how well his back must have been feeling , he soared and stretched to put away a smash with venomous side spin in the second set . There was deft touch to seal the tie , Federer executing a half-volley drop shot before falling onto the clay at the Stade Pierre Mauroy . He joined the likes of Rafael Nadal , Rod Laver and Andre Agassi in winning a Davis Cup plus all four majors . Unlike in majors , when players usually make the trek to their box after a title , in the Davis Cup the team habitually floods the court . Federer noticed the difference . "  It was definitely one of the better feelings in my career , no doubt about it , " he said . "  So much nicer to celebrate it all together . "  So thanks for running up to me and screaming in my ear . It was good fun . " Though he applied the knockout blow , Wawrinka 's performance this weekend should n't be forgotten , and Federer took note . He crushed Tsonga to give Switzerland its first point Friday and combined wonderfully with Federer in the doubles , his raw power a fine accompaniment to the artistry of Federer . If he harbored any animosity towards Federer for reportedly being taunted by Federer 's wife , Mirka , last week at the World Tour Finals , he did n't show it . Wawrinka 's season began in superb fashion with a first grand slam title in Melbourne and Sunday ensures it terminates well , following some bumps in between . "  It is an exceptional year for me , " said Wawrinka . But what to make of the French ? The brief fireworks produced inside the stadium after Switzerland 's win provided more electricity than anything produced by Tsonga or Gasquet on the court . About 90 percent of the record crowd of 27,448 for a pro tennis match Sunday were French fans , but they barely had an opportunity to get into the match . Over the three days , France claimed one set in the matches it lost . "  The French team said they were ready to go to war , if I can quote them , " Wawrinka said . "  What happened was totally the opposite . " Tsonga said a lingering arm injury returned Friday and the pain intensified following his outing against Wawrinka , yet the French No. 1 has not had a good year -- barring one tournament in Toronto . Gasquet has never had the reputation of being a clutch player -- his play in doubles and against Federer wo n't help to shed the label . And so France 's drought , at least on the men 's side , continues . A generation that promised plenty and was so determined to win the Davis Cup this year for a tennis loving nation has underachieved . France , in an atypical luxury , contested all four of its series this year at home but was still unable to snap a 13-year drought . "  If you look at the tie as a whole , you can see that the Swiss players are at a higher level than us , " French captain Arnaud Clement told reporters . "  They 're top  two  and top four of the world . We prepared for that as much as we could . But we knew that beating them would need an exceptional performance . " When Wawrinka was asked for a percentage regarding his availability for Switzerland 's opening tie against Belgium next year , he replied , "  I think the percentage we 're going to drink alcohol tonight is very high . " If the French players were to drink some alcohol , it would be for different reasons .	Switzerland wins its first Davis Cup title after Roger Federer routs Richard Gasquet The Swiss win the series 3-1 in Lille to disappoint most of the large crowd in northern France Federer has won almost everything in his career , just missing an Olympic singles gold He got support from Stan Wawrinka , who shone in his two matches this weekend
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Defense Minister Ehud Barak announced his resignation Monday , saying he will quit politics in January to spend more time with his family . His resignation comes at a highly delicate time for Israel , which is observing a fragile cease-fire with the militant Palestinian group Hamas after an eight-day conflict that killed more than 160 people -- the overwhelming majority of them Palestinians in Gaza . Read more : Ehud Barak sings praises of Obama administration Barak , who is married and the father of three children , said Monday at a news conference in Tel Aviv that he will continue as defense minister for the next three months , as elections are due in January . He said he wo n't contest the elections . Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestine Liberation Organization 's executive committee , weighed in on the announcement . "  I hope this signals recognition of the futility of the military approach in the adoption of violence as means of dealing with the Palestinians , " she said . "  If it is for personal reasons , we can not comment , but if it 's recognition that his whole career was based on the military approach to political life , then this demonstrates the recognition of the futility of militarism and violence . " Some Israeli political commentators had speculated ahead of the announcement that Barak was planning to quit the government of Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu to form a new center-left party . Read more : Former Israeli PM calls for U.S. to lead any Iran strike But Barak told reporters that new faces in leadership roles would benefit Israel . "  I feel it is important that other people should take leading positions in Israel . Changes in the position of power are a good thing . There are many ways to contribute to the society and the country , and not necessarily through politics , " he said . Barak served as defense minister under former Prime Minister Ehud Olmert between 2007 and 2009 , and retained the post under Netanyahu from 2009 until the present . He also held the title of deputy prime minister for both administrations . He had previously served as prime minister between July 1999 and March 2001 , when he was defeated in an election by Ariel Sharon . From 2001 until his return to politics in 2005 , Barak worked in the private sector . Read more : Israel , Gaza cease-fire talks to resume CNN 's Michael Schwartz and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : PLO official : "  I hope this signals recognition of the futility of the military approach in ... dealing with the Palestinians " Ehud Barak says he wants to spend more time with his family Despite speculation of a new party , he says he wo n't contest the elections due in January His resignation comes after a lethal conflict with Hamas in Gaza
CNN  -- Athletes will use rifles , stones , skis and blades Monday in their quest for Olympic glory . Here are five things to look for on the fifth day of the Sochi Winter Olympics : Biathlon Keep an eye on Norway 's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , the Michael Phelps of the Winter Games . He competes in the biathlon , in which cross country skiers pause at appointed spots to shoot rifles at targets . The sport has origins in the hunting practices of northern Europeans . Bjoerndalen , 40 , became the oldest individual gold medalist in Winter Games history on Saturday by winning the men 's biathlon 10km sprint . He tied cross country skier Bjorn Daehlie of Norway for a record 12 Olympic Winter medals . He could become the outright record-holder if he wins a 13th medal Monday in the men 's 12.5-km pursuit . Who else to watch : Dominik Landertinger of Austria and Jaroslav Soukup of Czech Republic have the second and third starting positions behind Bjoerndalen . Emil Hegle Svendsen of Norway has won world titles in all the biathlon events . Curling For people who do n't know anything about winter sports , curling is a hoot . It 's a lot like shuffleboard on ice , relying on strategy more than strength or quickness . Two teams of four players each slide heavy polished stones across the ice toward a circular target . Points are scored by placing stones closest to the center of the target . The U.S. men will compete against Norway . The United States won bronze at the 2006 games but finished poorly in 2010 . Team members John Shuster and Jeff Isaacson competed in the 2006 and 2010 Winter Games for the United States . The U.S. women will face Switzerland on Monday . One of the United States ' top players is Ericka Brown , 41 , who comes from a curling family . Her husband , father , mother and brother have all competed on the Olympic or national level . Who else to watch : Canada has dominated men 's curling for the past decade and won gold at the 2010 games in Vancouver . Sweden won gold for the women at the last Olympics . Women 's Alpine Skiing Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein hopes to follow in her mother 's ski tracks . Mom Hanni Wenzel won gold in the alpine skiing slalom at Lake Placid in 1980 , making her the only woman from Liechtenstein to ever win an Olympic gold medal . Two of the five alpine skiing events will take place Monday . In the downhill , the athletes will cover the longest distance of any event and hit the highest speeds , sometimes close to 75 mph  120 kph  . In the slalom , athletes ski through a course marked with tightly placed flags and gates . Who else to watch : Maria Hoefl-Riesch of Germany won gold in two events at the 2010 games . Teenager Mikaela Shiffrin of the United States is a favorite in the slalom . Short track skating This is one of the Winter Games ' newest and most exciting events . It did n't become an official Olympic competition until 1992 . With extremely tight turns , each race presents the possibility of collisions and spills . Charles Hamelin of Canada is the favorite to win the 1,500 meters . In the 2010 games at Vancouver , he won gold in the 500-meter event as well as the 5,000-meter relay . Viktor Ahn of Russia could also win the event . J.R. Celski of the United States won bronze in 2010 and is a threat . The Olympic races include 500m , 1000m , and 1500m races  for both men and women  , and relay races at 3000m  women  and 5000m  men  . Who else to watch : Some other contenders in the 1,500 include Lee Han-Bin and Sin Da Woon , both of Korea . Freestyle skiing This is going to get bumpy . In perhaps the most jarring of all winter sports , mogul skiers try to fly through a course while bouncing over huge mounds of snow . Oh , and they throw in some flips and aerial turns in between , too . On Monday , a new king of the mounds will be crowned . Canada 's Mikael Kingsbury is a favorite to win the gold . The 21-year-old has been skiing moguls since he was 8 years old . Who else to watch : Another Canadian , Alex Bilodeau , and American Patrick Deneen are also strong contenders .	Keep an eye on Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , the Michael Phelps of the Winter Games The U.S. men 's team competes against Norway in curling Tina Weirather of Liechtenstein hopes to follow in her mother 's ski tracks A new king of the mounds will be crowned in freestyle skiing
CNN  -- Geoffrey Holder , a versatile artist known for his ability as a dancer , actor and -- most famously to most of America -- a pitchman for 7Up , has died . He was 84 . The cause was complications due to pneumonia , according to Charles M. Mirotznik , his family 's attorney . Holder , who stood an imposing 6-foot-6 and had a deep , mellifluous , Caribbean-lilted voice , was a multitalented performer who easily shifted between painting , theater , film and TV . He won two Tony awards in 1975 for the musical "  The Wiz , " the vibrant all-black re-telling of "  The Wizard of Oz . " Holder earned awards for best direction and a Tony for best costume design . With his regal stature made him an unforgettable presence on screen , as well . Some of his more memorable work appears in 1967 's "  Doctor Dolittle , " 1982 's "  Annie " and 1973 's "  Live and Let Die , " in which he faced off against Roger Moore 's James Bond as the villain Baron Samedi . In later decades he worked with Eddie Murphy in 1992 's "  Boomerang , " and more recently did voice work in 2005 's "  Charlie and the Chocolate Factory . " Holder could even make a commercial sing . For TV viewers in the '70s and '80s , the performer was most familiar as the dapper pitchman in 7Up ads , telling viewers to sample the "  Un-Cola " in his rich voice . For someone who was renowned in so many arenas , Holder 's advertising work may have come as a surprise . But as he explained to People magazine in 1975 , "  I 'm no snob . The commercial is an art form unto itself . After all , you are seducing people . " Holder honed his artistic gifts from an early age . Born in Port of Spain , Trinidad , in 1930 , he joined his older brother 's dance troupe at the age of 7 . By 1954 , Holder was making his Broadway debut in the musical "  House of Flowers . " He followed that up with principal dancer work with New York 's Metropolitan Opera Ballet in 1955 and 1956 , and went on to star in an all-black production of "  Waiting for Godot " in 1957 . That same year , he was awarded a Guggenheim fellowship for painting . On top of that , Holder was also an author : He released a cookbook of Caribbean cuisine in 1973 . Holder is survived by his wife , Carmen De Lavallade , whom he married in 1955 , and their son , LÃ © o. People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Doug Ganley contributed to this report .	Multifaceted artist Geoffrey Holder has died at 84 The cause was complications from pneumonia He was a two-time Tony winner whose career spanned theater , film , TV and publishing He 's survived by his wife and son
Editor 's note : This story is part of an ongoing series of profiles CNN is doing about economic survival in this time of financial crisis . Nicole Thompson-Arce poses on her wedding day with her husband , Mathew Arce , and her ex-mother-in-law . CNN  -- Struggling to make ends meet , trying to dig themselves out of debt , Nicole Thompson-Arce and her husband have moved in with her ex-husband . Together , the unlikely threesome of Omaha , Nebraska , is raising two young daughters from the first marriage . It 's the kind of situation that has left cable guys howling . "  They 'd never heard anything like this , " Thompson-Arce , 28 , remembered with a laugh . "  And they 're in people 's homes everyday . " When she and Craig Thompson , 42 , were going through a divorce in 2005 , this was not a deal either of them could have imagined striking . It was a messy divorce , the kind involving a custody dispute . But once they ironed out that battle , agreeing to joint custody , Thompson-Arce said they were able to move on and forward . iReport : Read Thompson-Arce 's post By the time she married Mathew Arce last July , she said she and her ex were friends . In fact , they were so close that his mother -- meaning Thompson-Arce 's ex-mother-in-law -- was in  not just at  the second wedding ceremony . Soon after the Florida wedding , the new lovebirds flew into a financial mess . She had left a job , and as soon as she found another  a temp position  , her 22-year-old husband was fired from his higher-paying gig . iReport.com : Job hunt stories They fell behind in rent . The bills stacked up . The credit card debt grew . iReport.com : What are you cutting from budget ? A couple months later , Arce , landed a temporary Wal-Mart cashier position , which has since turned into a full-time job . But finances remained shaky and digging themselves out of debt seemed insurmountable . Tell us how you 're surviving in this economy In walked the ex with an offer , just in time for Christmas . Thompson , an 18-year bakery employee at Wal-Mart , lives in a three-bedroom , one-bath home . "  I knew they were having money problems , so I just asked them to move in , " he said . "  I figured I 'd get to see my girls , my daughters , more often . And Nicole said yes right away . " Besides the economic savings , the benefits are many . No longer do they have to shuttle Victoria , 7 , and Caitlyn , 6 , between two households . As a team , they can parent and be on the same page . Finding a baby sitter is never a problem . They take turns making meals , which they all share . Thompson and Arce , who are 20 years apart -- "  I had to get the whole spectrum going there , " Thompson-Arce joked -- have become the best of friends , and share a similar sense of humor . They have tackled home improvement projects , run around together on days they both have off and often hang out at the kitchen table building plastic models . "  We just clicked , " Thompson said . "  When I tell people , ` I 'm living with my ex-wife and her husband , ' I get some really strange looks . ... It 's different . It 's unusual , but it works . " The transition has been smooth and great for the kids , Thompson-Arce said . And for their benefit , irrespective of finances , she thinks it 's a living situation they 'll stick with for at least five to 10 years . It has , however , taken a little time for the little ones to get the story straight . Seven-year-old Victoria went back to school after winter break -- and after the whole team had blended under one roof -- and started telling people this : " ` My mommy has two husbands , ' " Thompson-Arce remembered . "  I was like , ` No , honey , do n't tell them that ! ' " What she and both men hope the girls are learning is that divorced parents can work together and be friends . "  There are so many families that go through divorce and can never let it go , " she said . "  I 'm thankful , and hopefully our situation can help people rethink things because if they have kids , it 's in their best interest to get along . " One might wonder whether the couple , who 've been married for less than a year , get enough time alone together , given where they 're living . Thompson-Arce points out that her ex works a shift that sends him to bed at 7 p.m. , so the evenings -- after the kids are asleep -- are for her and her husband to share . Watch restaurant holds date night event " "  When they do have a romantic evening , I do n't hear them , so we 're not going there , " Thompson quipped . "  There 's a bathroom between our two bedrooms . " The ex-husband has n't dated since the divorce . He said it 's because he 's been focused on work and taking care of the kids . Thompson-Arce , however , said that she and her husband are forever trying to get Thompson on the dating scene and want him to meet someone special . Special , and understanding , she would most definitely need to be . "  He 'd have to find a very open-minded woman because we do n't plan on going anywhere anytime soon , " Thompson-Arce said .	Financially strapped couple moves in with wife 's ex-husband to save The Omaha , Nebraska , threesome find an arrangement that works Together they raise two kids and teach that divorced parents can get along Ex-husband : "  When I tell people ... I get some really strange looks "
CNN  -- Egypt 's general prosecutor on Monday extended the detention of two of former President Hosni Mubarak 's sons , saying further investigation is needed . Gamal and Alaa Mubarak will be held for another 15 days , the prosecutor 's office said in a statement , adding that members of the office went to Tora prison to conduct questioning . Gamal and Alaa Mubarak 's lawyers were present , the statement said . The two were being questioned "  regarding the prices of their real estate , lands and their role in intervening in the program of settling Egypt 's debts , " as well as commissions on a gas deal with Israel and their roles in "  mandatory partnerships with foreign companies in Egypt , " the statement said . They were also being asked about "  their role in privatization and evaluation of private shares and selling them , " the prosecutor 's office said . Last month , Egyptians exulted over the detention of their ailing former president and his two sons in a probe exploring the killing of protesters in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the center of the country 's dramatic uprising earlier this year that led to Mubarak 's ouster . Mubarak and his two sons were detained in connection with the protesters ' deaths , an official with Egypt 's Justice Ministry said at the time . Prosecutors have also been investigating what properties and bank accounts the Mubaraks have . Hosni Mubarak has decried accusations of responsibility in the deaths , saying the probe is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . He has also said he and his children have not violated any laws , and that an investigation of the properties they own will show they 've done nothing wrong .	Gamal , Alaa Mubarak were detained in April Prosecutor says they 're being questioned on real estate , other financial deals Hosni Mubarak has denied wrongdoing by him or his sons
CNN  -- The death toll in the Bangladesh building collapse two weeks ago now stands at 823 , an army spokesman said Wednesday , according to the state news agency . Rescue workers managed to save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the April 24 collapse , but their work for the past week has focused on using heavy machinery to uncover the remaining bodies buried inside the ruins . The news agency also reported that two volunteer rescuers have been killed during the rescue and salvage operation . The building , which housed five factories full of garment workers , caved in , burying hundreds of people in a heap of mangled concrete in Savar , a suburb of the capital , Dhaka . It is the South Asian nation 's deadliest industrial disaster .	The death toll in the Bangladesh building collapse two weeks ago now stands at 823 Rescue workers managed to save more than 2,400 people in the aftermath of the collapse The building , which housed five factories , caved in , burying hundreds in a heap of concrete
Athens  CNN  -- The leader of Greece 's extreme right wing Golden Dawn party and four party lawmakers have been arrested on charges of forming a criminal gang , Athens police said Saturday . The arrests of the leader , Nikos Michaloliakos , and lawmakers Elias Kassidiaris , Elias Panagiotaros , Ioannis Lagos and Nikos Mihos are part of a crackdown following a controversial stabbing death . At least 10 more people have been arrested , including Golden Dawn party members , police said . More than 30 warrants were issued as police operations were launched across Greece Saturday . One more Golden Dawn lawmaker is still being sought , police said . Pavlos Fyssas , a popular anti-fascist figure and well-known hip-hop artist with the stage name Killah P , was the victim of the knife attack that was allegedly committed by a Golden Dawn supporter . Clashes broke out in a working-class Athens suburb last week , as Fyssas ' death inflamed already growing concerns about the rising influence of Golden Dawn . The ultranationalist , anti-immigration party has been linked by critics to street violence and neo-Nazism . The violence came despite police raids of Golden Dawn offices and the arrest of a 45-year-old party supporter who police say admitted killing Pavlos Fyssas . Kassidiaris last week denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death , calling it a "  heinous crime . " The singer 's death has nevertheless led to renewed calls to ban Golden Dawn The Greek constitution does not allow for political parties to be banned , however , and the party 's arrested lawmakers will retain their parliamentary seats unless they are convicted of a crime . Golden Dawn holds 18 of Parliament 's 300 seats . It is the first time since the restoration of democracy in 1974 , following a seven-year junta , that a party leader and members of parliament have been arrested . Deputy Prime Minister Evangelos Venizelos , whose socialist Pasok party is part of the governing coalition , said last week that Golden Dawn "  must be dealt with as a criminal organization . " In 2012 , the party rode a wave of dissatisfaction among some Greeks over internationally imposed austerity measures amid the country 's deep financial crisis , winning 7 % of the vote and gaining seats in parliament for the first time . Recent polls had seen support rise as high as 12 % . However , since Fyssas ' killing last week , opinion polls suggest that Golden Dawn 's popularity has dropped . A poll carried out from September 19 to 21 by Rass , for the Eleftheros Typos newspaper , indicated that support for Golden Dawn had fallen to 5.8 % , down from 8.3 % on September 15 . Back in 2009 , before the financial crisis and ensuing austerity measures hit Greeks hard , the party polled only 0.3 % .	NEW : 4 party lawmakers as well as the leader of Golden Dawn have been arrested -- police Party leader Nikos Michaloliakos and others face charges of forming a criminal gang The arrests are part of a crackdown following the stabbing death of a hip-hop artist Kassidiaris has denied his party 's involvement in Fyssas ' death
A former top Justice Department official in Arizona leaked an internal memo from a federal agent who had criticized the politically charged "  Fast and Furious " gun trafficking operation , a government report found . Dennis Burke , who was U.S. Attorney for the state , admitted to senior Justice Department officials in 2011 that he had leaked to the media the memo written by John Dodson , an agent with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , according to the Justice Department inspector general 's finding on Monday . The IG report said the leak was an apparent attempt to undermine Dodson 's credibility . Burke resigned after making the disclosure . What was ` Fast and Furious , ' and what went wrong ? The report said the memo was among documents gathered for review by congressional committees investigating the botched ATF operation dubbed "  Fast and Furious . " The controversial program allowed 2,000 guns to cross Arizona 's border with Mexico beginning in 2009 with the intention of tracking them to criminal gangs . Authorities lost track of hundreds of weapons that wound up in the hands of drug cartels and two guns wound up at the scene of a border agent 's slaying the next year although it was not clear whether they factored in the death . A report last September by the Justice Department 's inspector general found that the operation was marked by "  a series of misguided strategies , tactics , errors in judgment and management failures . " ` According to the report , the "  Fast and Furious " memo should not have been released to the media without approval by the Justice Department 's public affairs office . Excerpts from the ` Fast and Furious ' report The report said Burke told a senior Justice Department official that he did n't know the memo was only to be given to congressional investigators and thought the member of the media who received it had already seen it . Burke reportedly also said he did n't think he 'd done anything inappropriate . Burke later told congressional investigators that he provided the memo to a friend who gave it to a FOX News producer , according to the report . Dodson 's attorney complained to the DOJ Office of Inspector General in July 2011 that someone had leaked the memo after the agent received an e-mail from a FOX news producer asking for comment on excerpts . According to the inspector general 's report , the memo suggested an operation using tactics similar to the ones Dodson had later criticized in congressional testimony . The IG report said "  although Burke denied to congressional investigators that he had any retaliatory motive for his actions , we found substantial evidence to the contrary . " Chuck Rosenberg , a lawyer representing Burke , had no comment on the report . The inspector general 's office said it would refer the matter to the Justice Department 's Office of Professional Responsibility to determine whether he had violated rule of professional conduct for any state bars of which he is a member . Report slaps 14 at Justice , ATF	Memo written by federal agent was critical of the botched gun-running operation IG report says the leak was intended to undermine credibility of agent Top federal prosecutor in Arizona at the time says he did not think he did anything wrong
CNN  -- The family of New York bus monitor Karen Klein -- who has gained sympathy worldwide after a video of seventh-graders brutally taunting her while on the job went viral this week -- is asking for the harassment of the children to stop . "  Between all of us , we do n't feel that 's right by any means , " Klein 's daughter , Amanda Romig , told CNN on Friday . "  We would like people to stop harassing the family and the kids . That 's another form of bullying . " The video recorded by a fellow student sparked a storm of criticism against the boys , who attend middle school in the Rochester suburb of Greece . The father of 13-year-old Wesley , one of the four boys involved in the incident , told CNN his son is "  pretty depressed " and "  somewhat in shock " by the level of attention the video has received and the vitriol directed at the students . "  I think the lesson 's learned , " he told Anderson Cooper . "  This whole thing that we 've been through is going to scar our family for life . This is life-changing . ... I do n't see this ever happening again . " The family has received "  numerous death threats , " the father said , as well as people coming to their house and banging on the door after their phone number and address were posted on the Internet . "  It 's gotten to the point where we do n't want to leave the house , " he said , describing the atmosphere as "  very tense . " Greece police Capt. Steve Chatterton also called for the harassment to stop , even while acknowledging that police , too , "  felt everyone 's pain " in watching the video . "  There 's not going to be a whole lot of remorse for the children , " he said Thursday . "  And people are n't going to feel real sorry for them . But they 've received death threats . We 've received 911 calls to their home saying someone was holding them hostage . That 's not funny , that 's a crime , that 's a form of bullying . " Meanwhile , Klein continues to adjust to the attention and emotions spurred by the video 's posting . Supporters worldwide have donated more than $ 575,000 online so far through the international crowd-funding site , Indiegogo.com . The site launched the effort to send Klein on vacation after the video surfaced . And Southwest Airlines announced this week that it would send her and nine others on an all-expense-paid trip to Disneyland . Klein told CNN she 's thinking about quitting her job and doing volunteer work after some supporters suggested the donations were enough for retirement . "  I thought , ` That 's not a bad idea ! ' " she said . She 's also weighing donating some of the money to organizations benefiting autism and Down syndrome causes , said Romig , her daughter . Klein wants to raise awareness because of family members with autism and Down syndrome , who might also be victims of bullying , Romig said . As for her own bullies , Wesley 's father visited her on Thursday to express his apologies and his mother wrote a note "  to say how sorry she was and how sick it made her to see that her son was involved in this , " according to Romig . "  I think he was sincere , " Klein said of the father 's visit , but expressed doubt over the apologies she 's gotten so far from some of the boys . "  I do n't really think they 're sorry . Sorry they got caught , yes , that would be more like it . " Klein said one boy wanted to come to her home to speak with her , "  But I said no , because I was n't ready to look at his face . " But she added that may change after she 's able to get away on the trip provided by Southwest : She 's taking her two daughters and six grandchildren to Disneyland . CNN 's Maggie Leung and David Puente contributed to this report .	"  That 's another form of bullying , " Karen Klein 's daughter says of threats made against kids The father of one boy says his son is "  depressed " and "  in shock " Karen Klein is weighing whether to return to her job Donations have poured in since video of the bullying went viral
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan is prepared to gradually reduce the amount of oil it imports from Iran , Finance Minister Jun Azumi said Thursday , as the United States seeks to muster international support to put fresh pressure on Tehran over its nuclear program . Japan imports 10 % of its crude oil from Iran at the moment , Azumi said at a news briefing after meeting with U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner . The country is ready to decrease that level "  in a planned manner , " he said . "  What I told the secretary is that we have already reduced Iranian oil imports by 40 % in the past five years , " Azumi said , standing next to Geithner . "  The nuclear development issue is an issue that the international community can not overlook , so we very much understand the U.S. action . " The United States is exploring ways to cut off Iran 's central bank from the global financial system and reduce the country 's oil revenues , Geithner said at the briefing . Washington is in "  the initial stages of consulting with allies around the world about how best to achieve those goals , " he said , adding that Japan 's support was appreciated . "  We are working very closely with Europe and Japan and countries around the world to substantially increase the pressure we bring on Iran , " Geithner said . The announcement is a plus for Geithner , after his efforts on Iran were rebuffed by senior Chinese officials during his visit to Asian countries this week . "  I think ` small victory ' is a fair categorization , " said Michael Levi , a Council on Foreign Relations ' expert on energy policy and national security . From January to September 2011 , Iran exported 13 % of its crude oil to Japan , according to the International Energy Agency . Levi said Iran is likely to absorb this and find alternatives -- unless those drop out as well . "  As long as Iran has a substantial set of potential buyers , it 's going to make as much money as it made before , " Levi said . Levi said Japan wants to phase out its imports from Iran slowly so it can smoothly transition to other sources . "  That same slow speed gives Iran the opportunity to transition to other customers , " he said . Geithner had made a similar push for China to reduce its Iranian oil imports . But Beijing said that its imports have nothing to do with Tehran 's nuclear program and rejected new U.S. sanctions on foreign financial institutions that conduct business with the Iranian central bank . There was notably little mention of Iran in the comments made by Geithner and Chinese leaders Wednesday . China relies on imports for half of the oil it consumes . Iran exported 22 % of its crude oil to China from January to September last year , the IEA said . Japan 's government faces a difficult balancing act , trying to meet the needs of its closest ally and at the same time fuel its energy-strained country . Japan has been facing an energy crisis since last March 's earthquake and tsunami , which triggered a meltdown at the Fukushima Nuclear Plant . While making the announcement of plans for a gradual decrease in Iranian oil imports , Azumi did not specify how quickly his country would carry out the action . He said that Japan also needed more time to deal with how to reduce non-crude oil imports . Iran threatened in late December to block the Strait of Hormuz if sanctions were imposed on its oil exports . France , Britain and Germany have all proposed such sanctions to punish Iran for lack of cooperation on its nuclear program . Those countries and others believe Tehran may be trying to develop nuclear weapons , but Iran says its nuclear program is solely for civilian energy production . The strait is a critical shipping lane , through which 17 million barrels of oil passed per day in 2011 , according to the U.S. Energy Information Agency . CNN 's Jethro Mullen and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Japan imports 10 % of its crude oil from Iran Japan is ready to reduce that amount "  in a planned manner , " the finance minister says U.S. Treasury secretary says he appreciates Japan 's support of efforts to pressure Tehran Iran has threatened to block the Strait of Hormuz if sanctions are imposed
CNN  -- Was the ousting of democratically-elected Mohamed Morsy in Egypt a coup ? Answering that question is clear , but not without a very clear qualification . It is a popularly legitimate coup -- and focusing on it is now far less important than what comes next . Of course , there is an argument against calling it a coup , which few seem to be considering at present . A coup is usually understood to be an action that replaces the authority of a civilian regime by a military one . If what happened in Egypt is considered to be a coup , it takes for granted that there was indeed a civilian regime that had absolute authority over the institutions of the state , and a military under complete civilian authority . That assertion in the context of the Egyptian political arena is questionable . LATEST : Egyptian military kills Morsy supporters The Egyptian political reality , since 1952 , has been indelibly imbued with the authority of the military establishment . When crowds took to the streets in 2011 , the Egyptian military decided to sacrifice one of their own -- long-time president Hosni Mubarak . Just like all leaders of Egypt after the ousting of the king in 1952 , Mubarak came from the military establishment but his continued presence was deemed to be a threat to the stability of the Egyptian state , due to popular pressure . The military was not overthrown in that action -- indeed , it took more of a direct role in the governance of Egypt , which it had hitherto shied away from , preferring to focus on engaging within its own spheres of activities . There are many of those , in different parts of the Egyptian economy , but the armed forces ' activity in this facet of Egyptian society did n't mean they did n't have power to intervene elsewhere . READ MORE : Scientists saw Egypt turmoil coming One should keep in mind that throughout Egypt 's modern history , the Egyptian military has had overwhelming public support . That continued through the military transitional governing period of 2011-2012 . Even at the height of anti-military sentiment , Gallup recorded that public confidence in the institution remained well over 85 % , and at some points exceeded 90 % . That figure may be less now , as pro-Morsy supporters may feel resentment towards the military for having removed him from power -- but it is still likely to be at least over 80 % . The Egyptian military is an institution in which most Egyptian families have a relative within , owing to conscription , and the historical narrative taught in Egyptian schools is extremely positive , as is the representation of it on state media . This has never changed . READ MORE : When a coup 's not called a coup Over the past year , Morsy and his Muslim Brotherhood movement made many mistakes , and tried to implement some truly abysmal policies that could never be considered to be in the interests of the Egyptian revolution . Indeed , his harshest critics argue that instead of reforming the ` deep state ' , he simply tried to use it for partisan interests . One of his most strategic miscalculations , however , was to assume that after six weeks of a military establishment , Morsy had managed to place the military under his control . Morsy never removed Field Marshal Tantawi -- the military reconstituted its leadership on its own , appointing General Abdel-Fatah El-Sisi to the helm . The military sees itself as an autonomous establishment , and never considered itself to be under Morsy 's control . READ MORE : Why Americans should care about Egypt As Egypt heads toward an uncertain future , it will have to grapple with these issues against the backdrop of a civilian population that has enduring confidence in its military . The past two and a half years has brought to light some aspects of the military reality in Egypt that few were aware of before -- some relating to the human rights abuses that took place during Tantawi 's governing period , and others relating to the military 's economic strength within Egypt . Nevertheless , and this must be emphasized , the military continues to be supported by the overwhelming majority of Egyptian citizens . As Egyptians move beyond the startling events of this week , the issues that drove them to streets in 2011 remain . No one will be able to rely on the military to undertake any action in those arenas , as the generals have no interest in being involved in governance . It is likely to regard this entire episode as an unfortunate one , as they would have preferred to remain in their barracks , and not deal with the messy business of civilian governance . WHAT NOW ? Anti-Morsy protesters eye next move In the constitution passed last year by Morsy , the autonomy and preferred status of the military was thoroughly protected and it is unlikely that any political force will be able to muster enough political consensus to change that relationship . Indeed , popular opinion might even be opposed to a change in that regard , for the time being . Corruption remains endemic throughout the state . Morsy never tackled it . Torture continues within the police force . the Morsy government failed to address it . The Interior Ministry in general remains unreformed . Sexual harassment and violence was never taken seriously enough in the past , and dealing with it is even more of a priority now , despite the valiant work of groups such as Operation Anti-Harassment/Assault and HarassMap . Will the new government , being assembled at present , begin to tackle those issues ? Will whoever wins the presidential elections , due to be scheduled soon , tackle those issues ? PROFILE : Who is Egypt 's new president ? Those issues of reform remain and they will prove to be the core test of any government that emerges throughout this transitional period . Morsy failed to fulfill the demands of the January 25th revolution , and lost his popular legitimacy with the people of Egypt . The new Egyptian authorities have an opportunity to learn from those mistakes and act accordingly . Will the military be an aid to the fulfillment of those demands , and the production of a pluralistic , genuine democracy ? Time will tell . The views expressed in this piece are solely those of H.A. Hellyer .	The Egyptian political reality has been indelibly imbued with the authority of the military , writes Hellyer One of Morsy 's miscalculations was to assume that he had the military under his control , he says Hellyer : The issues that drove Egyptians on to streets in 2011 remain He says it remains to be seen whether the military can aid a true democracy
CNN  -- France striker Thierry Henry has signed for the New York Red Bulls , the Major League Soccer club have announced . Henry joins from Barcelona , where he spent three seasons and won two Spanish league titles as well as the European Champions League . The 32-year-old is France 's leading goalscorer having netted 51 times for his country and will be introduced to the press on July 15 . His signing on a "  multi-year contract " represents a major coup for the Red Bulls and for the MLS . Henry will become one of the most high-profile names in the league , alongside England international David Beckham . "  This marks an exciting new chapter in my career and life , " Henry told the club 's official website . "  It is an honor to play for the New York Red Bulls . "  I am fully aware of the team 's history and my sole goal during my time here is to help win the club its first championship . "  Knowing Red Bull 's significant commitment to soccer locally and internationally , I am confident that my teammates and I will succeed . " Henry was part of France 's World Cup squad who were knocked out in the first round in South Africa and caused uproar among their fans by refusing to train two days before a match . He also caused controversy when his blatant handball led to a vital goal in France 's winning qualification playoff with Ireland that secured their place at the tournament . Before joining Barcelona Henry spent eight seasons with English Premier League Arsenal , becoming their all-time record goalscorer and winning two league titles and three FA Cups . Ironically , Henry 's first game for the Red Bulls could be against Arsenal 's bitter north London rivals Tottenham Hotspur on July 22 . "  It is without question that Thierry Henry is one of the most successful and recognizable soccer players over the past 15 years , " said Dietmar Beiersdorfer , Head of Red Bull Global Soccer . "  We are thrilled that Thierry has decided to come to New York to help the Red Bulls compete for championships this year and for years to come . His international pedigree is second to none and he is a proven winner . " Erik Soler , Red Bull New York General Manager and Sporting Director , added : "  Thierry is not only a world class player who will undoubtedly improve our squad , but he has shown most importantly throughout his career that he is a winner . "  He has made it clear to us that he is committed in the short and long term to help in our vision of making our organization the premium franchise in Major League Soccer . "	Barcelona striker Thierry Henry has signed for the New York Red Bulls Henry is France 's all-time leading goalscorer with 51 goals The 32-year-old says he is "  excited " at joining the Red Bulls Henry won two Spanish league titles and one Champions League at Barcelona
CNN  -- Representatives of Bangladesh 's government , industry and workers issued a joint statement Saturday laying out an "  action plan " to improve worker safety in the wake of a series of disasters that have beset the industry in the past six months . Under the plan : -- A labor law reform package is to be submitted to Parliament during its next session , which is expected to be called in June , to boost protection "  for the fundamental rights to freedom of association and the right to collective bargaining , as well as occupational safety and health . " -- By the end of the year , garment factories whose products are intended for export are to be inspected and repairs begun for those that need them . The plan calls for the International Labour Organization , which has sent a delegation to Bangladesh , to help mobilize the technical know-how and money needed to carry out the assessment . -- Within six months , the government is to hire 200 more inspectors and ensure that the Department of the Chief Inspector of Factories and Establishments will be given the resources needed to recruit and manage at least 800 inspectors . -- A fire-safety plan for the ready-made garment industry is to be strengthened and implemented . The action plan calls for progress to be measured in six months . Three incidents led to the plan 's creation . In January , seven people died in a factory fire at Smart Export Garments , in Dhaka ; two months earlier , 112 people were killed at Tazreen Fashions Limited , on the outskirts of the capital . The April 24 collapse of the Rana Plaza Building in the capital 's suburb of Savar is the most serious disaster to strike the industry . As of Saturday , 547 bodies had been recovered , 22 more than on Friday , the state-run Bangladesh Sangbad Sangstha News Agency reported . The number of survivors rescued from the rubble remained at 2,443 , "  as you can not expect anyone to survive under the debris at this point , " Assistant Director of Fire Service and Civil Defense Aminur Rahman told BSS . "  Those responsible for the tragic events that have occurred in Bangladesh over the past six months shall be held accountable , " the plan says . "  Unless lawful actions are taken at the earliest more lives may be lost in preventable industrial accidents . " In their joint statement , the representatives of government , industry and labor called for international buyers and brands to "  take increased responsibility for improving working conditions and safety and health . " They also called on the ILO to initiate a program to train those workers who were hurt in the incidents . The Bangladesh Garment Manufacturers & Exporters Association and the Bangladesh Knitwear Manufacturers & Exporters Association are to give alternative work to those who became disabled as a result of their injuries , it says . Preliminary results of a government inquiry into last week 's building collapse found that "  heavy machinery and high-capacity generators " were "  largely responsible , " the news agency reported Friday . "  During the inquiry , we have found that use of substandard materials during the construction also contributed to the building collapse , " the leader of the inquiry , Main Uddin Khandaker , told BSS . Bangladesh 's $ 20 billion garment industry accounts for 77 % of the country 's exports . Among those caught up in the finger pointing after the disaster are Western retailers and clothing brands that Bangladeshi suppliers say put heavy pressure on prices , resulting in bad pay and conditions for workers .	A labor package is to be submitted to Parliament Garment factories are to be inspected Hundreds more inspectors are to be hired
CNN  -- Lawyer and human rights activist Seodi White has long been an outspoken campaigner for gender justice in Malawi , a country where half its women are married before the age of 18 . As the head of the Malawian chapter of Women in Law in Southern Africa  WLSA  , White is at the forefront of the battle against inequality , traveling around the country to promote education and to stop young girls from giving up on school and marrying in their early teens . But the prominent activist , who is herself the mother of a young daughter , is not only concerned with the rights of teenage girls . She is also targeting cultural practices that harm older , vulnerable women in Malawi . ` Widow cleansing ' One such custom , prevalent in the southern tip of the landlocked country , is "  widow cleansing , " a traditional practice in which a widow is expected to have sexual relations , "  in order to cleanse her , " explains White . "  There is a belief that if she does not sleep with someone , the spirit of her dead husband will come and visit upon her and her family will be cursed , " she adds . White says that the practice is not forced upon widows . Instead , she says , the tradition has become so much part of the culture that widows themselves call for it . "  It 's a mindset issue , " says White . "  Even the widows , they 've told me , ' I do n't want to die , I do n't want a curse to come to my husband . ' They cry to be cleansed . " Read this : Married at 13 to man in his 70s White says the tradition , which involves unprotected sex , thus increasing the chances of HIV infection , has been turned into a business . "  There are professional cleansers in villages , " says White . She says these men charge widows up to $ 50 for their services , in a country where the minimum wage is less than $ 1 per day . In recent times , there have been several initiatives by White 's NGO , as well as other groups , to try and change the situation . One effort is to target the "  professional cleansers " in attempt to get them to change their ways . "  Some have actually come out in the open and said : ' I used to be a commercial cleanser , I 'm HIV positive , I 've stopped , it 's not fine and I go village by village telling other commercial cleansers to stop this , it 's a risky taboo behavior . ' " The power of education A daughter of a professor of English , White grew up in Malawi in a relatively privileged family . She received her law degree in Botswana before moving to the UK to focus on gender and development studies . White saw first-hand the difference that education can make to a woman 's life , and that 's why all her efforts to promote gender equality -- from campaigning against child marriage and domestic abuse to protecting widows ' rights through her work as a lawyer -- have been shaped by the transformative power of education . "  In this country , to get ahead in life , to beat poverty , you need education , " she says . Read this : ` Why women will change world ' "  I know the difference between an uneducated woman in Malawi and a person of education , as I am , and I decided to use my position to uplift others , " adds White . "  I decided I 'm going to dedicate my life to dealing with injustice , just because I do n't like it when a structure or system puts others in poverty , puts others in a position of inequality , " adds White . ` The dispossession of widows ' Another campaign spearheaded by White is the fight against the prevalent culture of property grabbing , one of the most deep-rooted forms of discrimination suffered by widows in Malawi . White says that all across the country widows are at risk of having their matrimonial property taken by their late husband 's relatives , often leaving them and their children homeless . "  The way our family structures are done is that when a man and a woman get married they are not considered related , " says White . "  A man is still looked at by his family as he is theirs and the woman is looked at by her family as she is theirs . " Read this : ` Give African women a voice , ' say activists White says this entrenched culture , coupled with a prevalent assumption that women do not have an earning capacity , has condemned many widows to acute poverty . "  When the husband dies , " says White , "  his people , they come in and say , ` what did our son buy in this house ? Where is the stuff ? ' They do n't look at the stuff as belonging to the family . " WSLA fought hard for more than 10 years to advance women 's rights to keep their marital estate , calling for reform in Malawi 's inheritance laws . Its campaign , which met strong resistance , finally succeeded in 2011 when the country 's parliament voted to make property grabbing an offense and protect the spouse 's and children 's share in the deceased 's assets . "  A law is a law -- it might not be like it 's working immediately , but it 's got staying power , " says White , adding that more needs to be done to raise awareness about the reforms and to inform widows of their rights . White says that despite all the difficulties , it is victories like this that make her decision to commit her life in the fight against gender injustice worthwhile . "  I 've been working on this business for 15 years ; They 've been moments of hope , " she says .	Seodi White is a Malawian lawyer and women 's rights activist She says one tradition dictates that widows have sex in order to be "  cleansed " White is determined to stop young girls from giving up on an education She also fights to protect widows ' rights in Malawi
At least 11 suspected al Qaeda militants were killed in Yemen 's southern province of Abyan in clashes that erupted Tuesday night and continued for at least 14 hours , according to officials and local residents . A senior security official in Abyan said that government troops shelled militants ' hideouts to force them out of Abyan . "  The province turned into a gathering point for terror militants over the last five months . Fighters continue to arrive to Abyan from everywhere , " said the security official , who is not authorized to talk to media . He added , "  Clashes with the militants were strong over the last four days -- and troops will not step down until the entire province is back in the hands of the government . " Eyewitnesses in the area confirmed that at least four of the killed were foreign fighters , one of them from Saudi Arabia . "  Because clashes were in the middle of the town , the bodies of foreigners laid on the roads for hours , " said Abdullah Abu Kareem , a local in Zinjibar . Security officials in Abyan told CNN that at least 65 foreign fighters were killed in Abyan since May . "  They started entering the province in large numbers two months ago . Before that , nearly all of the al Qaeda fighters here were Yemeni , " added Abu Kareem . A senior defense ministry official confirmed that foreigners were among the killed over the last week but said the they are in small numbers compared to the Yemeni fighters . Eyewitnesses told CNN that clashes took place on main roads and destroyed property . Yemen 's security has been a worry for the international community for years , and has increased even more after the political stalemate in the country eased communication between terror networks in Yemen . "  Al Qaeda can still be dealt with in Yemen . It is not a great danger yet . However , if this file is not resolved soon , then al Qaeda could be a threat to not only Yemen but the entire region , " said Mohammed Abulahoum , the president of the opposition Justice and Building party . Ansaar Sharia , an extremist militant group with links to al Qaeda , took over large areas in Abyan province last May after government forces evacuated hundreds of troops from their original posts . More than 100,000 residents left the province months ago and are living in shelters in neighboring Aden and Lahj provinces .	Clashes began Tuesday night and continued for 14 hours Eyewitnesses confirmed that at least four of the dead were foreign fighters Security officials say at least 65 foreign fighters have been killed in Abyan since May
CNN  -- A Philippine clan leader 's bizarre attempt to revive the territorial claims of a defunct Islamic sultanate on the island of Borneo appears to be falling apart . With his followers engaged in a deadly game of cat and mouse with Malaysian security forces in the villages and palm oil plantations of northeastern Borneo , the self-proclaimed Sultan of Sulu is calling for a cease-fire after the U.N. secretary-general urged an end to the violence . But Malaysia promptly rejected the proposal and said its security forces had killed more than 30 of the Filipino fighters on Thursday . Between 100 and 300 men from the southern Philippines came ashore in the area , in the Malaysian state of Sabah , about three weeks ago , claiming to be the Royal Army of the Sultanate of Sulu , a former kingdom in the region whose power has faded . Jamalul Kiram III , one of the clan leaders claiming to be the rightful sultan , says he sent the men , some of whom are armed , to Sabah to reassert the sultanate 's sovereignty over the area . But their arrival in the coastal district of Lahad Datu caused alarm and embarrassment in Malaysia , which still pays a token fee each year to the sultanate for the lease of Sabah . While scrambling to explain how so many armed intruders had managed to slip through the maritime border that separates Sabah from the nearby southern Philippine islands , Malaysian security forces tried to persuade the clansmen to return home peacefully . But those efforts -- supported by the Philippine government , which is pursuing a peace initiative with Muslim rebels in its restive southern islands -- failed as clashes in Sabah late last week left about 28 people dead , including several Malaysian police officers . A Malaysian offensive Malaysian authorities responded by launching an offensive using fighter jets , mortar shells and ground troops on Tuesday . They followed that up with what they called a "  mopping up " operation , going house to house in the area , searching for the Filipino fighters . But Kiram 's spokesman , Abraham Idjirani , said Wednesday that the Malaysian attack had missed its target , striking an area that the Filipino clansmen had already vacated . He claimed the group had n't suffered casualties . A day later , Idjirani made the call for a cease-fire on behalf of Kiram , saying the clan was responding to U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon 's plea for the fighting to stop . But Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said Kuala Lumpur wo n't consider any request for a cease-fire as long as the armed intruders in Sabah refuse to lay down weapons unconditionally , the official news agency Bernama reported Thursday . Later on , Ismail Omar , the head of the Malaysian Police , said security forces had killed 32 "  militants " in Sabah on Thursday , including one they believed had the rank of general , according to Bernama . The task of the Malaysian security forces in hunting down the clan members has been made more complicated by the strong ethnic ties between many of the people in Sabah and the southern Philippines . Many of the sultanate 's followers are believed to have friends and family living in the area . Malaysian police have admitted that the Filipinos are blending in with the local population . In a statement Wednesday , Ban 's office said the U.N. secretary-general "  urges an end to the violence and encourages dialogue among all the parties for a peaceful resolution of the situation . " Ban also expressed concern about the effects of the fighting on the civilian population in the area , including migrants . People and goods regularly go back and forth across the porous sea border between Sabah and the southern Philippines . Eroded power Established in the 15th century , the Sultanate of Sulu became an Islamic power center in the southern Philippines that at one point claimed sovereignty over Sabah . But the encroachment of Western colonial powers , followed by the emergence of the Philippines and Malaysia as independent nation states , steadily eroded the sultanate 's influence . Sulu is now a province within the Republic of the Philippines . But the historical connection still fuels tensions between Malaysia and the Philippines , with Manila retaining a "  dormant claim " to Sabah through the Sultanate of Sulu , according to the CIA World Factbook . The Philippines claims much of the eastern part of Sabah , which was leased to the British North Borneo Company in 1878 by the Sultanate of Sulu . In 1963 , Britain transferred Sabah to Malaysia , a move that the sultanate claimed was a breach of the 1878 deal . CNN 's Karen Smith contributed to this report .	NEW : More than 30 "  militants " are killed in Sabah , Malaysia says Malaysia says it wo n't consider a cease-fire unless armed intruders drop weapons Malaysian forces launched an attack this week on Filipino clansmen in the area Between 100 and 300 Filipinos arrived by boat on the Malaysian coast in February
London  CNN  -- While Ukraine 's fight for freedom gets bloodier by the day and Russia faces the West 's cold shoulder , in the elegant surroundings of London 's Somerset House , one oligarch is using art to get his message across . "  This work is called ` Widows , ' for one simple reason , " says Andrei Filatov as he points towards a picture of five elderly ladies looking forlorn . "  Because instead of an icon -LSB- on the wall -RSB- there is Karl Marx . " And in cottages where the father of socialism has taken the Holy Mother 's place , he explains , "  this tells us the women depicted have probably lost their husbands in the war . " For almost half a century the widows ' empty eyes have stared out over Moscow 's Tretyakov Gallery , caught behind the iron curtain as a new , "  cold " war came and went . But now , thanks to the 42-year-old 's passion for paintings , they have been given a new perspective , on display for the first time in London alongside 39 other canvasses by Viktor Popkov , in a special exhibition dedicated to the Soviet-era artist . The exhibition includes pieces from Filatov 's own collection , and brings together works from museums across Russia 's biggest cities , recording a post-Stalin age when heroic peasants and propaganda had begun to give way to themes of industrial optimism and the bloom of youth . "  I was born in the Soviet Union and I loved that country , " says Filatov . "  So it seems right to showcase the good things that it created because there was n't the opportunity to do so before . As a period , it was somewhat misunderstood . " With an estimated $ 1 billion fortune this Forbes rich list stalwart has clearly done well out of his country 's break with communism . Yet he is nostalgic about the past and , having amassed a sizeable collection of Soviet masterpieces , Filatov hopes to one day found his own museum in London and promote a "  better understanding " of his home nation . "  I want to show the creative work of the Russian people , so that there is more love for Russia , " he says . "  That is why I want to build a museum here . " Filatov is n't new to the world of soft diplomacy . As President of the Russian Chess Federation , he has overseen international tournaments at the Louvre in Paris and personally funded the restoration of the tomb of the Russian chess legend Alexander Alekhine in the same city . Cultural exchanges , he says , can be key ways of keeping the dialogue going . "  For people to understand each other better they must communicate ... through the exchange of culture , through exhibitions , through theaters , through music and ballet . "  I hope this exhibition will improve the understanding and relations between different peoples and countries . That is its meaning . " For Filatov , just like many Ukrainian-born Russians , the concept of "  home " is more complicated than it first seems . Born in Kryvyi Rih in Ukraine , the co-owner of the ports and roads firm N-Trans describes himself as Russian but still has relatives in Ukraine . And like many practical business people with a sizeable stake in this complex region , Filatov leaves the artwork to make the bold political statements , saying only he considers sanctions imposed by the EU and the U.S. , "  a big mistake . " According to Filatov , "  the sooner there is an understanding by the European countries and the U.S. , the faster there will be logical , sensible and constructive relations . " Putting on a large Russian art show in London at a time of heightened animosity towards his country is an ambitious project . Even talking about art , at a time of deadly skirmishes in Ukraine , may seem flippant but Filatov does have another motive for wanting to host the show : to cater for the British capital 's sizeable Russian expat population . "  Walking around here I discovered there is not one large collection of Russian art , " he says . "  Russian culture is not presented here yet hundreds of thousands of people from Russia live here . Russian children go to school here and they are losing their connection to their own culture . " "  Viktor Popkov : The Genius of The Russian Soul " was organized last year as part of 2014 's somewhat overshadowed UK-Russia Year well before Ukraine 's crisis pitted the countries against each other . SEE MORE : Crisis in Ukraine WATCH MORE : Billionaire declares victory in Ukraine EXPLORE : Ukraine favors Europe	Oligarch Andrei Filatov is a collector of Soviet-era art and is putting on an exhibition at London 's Somerset House Filatov does n't agree with the sanctions against Russia but says there needs to be better understanding He is putting on the exhibition as a way to encourage cultural ties and improve relations
