CNN  -- Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko is determined to justify his reported $ 42 million price-tag and help Manchester City win trophies after completing his long-expected move to the English Premier League club . The 24-year-old has signed until mid-2015 after sealing his switch from former German champions Wolfsburg on Friday night . He is not eligible to play in City 's FA Cup third-round tie at second division Leicester on Sunday , but is looking forward to boosting the club 's title challenge in the league against Wolverhampton on January 15 . "  Manchester City were my first choice and only choice , " Dzeko told the club 's website . "  I was always attracted most to joining them . I have been linked with them for a long time and have watched them a lot on television . "  They have been playing well this season and now the speculation is over , I just want to do my best . " Who will be the bargain buys of the January sales ? Dzeko became Robert Mancini 's ninth signing since taking over in December 2009 , and the Italian coach 's first this year . He had been linked with Italian club Juventus and Manchester United , and his arrival could mean that Togo international Emmanuel Adebayor and Paraguay 's Roque Santa Cruz leave City this month . "  City are playing for first place in the Premier League and that is what I want , " Dzeko said . "  I am excited to play alongside players such as Carlos Tevez and Yaya Toure , whom I have only seen on the television , and to be in the same team as players I have played against such as Jerome Boateng and Vincent Kompany . "  They will help me achieve my goal to be better in the future . I want to show the fans why the club paid the money for me . Everyone expects goals and I want to score them , but most of all I want to contribute to a successful team . " In Saturday 's other transfer news , former City boss Mark Hughes boosted his Fulham squad with the signing of midfielder Steve Sidwell from Aston Villa on an initial six-month contract . Struggling Villa have signed Tottenham 's England Under-21 defender Kyle Naughton on loan for the rest of this season . Manchester United 's 19-year-old Italian striker Federico Macheda has returned home on loan with Sampdoria , who needed a replacement after allowing Antonio Cassano to join Serie A leaders AC Milan . Juventus boosted their forward ranks with the free signing of Genoa 's veteran former Italy international Luca Toni , who is seeking to rebuild his career following high-profile spells with Roma and Bayern Munich . Juve will be without Fabio Quagliarella for the rest of this season after the forward tore knee ligaments in Thursday 's 4-1 defeat by Parma . Genoa have signed Slovakia midfielder Juraj Kucka following the departure of Francesco Modesto and Raffaelle Palladino to Parma , who have also signed Spanish midfielder Tony Calvo on loan . Spanish club Malaga have brought in former Real Madrid , Sevilla and Arsenal striker Julio Baptista from Italian club Roma , with the Brazilian costing a reported $ 2.5 million . In Turkey , league leaders Trabzonspor have signed twin Poland internationals Piotr and Pawel Brozek along with forward Mehmet Cakir . Galatasaray have signed Turkey striker Kazim Kazim and Argentine midfielder player Juan Culio .	Bosnia striker Edin Dzeko completes reported $ 42 million move to Manchester City The 24-year-old had been at German Bundesliga club Wolfsburg since 2007 Former Italy striker Luca Toni moves to Juventus and Sampdoria sign Federico Macheda Brazilian forward Julio Baptista returns to Spain with move to Malaga
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Suzanne Mubarak , wife of toppled Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak , suffered a heart attack Friday after being questioned in a corruption investigation , the manager of the Sharm el-Sheikh Hospital said . The manager , Mohamed Fatah Allah , said she had been taken to the intensive care unit . The incident came shortly after Suzanne Mubarak was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case , the state-run Middle East News Agency reported . Assem al-Gohary , the assistant justice minister for the Illicit Gains Authority , ordered her detained for "  obtaining illegal wealth using her husband 's position and political authority . " A team of investigators from the authority , a separate investigative unit under the Ministry of Justice , had questioned the former president in the same hospital for three hours Thursday regarding "  using his political position as president to acquire illegal wealth . " "  Hosni Mubarak was also questioned about his luxury mansion in Sharm el-Sheikh , " al-Gohary said . Last month , the former president suffered a heart attack during questioning over possible corruption charges , Egyptian state television reported . But the head doctor from a Ministry of Justice team assisting with the questioning said later that the former leader had heart palpitations and was able to walk with assistance . He was deemed stable enough to allow prosecutors to resume questioning at the hospital , according to the state-owned Al Ahram newspaper . Mubarak has said the inquiry is aimed at tarnishing his reputation and that of his family . The former first lady had been scheduled for questioning Thursday , but investigators postponed the interrogation until Friday morning . She was asked about the origin of 20 million Egyptian pounds  $ 3.4 million  deposited in her name in a local bank account , al-Gohary said . Both Mubaraks were questioned about accounts in Al Ahly Bank , containing $ 147 million under their authority , he said . The Mubaraks signed affidavits allowing investigators to further inquire into their bank accounts and wealth inside and outside Egypt . Suzanne Mubarak , 70 , was treated successfully for leukemia 10 years ago , said Hanaa Gohar , the former first lady 's former press contact . "  She was very healthy and very active " before the revolution , Gohar said . The U.S. ally , a former military commander , resigned in February after nearly three decades in power amid massive demonstrations calling for him to step down . Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this story .	Manager of the hospital in the resort town of Sharm el-Sheikh says she suffered a heart attack The incident occurred shortly after she was ordered detained for 15 days in a corruption case Hosni Mubarak was also questioned about his finances
CNN  -- Tom was n't accustomed to not knowing the right answer . A business executive in his 50s , he had been suffering from agonizing back pain for nearly two years , and all his doctors could tell him was that they could n't find the cause or an appropriate treatment . So Tom did what most people would n't -- he started researching to find a doctor anywhere in the world who could help him . The problem , as it turned out , was that Tom 's doctors were looking at his spine for the source of his pain , and that 's not where it was coming from . He was suffering from sacroiliac joint dysfunction , the deterioration of the two joints on the side of the lower spine that connect it to the pelvis . Studies have found that 20 to 25 % of all chronic lower back pain comes not from the spine but from the sacroliac , or SI , joint , which bears and transfers weight and movement from your upper body to your legs . When the ligaments wear out and the SI joint becomes unstable , it can generate a similar kind of sharp back pain -- or sciatica-like pain down your leg -- as a ruptured disc . Most spine surgeons , however , are n't trained to look at the sacroiliac joint ; they generally do n't learn about it during their residency or fellowships . And it does n't occur to most patients to ask . Then X-rays , MRIs and CT scans of aching , aging backs show narrowing spinal discs , without actually showing whether these discs are producing pain ... further confusing the diagnosis of the suffering patient . As a result , many people progress through the usual stages of back pain treatment , from physical therapy and chiropractic treatment to injections , laser procedures and finally to surgery , without ever addressing the true source of the pain . One study found that among "  failed " spinal fusion patients -- people who had their lumbar vertebrae fused and were still in pain afterward -- the SI joint was the real culprit in more than half the cases . When you know to look at the SI joint , finding out whether it 's the source of the pain is usually pretty easy . If an injection of the local anesthetic Lidocaine into the joint produces temporary pain relief , then that 's likely where the problem resides . If so , all the treatments previously misdirected at the spine -- chiropractic , physical therapy and medication -- can be aimed at the proper target . If those treatments do n't work , the next step is often surgery . Up until recently , that meant a major open fusion procedure , followed by several months of recovery . However , a new , minimally invasive procedure is now available that uses small titanium implants to stabilize the joint . The tiny incisions mean patients recover much more quickly . The procedure is being done regularly here at UCLA and at other top spine centers around the country . It worked for Tom -- he 's living pain-free and is back in control of his life . And there are millions more Toms out there living with chronic back pain who could benefit from knowing more about where that pain may be really coming from and how it can be dealt with effectively . If you are suffering from lower back pain , make sure to ask your doctor to examine your SI joint in addition to the routine examination . You may want to seek out a spine surgeon who has experience with sacroiliitis -- the Internet is a good place to start but referrals are also valuable . Ask the surgeon directly if he/she has experience operating on patients with SI dysfunction in the past year . And do n't accept a lumbar fusion surgery performed for back pain alone  versus leg pain  without having your SI joint checked out by an expert . The opinions expressed in this article are solely those of Dr. Nick Shamie .	Studies show 20 to 25 % of all chronic lower back pain comes from the sacroliac joint Most spine surgeons are n't trained to look at this joint and may miss it in a patient Finding out if the SI joint is the source of pain is usually pretty easy , Dr. Nick Shamie says
London  CNN  -- The hijacking of a U.S.-bound oil tanker carrying 2 million barrels of crude on Wednesday marks what one shipping official calls "  significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis , " with major oil lines to the West under severe threat . Pirates seized the MV Irene SL , a Greek supertanker , in the afternoon -- marking the second such incident in two days . They occurred in the Arabian Sea and the Indian Ocean where hijacking have become commonplace in recent years . The European Union Naval Force said the Irene departed Fujairah in the United Arab Emirates and was destined for the Egyptian port of Suez in the North Arabian Sea when it was attacked . But the force does n't always report the final destination . Joe Angelo , managing director of the trade association INTERTANKO , citing the owner , Enesel S.A. , said the ship was ultimately headed for the U.S. gulf . "  The hijacking by pirates of 2 million barrels of Kuwaiti crude oil destined for the U.S. in a large Greek tanker in the middle of the main sea lanes coming from the Middle East Gulf marks a significant shift in the impact of the piracy crisis in the Indian Ocean , " Angelo told CNN . "  If piracy in the Indian Ocean is left unabated , it will strangle these crucial shipping lanes with the potential to severely disrupt oil flows to the U.S. and to the rest of the world . " The Wednesday incident took place about 350 nautical miles southeast of the Omani city of Muscat in the North Arabian Sea . The crew consists of 17 Filipinos , seven Greeks , and a Georgian . A Greek Merchant Marine Ministry spokesman said the ship was carrying 266,000 tons of crude oil . There has been no communication with the ship , officials from Greece and the European Union Naval Force said . On Tuesday , the MV Savina Caylyn , an Italian-flagged oil tanker , was headed from Sudan to Malaysia when five people on a skiff launched a "  sustained attack " on the tanker with small arms and rocket propelled grenades and then got on the ship . The naval force also said on Wednesday it received reports that the Golden Wave , a South Korean fishing vessel seized in October off the Kenyan coast , has been released from pirate control . The condition of the 43 crew members are not known , but the naval force says "  they are in need of food , water and medical aid . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	NEW : The ship was ultimately bound for the U.S. , official says NEW : If left unabated , piracy can strangle crucial shipping lines The latest occurred about 350 nautical miles southeast of Muscat The tanker 's crew numbers 25 people
CNN  -- The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17 + , meaning appropriate for users 17 and older , after it was flooded with pornographic images . Since its launch two weeks ago , the Twitter-owned Vine had been rated 12 + in Apple 's App Store , the only place it is currently available . But sexually explicit video clips almost immediately began appearing within the app , including one mistakenly showcased in its "  Editor 's Picks " section , drawing outrage from some users . The new rating , for such criteria as "  frequent/intense sexual content or nudity , " means users wishing to download Vine must click on a window promising that they are over 17 . There is no age-verification system , however , and nothing to stop younger users from downloading the app . The changes are part of an update to Vine , announced Wednesday , that also allow users to block or report a profile they find offensive . Does Twitter 's Vine have a porn problem ? Twitter had already taken steps last week to restrict how users can share sexually explicit clips . Hashtags for such search terms as "  porn , " "  nude , " "  sex " and "  naked " no longer delivered any results . The issue made headlines January 28 when Vine users noticed a video of what was described as hardcore pornography showcased in the prominent Editor 's Picks section of the mobile app . Twitter pulled the clip and apologized , saying it was a mistake . Tumblr , the popular blogging platform that includes some porn among its roughly 92 million blogs , soon afterwards reclassified itself with the 17 + tag . Apps are typically submitted to Apple with a suggested age rating , although Apple can request that the rating be changed . In the App Store , 17 + is the most restrictive rating . App stores : Gatekeepers , or censors of the mobile Web ?	The age rating for new mobile video-sharing app Vine has been raised to 17 + Sexually explicit video clips have been appearing within the app Since its launch two weeks ago , the Twitter-owned Vine app had been rated 12 +
CNN  -- A federal judge in Virginia has struck down the commonwealth 's ban on same-sex marriage as unconstitutional , according to court documents . "  These laws deny Plaintiffs their rights to due process and equal protection guaranteed under the 14th Amendment of the United States Constitution , " U.S. District Judge Arenda Wright Allen wrote in her opinion . The decision comes just weeks after Virginia 's new Democratic leadership said it would n't defend the ban in federal lawsuits . "  It 's time for the commonwealth to be on the right side of history and the right side of the law , " state Attorney General Mark Herring said at a news conference last month . Virginia passed the ban in 2006 . The judge 's decision is the latest in a recent series of such federal court rulings in mostly conservative states that began last June with a historic U.S. Supreme Court ruling recognizing gay marriages . On Wednesday , a federal judge ruled that Kentucky 's refusal to recognize same-sex marriages also violates the 14th Amendment . Federal judges took the same stance in Oklahoma and Utah in recent months . A similar development may be underway in Nevada , where the state 's ban will no longer be defended in light of federal judges ' rulings in other states in support of same-sex marriage . Some states are taking up measures to counter the growing legal recognition of same-sex marriage . Lawmakers in Kansas are considering a bill that would make it legal to deny goods and services to same-sex couples for religious reasons . Same-sex marriage is permitted by law in 17 states and the District of Columbia . Worldwide , 16 other countries  and parts of Mexico  also have laws allowing same-sex marriage and domestic partnerships . Most of the nations are in Europe and South America . Kansas House passes bill allowing refusal of service to same-sex couples CNN 's Sarah Aarthun and Dana Ford contributed to this report	NEW : The federal judge 's ruling is the latest in a series of such decisions NEW : Legal officials in some states with same-sex marriage bans deem them indefensible Judge : "  These laws deny Plaintiffs their rights to due process and equal protection " Virginia 's new Democratic leadership previously said it would n't defend the ban
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- In response to a video of a California man 's dispute with airport security officials , the Transportation Security Administration said Monday it tries to be sensitive to individuals , but everyone getting on a flight must be screened . The video , in which software engineer John Tyner refuses an X-ray scan at the San Diego , California , airport , has sparked a debate over screening procedures . Tyner told CNN on Sunday that he was surprised to see so many people take an interest in his refusal and the dispute with airport screeners that followed it . But he said he hoped the video will focus attention on what he calls a government invasion of privacy . "  Obviously , everybody has their own perspective about their personal screening , " TSA administrator John Pistole told CNN . "  The question is , how do we best address those issues ... while providing the best possible security ? " Tyner , 31 , said his hunting trip to South Dakota was cut short before it even started Saturday morning -- when TSA agents asked him to go through an X-ray machine . "  I do n't think that the government has any business seeing me naked as a condition of traveling about the country , " Tyner said . Pistole said the agency is "  trying to be sensitive to individuals issues and concerns , " but added , "  the bottom line is , everybody who gets on that flight has been properly screened . " The cell phone video Tyner recorded of his arguments with security screeners over the scan and pat-down they proposed had garnered than 200,000 hits on YouTube by Monday afternoon . Tyner said that after he declined the body scan , a TSA agent told him he could have a pat-down instead . Once the procedure was described , Tyner said he responded , "  If you touch my junk , I 'll have you arrested . " The dispute that followed , Tyner said , included police escorting him from the screening area and a supervisor saying he could face a civil lawsuit for leaving the airport before security had finished screening him . In fact , Tyner could face a civil penalty as high as $ 11,000 , according to Michael Aguilar , the TSA 's federal security director in San Diego , who defended the behavior of his officers during the confrontation . "  He 's violated federal law and federal regulations , which states once you enter and start the process you have to complete it , " he said . Tyner called the whole incident ridiculous and said he will not fly "  until these machines go away . " "  Advanced imaging technology screening is optional for all passengers , " the TSA said in a statement released Monday . "  Passengers who opt out of -LSB- advanced imaging -RSB- screening will receive alternative screening , including a physical pat-down . " But anyone who refuses to complete the screening process will be denied access to airport secure areas and could be subject to civil penalties , the administration said , citing a federal appeals court ruling in support of the rule . The ruling , from the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , says that "  requiring that a potential passenger be allowed to revoke consent to an ongoing airport security search makes little sense in a post-9 / 11 world . Such a rule would afford terrorists multiple opportunities to attempt to penetrate airport security by ` electing not to fly ' on the cusp of detection until a vulnerable portal is found . " The TSA 's advanced imaging technology machines use two separate means of creating images of passengers -- backscatter X-ray technology and millimeter-wave technology . At the end of October , 189 backscatter units and 152 millimeter-wave machines were in use in more than 65 airports . The total number of imaging machines is expected to be near 1,000 by the end of 2011 , according to the TSA . The agency has previously said that the new technology is safe and protects passenger privacy . "  Strict privacy safeguards are built into the foundation of TSA 's use of advanced imaging technology to protect passenger privacy and ensure anonymity , " the agency says in a statement on its website . Images from the scans can not be saved or printed , according to the agency . Facial features are blurred . And agents who directly interact with passengers do not see the scans . But Tyner is n't the only one with concerns about the new security procedures . Grass-roots groups are urging travelers either not to fly or to protest by opting out of the full-body scanners and undergoing time-consuming pat-downs instead . Industry leaders are worried about the backlash . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano met with leaders of travel industry groups to discuss the concerns . "  We certainly understand the challenges that DHS confronts , but the question remains , where do we draw the line ? Our country desperately needs a long-term vision for aviation security screening , rather than an endless reaction to yesterday 's threat , " the U.S. Travel Association said in a statement after the meeting . "  At the same time , fundamental American values must be protected . " During a press conference in which Napolitano announced the expansion of a security awareness campaign , she also reiterated the need for hand searches should a passenger decline electronic screening . "  If you refuse the -LSB- Advanced Imaging Technology -RSB- altogether , then you can go to a separate area for a same-gender pat down , " she told reporters on Monday . "  If there are adjustments we need to make as we move forward , we have an open ear , " she said . "  We will listen . " CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Phil Gast , Marnie Hunter and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : The California man involved in a TSA dispute could face an $ 11,000 fine TSA says screening is mandatory for all airline passengers The man argues new X-ray machines invade privacy A video of his dispute with screeners is popular with YouTube viewers
CNN  -- As President Obama pushes forward with his agenda , he may find that a homecoming king 's likeability is just as integral as the power and authority inherent to the Oval Office . President Obama 's likeability is key to his leadership , experts say . "  I just do n't think you can be effective without being liked , " said Bruce Newman , a professor of marketing at DePaul University and editor of the Journal of Political Marketing . Newman describes Obama 's leadership as a "  two-pronged support system of both being popular but yet having the respect . " "  I do n't think you can be effective without that first step of making that emotional connection with the voter , but to continue to be effective , it 's not enough , " he said . Newman pointed to three recent examples of presidential candidates who lacked the appeal of their opponent : Bob Dole vs. Bill Clinton , John Kerry vs. George W. Bush , and John McCain vs. Obama . "  We are looking for leaders that we could relate to , that we would like to have dinner with or have a beer with or a glass of wine with , " he added . Obama has been likened to Republican President Ronald Reagan , who was generally considered more popular than his policies at the start of his first term . Nearly 80 percent of those surveyed in a CNN/Opinion Research Corp. poll released earlier this month said they approved of Obama as a person . But when poll takers were asked if they approved of how Obama was handling his job , the number dropped to about 60 percent . Surveys this week show Obama 's approval ratings to be in the mid to high 50s , down a few points from last month . Watch : Is the honeymoon over ? " While Obama 's numbers have dropped since he took over the job , Mark Penn , who polled for President Clinton , says it 's not time to worry yet . "  The kind of numbers you see in the high 50s are , in fact , very good numbers . Look , they 're not the Inauguration Day numbers , but there 's a very tough economy out there . The president is trying to move forward health care . There 's a lot of increased contentiousness , given these issues , " said Penn , who is the CEO of public relations firm Burson-Marsteller . Obama 's numbers are particularly low on health care . A USA Today/Gallup poll released last week found that half the country disapproves of how he 's handling the issue . The president has a lot riding on health care because he 's championed it as his top domestic priority . "  It is pivotal to his presidency , " CNN senior political analyst David Gergen said . "  It 's his single most important domestic initiative . He did n't run to fix the economy -- he inherited that . But he ran to fix health care . " Shortly before the presidential election , Brad VanAuken , a leading expert on brand management and author of "  Brand Aid , " conducted an analysis of McCain and Obama 's political brands . On specific issues , "  supports universal health care " was the quality closest associated with Obama . "  His success with that issue is , to a very large degree , going to reflect on him because it 's so closely associated with him . So therein lies the difficulty of that particular issue , " VanAuken said . Obama 's leadership is based on the fact that he is liked , Newman said , and that 's something he can use to his advantage . "  He 's created an emotional connection with the American public now , " he said . The currency Obama has amassed in that emotional bond is what allows him to take gambles on issues like health care , he added . "  I think he 's got an awful lot of currency built up . And I think he can make several mistakes before he begins to go down in popularity . " VanAuken 's survey showed that Obama has a lot of strong personal capital built up with voters . He attributes Obama 's ability to connect with audiences of different ages , races and religions to the fact that "  he is as much a part of the American melting pot as anyone . " But with Obama 's added role of being the United States ' homecoming king comes an added responsibility of being all things to all people at times . Last week , for example , the public turned to Obama to get his opinion on the controversy surrounding Harvard professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. , who was arrested on a charge of disorderly conduct after a confrontation with an officer at his home in Cambridge , Massachusetts . That charged was later dropped . Obama said police acted "  stupidly " in the arrest , but then backpedaled , saying he did not mean to slight the Cambridge Police Department . The president also acknowledged his words "  helped to contribute to ratcheting " up the situation . "  Obviously , he had no authority over that whatsoever , but as the chief communicator ... they ask him for ceremonial and symbolic reasons , " said Vincent Hutchings , an associate professor of political science at the University of Michigan . And that ceremonial role crosses borders each time the president travels outside of the country and becomes the face of the United States government to the rest of the world . A Pew study released last week indicated that the United States ' image has improved considerably in much of the world since Obama took office . "  Ideally , of course a politician would like for their personal popularity to translate to their policies , and sometimes that does happen and it 's maybe even happening now to a degree , but there are limits , " he said . But , Hutchings noted , it 's premature to start pointing to disparities in Obama 's personal popularity and that of his policies to come to conclusions about his performance . "  The jury is still out on that , " he said . "  It may well be that this is the beginning of a trend , or it may just be that this is just a blip . "	A president ca n't be effective without being liked , marketing professor says Obama 's ratings as a person are higher than those of his policies Obama 's ceremonial role of being U.S. homecoming king affects U.S. image abroad Too early to tell if polling will be a trend or "  just a blip , " politics professor says
CNN  -- What do you do with 6,000 tons of space junk traveling at thousands of miles an hour ? Harpoon it of course . It might sound like a scenario straight off the pages of a science fiction novel but it is a suggested solution to an increasing and potentially costly problem in space -- that of debris littering low earth orbit . The harpoon plan is one of a range of options being discussed by scientists at a forum in Germany next week , and aimed at finding a way of tackling space debris that threatens commercial operations . Engineer Jaime Reed , who is leading the harpoon project for the space technology company Astrium , explains that if a rogue satellite hits another , not only does it ruin the mission but it creates more debris and propagates the problem . This run-away scenario is often called the Kessler Syndrome , named after NASA 's Don Kessler who first highlighted the risk . "  There 's a lot of space debris -- 6,000 tons in orbit -- that could pose a threat , " said Reed . "  Perhaps unwittingly , the average person relies a lot on space -- GPS in their phones , telecoms , TV , weather forecasts -- they are things people expect to have , " he said . Read more : 3 new planets could host life "  Space debris could very easily take out some of those satellites -- it would have a real impact on people 's lives . " Astrium 's plan to tackle defunct satellites is to use an unmanned chase spacecraft to get in range , fire a barbed harpoon into the body of the rogue hardware and then use a smaller propulsion unit attached to a tether to tow it back towards the atmosphere where it will burn up safely on re-entry . "  Because the harpoon we are using is very light and the chase satellite more than a ton , momentum is very tiny ... it 's a small recoil , " said Reed . The harpoon system has been tested in the laboratory in the UK and Reed will present findings at the conference on Wednesday . Reed estimates that the system could tackle 10 targets per mission and says simulations show that if five to 10 objects were removed each year then that would "  stabilize the debris population . " Read more : NASA shoots for asteroid He said he hoped the next step would be a demonstration mission to capture something small . So how big is the problem ? Reed warns that if space junk is not removed it could mean that low-earth orbit might eventually become unusable . According to NASA there are about 20,000 pieces of space junk bigger than 10cm  3.9 inches  and its chief scientist for orbital debris Nicholas L. Johnson says most robotic satellite missions are vulnerable to particles as small as 5mm  0.2 inches  -- there are thought to be millions of those in orbit . "  A 5mm  0.2 inches  particle striking a large solar array is likely to have a very little long-lasting effect , but such an object hitting the main body of a satellite could cause a vital component to fail , " he said . "  Normally , it takes the impact of an object about 10cm  3.9 inches  or larger to cause the satellite to suffer a severe fragmentation in which large numbers of new debris would be created . "  Collision speeds can vary from less than 1km per second  2,236 mph  to 16km per second  35,790 mph  . " He explained that ground-based radars are able to track objects of about 10cm  3.9 inches  and sometimes smaller , depending on altitude above the earth , while other sensors can detect particles down to about 5mm  0.2 inches  in low earth orbit . "  Space debris poses real threats to both human space flight and robotic missions . However , today those threats are largely handled by spacecraft design and operation techniques , " said Johnson . "  Since the 1980s considerable efforts have been made to curtail the creation of new space debris . " The NASA scientist said the odds of an operational satellite being disabled by space debris remain quite small , though he points out that two have been lost after being hit by man-made debris -- a French satellite in 1996 and an American craft in 2009 . Last month , CNN reported that space debris left over from a 2007 Chinese missile test had collided with a Russian satellite , according to a researcher at the Center for Space Standards & Innovation . And in 2012 the crew of the space station were ordered into escape capsules as a precaution after a piece of debris passed close by . Both Reed and Johnson say the focus over the last 30 years has been on mitigation but NASA and other space agencies are looking at ways to remove large derelict spacecraft and rocket launch stages from low earth orbit . The harpoon is clearly aimed at capturing the larger objects but many other solutions have been proposed , including the use of lasers to nudge space junk out of the way , or using giant nets and space tugs . "  It 's a very active area , " said Reed . "  Lots of people are coming up with ideas . " More space and science news from CNN Light Years	Scientists are set to meet in Germany to discuss ways of tackling space debris It is estimated that there are 6,000 tons of space junk in Earth 's orbit Space technology company Astrium has devised a plan to harpoon debris The debris would then be towed towards Earth 's atmosphere , where it would burn up
Kathmandu , Nepal  CNN  -- At least 11 climbers were killed in an avalanche Sunday morning on Manaslu , the world 's eighth-highest peak , a pilot who took part in the rescue effort said . Steve Bruce Bokan of Fishtail Air said that those coordinating the rescue report as many as 38 people missing . A French mountaineering official put the number lower at 15 , but said it had been difficult to get exact figures from authorities in Nepal . Four French citizens are among the dead , with another three missing , said Christian Trommsdorff , vice president of the National Syndicate of High Mountain Guides in Chamonix , France . He said that rescuers in helicopters focused on evacuating the injured . They also found the bodies of the four Frenchmen . One of the survivors -- according to the editor-in-chief for EpicTV.com , a film company that make features on skiing , climbing and other adventure sports -- is Glen Plake , who with two other ski mountaineers had planned to descend from the summit on skis without the aid of oxygen . Trey Cook said he spoke to Plake by satellite phone and the skier said : "  It was a major , major accident . There are up to 14 people missing . There were 25 tents at Camp 3 and all of them were destroyed ; 12 tents at Camp 2 were banged up and moved around . " Plake lost a few front teeth and had an eye injury after being swept 300 meters  985 feet  down the mountain , Cook told CNN . Plake was still in his sleeping bag , in his tent and still had on his headlamp he was using to read his Bible verses , Cook said . After the avalanche , Plake went looking for the rest of the people in camp , all of whom were supposed to be wearing avalanche transceivers -- electronic devices that can signal other similar receivers -- as he was . Two of his colleagues were missing , including the man with whom he shared a tent , Plake told Cook . The avalanche , which took place Sunday at about 5 a.m. local time , was likely caused by a huge piece of ice that fell from a glacier above the camp , Trommsdorff said . Cook said he thought it was a piece of ice the size of six or seven football fields . Most of the mountaineers had set up tents at 6,600 meters  21,650 feet  , said Yograj Kadel of Simrik Air , which was also involved in the rescue . The other mountaineers were apparently 500 meters  1,640 feet  below the camp that was destroyed , according to the EpicTV.com report . The mountain is 8,163 meters  26,780 feet  high . Kenton Cool , a mountain climber from England who reached the summit of Manaslu in 2010 , told CNN the weather during the post-monsoon season can be quite unsettled . His friends on the mountain told him that in the past 10 days or so there had been "  quite high levels of snow on the mountain , " he said . Teams normally wait for new snow to settle before leaving camp . Officials said bad weather led them to postpone further search efforts until Monday . Cool , who said Manaslu had a "  fearsome reputation , " predicted that searchers will have a hard time locating some of the people still on the mountain . The area where the avalanche happened is the site of some large crevasses . "  It will be hard to know exactly where everyone was , " he said . "  It will be hard to find the bodies , let alone retrieve them . " According to Nepal tourism officials , 231 foreign mountaineers from 25 teams were attempting to climb the mountain in the current autumn season that ends in November . They said that a Spaniard , a German and a Nepalese sherpa had been killed .	Survivor tells filmmaker he slid nearly a quarter-mile in his tent But Glen Plake says the man he shared tent with is among missing French official says four of his countrymen died , three are missing The search for the missing will resume Monday , authorities said
OPRAH.com  -- What 's it like to be a 30-something woman in America today ? From religious choices to parental pressures , a successful single woman in Washington , D.C. and a devoted mother of four open up . American-born Muslim Mubaraka tries to be open with people so she can help them understand her religion . One issue that plagues an average of 6.3 million women in America is being single . Julie , a Chicago pediatrician , struggles with the stigma of being alone in her 30s . "  I 've tried JDate , a Jewish Internet dating service , Match.com , setups by my friends , " Julie says . "  I recently adopted a dog , hoping to meet someone out in the dog park . " Like many single women in America , Julie is no stranger to the dating scene -- but finding dates is n't always the problem . "  It 's not that there are no men to date . It 's that I 'm not meeting anyone that I 'm attracted to . Nobody that I think is quality and worthy of me and what I have to offer and what I want to do . " Now Julie thinks marriage may not even be what she wants . Instead of waiting around for a husband , she 's considering having a child on her own . "  I 'm probably going to investigate an anonymous donor and do it artificially ... I want it to be my own biological child , " she says . DeChane , a successful attorney in Washington , D.C. , also struggles with the 30-something singles scene . Her fear is that men are intimidated by her . "  None of my female friends have ever said I 'm intimidating , " she says . "  Having an education , a house , a job does not make me intimidating . It just makes me an adult living an adult life . " She finds it ironic that her achievements may turn men off . "  I would think they would find it more unusual if I walked into the picture not having anything . But I think after 35 years of living , working and being driven , I should have something to show for it . " DeChane also thinks men make assumptions about single women in their 30s . "  I think they assume that if you are n't married , you want to get married , " she says . "  Instead of meeting you and approaching you in a manner that 's very basic -- ' I want to get to know you , who you are , what your likes and dislikes are ' -- I think they walk in the door expecting you to try to strong-arm them into getting married , and it scares them away . " For Amy , a divorced mom , dating in her 30s has been stressful . "  I wish there was a manual for dating , because I have been out of the game for so long , " she says . "  Growing up , I always wanted to be a wife and a mom and did n't expect that I would find myself single again . " With four children at home , Amy faces a unique set of dating issues . "  I run a criminal background check on every guy I go out with , " she says . "  I have to be very careful about who I invite into our lives . " Amy also realizes that a woman with kids is n't what every guy is looking for . "  I do n't consider children baggage . I think they 're the bonus piece to the set , but there are a lot of men who do n't see it that way , " she says . For many women in their 30s , the pressure to get married can be intense . Julie says she is n't feeling that pressure as much anymore . "  My original goal was to meet a man , have a family just like I grew up in , " she says . "  But it just does n't seem to be going that way . " As a single mom , Amy says the pressure comes from people who feel like something must be missing in her life . "  People see me as a single mom -LSB- as if -RSB- that 's something wrong . ` Oh , you poor thing . You 'll find somebody . ' People will do that kind of thing because they do n't feel like it 's acceptable , or that you ca n't do it on your own , " she says . DeChane takes a more relaxed approach . "  I am prepared to go with the flow as far as children and marriage are concerned , " she says . "  I was raised in a family where a number of people , even married relatives , have chosen not to have children . So it 's never been the expectation that you have to get married , that you have to have children . It 's really more being who you are and having a happy life . That 's the focus for me . " Oprah : com : Top places to meet men over 35 ! For devout Muslim Mubarakah , a 30-year-old mother of four , life in her 30s is about family and career . Married for 14 years , Mubarakah never had to worry about the dating scene . "  Dating in Islam is forbidden , " she says . "  When you meet someone and you 're talking to them , the purpose is for marriage . So you 're getting to know someone to know whether or not that 's somebody you want to be married to . " In her career as a certified personal trainer , Mubarakah 's biggest challenge is finding workout clothes in keeping with her faith . "  As Muslim women , we can only show our face and hands , " she explains . "  Most workout outfits are either short sleeved or too tight . " She modifies her clothes by adding length to sleeves and hems , taking care to look cute at the same time . "  I try to at least look like I 'm matching and I have some kind of style , " she says . "  So generally my headscarf will match my outfit . " Mubarakah says she encounters many myths about her religion , including her heritage . "  People automatically think I 'm from another country , but my mother 's family is Cherokee , and my father 's African-American , so I 'm as American as it gets , " she says . An open attitude helps Mubarakah deal with misconceptions . "  If people do n't understand , I just try to be very personable with it , " she says . "  I 'm very open as far as questions . " Commitment to her religion requires Mubarakah to pray five times daily , whether she 's working with a client , at the movies or in her living room . Still , she says that American Muslims are just like any other Americans . "  We 're no longer immigrants or converts to Islam , but rather American-born Muslims that lead regular American lives . -LSB- We -RSB- incorporate our Islam beliefs and practices into our every day , " Mubarakah says . "  In the end , all our goals are the same . All of us want to raise our kids to be contributing members of society , to be healthy , to be happy . And no matter where you choose to worship , every woman wants to know , ` How do you get rid of cellulite ? ' " Oprah.com : Meet moms around the world From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Dating can be daunting for 30-something women in America The dating pool is small and some successful women fear they intimidate men One divorced mom does criminal background checks on her dates Married Muslim woman was forbidden to date
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The family of Michael Jackson has been told by state officials that it may be possible to bury the singer at Neverland Ranch -- if the county gives the green light . Santa Barbara County says it has n't yet been contacted about burying Michael Jackson at Neverland . Officials with Santa Barbara County , the site of the ranch , said Thursday that they have not yet been approached , and it was not clear whether the family had decided to pursue that option . A lawyer from the Jackson family contacted state officials recently about possibly burying Jackson at the ranch that was his home for almost two decades , said Amanda Fulkerson of California 's State and Consumer Services Agency . To bury someone on private land in California is a two-step process . First , a certificate of authority is needed from the state Cemetery and Funeral Bureau -- easily obtainable by filling out a two-page application and paying $ 400 . Next , the family needs approval from the county . No one from the Jackson camp has contacted county authorities yet , said county spokesman William Boyer . "  We have had no formal application either from the Jackson family or from the property owner , " said Boyer , the communications director for the county . "  At that point , we would review the application and make a determination . " Boyer said Santa Barbara county has never been approached about burial on private land . California has had burials outside cemeteries , most notably that of former U.S. President Ronald Reagan at his presidential library in Ventura County 's Simi Valley . Jackson 's brother Jermaine said he 'd like to see the singer buried at the ranch . But their father , Joe Jackson , said he opposes the site . The rest of the family has expressed no preference about Jackson 's final resting place . Michael Jackson died June 25 of a cardiac arrest . The exact cause of death is pending toxicology results . Jackson purchased the Neverland Ranch -- named for the fictional world in J.M. Barrie 's "  Peter Pan " -- in 1987 and filled it with animals and amusement rides . Billionaire Tom Barrack Jr. gained control of the ranch through his company last year as part of a process to alleviate the singer 's debts , believed to be in the millions . Soon after Jackson 's death , Barrack said the property 's future would be discussed at a later time .	State officials say Santa Barbara County has to approve burial on private property Jackson family also must fill out a two-page application and pay $ 400 Neverland Ranch was Jackson 's home for almost two decades Brother Jermaine wants to see him buried at ranch ; father Joe opposes idea
San Diego , California  CNN  -- Our politics have changed in America -- and , unfortunately , not for the better . With the Robert Bork hearings of the 1980s and later the Monica Lewinsky affair of the 1990s , we were introduced to the "  politics of personal destruction . " Today , we 're living with the hangover and learning how destructive it can be when we take our politics personally . We 're a nation divided , where people can no longer agree to disagree without becoming downright nasty . Cafferty : How many debates needed ? Just ask Stacey Dash , an African-American actress who was attacked on Twitter for abandoning her support for Obama and daring to publicly endorse Mitt Romney for president . The actress , who starred in the movie "  Clueless " and the cable TV drama "  Single Ladies , " tweeted : "  Vote for Romney . The only choice for your future . Team Romney ... Vote Romney . " The liberal Twitteratti went crazy . One Twitter user wrote about Dash , who is also half Mexican-American , "  You 're an unemployed black woman endorsing Mitt Romney . You 're voting against yourself thrice . You poor beautiful idiot . " Another chimed in with : "  I guess ` Clueless ' star Stacey Dash endorsing Mitt Romney shows that she is indeed clueless . " But the really ugly barbs came from fellow African-Americans who tweeted that Dash was a "  jigaboo , " "  traitor , " "  house n ----- . " You get the picture . Many went further , urging Dash to do everyone a favor and "  kill urself . " Stacey Dash defends pro-Romney stance Or ask Buzz Bissinger , a columnist for The Daily Beast who must have felt as if he was trapped in an episode of "  Liberals Gone Wild " after announcing that he had -- after the first presidential debate in Denver -- decided to support Mitt Romney for president . A self-described "  lifelong Democrat , " Bissinger wrote in a column after the first presidential debate that he could "  no longer back a president who no longer acted like he wanted to be president , who offered a vision for the country as original as those college essays you can buy off the Internet , who in front of 70 million viewers acted like he had 90 minutes to kill before going out to dinner with Michelle for their 20th anniversary . " Bissinger was castigated by his wife and friends and liberal readers , who through what the columnist described as "  thousands of comments on The Daily Beast website and Twitter and Facebook ; writers from national media outlets trying to pick the column apart because they were outraged that one they considered part of the tribe , a journalist and author , would actually turn away from the ingrained liberal leanings of the profession . " His takeaway : "  Liberals preach tolerance , but 90 % are every bit as nasty and vitriolic as the conservatives they rightfully condemn for being nasty and vitriolic . " And ask Cornel West , one of the country 's most prominent African Americans , who last year went into the liberal doghouse when he criticized Obama for abandoning African Americans and the working class . West called Obama a "  black mascot of Wall Street oligarchs and a black puppet of corporate plutocrats . " He won the wrath of the Rev. Al Sharpton , and fellow academic Melissa Harris-Perry responded by slamming West for making a "  self-aggrandizing , victimology sermon . " Photos : Why your vote counts Of course , conservatives also know full well how to level personal attacks . Radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh stepped in it when he demeaned Georgetown University law student Sandra Fluke as a "  slut " after she testified before Congress about the importance of requiring univeristy health insurance plans to cover birth control . Radio talk show host Glenn Beck , who formerly hosted a daily talk show on the Fox News Channel , once said that President Obama was "  a racist " who had "  exposed himself over and over again as a guy who has a deep-seated hatred for white people or the white culture . " Then there are all those tea party activists , some of which , in combating Obamacare , thought nothing of holding up racist signs depicting the president as an African witch doctor . Naturally . At the end of the day , labels like "  liberal " and "  conservative " do n't mean much . Human beings are all the same . Some are raised to be tolerant of different points of view , others not so much . The more secure you are in what you believe , the less likely you are to attack someone for believing something else . Opinion : I 'm Mormon , and I 'm voting for Obama Meanwhile , in this country , a lot of people seem to be on the attack . If you oppose the president , his supporters will call you a racist ; if you support him , his opponents will call you a socialist . You 're either accused of not loving your fellow man or not loving your country . It 's all part of where we 've arrived , and how we 've changed . We wear our ideologies on our sleeves . We keep our political views , and presidential choices , close to our hearts . And so when they 're challenged , we feel personally wounded . So we get angry . These days , if you challenge someone 's point of view or disagree with their choice in candidates , it 's as if you 're directly attacking them . It used to be that Americans could disagree over politics and still go out and have a drink . Not anymore . Nowadays , if you disagree , one of you is n't just wrong . One of you is a bad person . And who wants to go drinking with a bad person ? Now , almost everything about politics seems less cerebral and more emotional . The business is no longer about compromising with your opponent ; it 's about conquering him . We do n't just disagree ; we 're out to destroy . We do n't settle for half a loaf ; it 's all or nothing . The goal is n't to find solutions ; the objective is simply to win at all costs . McCain weighs in on war of words over Libya After Tuesday 's presidential debate , Obama was criticized by some Republicans for being too combative . But judging from the polls , Democrats are delighted with Obama 's aggressive stance , and they want more of the same in the final debate next week . As for what got us to this point , maybe the politicians are to blame for leading the way , with their negative ads and their tendency to treat every political campaign like a contact sport . Or maybe it 's generational , a result of what happens when baby boomers -- who , since the Vietnam War , have believed their values were superior to everyone else 's -- control the government . Or maybe it comes from living in the Internet age in which everyone has an opinion and feels entitled to express it freely and without apology . Four years ago , with the election of Barack Obama , it looked as if the United States had taken a giant step forward . Now , it looks as if we 're going backward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : We 're a nation divided into two camps that call each other names Navarrette : A black actress came out for Romney and got slammed and reviled Limbaugh calls activist a ` slut , ' he says , columnist blasted for changing parties Nobody can disagree without going on the attack , he writes , and leaders just as bad
MAE SOT , Thailand  CNN  -- A Myanmar rebel leader killed in February said that his group is fighting for the preservation of the ethnic Karen minority , and for greater freedom throughout the southeast Asian nation . Mahn Sha is seen at his home in Thailand shortly before his slaying in February . Pa Doh Mahn Sha , the secretary-general of the Karen National Union  KNU  , spoke in an interview three weeks before his death . He talked about his group 's battle against Myanmar 's military government . "  Our struggle is to protect ourselves from the military regime , " he said . "  They always attack our villages , burn down our villages , burn our food supplies . We want to stop fighting but we have no choice . " The government of Myanmar has blamed the KNU for waging attacks to destabilize the military junta . Mahn Sha was shot and killed at his home in Thailand on February 14 , a KNU official said . During one of the last interviews Mahn Sha granted to international journalists , he posed in front of the Karen national flag hanging in his living room , and talked about the future of the Karen people and the KNU 's fight for autonomy . He said the KNU 's fighters would continue to battle the military junta in self-defense . "  Our struggle is the same struggle as the monks who protested in September , the same struggle as -LSB- pro-democracy activist -RSB- Aung San Suu Kyi , " he said . "  Only in a different form , ours is a violent struggle , and we can not give up until we have won . " The 64-year-old Mahn Sha was shot and killed in Mae Sot , Thailand , just across the border from Myanmar , a KNU official said . As Thai police investigate his killing , speculation has varied on how the Karen leader was killed . There have been suggestions the killing may have been the result of internal differences within the rebel group . But some Karen blame Myanmar 's military junta . The government has not commented . The killing came just days after Myanmar announced plans for a referendum on a new constitution , to be followed by a general election in 2010 as part of its "  road map to democracy . " The plan has been denounced by pro-democracy opposition leaders . A charismatic leader mourned Mahn Sha was the KNU 's third in command , but widely respected as the group 's acting leader , said KNU Foreign Affairs spokesperson David Taw . His death is viewed by many as a major setback for the already struggling resistance movement . "  Mahn Sha -LSB- was -RSB- the strong guiding light , " said Oscar Baaye , an ethnic Karen from the United States who was living with Mahn Sha prior to the rebel leader 's death . Mahn Sha had been described as a skilled mediator between different Karen factions , as well as other ethnic groups in the region and those working for democracy in Myanmar . "  Mahn Sha 's assassination was a blow to the entire democracy process , " said Aung Zaw , editor of the Irrawaddy magazine . "  A lot of people saw him as a potential figure to work on national reconciliation . He was able to connect the Karen struggle to the bigger picture , " he said . "  He built bridges between all groups , that was one of his strengths , " said Phil Thornton , author of Restless Souls , who has been reporting on the Karen for seven years and lives in Mae Sot . Young Karen , in particular , said they felt inspired by Mahn Sha 's approach to the democracy movement in Myanmar . "  He had a very clear vision of our struggle , " said Nicky Zaw , who attended Mahn Sha 's funeral . Dwindling numbers The KNU 's military , a ragtag group of soldiers who often wield World War II weaponry , has come under criticism , accused of recruiting child soldiers and carrying on what many have called an unwinnable war in civilian-occupied territory . The KNU has denied using child soldiers . In his interview , Mahn Sha said that the KNU had the support and backing of the villagers who are caught in the middle of this conflict . "  The military regime might have big numbers , but they do n't have the support of the people , " he said , claiming that for every KNU soldier there are at least 25 government soldiers . "  We can protect them because we have their support , " he said . Still , humanitarian groups such as the Free Burma Rangers regularly report attacks in Karen villages by the military regime carrying out counterinsurgency operations . Thousands have fled the fighting . Prior to his death , Mahn Sha had just returned from a Karen Unity Seminar , in which Karen from around the world gathered at a secret headquarters in Myanmar to discuss the future of their movement and their people . The KNU has been fighting the government of Myanmar for about 60 years , since shortly after the departure of the British from the country then known as Burma in 1948 . It is one of the world 's longest-running insurgencies . But during the past decade , their troop numbers have dwindled from 20,000 to a mere 4,000 , said David Taw . The KNU has suffered huge losses as members tire of war and resettle in places such as Europe and the United States , he said . The group also still suffers from crippling infighting and another splinter group , a faction commonly called the Karen National Union Peace Council , recently broke ranks to sign a peace agreement with the government of Myanmar -- like many other groups . While KNU leaders have been clear that they will continue their battle against Myanmar 's military regime , they say the loss of Mahn Sha was a huge blow for the movement . At Mahn Sha 's funeral , more than 1,000 mourners gathered in the jungle inside Myanmar , including representatives from nearly every regional ethnic group and Aung San Suu Kyi 's National League for Democracy party . E-mail to a friend Journalist Jonathan Jones contributed to this report .	Slain Myanmar rebel leader gave interview out days before assassination Mahn Sha said rebel fighters are fighting same struggle as democracy activists Speculation has ranged widely on cause of Karen leader 's slaying Myanmar ruling junta has not commented on Mahn Sha 's death
After Tuesday 's shooting at an Oregon high school , many media outlets , including CNN , reported that there have been 74 school shootings in the past 18 months . That 's the time period since the December 2012 massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown , Connecticut , where 20 children and six adults were shot to death . The statistic came from a group called Everytown for Gun Safety , an umbrella group started by former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg , a passionate and public advocate of gun control . Without a doubt , that number is startling . So on Wednesday , CNN took a closer look at the list , delving into the circumstances of each incident Everytown included . Everytown says on its web site that it gleans its information from media reports and that its list includes school shootings involving a firearm discharged inside or on school grounds , including assaults , homicides , suicides and accidental shootings . CNN determined that 15 of the incidents Everytown included were situations similar to the violence in Newtown or Oregon -- a minor or adult actively shooting inside or near a school . That works out to about one such shooting every five weeks , a startling figure in its own right . Some of the other incidents on Everytown 's list included personal arguments , accidents and alleged gang activities and drug deals . Here are the 15 Newtown-like incidents that have occurred between the Sandy Hook massacre and the latest shooting in Oregon : 1 . January 10 , 2013 -- Taft Union High School in Taft , California : A 16-year-old student opened fire in class . He was targeting two classmates who he felt had bullied him , law enforcement said . One student was injured . The shooter was placed into custody after a teacher and campus supervisor persuaded the student to put down his firearm . 2 . January 15 , 2013 -- Stevens Institute of Business and Arts in St. Louis , Missouri : A part-time student shot and injured a school employee then apparently shot himself , according to St. Louis police . 3 . January 31 , 2013 -- Price Middle School in Atlanta , Georgia : A 14-year-old was shot in the head outside his school , police said . His mother told CNN affiliate WSB-TV that he was taken to the hospital . Atlanta Public Schools announced that another student had been taken into custody after the 1:50 p.m. shooting . 4 . April 12 , 2013 -- New River Community College in Christianburg , Virginia : An 18-year-old student drove to the school 's campus inside a mall and began shooting at 1:55 p.m. on a Friday , police said . He wounded two women . 5 . June 7 , 2013 -- Santa Monica College in Santa Monica , California : A gunman killed four people during a rampage that began at a home near the college campus , police said . He opened fire in the residence where police discovered two bodies , then the gunman shot at a passing car and carjacked another . The gunman forced the driver to drive onto the campus and shot two people in a passing vehicle , police said . Another victim was shot outside the campus library , authorities said . The gunman was killed by authorities . 6 . August 20 , 2013 -- Ronald E. McNair Discovery Learning Academy , in Decatur , Georgia : A gunman fired shots and barricaded himself inside the elementary school . Antoinette Tuff , who worked in the front office , was hailed as a hero for engaging suspect Michael Brandon Hill . She managed to talk him into into giving up , and no one was injured , police said . 7 . August 30 , 2013 -- Carver High School in Winston-Salem , North Carolina : A student injured another during a shooting that occurred at 2:45 p.m. during a planned fire drill , CNN affiliate WXII reported . 8 . October 21 , 2013 -- Sparks Middle School in Sparks , Nevada : A 12-year-old opened fire with a handgun he took from his parents , police say . Jose Reyes injured two students and killed Mike Landsberry , a teacher and Afghanistan war veteran , authorities said . Reyes killed himself . 9 . December 13 , 2013 -- Arapahoe High School in Centennial , Colorado : Karl Halverson Pierson opened fire on a Friday inside his suburban Denver high school , police said . The 18-year-old allegedly shot Claire Davis , a 17-year-old senior , who later died at a hospital . Law enforcement said that Pierson apparently wanted revenge against a faculty member because of a "  confrontation or disagreement . " 10 . January 9 , 2014 -- Liberty Technology Magnet High School in Jackson , Tennessee : A 16-year-old student shot a classmate in the leg as classes were being dismissed for the day , police said , according to CNN affiliate WBBJ . The student was treated for his gunshot wound , WBBJ said . 11 . January 14 , 2014 -- Berrendo Middle School in Roswell , New Mexico : A 12-year-old boy walked into the school gym , pulled a shotgun out of a bag and fired at students waiting for the school day to begin , authorities said . The boy wounded two . 12 . January 21 , 2014 -- Purdue University in West Lafayette , Indiana : Student Cody M. Cousins , 23 , opened fire in the basement of the Electrical Engineering Building , according to the university . Cousins allegedly killed Andrew F. Boldt , the school said , and both were listed as seniors . The school 's police chief said that Cousins left the building right after the shooting , and a city police officer arrested him . Cousins was "  booked on a preliminary charge of murder , " Purdue Police Chief John Cox said . 13 . January 24 , 2014 -- South Carolina State University in Orangeburg , South Carolina : A manhunt kicked off after a student Brandon Robinson , 20 , was shot to death at the school , authorities said . "  He was a very nice young man , " South Carolina State University President Thomas Elzey said . "  And it hurts . It hurts us all . " Police arrested Justin Bernard Singleton , 19 , and charged him with Robinson 's killing , according to a statement from the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division . 14 . May 23 , 2014 -- University of California , Santa Barbara in Isla Vista , California : Elliot Rodger , 22 , stabbed to death three people in his apartment , police said . Then Rodger fired into a deli and killed a young man inside the shop and shot to death two sorority sisters . Cheng Yuan Hong , 20 ; George Chen , 19 ; Weihan Wang , 20 ; Katherine Cooper , 22 ; Veronika Weiss , 19 ; and Christopher Michaels-Martinez , 20 , lost their lives . Others were injured . Rodger committed suicide , leaving behind a long , hateful essay . 15 . June 5 , 2014 -- Seattle Pacific University in Seattle , Washington : A 26-year-old man who was not a student at the school was tackled by a student security guard after he killed one person and wounded two others , police said . Once the suspect was on the ground , other students jumped on top of him , according to authorities . Police told CNN affiliate KIRO that Aaron Ybarra was fascinated with school shootings and told investigators he had visited Colorado 's Columbine High School where two students killed 12 students and a teacher in 1999 .	CNN examined Everytown for Gun Safety 's list of school shootings Everytown says 74 school shootings have occurred ; CNN found 15 similar to Oregon shooting A 14-year-old was shot at an Oregon high school Tuesday , authorities said
CNN  -- Record floodwaters inundated parts of southern Louisiana early Tuesday after intense rains caused flash flooding and prompted hundreds of rescues . Estimates by the National Weather Service put total rainfall at 12 to 18 inches across the region , with possible amounts of 20 or more inches in some areas . A flood warning has been issued until late Tuesday . Are you there ? Share your story with iReport Floodwaters were cresting overnight for Bayou Vermilion at Carencro at 5.5 feet over flood stage and 12 inches above the record set in May 2004 . "  We 're still conducting rescues , " Lafayette Parish Sheriff 's Office spokesman Kip Judice said Monday evening . "  We 've done over 150 rescues throughout the day today . " One of those involved 16 middle school students whose bus became stuck after more than 4 feet of water covered the road . "  It was really scary because we could n't get out of the bus ... the water was closing it in , " said student Cory McCall . "  It was thundering and lightning . " Boats and dump trucks were used to reach the children and bring them to safety , Judice said . The town of Carencro was among the hardest hit communities in Lafayette Parish , according to Capt. Craig Stansbury , who is also from the Parish Sheriff 's Office . He noted there were reports of water as high as 8 feet on some roadways . Stansbury said fire department vehicles , tractors and conventional boats and airboats were being used to reach those stranded in homes and cars . "  A lot of things that we have at our disposal , we 're just going to go ahead and utilize , " he said . "  Whatever it takes to get to the people . " The parish declared a state of emergency in the midst of the high water . "  We are working with local officials to ensure they get the resources and support they need to respond to the flooding , " said Kevin Davis , director of the Governor 's Office of Homeland Security and Emergency Preparedness . "  We urge residents to be mindful ... and to take precautionary measures . " A state of emergency was also declared in St. Landry Parish , where Government Administrative Director Jessie Bellard estimated that some 2,000 people had been affected . People were driving dump trucks to rescue residents who have flooding in their homes and ca n't get out . Bellard said several minor and major roads , including part of U.S. Highway 190 , have experienced significant flooding . "  It 's just a terrible situation , " Bellard said . Maj. Ginny Higgins of the St. Martin Parish Sheriff 's Office said flooding affected at least 15 to 20 roads Monday in that parish . Several people were safely rescued after being trapped in their vehicles , she said . A state of emergency has been declared for that parish , Higgins said . Stansbury , from Lafayette Parish , said residents knew Monday would be wet but did n't foresee the volume or intensity . "  There was a forecast of some heavy rains , but I do n't think anybody could have predicted that amount of rain , " he said . And while the worst precipitation is over , the headaches are not . Intermittent rain continued to fall . Judice , from Lafayette Parish , said water levels were continuing to rise in his area . "  It 's still a very crazy situation , " he said . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Barbara Hall contributed to this report .	More than 20 inches of rain possibly fall in some areas , the weather service says A St. Landry Parish official estimates 2,000 people affected by the floods A flood warning is in effect until late Tuesday Floodwaters surround a bus filled with middle school students
CNN  -- Iran 's supreme leader has expressed mixed feelings about his president 's recent diplomatic inroads with the United States . On Saturday , the Ayatollah Ali Khamenei praised President Hassan Rouhani for diplomatic efforts he made during his trip over a week ago to the United Nations in New York . "  We support the government 's diplomatic moves and consider them to be important . We also support what happened during the visit , " Khamenei said according to the official Fars News Agency . During his stay , Rouhani was well-received and struck up a markedly more conciliatory tone than his predecessor Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The visit ended with a historic , ice-breaking conversation with U.S. President Barack Obama , who phoned Rouhani . It was the first time presidents of the two countries had spoken since 1979 , and the tone was agreeable . But Khamenei felt uncomfortable with aspects of the trip , he said in a speech at a graduation ceremony for army officers in Tehran . "  Some of the things that took place during the trip to New York were not quite desirable , " the official Fars News Agency quoted him . They were "  inappropriate , " Iran 's English language broadcaster Press TV reported him saying . Part of the trip "  was n't proper , " Khamenei said in a post to his official English language Twitter account . U.S. official : Obama , Rouhani discussed fate of 3 Americans It was the first time the supreme leader , who is the ultimate holder of power in Iran , commented publicly on Rouhani 's trip . He had no harsh words for his president , but he did for the United States . "  We are optimistic about our dear government 's diplomatic delegation , but we are pessimistic about the United States , " Khamenei said according to Fars , before officers and soldiers who stood lined up at attention holding their weapons . "  The U.S. government is untrustworthy , egotistical and illogical and breaks its promises , " he said . He accused Washington of kowtowing to Israel and bending to its wishes . Curbing enthusiasm The breakthrough phone call between Obama and Rouhani was met with enthusiasm in the United States and elsewhere in the West , but less so with Israel 's leadership . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu took to the U.N. General Assembly podium on October 1 to attempt to curb it . He accused the new Iranian president of being a "  wolf in sheep 's skin " who was still seeking to obtain a nuclear weapon . Kerry : U.S. is not being played by Iran Western leaders have expressed optimism about Iran 's more moderate tone under Rouhani , whose recent comments have raised hopes that a deal could be struck over the Middle Eastern nation 's nuclear program . But Netanyahu urged world leaders not to be duped by Rouhani , calling him a "  loyal servant " to the Islamic regime , which he said "  executes political dissidents by the hundreds " and jails them by the thousands . Netanyahu says he would talk to Rouhani "  It 's not hard to find evidence that Iran has a nuclear weapons program , " Netanyahu said . "  It 's hard to find evidence that Iran does n't have a nuclear weapons program . " Iran has long insisted that it is only interested in developing nuclear energy technology and has no intention of constructing nuclear weapons . Nascent hope Khamenei 's comments Saturday follow a wave of new optimism in Iran about relations with the West . News of the call between Obama and Rouhani has spawned hope of a diplomatic breakthrough , and it has lifted the mood of many Iranians . U.S. holds out prospect of some sanctions relief From bakery to barber shop , cafe to carpet store , Iranians stroll through Tehran with a renewed step , uplifted by how their newly elected president seeks something remarkable after decades of cold war-like relations between their country and the West . "  I just feel it . It 's not like I 've seen anything , but I feel it , " said retiree Syed Ali Akbar . "  It 's the best thing to do . We 've been hurting ourselves for years . " International economic sanctions against Iran have strained day-to-day living there , making essential goods such as medicine expensive and hard to come by . That punishment has taken a toll . "  The sanctions have hurt us . Prices have gone up . There are things you ca n't find , " said Hossein Mohamadi at the Barbari Bread Shop . To many Iranians , Rouhani has seemed to be really advancing the "  hope and prudence " slogan he used during his campaign to become president in June , posturing as a centrist and reformer against hardline conservative thinking that characterized Ahmadinejad . But Rouhani has also met with criticism at home for his diplomatic tone toward the West . Upon his arrival back in Tehran , a detractor threw a shoe in his direction . It is an extremely insulting gesture . Opinion : Be cautious with new , smiley-faced Iran CNN 's Ben Brumfield wrote and reported from Atlanta ; Shirzad Bozorgmehr reported from Tehran ; CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Michael Martinez and Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Iran 's supreme leader appears to have mixed feelings about president 's diplomatic inroads Rouhani 's visit ended with a historic conversation with President Obama It was the first time the supreme leader commented publicly on Rouhani 's trip Khamenei 's comments follow a wave of new optimism about U.S.-Iranian relations
CNN  -- One of Turkey 's biggest clubs will not play European football next season after being found guilty of breaching UEFA 's financial fair play rules . Besiktas , 13-time national champions , will miss out on continental competition for two of the next five seasons -- though the second qualification ban is suspended for a probationary period . UEFA said Bursaspor , another former Turkish titleholder , had also been barred from Europe next season while Turkish reports said Gaziantepspor will miss out the next time it qualifies due to a similar rules breach . Istanbul-based Besiktas had qualified for the second-tier Europa League after finishing fourth in the domestic table , but its place has now been provisionally given to Eskisehirspor . Eskisehirspor failed to earn a European place in the end of season playoffs , finishing behind Bursaspor -- whose Europa League place may now instead go to Istanbul B.B. . The Turkish Federation had to submit its candidates for European competition on Thursday , but UEFA does not have to accept them . Bursaspor , which won the Turkish title for the first time in 2010 and competed in the European Champions League the following season , said it will appeal UEFA 's ruling to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . Its initial fine of $ 200,000  $ 247,000  was cut to $ 50,000  $ 61,000  by UEFA 's appeals body , and suspended for a period of four years . "  We were not supposed to face a ban . This is a murder of law , " Bursaspor chairman Ibrahim Yazıic told the Anatolia news agency . "  I can not understand how a club without debt like Bursaspor can be hit with a ban . We believe that UEFA will return from its mistake . " Besiktas had been fined $ 500,000  $ 618,000  but this was reduced to $ 200,000 -- with half of that on probation for five years . It will also appeal . "  The biggest reason for the ban was stated as the delays in payments to players , " lawyer Emin Ozkurt told CNN Turk . The Hurriyet Daily News said UEFA had earlier warned Besiktas about its levels of debt after looking at the club 's accounts for the second and third quarters of 2011 . Besiktas reached the last 16 of the 2011-12 Europa League , losing to eventual champion Atletico Madrid . The financial fair play rules have been introduced in order to stop clubs spending more than they earn and getting into difficulties . The regulations also seek to counter scenarios where wealthy benefactors bankroll excessive spending to the disadvantage of smaller rival clubs , and distort transfer market values . CNN Turk 's Sercan Tezcanoglu contributed to this report .	Three Turkish clubs banned from European competition by UEFA Fourth-placed Besiktas thrown out of 2012-13 Europa League due to debts Bursaspor will also miss out next season following UEFA appeals hearing Turkish reports say Gaziantepspor will be banned from one future qualification
CNN  -- A day after more than 440 bodies were recovered -- the highest single-day death toll to date in the nation 's civil war -- at least 160 more people were found dead in Syria on Sunday . Here are some of the latest key developments in the country 's 17-month crisis . On the ground : Daraya becomes a horror story On Sunday , 62 people were killed in Damascus and its suburbs , the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria said . The LCC said 21 people , including an entire family , were found dead in the Damascus suburb of Daraya . It said 48 people were killed Sunday in Daraa , the town south of Damascus near the Jordanian border where Syria 's uprising began . CNN spoke by Skype to an activist named Osama , who said the army was executing families in their homes in Daraya and stealing some possessions . He said shelling began last Monday and the military closed all the ways in and out , but he kept in contact with people inside Daraya through the Internet . He was told the army moved into the neighborhood on Friday and began sweeping through buildings where families were taking cover . At least 50 bodies were found in one apartment basement , he reported . Saturday 's death toll included more than 200 bodies found in Daraya , but it was unclear when those victims were killed . One death consumes Syrian family 's life CNN can not independently verify reports of death tolls , as the Syrian regime has severely limited access by international journalists . It 's not surprising that Daraya came under attack , opposition activist Rafif Jouejati said . "  Daraya is being targeted because it is the closest to the capital , and it is one of the first cities that revolted against the Assad regime and was the spearhead of the peaceful demonstrations in the beginning of the revolution , " said Jouejati , a spokeswoman for the LCC . "  I believe the regime thinks that the only way to end the revolution is  to  kill , kill , kill . Deep down , they know they are failing , but they want to destroy as much as possible before it is over . " But the Syrian government had a different take on the situation in Daraya : "  The armed forces cleared the town of Daraya in Damascus countryside from terrorists ... eliminating a large number of them , " the state-run Syrian Arab News Agency reported . Inside Damascus : VP surfaces New video shows Syrian Vice President Farouq al-Sharaa in Damascus holding an official meeting in the capital , despite reports this month that he had defected . The video , distributed by Reuters , showed al-Sharaa meeting with a top Iranian official , Alaeddin Boroujerdi , who according to Syrian state media arrived in Damascus on Saturday . Iran 's state-run Press TV also reported that al-Sharaa had met with an Iranian official "  amid anti-Assad TV 's defection rumors . " More than a week ago , a spokesman for the rebel Free Syrian Army said al-Sharaa had fled the regime . Syrian state-run TV , at the time , did not explicitly say whether al-Sharaa had defected , but reported that the vice president 's office issued a statement saying al-Sharaa "  has never at any moment thought of leaving the homeland to whatever direction . " Had al-Sharaa defected , it would have marked the highest-level departure from President Bashar al-Assad 's regime yet . A stream of Syrian officials resigned from the regime in recent weeks , including Republican Guard Brig. Gen. Manaf Tlas and Prime Minister Riyad Hijab . Like al-Sharaa , the men are Sunnis who held top posts in a government dominated by the country 's Alawite minority . Will Syria 's first lady take a stand or stand by her man ? Observers view al-Sharaa 's power and influence as more significant than the prime minister , who only served in the post for weeks . Al-Sharaa has more clout as a long-time prominent , loyal member of the regime 's old guard . He served as foreign minister under al-Assad and his late father , Hafez , for more than 20 years and has been vice president since 2006 . The region : Turkey denies sending aid to rebels , slams the Syrian government Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu rejected claims that his country was shipping weapons to Syrian rebels in their quest to oust al-Assad , the Anadolu news agency reported Saturday . "  These are the arguments which authoritarian regimes had always used to conceal their internal problems , " Davutoglu told the NTV news channel , according to Anadolu . Davutoglu added , "  No regime fighting its own people can survive long .  The al-Assad regime  has months , and maybe even weeks -- not years . " Syria 's neighbors : What 's at stake ? Syria explained : What you need to know CNN 's Yousif Basil and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Activists report 62 killed in Damascus and its suburbs , including an entire family Video shows Syrian VP in Damascus after defection claims An opposition activist says Daraya is under fire because it revolted against the regime 440 people were reported dead Saturday , including more than 200 bodies found in Daraya
During CNN 's "  Going Green : Green Light for Business " coverage , we 've asked businesses to tell us how they balance the imperative for profit with environmental concerns . Anders Eldrup , CEO and President of DONG Energy , tells us about the company 's plans to switch its reliance from fossil fuels to renewable energy . There are many reasons as to why coal today is the dominant fuel in power generation . In coal many countries found a way to alleviate the extreme dependence of Middle East oil after the 1970 's oil crisis . Horns Rev II will be the world 's largest offshore wind farm when it opens on September 17 , 2009 . But the solutions of yesterday are not necessarily the solutions of today . We now know that fossil fuels are the prime contributors to global warming . Today 85 percent of DONG Energy 's production comes from fossil fuels , whereas 15 percent comes from carbon-neutral sources . DONG Energy wants to turn the numbers around within one generation , so that 85 per cent of our energy production is carbon neutral . We call the vision 85/15 . At present we are formulating the strategy through which our vision will be achieved . The strategy is to create growth and reduce CO2 emissions at the same time , and key elements will be increased efficiency and more biomass and wind energy . Efficient power plants Energy efficiency is an often overlooked method of reducing emissions . DONG Energy 's power plants rank among the most efficient with efficiency rates of up to 47 percent and we constantly work to improve efficiency . Furthermore , the central power plants are combined heating plants that channel excess heat from power production to consumers for domestic heating . Such use of energy elevates efficiency rates to 94 percent . Biomass in power plants To further bring down emissions high efficiency must be supplemented by renewable fuels such as biomass . Already today , Danish power plants use half of the straw from Danish agriculture in our power plants along with increasing quantities of wood chips and wood pellets . Wind power works Today , DONG Energy has built half of the world 's offshore wind mills and wind energy will be an important contribution to achieving the 85/15 vision . Off the coast of Western Denmark , DONG Energy is completing the construction of the world 's largest offshore wind farm , Horns Rev II . When it opens on the 17th of September this year , its 91 windmills will generate enough power to supply 200,000 households . The offshore wind farm , London Array , in the Thames Estuary , will be another testimony to the potential of wind energy . DONG Energy owns 50 percent of the 1GW London Array project , which will be the world 's largest offshore wind farm , powering 750,000 homes . First phase of the London Array is due to be completed by 2012 . Green transport The uneasy companion of large quantities of wind power is great variation in power production due to the intermittency of wind . Electric cars can help absorb the surplus power production when energy production is high because of strong winds and when energy consumption is low at night . More electric cars simply mean more wind energy . In addition , electric cars can reduce the rapidly growing CO2-emissions from the transport sector . DONG Energy is developing the infrastructure and technology that will allow for cleaner and more intelligent forms of transportation . But the approach to the transport sector has to be broad based . DONG Energy is building one of the world 's first demonstration plants for second generation bioethanol in Denmark . Contrary to first generation bioethanol produced from food crops , second generation bioethanol is based on residual products from forestry and agriculture . The plant will produce 5.4 million liters of clean and affordable second generation bioethanol each year . The role of politics These are key elements in our strategy to simultaneously pursue growth and reduce CO2 emissions . But politicians must contribute by creating a political framework that aligns economic growth and climate mitigation . Concerns over growth and over climate change mitigation should not have to be balanced . They should be integrated . On one hand , politicians must create economic incentives by ensuring a high price on CO2 and a global carbon trade system shared by all developed countries . On the other hand , politicians must formulate ambitious car-emissions standards , building codes etc. . The first step towards aligning growth and climate concerns has to be taken in Copenhagen in December this year .	DONG Energy aims to reduce its reliance on fossil fuels to produce energy Heavily involved in wind energy , has built half of the world 's offshore windmills Opening world 's largest wind farm in September , Horns Rev II has 91 windmills Eldrup : "  Economic growth and climate mitigation concerns must be aligned "
CNN Student News  -- December 9 , 2014 What is profiling , and how is the U.S. government expanding a ban on it ? Today 's show begins with a look at new guidelines for law enforcement . Economics also factors in today , with U.S. jobs numbers up but wages dragging behind . We 'll explain how and why some rhinos are being transported in South Africa , and we 'll take a moment to celebrate historic failures . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- Portugal winger Nani has been ruled out of the 2010 World Cup in South Africa with a collar bone injury . Nani , who plays for English premier League side Manchester United , suffered the injury in a training session with his national side in Portugal , before leaving for the tournament which begins on June 11 . Nani 's injury was not immediately levelheaded by coach Carlos Queiroz , but the Portuguese football association announced that the winger would not be taking part in the World Cup on their official Web site on Monday . "  After daily assessment of the evolution of the injury , including the carrying out of complementary exams , we have concluded that Nani was not able to compete , " a statement read . Nani will be replaced in the squad by Benfica midfielder Ruben Amorin , ahead of Portugal 's first match against Ivory Coast in Port Elizabeth on 15 June . With Nani watching from the stands , Portugal labored to a 3-0 victory Mozambique in their final warm-up game in Johannesburg on Tuesday . After a goalless first half , Danny collected a pass from Deco to open the scoring in the 51st minute , before striker Hugo Almeida came off the bench to score twice . Nani is the latest Premier League player to succumb to injury in the build-up to the finals . Chelsea duo Michael Essien of Ghana and John Obi Mikel of Nigeria , and Manchester United 's England Captain Rio Ferdinand , are also missing the showpiece . Ivory Coast striker Didier Drogba , who also plays for Premier League champions Chelsea , is a doubt for the tournament after breaking his arm in his team 's friendly against Japan on Friday . Meanwhile , European champions Spain warmed up for South Africa in style with a 6-0 thrashing of Poland . Winger David Silva and striker David Villa made it 2-0 at half-time before Xabi Alonso added a third early in the second period . Cesc Fabregas and Fernando Torres both marked their returns from injury by coming off the bench to score and Pedro added a sixth ten minutes before full-time . But many people 's World Cup favorites suffered an injury scare when Barcelona star Andres Iniesta limped off after 39 minutes with a thigh injury . In other news , Switzerland defender Philippe Senderos has joined Fulham from Arsenal on a three-year contract .	Portugal winger Nani is out of the World Cup with a collar bone injury Portugal defeat Mozambique 3-0 in final World Cup warm-up match Nani is the latest Premier League player to withdraw from the tournament through injury Spain thrash Poland 6-0 but Andres Iniesta comes off injured in first half
SAN DIEGO , California  CNN  -- Conditions that created what California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger dubbed "  the perfect storm for fire " eased Wednesday , helping firefighters gain ground against devastating Southern California wildfires . A plane drops fire retardant on the fourth day of a wildfire pushed by winds through Pauma Valley , California . Winds that gusted as much as 101 mph on Sunday dropped to about 30 mph Wednesday evening . Meanwhile , the dry Santa Ana winds that have fanned the flames , changed direction and began blowing inland from the Pacific Ocean , increasing the humidity and easing the burden on almost 8,900 firefighters in the area . But the destruction was taking its toll on the men and women on the front lines of the fires . "  It hurts us to have those homes lost . It hurts us to have those injuries . And it is frustrating for us to watch our community be devastated by this , " said firefighter Andy Menshek . As conditions improved , officials allowed people to return to communities that had been off-limits because of intense flames and dense smoke . "  It was home , " said Mark Davis , whose two-story Rancho Bernardo house burned to the ground . "  It was us . We had been there 28 years , and it had a lot of our flavor . " The change in the weather also meant that firefighting aircraft -- grounded for most of the week by the winds -- could finally fly . California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection Capt. Scott McLean called the droning sound of aircraft the "  sound of joy . " "  Their drops are hitting their mark because the wind is not there , " he said . The rate of burning had slowed significantly by Wednesday . Still , the fire damage increased to 434,543 acres , said Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger . Watch Schwarzenegger give a progress report " That amounted to 679 square miles , or about 10 times the size of Washington , D.C. By Wednesday evening , the largest fire -- the Witch in northern San Diego County -- was 10 percent contained . It burned about 196,000 acres before combining with the smaller Poomacha blaze . Seven fires among the 22 counted Wednesday were contained . See where the fires are burning " Others , such as the Buckweed Fire in Los Angeles County , were as much as 94 percent contained . One large fire was a suspected arson . The FBI and the Orange County Fire Authority are investigating the Santiago fire that has burned more than 19,000 acres . All three of its points of origin have been declared crime scenes , said Jim Amornino , a spokesman for the Orange County Sheriff 's Department . A $ 70,000 reward is being offered for any information leading to the arrest of those responsible for setting the fire . The blaze was about 50 percent contained after destroying 17 structures . Watch the raging flames of the Santiago fire " The smaller Rosa fire in Riverside County , 70 percent contained at just over 400 acres , was also a probably arson , state officials said . As the fire danger eased , residents were allowed to return to several neighborhoods surrounding San Diego : Del Mar Highlands , Encinitas , Solana Beach , Carmel Valley , Chula Vista and Otay Mesa . Helicopters were back in the air over the Lake Arrowhead , California , area after all air activity had been suspended because of extremely smoky skies . In nearby Running Springs , CNN 's Ted Rowlands stood in the midst of charred , smoldering rubble strewn with potentially deadly power lines . "  It will be a while before these people will come back . When they do come back , unfortunately they 'll have this pretty much to look at , " he said Wednesday . Watch Rowlands describe a major battle with the flames " About 500 homes were lost in the mountainous region in San Bernardino County east of Los Angeles . See photos of the fires " "  Yesterday we could n't be here , because just this little flame and smoldering pieces of wood would be thrown by the intense winds . ... Now you can see the flames just basically burning themselves out , " said Rowlands . The fires have already destroyed 1,664 structures -- including 1,436 homes -- and they still threaten 25,000 more , Schwarzenegger said Wednesday . The blazes have killed three people and left 40 hurt , he said . The governor will fly over the area Thursday with President Bush , who signed a major disaster declaration Wednesday . Watch Bush emphasize the need to be responsive " It 'll speed federal dollars to people whose property losses are n't covered by insurance and will help local and state agencies pay for the emergency response . The cost of homes destroyed by the wildfires is likely to top $ 1 billion in San Diego County alone , an emergency official said . Federal help keeps arriving as officials promise a response based on lessons learned from Hurricane Katrina . People left homeless by the fires can go online to apply for federal help at FEMA.gov , he said . There were 76,000 people staying in the 42 shelters opened in San Diego County Wednesday morning , according to San Diego emergency spokeswoman Lynda Pfieffer . Qualcomm Stadium -- home to the NFL 's San Diego Chargers -- housed 11,000 evacuees at the peak of the disaster , but that number dropped to 5,000 Wednesday morning . Watch how evacuees are being taken care of at the stadium " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Kate Bolduan contributed to this report .	Local and federal officials probe suspected arson , offer $ 70,000 reward Wind speeds drop , humidity increases after Santa Ana winds change direction President Bush signs major disaster declaration for Southern California Home losses will likely top $ 1 billion in San Diego County , official says
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- Two of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's children are suing their brother , accusing him of wrongfully taking money from their parents ' estates . Dexter King , left , Bernice King and Martin Luther King III attend a 2006 tribute for their late mother . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III allege that Dexter King took "  substantial funds " out of Coretta Scott King 's estate and "  wrongfully appropriated " money from their father 's estate . The suit , filed Thursday in Fulton County Superior Court , serves as a very public fissure in an iconic family that has always professed unity , particularly as questions have swirled around some of their financial dealings . In a written statement Friday , Dexter King called the suit "  inappropriate and false . " "  I 'm disappointed that our personal family disagreement , as it relates to the family business , has evolved into being handled in a public legal forum , " he said . "  It is my hope that this inappropriate and false claim by my siblings will be swiftly resolved and we can go about the business of focusing on our parents ' tremendous legacy . " The Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in April 1968 in Memphis , Tennessee , where he was to lead garbage workers on a protest march . King 's wife , Coretta Scott King , also devoted her life to the civil rights movement , died in 2006 . Attorneys for Bernice King and Martin Luther King III would not say Friday how much money they are accusing Dexter King of taking from their mother 's estate . Bernice King is the administrator of that estate . Dexter King , the suit says , controls their father 's estate , which is registered as a Georgia corporation . All three children are shareholders in that corporation . The lawsuit names Dexter King and the corporation as defendants . It alleges that last month , the defendants "  converted substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America for their own use . " Harmon Caldwell , an Atlanta attorney representing the plaintiffs , said Dexter King is a signatory on the account , but "  was not authorized to transfer the funds , " and gave his sister "  no notice that those funds were being transferred . " The suit says that as a result of the transfer , "  plaintiffs have and will suffer financial loss . " The lawsuit lists Bernice King as a plaintiff both individually and as administrator of their mother 's estate . Separately , the suit says Dexter King "  has wrongfully appropriated assets belonging to the -LSB- estate of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. -RSB- or its shareholders for his own benefit . " Caldwell said Dexter King has refused to say what has happened with some of the corporation 's money . "  I ca n't tell you that he 's gone out and used corporate assets for his own living expenses , " the attorney said . "  What I can tell you for certainty is that by not providing Martin and Bernice with information about how the corporation is using its assets , he is essentially using those assets , appropriating those assets for his own benefit . " The plaintiffs ' attorneys would not estimate the size of either estate . But one , Jock Smith , noted that a collection of King 's manuscripts and other items was sold in 2006 for a reported $ 32 million . "  I do n't think it was a substantial corporation of any sort before that , " Smith said . Over the years , the family of the civil rights leader has zealously protected its financial interests , at times taking legal steps even against the media for showing some of King 's most famous speeches . In 2005 , some news agencies reported on the King Center , a nonprofit , having put millions of dollars into a for-profit business run by Dexter King . The family rejected allegations of wrongdoing , and has generally pushed to keep financial matters private . Smith said his clients made repeated efforts to reach out to their brother in recent weeks before deciding to take legal action . Smith agreed with the suggestion that it was emotionally tough for the King children to file the suit . "  That would be the understatement of the year , Smith said .	Bernice King , Martin Luther King III name Dexter King , father 's estate as defendants Suit also says defendants wrongfully took money from Coretta Scott King estate Suit alleges defendants "  converted substantial funds " for their own use The suit was filed in Fulton County Superior Court in Atlanta , Georgia
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department defended its scrutiny of reporters around a high-profile national security leak investigation , saying on Tuesday that it followed its own regulations in acquiring subpoenas for Associated Press phone records . But a letter from Peter Kadzik , principal deputy assistant attorney general , to members of Congress failed to answer a key question asked by lawmakers : When did Attorney General Eric Holder formally recuse himself from the leak investigation ? Holder said in congressional testimony that he took that step to avoid a possible conflict of interest because he had been interviewed about the leak during the course of the investigation . That investigation centered on who told the AP about a 2012 plot by an al Qaeda affiliate in Yemen to bomb an airliner . Opinion : Eric Holder should discuss leaks publicly The issue has generated sharp political controversy . Lawmakers have claimed investigative overreach by the Obama administration and media outlets have expressed concerned about the potential chilling effect of such efforts on press freedoms . Specifically , the Republicans are concerned about whether Holder was being truthful during May 15 congressional testimony . "  With regard to potential prosecution of the press for the disclosure of material , that is not something that I have ever been involved in , heard of , or would think would be a wise policy , " Holder said . It later came to light Holder had authorized a search warrants for e-mails and subpoenas for phone records in another leak case in which the government indicated a TV reporter was suspected of breaking the law . This stoked more controversy . The letter from Kadzik in response to congressional follow-up to Holder 's testimony said Deputy Attorney General James Cole , who approved the subpoenas for the AP records , also had been interviewed by investigators during the leak probe . 5 things about the controversy surrounding AG Eric Holder According to the letter , Cole did not have any contacts with the media at the time "  thus avoiding the appearance of a conflict of interest . " The subpoenas involved records for more than 20 AP phone lines for part of April and May 2012 . The toll records would show what numbers were dialed from the AP lines and what numbers dialed in , but would not provide any information on the content of conversations . According to the letter to the House Judiciary Committee , the Justice Department followed its rules and exhausted other methods to find out who might have leaked the classified information before seeking the phone records . The letter said investigators conducted more than 550 interviews and examined tens of thousands of pages of documents before issuing subpoenas involving the AP lines . Justice Department rules call for negotiations with news organizations on such issues unless there is a "  substantial threat to the integrity of the investigation . " The Justice Department said because the investigation was ongoing it could n't provide specific information on why the Justice Department did n't go directly to the AP .	Justice Dept. response to Congress says it followed rules in scrutiny of Associated Press Congress wants to know when attorney general recused himself from leak probe DOJ sought to find out who told AP about al Qaeda airliner plot NEW : Investigators conducted more than 550 interviews , examined documents
Gaza City  CNN  -- Take a soccer-crazy crowd and a traditional Palestinian opening ceremony . Add a splash of corporate sponsorship , and sprinkle in some black-clad , gun-toting security . What you 're left with is the World Cup of soccer -- Gaza style . The 16-team , two-week tournament culminated Saturday with the field narrowed down to France and Jordan . The idea for the contest was the brainchild of American aid worker Patrick McGrann and a Palestinian colleague . "  There were a lot of us who were offended that Gaza is not allowed to participate with the rest of the world -- whether it 's diplomacy , whether it 's schooling , whether it 's education or whether it 's sports , " McGrann said . "  So we chose to try and come up with something special . And in this case , a Gaza World Cup . If the rest of the world gets a World Cup , we thought Gaza should get one too . " While the teams wore the colors of France and Jordan , almost all of the players were Palestinian . Foreign nationals working for the United Nations and other aid organizations rounded out the teams to give it its international flavor . American player Corey Pattison played for the French team . He said they found a way to work past the language barrier . "  When I get out there , it 's more like , ` Corey , go forward , go forward , go forward . Do n't kick the ball out of bounds , ' " he said . A crowd of several thousand men , along with a few women , watched the two teams battle in a game played down to the proverbial wire . After scoring a goal a piece , the match went into overtime -- with the French besting the Jordanians on penalty shots . The crowd , as expected , went wild . And the jubilation of the players could not be contained . One jumped up on the rail separating the field from the spectators , took off his jersey and led the crowd in a raucous chant . While organizers had hoped to keep politics out of the cup , the politicians could not stay away . Hamas Prime Minister Ismail Haniyeh presided over the award ceremony . But this was a day for Gazans to put aside politics and their many problems , at least for a while , and bask in the glory of hosting -- and winning -- the World Cup .	Palestinians stage 16-team soccer "  World Cup " in Gaza Teams made up of local players plus international aid workers "  France " beats "  Jordan " on penalty kicks in the final
Editor 's note : Dina Habib Powell , global head of corporate engagement at Goldman Sachs , served as U.S. assistant secretary of state for educational and cultural affairs from 2005 to 2007 . Dina Habib Powell says there are encouraging signs the world is ready to invest in empowering women . NEW YORK  CNN  -- As we mark International Women 's Month in March , it is encouraging to see that the movement to recognize the vital role that women play in families , nations and economies has been building for more than a decade and that developments in the past few years have shown that real progress has begun to take hold . On the heels of International Women 's Day , President Obama said Monday , "  we will not sow the seeds for a brighter future or reap the benefits of the change we need without the full and active participation of women around the world . " He also recently announced the creation of a new position , ambassador-at-large for global women 's Issues , at the State Department . To fill this critical role , the president nominated Melanne Verveer , a widely respected women 's advocate and former top aide to then first lady Hillary Clinton . Verveer was a founder of Vital Voices Global Partnership , an organization committed to empowering women and recently co-chaired by Secretary Clinton and Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R-Texas . There has also been very recent progress on Capitol Hill . Last month , the U.S. Senate created a Foreign Relations subcommittee that will focus on the global status of women , led by Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California . The efforts have been a bipartisan priority for our leaders . In 2008 , then-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice successfully led the effort in the U.N. Security Council to officially recognize rape as a weapon of war . And in 2001 , Laura Bush used the first presidential radio address ever given by a first lady to focus international attention on the plight of women in Afghanistan and used her influence to protect and empower women around the world . Critical strides are also being made globally . In Rwanda , a country devastated by genocide , women have become a key part of the nation 's rebirth . Under the leadership of President Paul Kagame , more than half of the parliament is made up of women . In Liberia , President Ellen Johnson-Sirleaf made history when she became the first female president on the African continent . In the Middle East , Kuwait has emerged as a leader in women 's suffrage and political participation . And in the United Arab Emirates , women such as Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi , minister of foreign trade , have been trailblazers for progress throughout the region . This social change is being promoted at the United Nations , where Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon recently noted that the protection , education and empowerment of women and girls are among the most important ingredients to achieving all other Millennium Development Goals . Such consensus should not be surprising as study after study has found that investing in the education of women improves lives . Every extra year of girls ' education can reduce infant mortality by 5 to 10 percent . In Africa , children of mothers who receive five years of primary education are 40 percent more likely to live beyond age 5 . And multicountry data show educated mothers are about 50 percent more likely to immunize their children than uneducated mothers are . But one of the most important developments of recent years has been the increasing amount of research that shows investments in women can offer not only social benefits , but also real economic growth . A growing body of evidence highlights the economic advantage of educating and empowering women . The private sector has seized on this data . There is now broad consensus that investing in women is not only just good social policy , it is "  smart economics , " as Bob Zoellick , president of the World Bank , says . Toward that end , the World Bank has convened a Private Sector Leaders Forum with companies committed to these issues , such as Standard Chartered , Cisco , PricewaterhouseCoopers , Ernst & Young , Carlson and Nike . My own firm , Goldman Sachs , published two critical pieces of research , "  Womenomics " and "  Women Hold Up Half the Sky , " which found that investments in women -- through increased education and labor force participation -- can lead to real economic growth in developed and developing countries . Specifically , this research found that a 1 percentage point increase in female education raises the average level of gross domestic product by .37 and raises annual GDP growth rates by .2 on average . Such findings led to the development of 10,000 Women , an initiative that is working with a global network of leading academic and nonprofit partners to provide women at home and abroad with quality management and entrepreneurial education . This education is helping to create a greater number of female-owned small and medium enterprises , and a new generation of leaders poised to have exponential impact . One recent graduate of the program , Tuokpe Esisi , a fashion designer from Nigeria , has already increased her revenues , and immediately invested a portion of her profits to provide tutors for the illiterate male tailors she employs . This not only positions her enterprise for greater growth , but is also a perfect demonstration of the multiplier effect of investing in women . Organizations such as Women for Women International , Camfed and the International Center for Research on Women have long touted this multiplier effect and are supported by private-public partnerships dedicated to the promotion of women leaders . For example , the State Department , with the help of Vital Voices , instituted a mentoring program for the past four years with Fortune 's Most Powerful Women . The program pairs leading U.S. executives -- such as Ann Moore  Time Inc  , Pat Woertz  ADM  , Helene Gayle  Care  and Anne Mulcahy  Xerox  -- with rising female entrepreneurs in developing countries . At the dawn of the 20th century , Egyptian poet Hafez Ibrahim said : "  When you educate a woman , you create a nation . " Nearly a century later , the cause of women 's empowerment has never been more important . As New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof recently put it , gender inequality is "  the dominant moral challenge we face in the 21st century . " This challenge also presents an opportunity we can not afford to squander . We should seize this moment and this momentum . There is tremendous work to be done , but history has shown us that women will not let us down . They will take up the challenge and build up their families , their villages and ultimately all our nations . The opinions expressed in this column are solely those of Dina Habib Powell .	Dina Powell : As we mark Women 's Month , there are encouraging signs Both parties in the U.S. are taking steps to invest in the role of women , she says She says studies show that more education decreases infant mortality Investing in women 's education leads to increases in economic growth , she says
CNN  -- This weekend some of the world 's highest-paid sportswomen will battle for supremacy in Ireland , with the most prestigious team prize in their sport up for grabs . Golf 's Solheim Cup is the female equivalent of the Ryder Cup , but it has yet to garner such a big reputation , despite a rich history and intense competition over the years . With this in mind , CNN gives the lowdown on a great sporting event that deserves your attention ... From humble beginnings : To trace the origins of the competition , we need to go back to 1959 and a garage in Redwood City , California . It was in this garage that a 48-year-old Norwegian engineer and golf lover , fed up with the putters he was using to play the game , decided to use his in-depth knowledge of science to manufacturer his own putters by hand . From these humble beginnings , the world famous PING brand of golfing equipment was born . That man was Karsten Solheim and it was he , alongside his son John and the U.S. and European ladies golf tours , who developed the concept of a women 's team event between the two continents . The inaugural tournament , bearing Solheim 's name , was held in 1990 at the Lake Nona club in Florida . Two teams of eight players faced each other , with the American side running out comfortable winners 11 1/2 to 4 1/2 . In 1996 the tournament was increased to 12 players per side , a number that stands to this day and it has become the leading team event in women 's golf , with players earning their place either through their own tour money lists , or as a captain 's pick -- exactly the same as in the men 's Ryder Cup . There have been 11 tournaments in total , with the United States leading 8-3 , but the European team have not won any of the six competitions played on American soil . The football-loving legend : No look at the Solheim Cup can be taken without mentioning Laura Davies . Quite astonishingly , the Englishwoman , who turns 48 next month , has appeared in all 11 previous tournaments and , once again , she is a member of the European team at Kileen Castle . Davies is a phenomenon in women 's golf . As well as her achievements on the course -- which include winning four majors amongst her 81 victories -- she has been a flag-bearer for promoting the game , most notably when , in 2004 , she became the first woman to compete on the men 's European Tour . Davies is sports daft and is a keen racehorse owner as well as an avid follower of Liverpool Football Club . However , her love of football got her into trouble with tournament organizers in the 1996 Evian Masters , when she was fined for watching a match on a portable TV during the final round of that tournament . It did n't seem to hamper her game -- she won that particular tournament by four strokes ! Swedish legend Annika Sorenstam appeared in eight Solheim Cups , winning 22 of her 37 matches , while compatriot Sophie Gustafson , another member of the current side , and European captain Alison Nicholas have also starred in eight tournaments . As for the Americans , you have to look hard to find a bigger legend than Juli Inkster . Despite reaching the age of 51 to become the oldest-ever competitior , the Californian is once again facing the European side this year , her ninth appearance in the event . Breaking the mould : The Solheim Cup has never really seen a player like Christina Kim before . Not only is the 27-year-old Californian a lucky charm for the United States , appearing in the winning teams of 2005 and 2009 -- claiming five out of eight points in the process -- her infectious personality , undiluted enthusiasm , larger-than-life character and wacky dress sense has been a highlight of recent competitions . Kim is known for her bawdy sense of humor and occasional bouts of bad language that occasionally land her in hot water with golfing authorities . Describing her fist-pumping celebrations in the 2009 Solheim Cup , former LPGA star Dottie Pepper wrote in a column for Sports Illustrated : "  I know Christina Kim loves the galleries and is a ham , but she should be a little more respectful of the game . In the NFL , she would have been given 18 excessive celebration penalties . " Despite becoming the youngest-ever player to reach $ 1 million in career earnings , Kim has not won on the LPGA Tour since 2005 and last year her autobiography , "  Swinging from My Heels : Confessions of an LPGA Star " , was released to critical acclaim . Chaos and controversy : Do n't be deceived by the genteel nature of women 's golf . The passion and will-to-win is as high as the men , but that spilled over into acrimonious scenes in 2003 . The Barseback Golf and Country Club in Malmo , Sweden provided the setting for the eighth Solheim Cup and the first to be played away from either the United States or Great Britain . Scotland 's Catriona Matthew secured victory for Europe on the 17th green , resulting in wild scenes of celebration . However , there were still quite a few singles matches still out on the course , including Norway 's Suzann Pettersen against American Cristie Kerr . An excited Pettersen incurred Kerr 's wrath by encouraging the crowd to make more noise in celebration as Kerr was about to putt on the 15th green . Kerr missed the putt and Pettersen won the hole . But , sensing her opponent 's annoyance , Pettersen turned to Kerr on the 16th green and conceded the match , before joining the European celebrations . The same thing happened between the aforementioned Laura Davies and opponent Meg Mallon on the 14th hole but , as the match was all square , the pair both walked up to the tournament referee to concede at the same time , causing confusion . The Beth Daniel-Mhairi McKay match also came to an abrupt end with the score in the balance resulting in American captain Patty Sheehan telling reporters : "  I have never seen that before . All of a sudden , everyone just quit . It was n't quite right . " Trophy on trophy : Appropriately enough , as the tournament is in Ireland this year , the Solheim Cup trophy is made of Waterford Crystal glass , which originates just down the coast from the Killeen Castle resort . The urn-shaped trophy is 19 inches high , weighs more than 20 pounds and sits atop a wooden base . It was designed in 1990 for the inaugural tournament , but what makes it unusual is an engraving of the trophy on the trophy -- a panel on one side of the crystal is engraved with the Solheim Cup logo , and the logo incorporates the trophy itself . Following the men : The competition is now a complete mirror image of the men 's prestigious Ryder Cup , involving the same amount of players , format , points on offer and rivalry . But with the American team bidding for a fourth successive victory , the pressure is on for the Europeans to stop the rot , especially as another defeat will increase the clamor for the tournament to be changed to allow Asian players to compete . Asian golfers rule the roost in the women 's game , with six of the world 's top 10 players coming from the continent . In 1979 , worried by the one-sided nature of the competition , Ryder Cup organizers decided that their biennial competition between the United States and Great Britain should be altered to make it Europe instead of Britain . The change completely altered the nature of the event , making it closer and more exciting . Another American victory , taking their overall lead to 9-3 , will certainly intensify that particular debate .	The Solheim Cup takes place this weekend between Europe and United States It is the 12th edition of the biennial tournament with the U.S. leading 8-3 England 's Laura Davies is the only player to compete in every Solheim Cup American Juli Inkster , 51 , is the oldest Solheim Cup competitor
As Congress voted on the Affordable Care Act , or Obamacare , in 2010 , one of the bill 's architects , MIT economist Jonathan Gruber , told a college audience that those pushing the legislation pitched it as a bill that would control spiraling health care costs even though most of the bill was focused on something else and there was no guarantee the bill would actually bend the cost curve . In recent days , the past comments of Gruber -- who in this 2010 speech notes that he "  helped write the federal bill " and "  was a paid consultant to the Obama administration to help develop the technical details as well " -- have been given renewed attention . In previously posted but recently noticed speeches , Gruber discusses how those pushing the bill took part in an "  exploitation of the lack of economic understanding of the American voter , " taking advantage of voters ' "  stupidity " to create a law that would ultimately be good for them . In this fourth video , Gruber 's language is not as stark as in three previous instances , but his suggestion that Obamacare proponents engaged in less-than-honest salesmanship remains . "  Barack Obama 's not a stupid man , okay ? " Gruber said in his remarks at the College of the Holy Cross on March 11 , 2010 . "  He knew when he was running for president that quite frankly the American public does n't actually care that much about the uninsured ... What the American public cares about is costs . And that 's why even though the bill that they made is 90 % health insurance coverage and 10 % about cost control , all you ever hear people talk about is cost control . How it 's going to lower the cost of health care , that 's all they talk about . Why ? Because that 's what people want to hear about because a majority of American care about health care costs . " You can watch the speech on the C-SPAN website here Gruber said the measures in the bill that attempt to lower costs constitute a "  spaghetti approach " -- throwing everything against the wall to see what sticks . And while preferable to the status quo , Gruber said he could offer no guarantee that any of the measures would work . "  The only way we 're going to stop our country from being a latter day Roman Empire and falling under its own weight is getting control of the growth rate of health care costs , " he said . "  The problem is we do n't know how . " Experts "  know what the problem is , " he said . "  Our providers are paid enormously high . In the 1950s surgeons are middle class guys like professors ... Now they live on the Hamptons , the Cape , they 're like investment bankers . Gruber said attempts to control costs in a real way were politically untenable . "  The problem is if we just say , ` Look , let 's just cut our spending , ' well , the problem is you 're going to then eat into what the rich guys are getting that they 're liking . And that does n't go so well . That 's going to be pretty hard politically . That 's why no one has a politically feasible way right now to bend the cost curve , it just does n't exist . " Politicians could suggest capping costs but "  you would n't win many elections . " The emergence of this videos from an important crafter of the legislation , repeatedly suggesting that "  stupid " voters were misled for their own good by Obamacare supporters , is a potential political problem for the president . He now faces a Congress completely controlled by Republicans , determined to chip away at if not completely overturn the health care law . He also faces another U.S. Supreme Court case on the matter ; Supreme Court Justices will assuredly be made aware of the Gruber comments one way or another . Asked about Gruber 's comments from a 2013 University of Pennsylvania panel in which the economist said "  a lack of transparency was a huge political advantage for the President ... " in selling the bill to the American people , White House press secretary Josh Earnest said "  the process associated with writing and passing and implementing the Affordable Care Act has been extraordinarily transparent . " Earnest insisted "  it is Republicans who have been less than forthright and transparent about what their proposed changes to the Affordable Care Act would do in terms of the choices that are available to middle-class families . I know there is at least one very prominent Republican who campaigned for reelection saying that he would repeal the Affordable Care Act , but yet keep in place the Affordable Care Act marketplace that has operated very successfully in his state . " Asked about Gruber 's reference to the "  stupidity of the American voter , " Earnest said , "  I disagree vigorously with that assessment . " Gruber declined to comment to CNN . Related : Third Obamacare architect video emerges On Thursday , House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-Calif. , was asked about Gruber 's remarks . "  I do n't know who he is , " she said . "  He did n't help write our bill . " A Washington Post story noted that Pelosi in 2009 cited Gruber 's work approvingly . The Obama administration in recent days has suggested that efforts to bend the cost curve have been working . "  Since President Obama signed the Affordable Care Act , there is evidence that we have bent the cost curve when it comes to health care , " the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services , Sylvia Matthews Burwell , said in September . "  Across the board , we have now held down health care price inflation to the lowest rate in 50 years . " As Sophie Novack noted earlier this year in National Journal , the slowdown in the growth of health care costs is indeed "  promising , but analysts remain split over what accounts for the changeâ $ " and , consequently , how long it will be sustained . The more pessimistic view is that the lower cost growth is a result of the recession and will inflate again as the economy recovers . " A 2013 Kaiser Foundation study concluded that the struggling economy was responsible for 77 % of the slowed growth , "  that the economy , including factors such as Gross Domestic Product growth and inflation , produces a major but delayed effect on the nation 's health spending . This effect stretches over a period of six years , meaning that the recession that ended in 2009 will continue to dampen health care spending for several more years and that spending will increase gradually as the economy strengthens . " At a press conference in 2010 , President Obama told this reporter that "  bending the cost curve on health care is hard to do . I said at the time , it was n't going to happen tomorrow , it was n't going to happen next year . It took us decades to get into a position where our health care costs were going up 6 , 7 , 10 percent a year . And so our goal is to slowly bring down those costs , " he said . Obama added , "  as a consequence of us getting 30 million additional people health care , at the margins , that 's going to increase our costs , we knew that . We did n't think that we were going to cover 30 million people for free , but that the long-term trend in terms of how much the average family is going to be paying for health insurance is going to be improved as a consequence of health care . " The first few Gruber videos to get any media attention were documented over the course of the last year by Rich Weinstein , an investment adviser who became interested in the origins of the law after the price of insurance for his family doubled .	A series of videos featuring statements by an Obamacare architect have incited a furor among conservatives In the videos , MIT professor Jonathan Gruber suggested Obamacare supporters were over-emphasizing the benefits of the health care law .
CNN  -- Southwest Airlines announced Saturday that it is grounding 81 planes for inspection following an incident in which one of its flights was forced to make an emergency landing after a 3-foot hole tore open in the fuselage of the plane . Investigators are trying to determine the cause of the "  depressurization event " and have "  decided to keep a subset of its Boeing 737 fleet out of the flying schedule to begin an aggressive inspection effort in cooperation with Boeing engineers , " according to a company statement . "  The safety of our Customers and Employees is our primary concern , and we are grateful there were no serious injuries , " said Mike Van de Ven , Southwest 's executive vice president and chief operating officer . The plane managed to land safely at a military base in Yuma , Arizona on Friday , where authorities "  discovered a hole in the top of the aircraft , " the company said earlier . Meanwhile , passengers who were aboard the crippled the Boeing 737 said they had feared for their lives . "  We were in shock , " passenger Debbie Downey told CNN Saturday . "  We were in row 16 and my husband and I could see blue sky ... the wiring , the cabling . It actually was terrifying . " She said . "  a lot of people were crying and holding hands " but had trouble hearing due to the noise of air rushing through the plane 's opening . "  It was very , very scary . " "  I heard a loud popping sound about three or four minutes before it blew open on us , " passenger Greg Hansen said . "  Then  a big explosion happened . A big noise , and from there , you felt some of the air being sucked out . It happened right behind me , in the row behind me and it covers about two-and-a-half rows , " he said from seat 11C . Hansen , 41 , a regional sales manager for a biotech company , was flying home to Sacramento , California , from a business trip . Some people panicked and screamed as the blue sky and sun began to shine through the cabin in mid-flight , he said . "  Most people were just white knuckles holding onto the arm rests . The pilots did a great job and were under control to get us to a manageable level , " he said . But just behind him , Hansen said he could see the jagged edge of the aircraft where the rivets used to be . "  You can see the insulation and wiring . The interior ceiling panel was bouncing up and down with the air , " he said . "  It was surreal , when you 're riding in a modern aircraft . You 're used to being enclosed and not having the window rolled down , " he said . Hansen described the hole as being about 3 or 4 feet long and about a foot wide . Passenger Brenda Reese told CNN affiliates KCRA and KOVR she began to fear for her life . "  I was texting my sister to make certain that she told my kids that I loved them , " Reese said . Southwest Flight 812 made an emergency landing at Yuma Marine Corps Air Station/International Airport at 5:07 p.m.  7:07 p.m. ET . The Federal Aviation Administration  FAA  said the captain made a rapid , controlled descent from 36,000 feet to about 11,000 feet after the cabin lost pressure . "  We do not know the cause of the decompression , " said Ian Gregor of the FAA . Hansen said the incident took place about 35 minutes into the flight . He says that it took about 45 seconds or a minute before the oxygen masks came down after the hole blew open . "  The crew was pretty calm about it . They walked around and checked on everyone , " he said . "  But it was n't like the movies where papers get sucked out of the hole , but you could feel it and hear the noise . " Hansen said that most of the passengers were complaining of a pain in their eardrums from a rapid descent . Southwest Airlines said only one injury was reported . "  There are no reported customer injuries , " according to a statement released by the airline . "  One of the flight attendants , however , received a minor injury upon descent . " Hansen said one male flight attendant appeared to fall and was bleeding from a facial injury . Yuma International Airport spokeswoman Gen Grosse said passengers were tended to and given refreshments because the temperature on the tarmac was close to 100 degrees . Hansen said passengers deplaned and boarded another Southwest Airlines plane for Sacramento . He said the airline offered passengers accommodations in Yuma , but did not know if any passengers chose to stay . The second flight landed in Sacramento on Friday night . In a written statement , Boeing spokeswoman Julie O'Donnell declined to comment on possible causes of the incident . "  Boeing is dedicated to the safety of its airplanes and the people who fly on them , " O'Donnell said . "  We are providing technical assistance to the U.S. National Transportation Safety Board as it investigates the incident . In accordance with international convention , we can not speculate on either the cause or whether this incident is similar to or different from anything in the past ; any questions about the investigation must be directed to the NTSB . " The NTSB said an investigative team was scheduled to arriveSaturday in Yuma . CNN 's John Branch , Rich Phillips , Deborah Doft and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Southwest Airlines announced that it is grounding 81 planes Passengers arrive in Sacramento , California , on a second plane A 3 - to 4-foot hole is discovered in a plane 's fuselage FAA : The captain made a rapid descent from 36,000 feet to 11,000 feet
CNN  -- Before the October 1 rollout of Healthcare.gov , a key concern was whether the Affordable Care Act system would create a "  death spiral " for insurers . That crisis could be precipitated by an unenthusiastic response from younger , healthier Americans . These are the people whose high premiums and low demand for services are necessary for the risk pools to assume the costs of covering pre-existing conditions at community-pricing rates , as well as buffering the premiums of older and needier Americans . Instead , the emerging "  death spiral " crisis is one of the credibility for the White House and the idea that big government-program interventions work better than the private sector those interventions seek to reform . The Department of Health and Human Services had 42 months and $ 400 million to create an operational Web portal that connects Americans who now are required by law to buy coverage from insurers , while connecting to the IRS to qualify people for federal subsidies in the exchanges . For the last several months , HHS and the White House assured everyone that the system development was on track for an October 1 launch . Democrats fought a pitched battle against Republicans over the last month to keep the GOP from forcing a delay of the rollout . Now , suddenly , the idea of a delay has moved from the ramblings of "  anarchists , " as Harry Reid described Obamacare opponents , to mainstream Democratic thought . Sen. Richard Blumenthal , a Democrat from deep-blue Connecticut , told a panel on MSNBC on Thursday that the mandate needs to be delayed , depending on "  how soon these glitches are going to be solved . " That will depend , Blumenthal said , on "  leveling with the American people . " That honesty has been in short supply . More than two weeks into the crisis , HHS Secretary Kathleen Sebelius told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta that President Barack Obama had no inkling of the failure until he read about it in the papers , which follows a pattern of denials at the White House . Sebelius also implied that the failure took her by surprise too , even though the ACA was her agency 's highest priority over the last 42 months , and the system failed a light-load test days before the launch . Sebelius must have also missed the August report from the HHS Inspector General pointing out major flaws in the system and its testing , even though Reuters managed to notice it . Even former White House press secretary Robert Gibbs called the notion that the White House did n't know about the Healthcare.gove problems "  unbelievable , " while National Journal 's Ron Fournier called it "  either a lie ... or an unfathomable lack of oversight . " It could also be both , which is the possibility that now has Democrats doing a 180 and suggesting or demanding delays in the rollout . Constituents fear dealing with IRS penalties for failure to buy insurance through a system they ca n't access and HHS ca n't fix , or even predict when it will be fixed . Even those who have managed to buy insurance through the site now have to wonder whether their insurers have their correct data . Meanwhile , Obama and Sebelius now want to reassure Americans that they have a grip on the problem ... by bringing in the private sector to fix what the government failed to execute . Rarely have we seen such a confluence of incompetence , irresponsibility , and prevarication all at the same time . The death spiral of White House credibility wo n't just damage Democrats in the short run , but it will damage the agenda of advocates of activist government for years . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Edward Morrisdey .	Edward Morrissey : Obamacare site launch has hurt administration 's credibility He says it spent $ 400 million to create working site , failed and is now obfuscating about it He says even Democrats skeptical officials did n't know site not ready to be unveiled Morrissey : Democrats credibility is damaged , idea of government-program interventions is , too
After months of questions and pressure from whistle-blowers , academic reform groups , the public and members of Congress , the NCAA has decided to reopen its investigation into The University of North Carolina over its so-called paper class scandal . UNC has been under scrutiny since 2011 , when it was revealed that it had hundreds of classes in the Afro-American studies program that required no attendance and just a single paper . The issue received national attention after CNN highlighted literacy problems at UNC . In one CNN report , whistle-blower Mary Willingham said the so-called "  paper classes " were well known by the athletic support staff as easy classes for athletes who needed to stay eligible , and that the papers were often plagiarized . Willingham 's job was to help athletes who were n't quite ready academically for the work required at UNC at Chapel Hill , one of the country 's top public universities . She said she learned about the fake classes through her work . Even though many athletes were enrolled in those paper classes , the NCAA had previously decided the scandal was not an athletic one , and did not sanction the university . That left a lot of unanswered questions and prompted Rep. Tony Cardenas , D-California , to write a letter to NCAA President Mark Emmert demanding answers . Willingham said she was not interviewed by the NCAA during its first investigation . On Monday , she said the NCAA had lost credibility by not investigating the issue . Now , she said , the NCAA should n't focus on punishment : "  Instead , they should focus on how to use the UNC example to reform the entire system . " Several athletes have also said publicly that they were forced to major in Afro-American studies by athletic staff . For years , and after several internal investigations , UNC said a single professor , Julius Nyang ` oro , knew about the fake classes . Until now , the NCAA stood behind the university on that claim . Then , earlier this year , after a flurry of national reporting , UNC commissioned yet another investigation , this time by former Homeland Security Secretary Ken Wainstein . Wainstein has received 1.5 million e-mails and documents , interviewed more than 30 employees , and acquired athlete transcripts going back to the 1980s in his investigation . While he is not giving updates , he did tell the UNC board at a meeting recently that his team has gotten "  extremely valuable " information from people who have reached out to help the investigation . Among those cooperating , he said , is Nyang ` oro . Nyang ` oro was indicted on a fraud charge in December , but Orange County District Attorney Jim Woodall said recently that he is considering dropping the charge because Nyang ` oro has been so cooperative . "  Even though it 's a noncriminal investigation , that is more important than this , " Woodall said , referring to Wainstein 's review . "  The money is paid back already , " Woodall said . "  This was more of an academic scandal than any kind of criminal issue . ... In the criminal probe what we 're left with is one low-level nonviolent felony for a person never in trouble before in his life . " UNC said it directed Wainstein to share what he finds with the NCAA , and both UNC and the NCAA said that it was the cooperation from "  additional people " that prompted the NCAA investigation to be re-opened . Cardenas ' office has received a response from the NCAA . A spokesman for his office said it is still going through the response .	UNC is accused of putting athletes in easy Afro-American studies classes The classes required no attendance , had one paper assigned NCAA originally did not classify the issue as an athletic one
It takes Sanduk Ruit about five minutes to change someone 's life . In that time , the Nepalese doctor can make a small incision in his patient 's eye , remove the cloudy cataract impairing her vision and replace it with an inexpensive artificial lens . "  Some of our younger surgeons even do it faster than that , " Ruit told CNN . For many patients , it 's the first time they 've seen in years , if not decades . In the past 30 years , Ruit has personally restored the sight of more than 100,000 people across Asia and Africa , and taught his rapid-fire technique to countless other eye surgeons in parts of the world as isolated as North Korea . His patients suffer from eye conditions that are mostly preventable . But because of poverty and limited access to public health services they have been unable to seek treatment . Their story is all too common in the developing world . An estimated 39 million people are blind worldwide , according to the World Health Organization . Of these , around 90 % live in low-income areas and 80 % suffer from conditions that can be prevented or cured . Reaching remote communities Driven by a belief that the world 's poorest people deserve safe , affordable and high-quality eye care just as much as anyone else , Ruit has made it his mission to eradicate avoidable blindness . In 1994 , he joined the late Australian ophthalmologist and philanthropist Fred Hollows , who was his mentor and close friend , in establishing Tilganga -- an eye hospital in Kathmandu dedicated to providing world-class eye care to the people of Nepal . The hospital manufactures state-of-the-art lenses that are commonly used in treating cataracts or myopia , and exports them to more than 30 countries worldwide . For those who can not reach urban areas , Ruit and his team conduct mobile eye camps in remote parts of Nepal and neighboring countries , often trekking for days and cleaning out structures like tents , classrooms or even animal stables for use as temporary operating theaters . When the eye patches come off the day after an operation , it 's an incredibly moving moment for all involved . Australian photographer Michael Amendolia has been capturing these intimate scenes -- the expressions of relief and tears of joy -- while traveling with Ruit and his colleagues since the early 1990s . To mark the 20th anniversary of Tilganga , Amendolia has released some of his most striking images of Ruit and his team at work in Nepal and other countries in the region , including Bhutan , China , Myanmar , North Korea and Indonesia . Infiltrating North Korea Amendolia , who described Ruit as "  a maverick in some ways , " accompanied the Nepalese surgeon on one of the first trips to North Korea in 2006 . The Communist state is notoriously closed off to Westerners . International aid workers frequently struggle to reach those most in need , in a country where two-thirds of the population experiences chronic food shortages , according to the United Nations . But Ruit , who believes in leaving politics to world leaders , had persuaded the North Korean authorities to allow his team to conduct the 2006 surgery and training session in the south-eastern city of Haeju after he had treated one of their diplomats stationed at the embassy in Kathmandu . "  It was very restrictive , " said Amendolia . "  We made the same path from the hotel in Haeju , the same way every day to the hospital , the same way exactly back and that 's all we saw of Haeju for the seven or so days that we were there . " Amendolia describes how the North Korean surgeons , who came from across the country , were so eager to learn that they huddled close to Ruit , leaning over the operating table to get a better look as he worked . "  I 've never seen an eye operation where  Ruit  had so many surgeons around him , " he said . In the room where the recovering patients were examined , portraits of then-leader Kim Jong Il and his predecessor Kim Il Sung hung from the wall . Transforming lives One of the most moving images in Amendolia 's collection is that of an 80-year-old North Korean man who sees his son for the first time in 10 years after being completely blind in both eyes . "  Of course , the man who 's had the operation is so relieved because he can see again , but the whole family suddenly have a family member who can participate again in everything that happens as home , " Amendolia said . Patients who are blind in both eyes require constant care , placing a burden on their families that can keep them trapped in a cycle of poverty . But this quick-healing surgery allows them to regain their independence . The same transformative moment is played out for long-neglected patients in the mountains of Nepal , the islands of Indonesia and rural China . Ruit grew up in a small village in the Himalayas so isolated that the nearest school was a week 's walk away . When he was 17 , his sister died of tuberculosis despite the disease being treatable . The loss left Ruit with a sense of urgency to pursue a path that benefited others , not only himself . It 's a decision he does n't regret . "  I am so grateful that I can make a difference in so many people 's lives , " Ruit said . At 59 , that same sense of urgency that motivated him as a young man remains . When asked what it feels like to watch as a patient sees the world clearly the first time , he responded : "  It really recharges you and makes you move forward . " But he cautioned that there remains so much he wants to do .	Nepalese doctor , Sanduk Ruit , has restored the vision of 100,000 people over 30 years Ruit has provided treatment to those living in remote areas in North Korea , China , and Nepal World Health Organization estimates 39 million people are blind worldwide
TOKYO , Japan  CNN  -- Anti-whaling activists are accusing a Japanese boat of destroying their vessel Wednesday by ramming into it during a skirmish in the Southern Ocean . But Japanese authorities deny their boat intentionally rammed the activists ' catamaran and said instead the incident happened accidentally when the activists were harassing their whaling fleet . Sea Shepherd Conservation Society says its boat was ripped apart by the Japanese vessel during the incident . "  In an unprovoked attack captured on film , the Japanese security ship Shonan Maru No. 2 deliberately rammed and caused catastrophic damage to the Sea Shepherd catamaran Ady Gil , " said a statement from Sea Shepherd . The statement said six crew crew members , five from New Zealand and one from the Netherlands , were rescued by the crew of the Sea Shepherd ship Bob Barker . None of the Ady Gil crew were injured , the statement said . The statement quoted the captain of the Bob Barker as saying the Shonan Maru No. 2 deliberately rammed the Ady Gil , ripping off eight feet of the bow of the vessel . "  The Japanese whalers have now escalated this conflict very violently , " said Captain Paul Watson . "  If they think that our remaining two ships will retreat from the Southern Ocean Whale Sanctuary in the face of their extremism , they will be mistaken . We now have a real whale war on our hands now , and we have no intention of retreating . " A Japanese Fisheries Agency statement blamed the conservation group for the incident . "  This is a continuation of the harassment of the Japanese research whaling program by Sea Shepherd and is extremely dangerous to threaten vessels and its crew . This is absolutely unforgivable , " the statement said . The incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and Japanese whaling fleets . The Southern Ocean is a term used to describe parts of the Indian , Pacific and Atlantic oceans that surround Antarctica . CNN 's Yoko Wakatsuki and Kyung Lah contributed to this report .	The incident continues an ongoing feud between conservation agencies and Japanese whaling fleets Activist statement says Japanese vessel deliberately rammed the Ady Gil Japanese Fisheries Agency blames the conservation group for the incident
CNN  -- Some U.S. commanders in Afghanistan have ordered heightened security in the wake of recent events , a senior defense official told CNN Monday . Some of the precautions were put in place in the wake of the violence that followed the burning of copies of the Quran by U.S. troops last month , the official said . Sunday 's fatal shooting of 16 Afghan civilians allegedly by American soldier have added to concerns . Shooting could impact military mission The precautions could include , for example , adding a second U.S. soldier to watch towers , where before there was one American and one Afghan on watch , the defense official said . American and Afghan forces live together on many of the smaller bases and outposts , and on some of these the United States has instituted a 24-hour guard of their barracks . The official would not confirm the specific procedures in place at each forward operating base , but said , "  Those changes are all within the right of any commander to institute . I wo n't deny that several may have felt it was necessary to do so . " The official said battalion and even company commanders at combat outposts are "  given the discretion and authority to weigh their individual security concerns and take appropriate action . " He said the security changes "  are not coming from the top , " meaning they are not directed by NATO 's International Security Assistance Force or the Pentagon . The top commander of U.S. and NATO forces , Gen. John Allen , said the troops should continue in their mission , according to another military official , Capt. John Kirby . While force protection is "  always a priority , " there has not been an increase in protection forces overall , Kirby said . Allen "  gave direction to his commanders on Saturday right after hearing about  the shooting  incident to continue to engage , to keep getting out there , to keep partnering with the Afghan forces , " Kirby said in an interview with CNN on Monday . "  It 's absolutely vital that we try to move past this . The only way to move past this is to continue to engage and to operate with the Afghan partners . "	Some precautions were put in place after the Quran-burning incident Battalion and company commanders have the discretion to take such action , an official says Gen. John Allen says the troops should continue to engage and partner with Afghans
CNN  -- Formula One team Toro Rosso have announced that teenage driver Jaime Alguersuari will be given another chance to impress with a contract for the 2010 season . The 19-year-old Spaniard will line up alongside Sebastian Buemi , 21 , as the Red Bull-owned outfit retain the two men who ended last season in their colors . Alguersuari replaced Frenchman Sebastien Bourdais at the Hungarian Grand Prix in July , becoming the youngest F1 driver in championship history , but finished only three of his eight races at the wheel . "  Considering that he made his debut only halfway through 2009 with no prior testing , he did a good job , making steady progress throughout the second half of the year , with a mature approach considering he is still only 19 years old , " team principal Franz Tost told the Toro Rosso Web site . "  This season , he will again face a steep learning curve , as all the circuits in the first part of the season will be new to him . Jaime 's appointment also confirms our commitment to bringing on graduates of the Red Bull Junior Team young driver program . " Buemi was only the seventh teenager to ever start an F1 race , finishing one place ahead of Buemi in Hungary in 15th . His best result was 14th at the Brazilian Grand Prix . Toro Rosso serve as a feeder team to Red Bull , which placed second in the manufacturers ' standings behind Brawn last season with Sebastien Vettel second in the drivers ' championship and Mark Webber fourth .	Formula One team Toro Rosso give teenage driver Jaime Alguersuari a contract for 2010 The 19-year-old will line up alongside Sebastian Buemi for Red Bull 's feeder team He became F1 's youngest driver when he replaced Sebastien Bourdais in Hungary Spaniard finished only three of his eight races at the wheel in 2009
CNN  One icy Sunday afternoon in January , 17-year-old Molly Bair 's father drove her to the local indoor tennis courts in suburban Philadelphia to hit a few balls with a high school friend . That night , she would be on a train to New York for a photo shoot ; and a week later , on a plane to Paris for the haute couture catwalks . The unlikely itinerary sums up Bair 's budding fashion career : a whirlwind trip from the mundane life of an American teenager to the rarefied heights of international style and back again -- accompanied by no small amount of adolescent bewilderment . "  I would never think that a girl who spent most of her childhood with a unibrow , glasses and a Yoda shirt would be in Vogue Italia , " Bair told CNN from her parent 's home , where she still resides when she 's not working . At 6 feet 1 inch tall , Bair is hard to miss with her gangly stature alone . Add the high cheekbones , intense eyes , symmetrical face and prominent ears , and it 's a design for constant queries about her lineage from passersby . "  People are always asking me , ` Where are you from ? ' And I 'm like , ` America ... I 'm American , ' " Bair said . But she said the features that earned her teasing nicknames like "  praying mantis " and "  alien " growing up have set her apart with a coveted allure in the fashion industry . "  I 'm kind of , I guess , embracing that alien , rat , demon , goblin , gremlin sort of vibe and going with it , " she said . Bair said before she started in fashion , people would often approach her at the mall to ask whether she was a model , but she never gave it serious thought , especially as she struggled with her looks as other girls matured . "  I still kind of resemble a 13-year-old boy , " she joked . She equated modeling with commercial beauties like Victoria 's Secret models with their long locks and tan , svelte forms . But on the editorial side of the spectrum , it 's often the quirk that works -- and it has helped her forge an unusual bond with fellow models . "  I think it 's because we 're kind of a community of people who have always been the strange , tall , skinny people , " Bair said . "  It 's crazy how I 've instantly found so many people who are so similar to me . It 's really weird . I 've never been able to make friends so quickly . " Bair was only discovered last July in a New York City flea market by an agent from The Society Management , who said they represented top talents like Victoria 's Secret angel Adriana Lima and runway mainstay Lindsey Wixson . "  I had no idea who those people were . I thought it was a scam , " Bair said . Still , she took the agent 's email address and allowed her to take some quick head shots before laughing it off with friends . After realizing that the agency was not only legitimate but one of the top agencies in the country through a quick online search , she and her mother traveled back up to New York a week later -- and "  everything started to happen . " In less than a year , she 's walked for major-league designers like Chanel , Alexander Wang , Proenza Schouler , Prada and Giambattista Valli , as well as appeared in Vogue Italia , W Magazine and a campaign for American brand Coach . But there 's still a learning curve , especially for someone who three months ago was filling out college applications and thinking about majoring in computer science or a career in environmental lobbying . "  I wore heels one time before fashion . And it was at my eighth grade graduation , and they were platforms ... and I actually fell down the stairs . So I 've always had a kind of very unhealthy relationship with heels , " Bair said . But beyond the superficial , Bair said the career has given her a new look on acceptance , an odd take to hear in an industry that 's often criticized for its unrealistic beauty standards . "  I think being a model and being in fashion has really opened up my eyes to beauty in general . I think that beauty really comes from uniqueness . "	Molly Bair is a model to watch during New York Fashion Week She was only discovered in July 2014 , and already has an impressive portfolio Bair says her look has been called "  alien " but it works for her
Philadelphia  CNN  -- Philadelphia 's Catholic archbishop announced Friday that five priests will not be reinstated following a church investigation into accusations of child sex abuse , though the men have a right to an appeal . The church also determined that three suspended clergymen are now considered "  suitable for ministry , " while the findings of its investigation into 17 others would not be announced until a later date , Archbishop Charles Chaput told reporters . Dozens of priests were placed on administrative leave after the release of a 2011 grand jury report that blamed the Archdiocese of Philadelphia for failing to prevent the sexual abuse of children . "  I 've been in Philadelphia for less than a year , and I 've tried as quickly as possible to understand all of the many issues facing our local church , " Chaput said Friday . "  During that time , dealing with sexual abuse and protecting children has been , and will remain , a top priority for me and for this archdiocese . " He said that of those remaining 17 church investigations , six have not yet been cleared by law enforcement , which prevents a church probe from being initiated . Two others have only recently been cleared , while the findings of the remaining nine clergy members will soon be announced . Attorney Dan Monahan , who is representing one of the alleged victims , told CNN that the archdiocese said a clergyman accused of sexually abusing his client will not be reinstated . The accused clergyman -- whom CNN is not currently naming -- was among those suspended after the grand jury report . That report led to the Philadelphia district attorney 's office charging four priests and a parochial school teacher with raping and assaulting boys in their care . Monsignor William Lynn , once a longtime supervisor of Philadelphia priests , is suspected of allowing the abusive priests to have access to children . From 1992 until 2004 , Lynn was responsible for investigating reports that priests had sexually abused children . He has pleaded not guilty , and he has said through his attorneys that he reported those allegations of sex abuse . The landmark case is unusual because the charges go beyond accusations against priests and include a church higher-up charged with covering up the abuse -- a move analysts say is unprecedented in the United States . With nearly 1.5 million members , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia is one of the largest in the nation . Priests , particularly those in high-ranking positions , have an exceptional amount of power within the Catholic Church , especially in Philadelphia because of the church 's deep roots in the community .	NEW : The five men have a right to an appeal , Philadelphia 's Catholic archbishop says NEW : The investigation found 3 suspended clergymen are now considered "  suitable for ministry " NEW : Results of the findings about 17 others will be announced later
CNN  -- A house fire on the Fourth of July in Pennsylvania has claimed a 7th victim . A 2-year-old , Cordail Kuhns , was pronounced dead at 4 p.m. on Saturday , according to a spokesman for Crozer-Chester Medical Center in Chester , Pennsylvania . Spokesman Grant Gegwich was unable to release details on the cause of death . On Thursday morning , David Kuhns and his sons Shawn , 6 , and Skylar , 8 , died along with James Moore , who owned the three-story home where 14 people lived , said Capt. Fred Lenhart of the Lancaster City Fire Department . David Kuhns ' wife , Crystal Kuhns , and their daughter , Mickey , died later while being treated at the burn unit at the medical center outside Philadelphia , according to Gegwich . Investigators are ruling the 3 a.m. fire as accidental and say it was caused by a pan of grease left on top of a stove with the burner on high , said fire Capt.Ken Barton . Four people who were trapped on the third floor of the home escaped through a window onto a rooftop and into a neighbor 's house , officials said on Friday . One of those who did escape was the pregnant daughter of the deceased owner . Martha Moore , 27 , nearly eight months pregnant , escaped and within four hours of the fire delivered a girl by emergency cesarean section . "  It 's expected to be a bittersweet day . Her father dies and her baby is born , " said Barton . Moore and David Kuhns died in the house while the two young boys died shortly after at the hospital . Two families lived in the home , located at 115 East Clay Street in Lancaster , Lenhart said . Investigators found three smoke detectors in the building but none was working , said Barton . Leigh Remizowski contributed to this report .	Death of 2-year-old brings toll to 7 in Fourth of July fire Six members of one family died , as well as the owner of the house Investigators rule the fire accidental , blame grease left on stove Fourteen people lived in the three-story home , fire official says
CNN  -- In 1965 , a 40-year-old William F. Buckley , Jr. ran for mayor of New York City -- a race he arguably never intended to win . In fact , when asked what he 'd do if he won he replied , "  Demand a recount . " But 10 years after founding the National Review and one year after establishing Barry Goldwater as the conservative nominee for president , Buckley saw that the often-times colorful mayoral election was a useful vehicle for him to elevate his brand and promote conservatism on a national platform . Though he won only 13.4 % of the vote , he still managed to accomplish his objective . And , many credit him with helping Rep. John V. Lindsay become the first Republican mayor of New York since Fiorello H. LaGuardia . Some suggested early on that Anthony Weiner 's bid for mayor was similarly designed -- not to actually win , but toward other ends . Elspeth Reeve in The Atlantic earlier this year suggested this was all an inoculation attempt . Not for Weiner , but for his wife Huma Abedin , who either had designs on her own political career or at least on helping to implement her boss Hillary Clinton 's 2016 run . "  If Abedin , and not Weiner , were the first one to hit the campaign trail after his resignation , " she wrote , "  she would have been the one who was tarnished by his sexts . Or , imagine Clinton trying to focus on eating fried things at the Iowa state fair in 2015 , while reporters ask her about new photos on Breitbart.com of her aide 's infamous husband . " It 's an intriguing idea , but very few could argue that Abedin emerged out of her husband 's campaign untarnished . It was n't just hosting awkward "  Women for Weiner " events that call into question everything we think we know about feminism . Or advancing arguably false narratives in glossy magazines that her husband 's exploits were dealt with and over , when it was clear Weiner continued his online activities well after resigning from Congress . Putting his indiscretions aside , it 's hard to reconcile such a smart and successful woman finding admiration in a man who ran such a terrible , pugnacious , ineffective and utterly ridiculous campaign . The man who yelled at his own constituents , called his 69-year-old opponent "  grandpa " at an AARP event , and poetically flipped off reporters on his final ride out of town is her political and personal inspiration ? If helping Huma was the plan all along , I think it 's safe to say it has not worked . Others have suggested he might just want his own television show . Fair enough . Plenty of disgraced former politicians have found a forgiving sanctuary on cable television . And he certainly would make for a fascinating , er , something ... on TV . But he did n't need to mount an embarrassing and ultimately ruinous mayoral campaign to get there . One turn of the dial and it 's clear that there are countless sociopaths , buffoons , hucksters and charlatans with real political platforms who were never on a ballot . Other than "  Dancing with the Stars " or "  Celebrity Rehab , " I doubt Weiner solidified his chances of a major television gig with this last performance . Others still believe Weiner was merely out for revenge . Revenge against the Breitbarts and Drudges and even establishment Democrats who ruined his life , a final "  take that " to punctuate the scandal . And he did n't need to win to do it . A respectable finish in the primary would have telegraphed that he was run out by gotcha journalists , partisan extremists and spineless bureaucrats , and his real friends -- the voters -- still believed in him . I 'm not sure he can make that case , though , after finishing virtually dead last and capturing a paltry 5 % of the ultra-liberal Democrats who actually turned out for this thing . Ultimately , unlike Buckley and conservatism , Weiner did nothing good for liberalism . He wanted a campaign of ideas , but instead waged a campaign of idiotic outbursts . He brought nothing but more embarrassment and shame for his wife and her famous boss . And he did nothing to make "  Anthony Weiner the Brand " any more credible . In fact the only constituency he managed to please were New York Post headline writers . Maybe he really did want to win . And maybe he really thought he could . Where there 's power to be had , pathological miscalculations of this sort are n't uncommon . But if he cares about his party , his wife , her career , his brand , and his own future , he will make the courageous decision to go away from politics for a very long time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of S.E. Cupp .	S.E. Cupp : Some speculated that winning was n't Anthony Weiner 's goal He could have wanted to help his wife 's career or raise his visibility for future roles , she says Cupp : Whatever the goal , Weiner 's campaign was an embarrassment He said he wanted a campaign of ideas ; we got a campaign of idiotic outbursts
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- From a quiet swath of English countryside , some one and a half hours outside of London , researchers are receiving radio messages from the farthest reaches of the universe . To do it , they 're relying on one of astronomy 's newest and largest gadgets -- the Low Frequency Radio Array radio telescope . The new , clever Dutch and EU-wide installation uses 15,000 low-tech receivers , supercomputer data processing and high-speed internet to form a mega-telescope capable of absorbing cosmic radio waves from the full sky at higher resolutions than ever before . When the British section of the telescope opened late last year , Motherboard attended the ribbon-cutting ceremony and met some of the scientists involved . For centuries , astronomy centered around what could be observed with our most wonderful and yet meager visual tool -- the eye . But in the last 50 years , the ability to receive radio waves , infrared and ultraviolet radiation , and X - and gamma rays -- all of them at different wavelengths than visible light -- has provided new and completely unexpected information about the nature and history of the universe . The resulting data and images from radio astronomy  despite the "  radio " part , you ca n't listen to these radio signals  have yielded a cosmic zoo of strange and exotic objects , including radio galaxies , quasars , pulsars , masers , and cosmic microwave background radiation , which has provided compelling evidence for the Big Bang . But we have yet to deeply explore the low radio frequencies , the lowest energy extreme of the spectrum accessible from Earth . The wider the distance between the antennae , the higher the resolution of the "  picture " that a radio telescope can make . Hence the large footprint of most radio telescope projects , from the Giant Meter-wavelength Radio Telescope in India to the Very Large Array in New Mexico . LOFAR is capable of producing even more accurate "  images " than its predecessors . With more resolution than any other telescope , the 1500 km-wide LOFAR array is opening this frontier to a broad range of astrophysical studies , including transient sources , ultra high energy cosmic rays , cosmic magnetism , and the wonderfully-named Epoch of Reionization , when the first stars and black holes made the universe hot . This research will only accelerate over the next decades , as scientists build LOFAR 's successor , the Square Kilometre Array  SKA  . Watch the rest of "  The Biggest Telescope on Earth " at Motherboard.tv In the first research to emerge from LOFAR , to be published this month , scientists say that the telescope will lead to a tenfold leap in new discoveries of pulsars -- the peculiar stars whose highly-regular spin can be used as a kind of clock , and effectively , as a test of Einstein 's theory of general relativity . By observing pulsars as they beam toward Earth from different directions , astronomers are able to detect minute differences as the signals arrive , caused by the gravity waves that Einstein predicted would distort space-time in different directions . If gravity waves are real , one of these "  clocks " would seem to be running slowly . Also announced this week by an international team of astronomers -- LOFAR has made the deepest wide-field images of the sky in the relatively unexplored part of the radio spectrum around 150 MHz . To process data from across the network , the Chilbolton telescope and the supercomputer in the Netherlands require an internet speed of 10 gigabits per second -- more than 1000 times faster than your typical home broadband speed . That 's just the kind of bandwidth you need when you 're downloading the far reaches of the cosmos .	Low Frequency Radio Array telescope , or LOFAR , is the largest telescope on Earth LOFAR allows researchers to receive radio messages from the farthest reaches of the universe Telescope 's superior resolution opens up broader range of astrophysical study
Washington  CNN  -- On Sunday we commemorate the courage and sacrifice of 600 men and women who dared 45 years ago to take the first steps in a 54-mile march from Selma , Alabama , to the state capital , Montgomery , for the right to vote . That day , Sunday , March 7 , 1965 , would come to be known as "  Bloody Sunday . " As these unarmed civil rights patriots attempted to cross the Edmund Pettus Bridge in Selma , where fewer than one percent of eligible black voters were allowed to register , they were gassed and beaten with billy clubs by state and local police , some on horseback , ordered to break up the demonstration . Captured by television cameras and broadcast nationwide , the suffering of these nonviolent activists , 50 of whom required hospitalization , awoke the nation 's consciousness to the importance of voting rights and the entire civil rights movement . Within 10 days , President Johnson would send a bill to Congress , the National Voting Rights Act of 1965 , that would outlaw the discriminatory Jim Crow-era practices that had long worked to disenfranchise African-Americans and other minorities across the United States . Forty-five years later , the right for which marchers in Alabama bled remains out of reach for many Americans . In many states , minority voters encounter obstacles at every step of the voting process , from registration to casting a ballot . Last month , voting rights advocates filed suit against Virginia state election officials , following the advocates ' investigation of rejected voter registration applications in 2008 from students at historically African-American Norfolk State University and the state officials ' subsequent refusal to make certain voter registration records publicly available . While Virginia was rejecting minority voter registrations in 2008 , Colorado was purging voters from its registration rolls . Earlier this year , Colorado settled a lawsuit brought by Mi Familia Vota and other voting rights advocates . As a result of the Colorado suit , usage of lists of purged voters was stayed and the approximately 31,000 voters illegally removed from the registration lists were permitted to cast provisional ballots in the 2008 presidential election . Forty-five years after Bloody Sunday , another march is under way , but it aims to turn back the clock on voting rights . Last month , the South Carolina state Senate passed legislation to require voters to show a photo ID before casting a ballot -- a measure that disproportionately excludes low-income , minority , elderly , and student voters , all of whom are less likely than majority voters to have ready access to a government-issued photo ID . Meanwhile , Georgia 's secretary of state has vowed to bring a federal court challenge after the U.S. Department of Justice rejected the state 's proposed voter "  verification " program to identify registrants who may not be citizens . The DOJ analysis of the program condemned it as highly inaccurate in identifying noncitizens and concluded that it would have a discriminatory effect on minority voters . Moreover , on Thursday officials in Indiana continued their fight to salvage that state 's photo ID law in arguments to the state 's Supreme Court , after an appellate court held that the law violates equal protection under the state Constitution . Proponents of photo ID and citizenship verification laws claim these measures are needed to protect against voter fraud . The problem with that argument is that they can not point to any reliable evidence that fraud is a problem . All credible research and expert analysis demonstrates that voter fraud is , at best , extremely rare . And in-person voter fraud -- someone registering to vote as Mickey Mouse and then showing up at the polls claiming to be Mr. Mouse -- simply does not exist . These laws are solutions searching for a problem , with what some may describe as the unintended consequence of disenfranchising the most vulnerable voters . In some cases , however , disenfranchising voters is precisely the intended consequence . For example , the Republican National Committee just appealed a federal court 's order to keep in place a 28-year-old consent agreement that prohibited the RNC from engaging in "  security programs " that have had a disproportionate impact on minorities at the ballot box . The RNC consented to the agreement in 1982 to settle a lawsuit alleging that its so-called security measures -- such as stationing armed off-duty law enforcement officers at minority voting locations and aggressively challenging the rights of eligible minority voters to cast a ballot -- were actually voter intimidation tactics . Unable to identify a single instance of in-person voter fraud , the RNC instead argued , in part , that because the president of the United States and the U.S. attorney general are African-American , it is more likely that the government will enforce laws that safeguard against disenfranchising minority voters . In an effort to show their intentions are good , RNC lawyers note that the committee 's chairman , Michael Steele , is African-American . The fact is , voting patterns continue to split along racial and party lines . Exit polls from the 2008 presidential election show that while 95 percent of African-Americans , 67 percent of Latinos , and 62 percent of Asian-Americans voted for Barack Obama nationally , only 43 percent of whites did . As the federal judge noted in this case , the RNC "  has been largely unsuccessful in its efforts to attract minority voters . " So long as these patterns endure , the RNC will continue to have what the judge termed an "  incentive " to engage in racially motivated voter suppression . There is no doubt that we have come a long way since Bloody Sunday . Sadly , however , there is also no doubt that the need to fight for voting rights continues . Instead of going back to a dark era of our history by putting needless obstacles in front of minority voters , Congress and the states should press ahead to break down the remaining barriers that block eligible voters from exercising their constitutional rights . We should start by modernizing the voter registration system by making it more automated and keeping eligible voters on the rolls permanently . We should take voting out of the artificial confines created by a limited and literal "  Election Day " by providing for universal early voting . To live up to our constitutional mandate to continue to form a more perfect union -- and to truly honor the brave men and women who marched and were beaten and bloodied , and especially those who were murdered defending their right to vote -- we have the duty to ensure that every eligible voter has an equal and meaningful opportunity to cast a ballot and have it counted . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Donna Brazile .	On March 7 , 1965 , civil rights marchers were beaten by police in Selma , Alabama The protests helped lead to passage of the Voting Rights Act Donna Brazile says minority voters still face obstacles to casting their ballots Brazile : Voter registration should be modernized ; early voting should be available to all
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- Paul Ryan 's four years at Miami University , a bucolic campus nestled in the small town of Oxford , Ohio , helped to shape the Wisconsin congressman 's political and ideological views . An economics professor named Richard Hart guided Ryan through the classics of conservative economic theory , and Ryan soon came to revere thinkers such as Ludwig von Mises , Ayn Rand , Friedrich Hayek and Milton Friedman . But Ryan , who graduated in 1992 , did n't spend all his time in the classroom . Ryan was also a Delt -- a member of Delta Tau Delta , one of many fraternities on a campus where Greek life reigns . He also had a fondness for turtlenecks apparently . That 's according to several group photos of the fraternity that appeared in the 1989 , 1990 and 1992 editions of Recensio , Miami 's yearbook . The pictures were passed along by a Democratic researcher sent to Miami 's campus after Mitt Romney tapped Ryan as his running mate . Ryan is one of many Delta Tau Delta alumni who have entered politics , and the second vice presidential candidate to emerge from the fraternity nationally : Alben Barkley , a longtime senator from Kentucky , was vice president during Harry Truman 's second term . Other notable Delts from around the country include actor Will Ferrell , journalist Roger Mudd , former NFL star John Elway , former R.E.M. guitarist Peter Buck and Kentucky Gov. Steve Beshear . Delta Tau Delta brothers on campus at Miami reacted with excitement at the news of Ryan 's selection as Romney 's No. 2 . "  Pretty damn cool to say that a VP candidate was raging in the same fraternity house as me 20 years ago , " tweeted one Miami undergrad Saturday when Romney announced his pick .	Miami University in Ohio helped to shape Rep. Paul Ryan 's political and ideological views But Ryan did n't spend all his time in the classroom studying Ayn Rand and others Congressman was a Delt , a member of the Delta Tau Delta fraternity Yearbook photos show Ryan also had a fondness for turtlenecks
CNN  -- The only bears known to inhabit New York 's Central Park are at its zoo -- so how did a dead bear cub end up under a bush ? Neither police nor park officials had an answer for that late Monday , hours after a morning dog walker discovered the carcass of a 3-foot-tall bear cub . The person alerted a Central Park Conservancy worker who then called the police , according to Central Park Conservancy spokeswoman Elizabeth Kaledin . She added that the bear was not from the park 's zoo , but "  any time wildlife is hurt or injured we are upset and deeply alarmed . " The cub was found under a bush near West 69th Street and West Drive in the park , and appeared to show signs of trauma with an injury to its side and possible lacerations , police said . It was not immediately clear whether the bear wandered into the park or if its body was dumped there , an NYPD spokeswoman said . The incident is being investigated by the NYPD 's animal cruelty squad , the spokeswoman added . The carcass was taken to the New York State Department of Environmental Conservation in Albany for a necropsy , according to police .	Bear cub not from Central Park Zoo Cub 's body showed signs of trauma NYPD is investigating as possible animal cruelty
CNN  -- Florida appears set to recognize same-sex marriages on January 6 , after the U.S. Supreme Court on Friday declined to further delay a lower court 's finding that the state 's ban on the unions is unconstitutional . The high court Friday night , without explanation , rejected the Florida attorney general 's request to intervene . A U.S. District judge in Florida had ruled in August the state 's ban was unconstitutional but stayed the ruling to allow for appeals . The case has n't been completely settled . Neither the 11th Circuit U.S. Court of Appeals nor the Supreme Court have ruled on the merits , and Florida Attorney General Pam Bondi , who has defended the ban , has expressed "  confusion " over whether all 67 counties will issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples before appeals are settled . But the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida said it expects the state to fully recognize same-sex marriages when U.S. District Judge Robert Hinkle 's stay expires at the end of January 5 . "  This is a thrilling day for all Florida families . As we explained to the court , every day that the ban remains in place , couples are suffering real harms , " ACLU of Florida attorney Daniel Tilley said . "  We are grateful that the court recognized that , and that as a result , those days are finally coming to an end . " Florida would become the 36th state to recognize same-sex marriage , in addition to the District of Columbia . In August , Hinkle ruled the Florida ban -- first put into law in 1977 and written into the state 's constitution after a 2008 referendum -- violates the "  due process " and "  equal protection " provisions in the U.S. Constitution 's 14th Amendment . His ruling applied to whether same-sex couples can marry in Florida as well as to whether such marriages elsewhere should be recognized in the Sunshine State . As part of the ruling , Hinkle ordered that Washington County , Florida , must issue a marriage license to two plaintiffs -- a same-sex couple -- who sued the state . He then stayed his own ruling , saying some time needed to pass to allow higher courts to reverse his decision . Bondi filed an appeal with the 11th Circuit . That court has yet to hear , or schedule a hearing on , arguments on the merits . Both Hinkle and the 11th Circuit declined this fall to extend the stay . On Monday , Bondi asked the high court to extend the delay until the state exhausted its appeals . "  The public is not served by on-again , off-again marriage laws , " her office argued in this week 's application . After the Supreme Court declined to intervene , Bondi issued a statement acknowledging January 5 as the stay 's final day . But , earlier this week , she said that there would be "  confusion about the effect of  Hinkle 's ruling  , which is directed to only one of Florida 's 67 clerks of court . " Bondi 's statement did n't directly address her earlier county concerns . A Bondi spokeswoman did not immediately respond to CNN 's request for comment Saturday on whether all 67 counties must issue marriage licenses to same-sex couples once Hinkle 's stay expires . Tilley , the ACLU of Florida attorney , indicated that he expects they will . "  We expect public officials in all of Florida 's 67 counties to understand the significance of this development and look forward to full implementation of Judge Hinkle 's decision across our state , " Tilley said . U.S. district and circuit courts overturned many states ' same-sex marriage bans after the Supreme Court rejected parts of the federal Defense of Marriage Act in 2013 . One federal appeals court -- the Sixth Circuit -- upheld bans in Ohio , Michigan , Tennessee and Kentucky in November , a move that could force the Supreme Court to take up the issue . CNN 's Joe Sutton and Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Supreme Court declines to further delay judge 's ruling that state 's ban is unconstitutional "  This is a thrilling day for all Florida families , " ACLU of Florida attorney says Ban to be lifted January 5 , but appeals court could rule later Official expresses "  confusion " over whether all counties will issue licenses
CNN  -- Sin Hwa Dee began operations in the 1970s as a cottage industry in the former soya sauce-producing enclave of Kim Chuan Road , in the Paya Lebar area of Singapore . Mr. and Mrs. Chng Kee started out producing soya and oyster sauces , bean paste and plum paste in the 1970s . It was founded by the late Mr. Chng Kee , a former soya salesman , who ran the business with his wife , a soya production operator . Together they sold mainly soya and oyster sauces , bean paste and plum paste in bulk under the Sin Hwa Dee label to the restaurant , hotel and catering industries . In 1990 , the company began producing the preserved fruits and vegetables used to make the traditional Lunar New Year dish of Yu Sheng . One of Sin Hwa Dee 's factories is dedicated exclusively to the production of Yu Sheng products , while another factory produces noodles for the restaurant and catering industries . Mr. Chng 's daughter Jocelyn first decided to introduce the company 's products to the foreign market when she attended the SIAL exhibition in Paris in 1992 , noting that there was a clear interest in Asian food . Sin Hwa Dee 's first premix , the Laksa Paste , was launched into the food services market under the CHNG Kee 's label in 1994 , followed by the Kung Bo Sauce , the Black Pepper Sauce and their famous chicken rice mix . In 1996 , the company invested heavily in equipment and technology to produce sauces and premixes in bottles for the retail market under the CHNG Kee 's label . In 2005 , Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building , CHNG Kee 's Foodlink , located in Senoko South Road , north of Singapore , with a production team of over 75 employees producing more than 20 tons of sauces per day . Today , their clientele includes Singapore Airlines , Pizza Hut , KFC , Burger King , hotels such as the Ritz Carlton , Conrad International Centenniel , Raffles Hotel , Hilton Hotel , Marriott Hotel , and restaurants such as Lei Garden and Crystal Jade .	Sin Hwa Dee founded by former soya salesman and soya production operator One of Sin Hwa Dee 's factories dedicated exclusively to Yu Sheng products In 2005 , Sin Hwa Dee moved into their own building , CHNG Kee 's Foodlink
CNN  -- When the time rolls around for Kelly Bleyer 's annual mammogram , she hears two voices in her head : her gynecologist , who says she absolutely must have a mammogram every single year , and her father-in-law , who urges her to get a mammogram every other year instead . While most women would listen to their gynecologist , Kelly 's father-in-law is n't just anyone : He 's the co-author of a new mammography study in the New England Journal of Medicine , and he says he believes passionately that mammograms might be making women sick -- maybe even killing them . "  I really do n't know what to do , " says Bleyer , 50 , an anchor and health reporter at KBND radio in Bend , Oregon . "  I feel so conflicted . " ` Mammography is not perfect ' Dr. Archie Bleyer knows his advice to his daughter-in-law is controversial , even heretical in a society where pink ribbons on everything from billboards to yogurt containers remind women to get their annual mammograms . Here 's his reasoning : His study suggests that nearly one out of every three women diagnosed with breast cancer has a tumor that is so tiny and growing so slowly it would never cause any problems even if it were n't treated . The problem is doctors ca n't tell in advance whether a tumor will be harmless or deadly , so they have to treat them all , and some of those treatments , such as chemothreapy , can increase a woman 's risk for leukemia and other diseases . "  We 're mortals , and we 're still trying to figure this out , " says Bleyer , clinical research professor at the department of radiation medicine at the Knight Cancer Institute at Oregon Health and Science University . The new study also finds that mammograms are n't catching some truly dangerous tumors that later turn out to become advanced cancer . Mammograms are supposed to catch breast cancer early , but after 30 years of aggressive mammography , advanced breast cancer rates have n't gone down at all , according to Bleyer 's study . Breast cancer prevention : What every woman should know "  This study brings to light what we 've already known for some time , which is that mammography is not perfect , " says Chandini Portteus , vice president of research , evaluation and scientific programs at Susan G. Komen for the Cure . Study : More than 1 million women ` overdiagnosed ' Bleyer 's study , written with Dr. Gilbert Welch at the Dartmouth Institute for Health Policy and Clinical Practice , examined national data on mammograms from 1976 to 2008 . They found that during this time , twice as many cases of early-stage breast cancer were caught -- but they estimate that 31 % of those cancers were slow-growing and never would have made the woman sick . Breast cancer was "  overdiagnosed " in 1.3 million women over the past 30 years -- 70,000 women in 2008 alone , according to the study . "  That 's a lot of women , and that 's a problem , " Bleyer says . The study also found that as mammograms grew in popularity , the death rate from breast cancer went down 28 % in women over age 40 , but the study authors said that was largely due to better treatment , not mammograms . Tough choices in fight against breast cancer gene The study has already caused controversy . The American College of Radiology issued a statement saying the report was "  deeply flawed and misleading " -- a claim the study authors refute . Dr. Len Lichtenfeld , deputy chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society , said while "  overdiagnosis is a matter deserving of attention , " the study 's conclusions "  must be viewed with caution . " What 's a woman to do ? Given all this , should women have mammograms every year after age 40 , as currently recommended by most health organizations , or start having them every other year ? Kelly Bleyer said after much thought , she 's decided to follow the advice of her gynecologist and not her father-in-law . "  I 'll keep having a mammogram every year -- my insurance covers it , and I know how my doctor feels about it , " she says . "  But I 'm open to hearing more about what the science says . I think I could live with having it every other year . " Here are some tips for making your own decision about how often to have mammograms : 1 . Learn the mammogram guidelines Susan G. Komen for the Cure , the American Cancer Society and the American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists recommend women get mammograms every year starting at age 40 . The U.S. Preventive Services Task Force advises women to get mammograms every other year starting at 50 . 2 . Know your family history Screening recommendations are different for certain groups , such as women with a family history of breast cancer and women who 've tested positive for breast cancer genes . See the links above for recommendations . 3 . Find out about other screening tools besides mammograms Ultrasounds , MRIs , breast self-exams and exams performed by your doctor can all be used in addition to mammograms . See the links above . 4 . Keep in mind that mammograms miss many cancers Do n't have a false sense of security just because you 've had a mammogram . Mammograms miss about one in five breast cancers , according to the American Cancer Society . 5 . Realize mammograms catch some cancers that might not ever make you sick This study found that 31 % of newly diagnosed breast cancers never would have caused any harm ; other studies say it 's more like 10 % to 20 % . Whatever the real percentage is , when you go in for a mammogram , realize that it might pick up a harmless tumor , but you 're going to have to get treatment for it anyway since doctors ca n't yet discern a harmful from a harmless cancer . "  You should go into this with your eyes open , " says Dr. Otis Brawley , chief medical officer of the American Cancer Society and CNN cancer expert .	A new study suggests mammograms find some tumors that would n't be a problem But those tumors must be treated as doctors do n't know which ones are harmless Researchers say mammograms also fail to catch some dangerous tumors The American Cancer Society says the study must be "  viewed with caution "
CNN  -- The head of Dublin-based budget airline Ryanair says that airport operators are holding the aviation industry back -- and describes the average airport as an unnecessary "  international shopping center . " Michael O'Leary , CEO of the carrier he described as "  the McDonald 's " of air travel , told CNN airport operators were hampering the growth of low-cost flight by leveling unrealistic charges on airlines . He questioned the need for the current model of airport , saying changes in technology had rendered many of their operations obsolete . "  If you look at it , we do n't really need airports to do much any more , " he said . " -LSB- The -RSB- airport terminal serves very few purposes any more , except that it is an international shopping center , owned and run by rich airports . " Costs could be reduced by simplifying the existing model , he said . "  Check in on the website , arrive at the airport , get through security very quickly , and board your plane , " he said . "  People want to arrive , get on a plane and fly . They want to spend time at destinations , not waste it at airports . " O'Leary said airports could no longer justify many of the costs they passed on to carriers . "  In the old regulated environment , when you had the flag carriers charging high fares , the airports were n't very good at costs and passed it on to the airlines . Those days are over , " he said . "  Ryanair -LSB- flies -RSB- people all over Europe at fares that start at Â # 10 one way . And if you want those low airfares , we need low airport costs . " He said the problem was a lack of competition , which meant that many state-owned airports in Europe "  still think they have a God-given right to charge " high prices for airlines to use their facilities . "  We think the way forward is much lower airport fees and much more rapid traffic growth , much more tourism and job growth , " he said . Preferably , main centers could support a number of competing local airports , in the way London passengers had the option of Heathrow , Gatwick , Stansted and Luton . "  It is a better model , " he said . "  The competition between the airports keeps prices down , keeps services more efficient , and offers you ultimately more choice and lower prices . " He said the European aviation industry was undergoing a "  big change , " and splitting into two sectors . He predicted the "  three high-fare connecting carriers " -- British Airways , Lufthansa and Air France -- would triumph at the top end of the market , while Ryanair would dominate the low-cost carrier sector . "  I think you see most of the other flag carriers recognize that they ca n't compete with Ryanair , " he said . O'Leary said while Ryanair was affected by the current economic climate , and particularly by high oil prices , the airline tended to do well during economic downturns . "  What happens in a recession , and what happened in the last three downturns in Europe -LSB- is that -RSB- Ryanair has grown faster . Because people do not stop flying in Europe because of a recession , " he said . "  You see people get much more price sensitive , -LSB- going -RSB- to the lowest price operator , so if they are flying , they fly Ryanair . " "  McDonald 's does well in a recession . We are the McDonald 's , the Ikea , of the airline business . "	Michael O'Leary , CEO of Ryanair , blames airports for hampering the aviation industry He believes airport operators charge too much in the current environment of low-cost flight He says airports provide too many services , passing on the cost on to passengers Multiple airports serving major cities will encourage competition , he argues
New York  CNN  -- An asbestos scare at New York 's Madison Square Garden has forced the postponement of Tuesday night 's Knicks basketball game , according to a statement released by the team . "  We will be working with the city and independent experts , ATC Associates and GCI Environmental Advisory to evaluate and determine the most appropriate course of action , " the statement said . "  As the safety of our customers and employees are our top priority , we will not reopen the Garden until we are absolutely assured the arena is safe . " The scare was triggered sometime after Monday night 's Rangers hockey game when , during overnight maintenance , "  which included cleaning asbestos-related materials in the attic above the ceiling , some debris fell into the arena , " the statement said . The Knicks were scheduled to play the Orlando Magic . Ticket holders have been told to keep their tickets and check the team 's website for information about future events .	Debris fell in Madison Square Garden during cleaning The cleaning included "  asbestos-related materials "
CNN  The mother of Chinese tennis Li Na is expecting a baby . The two-time grand slam champion , who retired from tennis in 2014 , chose to start spreading the news about her pregnancy at the Australian Open in the Rod Laver Stadium . "  Me and Dennis , we are so excited , " the 32-year-old Li said , referring to her husband , in an on-court ceremony at the Melbourne tournament where she won her second grand slam in 2014 . "  I think Dennis is doing a good job , " she added , before quipping , "  He just made one ace . " Often the butt of Li 's sense of humor , her husband was in the stands as China 's pioneering tennis player revealed the impending arrival of the couple 's first child this summer . After retiring in September 2014 due to chronic knee problems , the tennis star has made having a family a priority , telling CNN 's Pat Cash in an interview on Sunday that "  family for me is the most important thing . " Li triumphed at both the French  2011  and the Australian Open  2014  to become the highest ranked Asian player the world has seen , peaking at number two in the world . . She later took to Facebook to talk more about her excitement at the prospect of becoming a mother . "  This summer , Dennis and I are expecting our first child . We are overjoyed ! " she wrote . "  I 've been feeling great and Dennis and I have been doing some traveling and enjoying this special time in our lives . We ca n't wait to become parents and start this new chapter together . " Referring to the Melbourne crowd , she added : "  It really feels like this baby is going to enter the world already having about 15,000 friends . " Not just 15,000 friends -- there 's also China 's 1.3 billion population after Li 's sporting success made her a household name in the country of her birth . It 's estimated that over 100 million Chinese watched the live TV coverage of her 2011 French Open win , reportedly the biggest TV audience for a single sports event in China . Back at the Australian Open all eyes were on Li after decision to announce her news at the Melbourne event . "  I look forward to spending a few more days in Australia and wish all of the players and the tournament the best of luck ! I ca n't wait to be back ! " she added on Facebook .	Li Na announces she is pregnant at the 2015 Australian Open The tennis star retired from tennis last year Baby is due later this year
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova only wanted to talk tennis after coming through a testing opening match at Wimbledon Monday against promising young French player Kristina Mladenovic . The Russian 's pre-tournament spat with Serena Williams dominated the buildup to the grass court grand slam , but she did not want to add further fuel to the flames . "  I 've said everything that I wanted to say about the issue . Wimbledon started . This is my work . This is my job . I 'd really appreciate it if we move on , " she told gathered reporters . "  Our job is to go out on the court and work and try to win matches and nothing else . That 's the most important thing to me in my life right now . " Third seed Sharapova had been forced to give all her attention to her Centre Court clash with Mladenovic , taken to a close first set tiebreak . Mladenovic , the 2009 Girls Champion at Wimbledon , continued to impress , but a single break for 2004 champion Sharapova saw her into the second round . She will play Michelle Larcher de Brit after the Portuguese beat Melanie Oudin of the United States . Second seed Victoria Azarenka , the winner of the Australian Open , beat another Portuguese player , Maria Joao Koehler , 6-1 , 6-2 . But the 23-year-old Belarusian suffered a worrying injury scare in the second set , collapsing to the grass in agony while serving as her right leg gave away . The match was delayed for over 10 minutes while she had it strapped , but she recovered to earn a clash with Italian Flavia Pennetta . But Pennetta 's compatriot and fifth seed Sara Errani exited with a 6-3 , 6-2 defeat to Puerto Rican teenager Monica Puig . 2011 champion Czech Petra Kvitova was extended by American Coco Vandeweghe , dropping the second set on the way to a far from routine 6-1 5-7 6-4 victory . Top seed and defending champion Williams gets her campaign underway Tuesday -- first match on Centre Court against Luxembourg 's Mandy Minella .	Maria Sharapova begins her Wimbledon campaign with straight sets win She beats Kristina Mladenovic of France 7-6 6-3 Pre-tournament buildup dominated by her spat with Serena Williams Azarenka and Kvitova but fifth seed Errani exits
BROOKLYN CENTER , Minnesota  CNN  -- Thousands of Liberians living in the United States face deportation March 31 when a federal immigration status created for humanitarian purposes expires . Corvah Akoiwala is worried about what will happen to his children , born in the U.S. , when he is sent to Liberia . In the 1990s , a bloody civil war raged through the West African nation , killing 250,000 people and displacing more than a million , according to a U.N. report . The United States extended "  temporary protection status " to all Liberians who could get to America , and 14,000 of them took advantage of that humanitarian offer . Temporary protection status is an immigration status somewhere between political asylum and refugee status . Administered by the Department of Homeland Security and the U.S. Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services , it is extended to nationals of countries facing civil unrest or natural disaster . For years , the temporary protection status for Liberians was extended as the situation there worsened under dictator Charles Taylor . But Taylor was ousted in 2003 and Ellen Johnson Sirleaf was elected Liberia 's first female president in 2006 . In 2007 , citing the progress in Liberia , President George W. Bush signed an order of "  delayed enforced departure " for Liberians who had been under temporary protection status , giving them 18 months to return to Liberia . Watch more on the uncertainty of Liberians living in U.S. " Corvah Akoiwala , a Liberian national who was fresh out of college when civil war broke out , remembers how it used to be there . "  They dragged us from our homes , they were shooting all around us . They said they were going to have us killed , " he said "  On Tupero Road they had a killing field . Like every day they took someone to this field and they would just shoot them in front of everybody . It was just terrible , " he said . He came to the United States in 1992 and settled in Rhode Island . A civil engineer by education , Akoiwala married and had three children , all of whom are American citizens . For the past 17 years he 's worked , paid his taxes and contributed to his community . He and his wife were granted temporary protection status but now both face deportation . On March 31 they will go from being legal residents to illegal aliens . "  My fear is , who am I going to leave my kids with ? " he said . "  Who am I going to leave them with ? I want to stay here and see them grow up to be responsible citizens and then I can go back . " The Bureau of Citizenship and Immigration Services said approximately 3,600 Liberian nationals are facing delayed enforced departure , but Liberian community leaders think the number may be twice that because , they said , many Liberians went underground and did not reregister with immigration services , knowing the delayed enforced departure status meant leaving the country . Brooklyn Center , Minnesota , about an hour north of Minneapolis , has a thriving Liberian community . Many now worry about losing their jobs , homes and businesses . Seyondi Roberts , a hairdresser , said 65 percent of her customers are Liberians facing delayed enforced departure . "  We 're praying that they do n't send them back . But if they do , it will have a serious effect on the business . I do mainly African hair , so it 's going to have a real big , big impact on the business , " she said . Aba Hamilton Dolo also lives in the Brooklyn Center area and is slated for departure . She said she has nightmares and panic attacks at the prospect of being separated from her two young American-born children . "  Please consider what would happen to our families if we were sent home , " she begs . Dolo : ' I have nightmares ' " "  Many of these Liberians have become important parts of the communities where they live in the United States , " said Sen. Jack Reed , D-Rhode Island . There is a large Liberian community in his home state . "  They have children who are citizens of the U.S. , " he noted . "  How do you leave children behind who are eligible to stay ? They 've worked very hard , they 've played by the rules , and they 've paid their taxes . They 're here legally . I think that should be considered at least to let them stay . " Reed has been one of the driving forces for extension of the temporary protection status in previous years and is pushing hard again this year for another extension . In addition , he wants a change in the rule that prohibits those on the temporary protection status classification from applying for citizenship . "  They should have the right to become American citizens , " he said . "  They should be part of immigration reform . We should n't pick and choose different immigrant groups . " Critics say Liberians should go back to Liberia when their status runs out . "  It is time for people to go back and rebuild their country , " said Dan Stein , president of the Federation for American Immigration Reform . Stein underlines the temporary in "  temporary protected status . " He said for Liberians to stay when their country is at peace would be an abuse of U.S. hospitality . "  It makes a mockery of the concept of short-term temporary humanitarian protection . " Department of Homeland Security deputy spokesman Sean Smith said its Immigration and Customs Enforcement agency is "  consulting with the White House and the State Department to determine the most appropriate course of action " in regard to the Liberians . CNN 's Jeanne Meserve contributed to this report .	14,000 Liberians took advantage of U.S. temporary status during civil war Liberians have to return home when status exemption expires March 31 Corvah Akoiwala : "  My fear is , who am I going to leave my kids with ? " Sen. Jack Reed pushing for extension to allow Liberians to stay
CNN  -- After years hovering in the vapor , little more than a dream for Apple fanatics everywhere , the elusive iWatch may be days away from becoming a reality . But it will hardly be the first smartwatch to hit the market . After breaking ground with products like the iPhone and iPad , Apple finds itself playing catch-up in the wearables world . The Pebble watch was the first smartwatch to gain any kind of notoriety . In 2012 , the smartwatch pulled in more than $ 10 million on Kickstarter . Pebble connects to an iPhone or Android phone via Bluetooth and has a growing selection of its own apps . Smartwatches have become much more feature-rich since the launch of the Pebble . Samsung leads the pack in jack-of-all-trades smartwatches . A year after releasing its first smartwatch , Samsung unveiled its third device in the line last week . The Gear S smartwatch has a curved screen and 3G connectivity , making it the first smartwatch from a major company that does n't require a Bluetooth connection to a smartphone . There 's also the LG G Watch R and Moto 360 , two newish devices that are aiming to have a more fashionable design and take advantage of Google 's Android Wear platform . So far , smartwatches have n't caught on widely in the way smartphones and tablets have . Whether Apple 's entry into the field changes that remains to be seen . Apple was granted a patent for a smartwatch in July -- with a touch screen , an accelerometer , a GPS receiver , Bluetooth and alerts via vibration . The iWatch in the patent connects to a mobile device , displays notifications and allows users to accept or decline phone calls . Apple is expected to unveil its iWatch smartwatch on September 9 .	Apple may unveil a smartwatch next week The company filed for a patent for the ` iWatch ' in July Samsung released its first smartwatch a year ago Other competitors are also crowding the field
Washington  CNN  -- The Justice Department on Thursday closed its criminal investigation of the deaths of two prisoners in CIA custody , ending a controversial investigation that Attorney General Eric Holder had approved more than a year ago . The investigation , conducted by veteran Justice prosecutor John Durham , examined alleged CIA interrogation abuses in connection with prisoner deaths at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq in 2003 and at a secret prison in Afghanistan in 2002 . If the probe had led to criminal charges against CIA officers or contractors , it could have ignited a firestorm of objections by Republican lawmakers and the national security community . Holder acknowledged that he made a controversial decision to appointed Durham in 2009 to examine allegations of CIA interrogation abuses in about 100 cases . His aides say he was aware the Obama White House wanted the torture controversies put behind it , but Holder pressed on . Republican lawmakers and the CIA were upset about the new review of alleged detainee mistreatment . In June 2011 , Durham concluded that nearly all of the allegations should not be prosecuted . However , he said he would look into two cases in which prisoners died while in custody . On Thursday , Holder said no charges would be brought in those cases . "  Assistant U.S. Attorney John Durham has now completed his investigations , and the Department has decided not to initiate criminal charges in these matters , " Holder said in a written statement . While praising the work of the men and women in the U.S. intelligence community , he left unanswered whether he believes inappropriate actions were taken against prisoners during the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan . "  Our inquiry was limited to a determination of whether prosecutable offenses were committed and was not intended to , and does not resolve , broader questions regarding the propriety of the examined conduct , " Holder said . CIA Director David Petraeus sent a statement to all CIA employees marking the end of the investigation and ignoring the lingering controversies . "  As intelligence officers , our inclination , of course , is to look ahead to the challenges of the future rather than backwards at those of the past . Nonetheless it was very important that we supported fully the Justice Department in its efforts , " he said .	Justice Department closes criminal investigation of alleged CIA abuses in 2002 , 2003 It looked at prisoner deaths at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and at a secret prison in Afghanistan Prosecutor originally looked into allegations of CIA interrogation abuses in about 100 cases In 2011 , investigation was narrowed to two cases , which were closed Thursday
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Paula Abdul is ready for another fresh start , now that she 's kicked her addiction to painkillers , the "  American Idol " judge told a magazine . Paula Abdul told Ladies ' Home Journal that she struggled with a drug problem . The former pop star released a new song this week and will take the "  American Idol " stage Wednesday night to perform it . Abdul , in an interview for the Ladies ' Home Journal 's June issue , acknowledged what she has denied for years -- that she had a drug problem . But last November , days after an obsessed fan apparently killed herself outside Abdul 's home , she went to a health spa where weaned herself off prescription pain medications she had used for a dozen years . "  Withdrawal -- it 's the worst thing , " she told the magazine . "  I was freezing cold , then sweating hot , then chattering and in so much pain , it was excruciating . But at my very core , I did not like existing the way I had been . " Watch more on Abdul 's challenges " Abdul acknowledged several years ago that she used medications to kill the pain for a series of injuries , but this is apparently her first admission she was hooked on them . When People magazine asked her about it in 2005 , she chose her words carefully : "  Drugs ? I 'm not addicted to pills of any kind , " Abdul then said . Her painkillers were , in fact , not pills . Abdul wore a patch that delivered a pain medication about 80 times more potent than morphine , she told Ladies ' Home Journal . Abdul 's slurring of words and apparent confusion on "  American Idol " and during interviews stirred rumors of a drug problem in recent years . She told the magazine , though , she was never under the influence during a show . Her pains began with a cheerleading accident at age 17 , but were compounded by later mishaps -- including a stage accident in 1991 , a car wreck in 1992 and a plane crash in 1993 , she said . The persistent hurting is almost gone after a 15th surgery , she said . After two short marriages , Abdul said she is still looking for a soul mate . "  I 'm working on finding that guy , " she said . She premiered her new song -- "  I 'm Just Here for the Music " -- on "  Idol " host Ryan Seacrest 's radio show Tuesday . She told Seacrest she only decided last week to accept the invitation to perform it live on the TV show . "  I was invited by the producers and I was n't sure it I was going to do it because timing was of the essence , " she said . She said she put her performance together over the weekend . Abdul 's "  American Idol " contract ends with this season , and she told Seacrest she did not know if she would be back to judge next season .	Paula Abdul told Ladies ' Home Journal she had painkiller addiction She went to spa to wean self : "  I did not like existing the way I had been " Abdul told magazine she was never under the influence on "  American Idol " Series of painful accidents starting at age 17 were root cause of addiction , she says
CNN  -- Congressional investigators are accusing the General Services Administration of violating its employee gift limit with rewards of iPods , digital cameras and other electronics , just as a video emerged of a lavish conference that shows employees drinking and making jokes about wasteful spending . The video , first obtained by The Huffington Post on Friday , offered a glimpse inside the agency 's $ 820,000 conference in Las Vegas . An administration official confirmed the authenticity of the video and provided a copy to CNN . Reports of the lavish conference have prompted taxpayer outrage , embarrassed the administration and put a spotlight on the wasteful spending by the agency that acts as a real estate agency for the federal government . "  These videos reinforce once again the complete lack of judgment exhibited during the 2010 Western Regions Conference , " said Greg Mecher , a GSA spokesman . "  Our agency continues to be appalled by this indefensible behavior , and we are taking every step possible to ensure that nothing like this ever happens again . " The latest news comes just days after the Office of the Inspector General documented massive overspending by the GSA . The fallout from the report 's revelations has sparked a congressional investigation and seen the GSA chief step down , two other employees fired and a number of others suspended . On Friday , Republican investigators for the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee said the GSA 's Public Buildings Service developed an employee incentive program known as the "  Hats Off Store " that spent nearly $ 500,000 on gifts -- from iPods to GPS devices -- that vastly exceeded its $ 99 per-gift limit . They also said accounting for the gifts as well as the justification for giving them were lacking or inconsistent , according to a statement released by Rep. Jeff Denham , R-California , chairman of the Subcommittee on Economic Development , and Rep. John Mica , R-Florida , chairman of the transportation committee . While the investigation found the GSA 's massive spending began in 2007 under the Bush administration and continued under the current leadership , Republican congressmen leading the investigation have hammered President Barack Obama over the allegations . "  More and more information is coming out about the total lack of accountability and outrageous spending habits of the General Services Administration , " Denham said in the statement . Denham accused the administration of treating taxpayer dollars "  like their own private slush fund . " Meanwhile , House Oversight Chairman Darrell Issa , R-California , has accused the White House of sitting on the IG 's findings about the GSA for 11 months . The administration has dismissed Issa 's claims , saying the investigation followed proper procedures . The allegations Friday by Denham and Mica , and the video are likely to inflame the political divide . The video shows employees at the GSA 's 2010 Western Regions Conference in Las Vegas putting on magic shows and singing Frank Sinatra songs . In one clip , a person dressed as a clown talks about making work more difficult for others . "  Government , if you think the problems we create are bad , just wait until you see our solutions , " the clown warns the audience . The reports of overspending have prompted a bipartisan reaction , with Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California , the chair of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , saying she will hold hearings on the GSA findings next week . CNN 's Dana Bash , Brianna Keilar and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The General Services Administration is "  appalled " by the video , a spokesman says NEW : An administration official confirms the authenticity of the video The GSA is accused of overspending It is accused of spending $ 500,000 on iPods and digital cameras for employees
LAS VEGAS , Nevada  CNN  -- Former football star O.J. Simpson will be held without bail after his arrest on robbery and assault charges , police announced late Sunday . Police released this mug shot of O.J. Simpson after his arrest . Simpson is accused of having directed several other men in an alleged armed robbery of sports memorabilia in a room at a Las Vegas hotel room . Las Vegas authorities said they have no information leading them to believe Simpson was carrying a firearm during the alleged incident at the Palace Station Hotel and Casino . Police said Simpson and other men burst into the room and walked out with the memorabilia , including some that was unrelated to Simpson , police said . "  We do n't believe that anyone was roughed up , but there were firearms involved , " Lt. Clint Nichols told reporters . Nichols said the firearms were pointed at the victims . A reporter asked Nichols : Was "  O.J. was the boss in that room ? " Nichols responded , "  That is what we believe , yes . " Watch Simpson transferred Sunday in handcuffs " The alleged victims were identified as Bruce Fromong , a sports memorabilia collector who described the incident as "  a home invasion-type robbery , " and Alfred Beardsley , who has been quoted by celebrity Web site TMZ.com as saying that Simpson later apologized to him and told him he regretted the incident . Acting on a tip , police met over the weekend at McCarran International Airport with 46-year-old Walter Alexander , of Mesa , Arizona , who told them about the alleged robbery and validated the tipster 's information , Capt. James Dillon told reporters . Alexander was arrested Saturday night on two counts of robbery with a deadly weapon , two counts of assault with a deadly weapon , conspiracy to commit robbery and burglary with a deadly weapon . He was released on his own recognizance and returned to Mesa either Saturday night or early Sunday morning , Dillon said . In addition , investigators are seeking four other men they believe accompanied Simpson into the hotel room , Nichols said . Nichols said , "  There is a social relationship between the individuals that we identified and O.J. Simpson . " Though Simpson is not accused of having brandished a gun himself , two firearms that police said were used were recovered early Sunday in one of three searches . Investigators would would not divulge where the weapons were found . Nichols dismissed an initial report that the men may have been off-duty police . "  There is no truth to that whatsoever , " he said . "  That came as a result of some language that was used when the individuals burst into the room that led our victims to believe that they may have been police . " Simpson , 60 , has acknowledged taking some items that belonged to him , but he has denied that any weapons were involved . "  Whether the property belonged to Mr. Simpson or not is still in debate , " Nichols said . "  We are still in the process of sorting that out . " Nichols also said that some of the property taken had Simpson 's signature . But "  there was some other property taken as well , " he said . "  I believe there were some Joe Montana cleats and some signed baseballs and other stuff . " The latest charges against Simpson mean he faces the prospect of another prosecution , more than a decade after the June 1994 stabbing deaths of his ex-wife , Nicole Brown Simpson , and Ron Goldman . Simpson was acquitted of murder the following year . The trial riveted much of the United States . But in 1997 , a jury found him liable for the deaths in a civil case brought by the Goldman family . Simpson was ordered to pay the families a total of $ 33.5 million for the deaths Goldman had gone to Nicole Simpson 's Los Angeles home to return a pair of glasses the day of the slayings . Goldman 's sister , Kim Goldman , said she was n't surprised by the robbery allegations , since Simpson "  thinks he can do no wrong . " "  He 's capable of stabbing people to death , so I think robbery is nothing surprising , " she said . "  Normal , logical , civil-minded , law-abiding people do n't storm a room with guns demanding stuff back . " Fromong had testified on Simpson 's behalf in the civil case , telling the court that prices for Simpson memorabilia had dropped substantially since the 1995 verdict . His testimony was part of the defense 's contention that Simpson could not afford to pay the Goldmans . Simpson recently wrote a book originally titled "  If I Did It " and had planned to publish it himself , but a public outcry led to the cancellation of his book deal . A bankruptcy judge subsequently awarded the Goldmans the rights to the book in light of their inability to collect the wrongful death award . The Goldmans retitled the book , "  If I Did It : Confessions of the Killer . " That book just hit bookstores . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	No bail for ex-NFL star accused of directing men in alleged armed robbery Simpson faces charges of robbery , assault , burglary and conspiracy Alleged robbery involved sports-related items , police say Simpson arrested Sunday in Las Vegas , but he says items were his
COLUMBIA , South Carolina  CNN  -- "  It was killing people , and I wanted to do something about it . " Bambi Gaddist 's nonprofit has provided free HIV tests to more than 8,600 people since 2000 . That realization about the AIDS crisis propelled Bambi Gaddist into activism in South Carolina more than 20 years ago , and she 's been relentless in her fight to stop the spread of HIV/AIDS there ever since . One of the most effective tools in her arsenal ? A large white RV . With "  GET TESTED " written in bold letters on its side , the camper van is the mobile unit of the South Carolina HIV/AIDS Council , a nonprofit that Gaddist helped start and has headed since 1995 . The only unit of its kind in South Carolina , the van brings confidential HIV testing and information to communities across the state . Since 2000 , Gaddist 's organization has provided HIV tests to more than 8,600 people , free of charge . Gaddist says the face of AIDS has changed since the mid-1980s , when she helped run one of the first grass-roots AIDS awareness campaigns in Columbia , South Carolina , while pursuing her doctorate in public health . "  In the '80s , HIV was seen as a gay , white male disease , " Gaddist said . "  Here in South Carolina , it became an African-American disease . " In 2006 , African-Americans accounted for 76 percent of the new AIDS cases diagnosed in South Carolina , and the state ranked ninth in the nation for those living with the disease , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation . iReport.com : Share stories of being black in America Statistics like these are what drives Gaddist and her staff . The mobile unit hits the road at least two to three times a week , and Gaddist says it goes just about anywhere -- gay and straight nightclubs , housing projects , health fairs or churches . "  We refuse to be quiet . That 's what 's going to save the lives of our children : talking about it and not hiding it , " Gaddist said . At outreach events , staffers distribute free condoms and information while trying to recruit people to be tested . Eight to 15 people usually take the 10-minute test at every event . Someday , Gaddist hopes , HIV tests will be as common as breast cancer exams or skin cancer screenings . Watch Gaddist and her team in action outside a nightclub " "  We 're trying to normalize this , " Gaddist said . " -LSB- We want -RSB- anyone , regardless of who they are , to say , ' I need to know my status . ' " Gaddist believes that the stigma associated with HIV/AIDS has contributed to people 's ignorance about the virus and to its alarming spread throughout the state . "  After 27 years of AIDS , we are still combating a mentality of fear and shame , " she said . In response , Gaddist has recruited powerful allies to her cause : South Carolina 's churches . Since 2006 , Gaddist 's group has run a program that educates local pastors about the disease and teaches them how to do outreach in their communities . Gaddist has gotten 30 churches on board . She believes that this is n't just spreading much-needed awareness ; it 's helping reshape public attitudes . Watch Gaddist describe how churches have gotten involved with her cause " "  People still believe that you get -LSB- HIV/AIDS -RSB- from touching someone , from hugging someone , " Gaddist said . "  The first arm of defense against this disease is to educate them . " In the past , Gaddist says , some churches helped perpetuate the stigma about the disease . " -LSB- But -RSB- now more than ever before , the church holds a solution to the HIV/AIDS epidemic , " she said . Gaddist has helped her organization grow from a two-person operation to a 23-member staff . In addition to testing and counseling , the South Carolina HIV/AIDS Council provides case management for people living with HIV and runs several programs targeting at-risk populations . Still , for all she 's done , Gaddist ca n't imagine a time when she 'll ever stop doing this work . Watch Gaddist explain how the mobile outreach unit works with the community " "  I joke about being a 70-year-old woman giving out condoms , " she said . Knowing how many people are at risk is what keeps Gaddist motivated . "  When it 's my time , I want my obituary to say that I have made a difference for someone and that I saved somebody 's life . "	Woman has headed nonprofit South Carolina HIV/AIDS Council since 1995 Since 2000 , the council has provided free HIV tests to more than 8,600 people One of the most effective tools in her arsenal is a mobile testing unit
New York  CNN  -- How much would you pay for a bloody sock ? A man named Pete Siegal paid $ 92,613 . Admittedly , it was n't just any old sock . It was the sock worn by Curt Schilling during Game 2 of the 2004 World Series . He pitched for the Boston Red Sox against the St. Louis Cardinals on an injured ankle . "  It 's a one-of-a-kind item , " said Chris Ivy , director of Sports Auctions for Heritage Auctions . The stained white tube sock was sold at auction Saturday night at the Fletcher-Sinclair Mansion in New York . "  I expected anywhere from $ 75,000 to many multiples of that . It 's the first bloody sock we 've sold , and it came in just under what we expected to get for it . I 'm happy with the sale , " Ivy said . Although the auctioned item was worn in the World Series , the blood-stained sock that Schilling had worn five days earlier is arguably an even bigger part of Red Sox lore . That night , the right-hander underwent an impromptu operation so that he could take the mound against Boston 's archrival , the New York Yankees , in Game 6 of the American League Championship Series . A loss would have sent the Red Sox home for the postseason -- without a championship , as had been the case since 1918 -- while a win would put them on the verge of an unprecedented postseason comeback from a 3-0 deficit , assuming they could take Game 7 . They made it thanks largely to Schilling , who was already hobbling after a subpar performance in the series ' first game . As blood soaked his white sock , he held the vaunted Yankees lineup to one run and four hits over seven innings . The Red Sox ended up taking their fourth straight game the next day , pummeling New York 10-3 , to advance to the World Series . There , they faced St. Louis . Despite his injuries , Schilling started Game 2 and helped lead the Red Sox to a 6-2 win . They ended up sweeping the Cardinals in four straight games , setting off a wave of euphoria in Red Sox Nation , and finally ending the "  Curse of the Bambino . " Siegal , who was born and raised in Brooklyn , New York , said he and his business partners have bought many items over the years and hope to open a museum about the history of baseball . The bloody sock will be a welcome addition . "  It 's a very historic item . We also bought , about 10 years ago , the contract that brought Babe Ruth from the Red Sox to the Yankees . That started the ` Curse of the Bambino , ' and Schilling 's sock had a lot to do with ending it . It 's a great combination and it 's an honor to have it . To have something that is involved with both is very historic , " Siegal said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	Schilling wore the sock during Game 2 of the 2004 World Series He pitched for the Boston Red Sox on an injured ankle The Red Sox swept the Cardinals in four straight games
CNN  -- The United States shares the blame for Mexican drug trafficking and the attendant violence that has killed thousands in the past year alone , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said Wednesday . Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is in Mexico for a series of meetings on the drug crisis and other issues . "  Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade , " she said en route to Mexico City , Mexico , according to pool reports . "  Our inability to prevent weapons from being illegally smuggled across the border to arm these criminals causes the deaths of police officers , soldiers and civilians . So , yes , I feel very strongly we have a co-responsibility . " Clinton will meet with President Felipe Calderon and other Mexican leaders to discuss bilateral strategies for the drug war . But her aides said she will also make an effort to show that the U.S.-Mexican relationship is not restricted to matters related to drug violence . As Clinton arrived in the Mexican capital Wednesday , a day after the United States unveiled its plan to improve security along the southern border , the United States ' investment in the drug war emerged as a predominant theme . Watch Clinton acknowledge the U.S. role in Mexico 's drug war " She emphasized that the United States has already appropriated $ 700 million in aid to Mexico , and Congress wants to see how the administration is applying it before sending more . "  We are going to demonstrate that we are spending it in an accountable and effective manner that will assist the Mexicans " in law enforcement and justice , she said . The United States needs to stop the flow of guns , body armor and night-vision goggles to the cartels , Clinton said . "  When you go into a gunfight or are trying to round up these bad guys and they have military-style equipment that is much better than yours , you start out at a disadvantage . Since we know the vast majority of that comes from our country , we are going to help stop it from getting there in the first place . " Arturo Sarukhan , Mexico 's ambassador to the United States , called the Obama administration 's willingness to accept co-responsibility "  a very encouraging sign . " Watch Sarukhan share his thoughts on the U.S. move " "  I think that the fact that the Obama administration is seized with the importance of this issue is a clear indication that they understand that , to defang the drug syndicates in Mexico , we have to eliminate two of their most powerful sources -- bulk cash from the United States into Mexico and illicit weapons . " In most instances , local and state police "  are outgunned by the drug syndicates , " which has necessitated the use of federal forces , he said . The Mexican army arrested a man Mexico calls a top drug cartel chief and four of his bodyguards , the government announced Wednesday . Hector Huerta Rios , also known as "  La Burra " or "  El Junior , " was arrested Tuesday in the city of San Pedro Garza Garcia , outside Monterrey in Nuevo Leon state , a little more than 100 miles from Mexico 's border with the United States . The Obama administration announced a crackdown on border violence and on the smuggling of cash and weapons into Mexico on Tuesday , a step that could mark an end to a nasty blame game over where responsibility for the violence lies . Clinton called the fighting "  a terrible law-enforcement problem " in U.S. cities along the Mexican border , but said it does not yet pose a major threat to overall U.S. security . "  This is more about trying to act proactively , " she said in an interview with CNN 's Jill Dougherty in Mexico City . "  We need to help them , or we 'll see the results in our own country . " -LSB- Traffickers -RSB- are distributing these drugs in our country . They 're causing all kinds of criminal activity in our country . It has an effect on us , so we want to prevent it from going any further . " Clinton will visit a Mexican police base to show U.S. support for the nation 's embattled police force . And she will travel to Monterrey , a thriving industrial town , to meet with students , hold a town-hall meeting with business leaders and visit a clean energy plant . The Defense Department and the director of national intelligence have both warned of the national security threat an unstable Mexico poses to the United States . Congress has seized on the issue , holding eight hearings since coming back into session two months ago . Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano testified at a Senate Homeland Security Committee hearing on violence along the U.S.-Mexican border Wednesday . Mexico is the United States ' second-largest export market , after Canada , and its third-largest total trade partner . Hundreds of U.S. companies have factories in Mexico , and Mexico is a leading supplier of crude oil to the United States . Clinton noted many Americans have close ties and families in Mexico , adding she honeymooned there . Napolitano and Attorney General Eric Holder are due to visit Mexico soon , to be followed next month by President Obama , before he attends the Summit of the Americas in Trinidad and Tobago .	NEW : Clinton says fighting does not pose major threat to U.S. security -- yet Mexico 's U.S. ambassador says willingness to share an "  encouraging sign " "  Our insatiable demand for illegal drugs fuels the drug trade , " Clinton says in Mexico U.S. needs to stop flow of guns , body armor , night-vision goggles to cartels , she says
CNN  More than 100 schools in Pakistan have been renamed in honor of the children killed in a Taliban siege at a Peshawar school last year . According to the provincial government of Khyber Pakhtunkhwa , 107 local schools now bear the name of a student killed during the December 16 attack on the Army Public School . Government spokesman Mushtaq Ghani told CNN that the gesture was a way to remember the bravery of the students who were taking exams in an auditorium when Taliban militants strapped with explosives laid siege . Some six hours later , 145 were dead , 132 of them children , according to authorities . In February , Pakistani authorities arrested a suspect , accusing him of commanding the attack . The Army Public School is home to about 1,100 students and staff , most of them sons and daughters of army personnel from around Peshawar . CNN 's Sophia Saifi and Mariano Castillo contributed to this report .	More than 100 schools renamed in honor of students killed in a Taliban schoolhouse attack A six-hour siege at a Peshawar school killed 145 people in December
CNN  -- Ratko Mladic , the former Bosnian Serb army commander wanted for crimes against humanity , is a notorious name synonymous with the dissolution of Yugoslavia , the Balkan wars of the 1990s and the bloody assaults on Sarajevo and Srebrenica . Born in Kalnovik , Bosnia and Herzegovina , during the height of World War II , the 69-year-old was a career soldier who served in Yugoslavia 's military before that nation dissolved in the early 1990s . Mladic then became a leader of Bosnian Serb forces during the brutal conflict in Bosnia , the bloodiest in Europe since the allies fought Germany in the 1940s . He was shaped by the war when his father was killed by Croat Nazis when he was 2 years old . In 1965 he graduated from a military academy and joined the Communist Party in Yugoslavia , an ethnic stew of six states -- Bosnia , Serbia , Macedonia , Slovenia , Croatia , and Montenegro . Working his way up the ranks , Mladic was general of the Yugoslav Federal Forces in Sarajevo in 1992 , an entity later transferred to the Bosnian Serb army when war engulfed Bosnia after it declared independence . The state was populated by Muslims , Croats and Serbs , but Serbian forces wanted to take lands where Serbs had been a majority . Mladic is charged with leading a 1992 siege against the city of Sarajevo , an assault that lasted two years and killed thousands . He is also accused of leading a 1995 attack on the Muslim enclave of Srebrenica , where close to 8,000 Muslim men and boys died . In 1995 , he was indicted by the United Nations International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia for war crimes and an international arrest warrant was issued a year later . Mladic faces charges of genocide , complicity in genocide , persecutions , extermination and murder , deportation and inhumane acts , unlawfully inflicting terror upon civilians , murder , cruel treatment , attacks on civilians and the taking of hostages . The genocide and complicity in genocide charges involve "  the planning , preparation or execution of the intentional partial destruction " of Bosnian Muslims in various towns , including Srebrenica . In detailing its charges against Mladic , the International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia cites the "  widespread killing , deportation and forcible transfer of non-Serbs in furtherance of the 1992 and 1993 ` ethnic cleansing ' campaigns in the Bosnian Krajina and in eastern Bosnia ; by causing serious bodily or mental harm to Bosnian Muslims , including torture , physical and psychological abuse , sexual violence and beatings . " It said Bosnian Muslims were subjected "  to conditions of life calculated to bring about their physical destruction , namely through cruel and inhumane treatment , including torture , inhumane living conditions and forced labor . " Such alleged crimes occurred many locations , including in Banja Luka and Srebrenica . The court also cites Mladic 's alleged role in the Bosnian Serb siege on the city of Sarajevo . Mladic , working with others , planned and ordered "  a protracted military campaign in which Bosnian Serb forces under his control , in particular the Sarajevo Romanija Corps , used artillery and mortar shelling and sniping to target civilian areas of Sarajevo , killing and wounding civilians . " The U.S. Rewards for Justice program announced a $ 5 million reward for information leading to Mladic 's capture . Over the years , he has eluded authorities as his cohort , the former Bosnia Serb president , Radovan Karadzic , was apprehended and is facing various charges at the court in The Hague .	Mladic 's father was killed by Croatian Nazis The military leader led the siege against Sarajevo He was also in charge of the attack against Srebrenica Mladic is wanted for crimes against humanity , among other charges
Nigeria , Africa 's largest oil producer , ended oil subsidies on New Year 's Day that had kept gasoline prices artificially low . The cost of a liter of gasoline shot up from 65 naira  40 cents  to at least 141 naira  86 cents  virtually overnight . Furious Nigerians have since taken to the streets , staging ` Occupy Nigeria ' protests and mass demonstrations across the country . Police have responded forcefully with many arrests . At least one person has died amid the unrest : 23-year-old student Muyideen Mustafa was allegedly hit by a police bullet in Ilorin , Kwara State , on January 03 . Are you there ? Send your images or video A police spokesman in Kano State also confirmed to CNN that they fired teargas into a crowd staging a midnight protest last week in order to disperse a largely peaceful demonstration by Muslims and Christians . What is the background to the decision ? The government is attempting to deregulate the oil sector in the country and believes subsidizing consumption of oil is a drain on public finances that will prove unsustainable in the long term . Many argue that the only people the subsidy benefited were fuel importers . The government says the move will save the Treasury more than 1 trillion naira  $ 6.13 billion  in 2012 . Reuben Abati , spokesman for President Goodluck Jonathan , told CNN the money saved from removing the subsidy will help to improve public amenities and build much-needed infrastructure in a country with poor roads , lack of power and non-functioning refineries . Nigeria produces around 2.4 million barrels of crude oil a day but imports roughly 70 % of its gasoline from countries as far afield as the United Kingdom and Venezuela , because its own refineries are inoperative after years of corruption-fueled neglect . Why has it caused such an outcry ? Nigerians are angry because they believe the government has introduced the plan without any regard to how it will affect the cost of living in the country . They say they are already experiencing undue hardship as a result of the move , which they say has already affected the cost of transport , food , medicine , rent and school fees . Feyi Fawehinmi , an accountant and analyst , told CNN the government 's abrupt move was like having a "  tooth pulled without a plier . " "  When you have so much poverty , a lot of business and lives have been built on petrol being at N65 , which is not exactly cheap , even at subsidized rates . People are just not moving out of poverty quickly in Nigeria . There is an economic case but this is not something that can be quantified economically , " he said . "  The government can not tell how many businesses will be ruined or even how many people will die , " Fawehinmi continued . "  The impact will be so wide-ranging . There should have been a plan to remove this in a sensible way , not in this crude manner . " he said . Many Nigerians see the subsidy , which gives them the cheapest gas price in the region , as the only benefit of being an oil producing country . Most live in grinding poverty and on less than $ 2 a day . There is little infrastructure , high unemployment and only intermittent electric power . Nigerians routinely have to buy generators to provide power and supporters of the subsidies say some may be left in the dark because they simply can not afford fuel costs . Is there an economic case for the removal ? Those who support ending the subsidy removal say the move is long overdue because of simple economics . They argue that Nigerians have been paying N65  40 cents  per liter for at least five years , while petrol prices have risen significantly elsewhere in the world , which means the government foots the bill when worldwide oil prices go up . They also say that the only people who get any real benefit from the subsidy are those involved in importing oil . The Nigerian oil traders import refined gasoline , claim the subsidy and then sell it on at a higher rate to neighboring countries . How will Nigerians benefit from any money saved ? There is a widespread lack of trust in the government to provide the infrastructure it says it will . Nigeria is regularly voted among the most corrupt countries in the world and citizens complain that the money saved will be siphoned by a few and salted away into off-shore accounts , as has happened in the past . They also bemoan the high salaries and daily allowances of government officials . According to Transparency for Nigeria website , the country 's senators receive an annual pay of N182m  $ 1.2 m  . The national monthly minimum wage is set at N18 ,000  $ 112  , although all Nigerians do not currently receive this basic wage . While at the 2012 national expenditure reading in December , N992 .57 m alone  $ 6.2 m  was allocated for the President and Vice President 's annual food and general catering services . The sum includes the cost of purchasing foodstuffs , catering supplies and kitchen equipment for the president and his deputy 's offices and residences , according to the 2012 Appropriation Bill presented to the Nigerian National Assembly . However , government spokesman Reuben Abati told CNN he understood Nigerians ' concerns regarding a lack of trust because they had been let down by previous administrations . He added that the president has set up a high-powered committee to ensure money saved from ending the subsidy would not be misappropriated . What will happen next ? Mass unrest and instability in the country is expected over the next few days , with citizens calling for a return to the cheap prices . So far , the government has refused but has announced the "  immediate distribution of 1600 mass transit buses to major cities . " Labor union leaders have called for national strikes and protests that they hope will lead to a mass shutdown across the country . "  We call on all Nigerians to participate actively in this movement to rescue our country . The emphasis is on peaceful protests , rallies and strikes while refusing to be intimidated , " the unions ' statement said . There are also calls from some quarters for President Jonathan to be impeached .	Nigeria 's government removed fuel subsidy on New Year 's day ending Thousands of Nigerians have taken to the streets in protest over fuel subsidy removal Price of fuel more than doubles amid anger from Nigerians
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy is pledging $ 730 million  $ 580 million  in economic aid to France 's Caribbean territories in an effort to head off escalating protests , his office said Friday . French gendarmes face-off against Guadeloupe protesters . Sarkozy made the announcement after a meeting in Paris with leaders from French Caribbean territories . He also proposed adding $ 200  $ 253  a month to the salaries of low-paid workers . The French territory of Guadeloupe has witnessed a month of sometimes violent demonstrations over low wages and living conditions . At least one civilian , a trade unionist , has been killed in riots . French Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie on Thursday announced the deployment of four state police units to Guadeloupe . "  We have the duty to listen to our countrymen and at the same time , we must bring law and order back as quickly as possible , " Sarkozy said in remarks Thursday . "  Our countrymen expect the state to protect them . It 's unacceptable that a trade unionist has been killed . This is murder . It 's a hateful act that has nothing to do with the social crisis . " Hospitals and emergency services continue to function and the main international airport is open , but petrol stations , schools , and most businesses -- including supermarkets and car rental offices -- are closed , the British Foreign Office said in a travel advisory . Hotels are open , but the strike is causing daily cuts to electricity and water supplies , the Foreign Office said . French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Thursday the crisis is linked to "  the lifelessness of the economy in the Antilles , aggravated by the global economic crisis . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report	French Guadeloupe hit by month of sometimes violent protests Strikes over low wages , living conditions hit businesses , utilities French PM : Crisis linked to lifelessness of the economy in the Antilles Sarkozy : Death of trade union activist during unrest unrelated to crisis
One country , two languages -- and one dream of winning the World Cup . If Belgium is divided by the Flemish speakers who live in the north and the French-speaking Walloons in the south , the nation 's footballers are united with one goal . And with its place at the 2014 World Cup finals almost secure , midfielder Mousa Dembele believes Belgium 's multicultural array of stars can follow in the footsteps of France 's 1998 winning team . Like Les Bleus -- a team which included players of African and Caribbean heritage -- Belgium 's class of 2013 has a cosmopolitan feel . Striker Christian Benteke was born in Kinshasa , Congo , while the likes of Manchester City captain Vincent Kompany and Chelsea striker Romelu Lukaku are both of Congolese heritage . Then there is Manchester United 's Marouane Fellaini , who along with Tottenham 's Nacer Chadli and 17-year-old starlet Zakaria Bakkali is of Moroccan descent . Dembele himself was born in Belgium after his father moved from Mali -- of which he remains proud . And while the 26-year-old considers himself Belgian , he believes the ethnic mix within the team has made his time in the national setup a more enjoyable experience . "  We get on very well , I think , " Dembele told CNN ahead of Friday 's trip to Croatia , where a draw will be enough to clinch Belgium 's 2014 place as winner of Group A with a match to spare . "  It makes us strong . We have all kinds of players and perhaps you can compare us to the France side which won the World Cup in 1998 . "  I think it 's fair to say we 're like them . Perhaps you could say we 're also like Germany in a way . "  With Germany , you can see there 's a real mix of nationalities in their team . I like that approach because I 'm of mixed nationality myself . " It 's a nuanced response from Dembele and contrasts sharply with the view of Arsenal midfielder Jack Wilshere , who said this week only English people should play for England . While the Belgium players remain united , the team will often arrange separate interviews for Flemish and French speakers . Arsenal defender Thomas Vermaelen will speak to the press in Flemish , while Zenit St. Petersburg midfielder Axel Witsel , whose father came from the Caribbean island of Martinique , will give his thoughts in French . One team But the divisions stop there -- on the pitch these players have come together to give Belgian football its most exciting generation of players since the team reached the 1986 World Cup semifinal . The path to today 's array of riches has not been an easy one -- Belgium has failed to qualify for the past five major tournaments and only an extensive overhaul of its playing structure has ensured that the country has not been left behind . "  Some 13 years ago the Belgian Football Federation decided to reorganize Belgian football programs and set up in every province an elite academy , " leading Belgium youth football coach Michel Bruyninckx , who has long been interested in maximizing the way players use their brain in games as part of his innovative training sessions , told CNN in a recent interview . "  In collaboration with all the universities in our country and after studying the strategies of other countries the Belgian FA composed a plan with the new vision implemented in the different federation academies and then step-by-step integrated in the club programs . "  Just as importantly the Ministry of Education agreed to create a school curriculum to extend the number of weekly training hours . "  That meant we could guarantee young talents would have about 20 hours training time a week and their school programs were never in danger . "  The structure , organization and lifestyle in the academies was regularly checked to make sure that this project delivered professional players or highly qualified young people . " Youth program The project has been a huge success -- Belgium 's top club side Anderlecht competes in the European Champions League with a team boasting an average of just 22.5 years . The club 's youth teams have been dominating on both the national and European stage , while the Belgian Under-21 side recently defeated Italy 3-1 . "  Anderlecht have won five of the eight national youth championships and many important European tournaments such as the Viareggio , the Aegon Future Cup and the Premier League Cup , " added Bruyninckx . "  The integration of many very young players in the first team is the proof of the success of what has happened in Belgium . Most of all Youri Tielemans , the 16-year-old player who has surprised the whole of Belgium and is the product of the new strategy . " Star pupils One of those players to have come through the Anderlecht system announced himself on the world stage last weekend . Adnan Januzaj scored twice on his full Premier League debut for Manchester United in a 2-1 win at Sunderland -- sparking a wild frenzy among a whole host of nations which want to secure his international future . The 18-year-old , who was born in Belgium , could potentially play for his country of birth as well as Albania , Turkey , Serbia or Kosovo , which has yet to be recognized by FIFA . Even England has made overtures in attracting the youngster to wearing the Three Lions . There may be a chance Januzaj will wear the red of Belgium , but that is for the future -- he has refused all international call-ups so far . Now Belgium is hoping that the culmination of the project will take place in Brazil next July with its group of players one of the most talented in Europe . Goalkeeper Thibaut Courtois has starred in Spain 's La Liga for Atletico Madrid , while Chelsea 's Eden Hazard is regarded as one of the most exciting playmakers in the world . Benteke and Lukaku are two of the most lethal finishers in the English Premier League , while Fellaini commanded a $ 43 million transfer fee when he joined Manchester United from Everton in August . Then there is the prodigiously talented Bakkali -- who , at 17 years and 196 days old , became the youngest player to score a hat-trick in the Dutch league , for PSV Eindhoven in August . ` Something special ' There is talent everywhere you look -- it is a squad which promises to thrill , excite , inspire and perhaps , just perhaps , win . "  For the past three years we 've known that we 've had some good players but we did n't always get the results , " Dembele says . "  I think now you can see we have a lot more confidence there . With the World Cup , it 's all looking good for us but it 's not done quite yet . "  I think there are some difficult games to play but we 're confident . "  We have a very good team , so we do n't have to be scared . But we have to be concentrated , and I believe if we get to Brazil we can do something special , but we have to get there first . "	Belgium is considered one of the dark horses to win the World Cup in Brazil Nation has one of the most gifted squads in football thanks to outstanding youth program Can qualify for the 2014 tournament on Friday night with draw in Croatia Dembele believes his side can do ` something special ' next July
CNN  -- Iran said it has broken up an Israeli "  terror and sabotage network " that was planning attacks within the country , making a number of arrests while confiscating weapons and equipment , state-run media reported . "  The complicated and months-long measures and moves made by the Iranian intelligence forces to identify the devils led to the discovery of the Zionists ' regional command center ... and discovering the identity of the agents active in that command center , " a statement from the Iranian Intelligence Ministry said , according to the Fars News Agency . Paul Hirschson , a spokesman for the Israeli Foreign Ministry said that every few months Iran spreads disinformation and there is no basis to the story . The developments come ahead of the scheduled resumption of nuclear talks between Iran and six world powers in Istanbul , Turkey , on Saturday . Faced with mounting pressure from the world powers over its controversial nuclear program , Iran said last month that it was ready to re-engage with the International Atomic Energy Association , the U.N. nuclear watchdog . As a signatory to the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , Iran has the right , like other countries , to enrich uranium for commercial and research reactors . But the same facilities that are used for peaceful enrichment can be used to enrich uranium for a bomb . And that 's what many Western countries suspect Iran is doing . Iran insists its nuclear program is exclusively for peaceful purposes . Tehran 's claims of an Israeli terror network come in the midst of an apparent shadow war the two nations are believed to be fighting . Iranian nuclear scientists have been assassinated and there have been mysterious explosions in the country . Also Iran and the Tehran-backed Lebanese militia Hezbollah have in recent months made various claims about discovering Israeli espionage operations , which have been met by either silence or flat out denials from Israeli government officials . Separately , there have been attempted attacks against Israeli diplomats in India and Georgia , along with suspected terror plots against Israeli targets in Thailand and Azerbaijan . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Kevin Flower contributed to this report .	Nuclear talks with Iran are scheduled to resume Saturday Israel and Iran are believed to be engaged in a shadow war The Israeli Prime Minister 's office had no official comment on the Iranian claims
Where to twirl in the shadow of palm trees , city skyscrapers , or dramatic stone cliffs . Boston : Boston Common Frog Pond The nation 's oldest public park transforms its reflecting pool into an outdoor rink each winter . Chefs from the local restaurants Cheers and Hampshire House oversee the kid-friendly menu at the snack bar . Nov. 15 to Mar. 17 ; $ 4 , free for kids under 14 , $ 8 skate rental . Chicago : McCormick Tribune Ice Rink at Millennium Park The Windy City 's newest downtown park is a feat of landscaping that encompasses a Frank Gehry-designed concert space , an interactive fountain , a garden , a restaurant -- even room for art exhibitions , picnics , and , yes , outdoor skating . Nov. 14 to Mar. 16 ; free , $ 9 skate rental . Houston : Polar Ice Galleria Beneath a glass atrium inside Houston 's sprawling , high-end mall , this bi-level rink provides a well-deserved break from that other holiday sport -- shopping . Year-round ; $ 8 , $ 7 for children under 13 , $ 3 skate rental . Los Angeles : Downtown on Ice At the Pershing Square rink , surrounded by palm trees , skaters can join periodic hockey clinics run by the L.A. Kings or glide along to live swing , jazz , or country music during free concerts held Tuesdays and Thursdays at noon , Fridays at 8 p.m. , Saturdays at 1 p.m. , and Sundays at 2 p.m. Nov. 15 to Jan. 21 ; $ 6 , $ 2 skate rental . Minneapolis : Depot Skating Rink Housed in a former train shed at the historic Depot , the rink has an iron-truss canopy ceiling and giant glass walls looking out at downtown Minneapolis . Thursday to Sunday , Nov. 21 to Mar. 16 ; $ 8 , $ 6 for children under 18 , $ 6 skate rental . New York City : The Pond at Bryant Park There 's no shortage of Manhattan rinks , but the pond ringed by trees and gleaming skyscrapers gets kudos for its free admission and park perks : an old-fashioned carousel , a flower kiosk , and a holiday market . The rink shuts down early to make way for the white tents of Fashion Week , held each February . Oct. 26 to mid-Jan. ; free , $ 10 skate rental . Philadelphia : Blue Cross River Rink On the banks of the Delaware River , the rink hosts a free event each month : the crowd-pleaser Skate with Santa  Dec. 16  , a New Year 's Eve Party on Ice  Dec. 31  , a Healthy Kids Fest  Jan. 12  , and a Sweet Treats weekend  Feb. 2-3  . Nov. 23 to Mar. 2 ; $ 6 , $ 3 skate rental , $ 1 discount coupons available online . Sun Valley : The Sun Valley Ice Rink Cool mountain nights and a sun shade keep this outdoor rink open even in the dog days of summer . A part of the ritzy Sun Valley Lodge , the rink mounts annual ice shows with Olympic medalist headliners and sells gear and frilly skating costumes . Year-round ; $ 10 , $ 8.50 children under 13 , $ 4 skate rental . Washington , D.C. : Sculpture Garden Ice-Skating Rink The rink is strung with festive lights and set amid the National Gallery of Art 's outdoor sculpture collection , graced by the works of Joan Miró , Sol LeWitt , and Ellsworth Kelly . Nov. 17 to mid-Mar. ; $ 7 ; $ 6 for children under 13 , seniors , and students with ID ; $ 3 skate rental . Yosemite National Park : Curry Village Ice Rink Half Dome and Glacier Point make a spectacular backdrop for skating , one of Yosemite 's many winter activities  snowshoeing , skiing , snowboarding , tubing  for hearty souls . Refuel with hot apple cider and s'mores by the outdoor fire pit . Nov. 16 to mid-Mar. ; $ 8 , $ 6 for children under 12 , $ 3 skate rental . E-mail to a friend Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you and enter to win a free trip to Finland - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2007 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved . Note : This story was accurate when it was published . Please be sure to confirm all rates and details directly with the companies in question before planning your trip .	Rinks around the U.S. offer a variety of amenities Some of the best Indoor rinks are in Houston and Minneapolis Yosemite National Park provides great views while skating
CNN  -- Move aside oom-pah bands . The new Germany has no space for your lederhosen-clad image . And forget that dark German music scene promulgated by metal industrial bands like Rammstein . Here comes Madsen , a four-piece indie rock band with heart and high-energy live shows . They are one of the most popular new bands in Germany , with several top 10 hits . Madsen is made up of brothers Sebastian , Johannes and Sascha Madsen and their friend Nico Maurer . They are touring the United States to promote the German language and their audience is mostly high school and college students like 10th grader Maya Dudley of Chamblee , Georgia . She saw the band in Athens on a field trip with her German class . "  Most of their songs sound like anything you would hear on the radio here , " she says . Their sound has been compared to Green Day and the band members claim Nirvana as one of their influences . Their lyrics are smart , fun and distinctly German . "  Our English is n't very good , " said Madsen 's lead singer , Sebastian Madsen , in his first interview in English . While he only has a slight accent , he 's not ready to translate into English any of their more popular tunes like "  Du schreibst Geschichte "  You Write History  or "  Mein Herz bleibt hier  My Heart Stays Here  " . "  It 's more interesting to sing German in America , because it 's a challenge for the people here , " he says . That 's why the entire tour is sponsored by the German government , the European Recovery Program and others interested in promoting Germany 's culture and language , such as the Goethe Institute . "  In the U.S. , many German programs have been cut down , " says the Goethe Institute 's Bjoern Technau . German language education is being pushed out by other languages , like Mandarin Chinese , according to a 2009 survey by the Center of Applied Linguistics . "  We try to keep German on the screen , so to speak . " Technau says . The 12-city Madsen tour is supposed to help . The band has been playing mostly in school auditoriums in the daytime . The audiences are American students who dance and sing along in perfect German . That 's because they have studied the lyrics in class . The Goethe Institute developed lesson plans for German teachers around the band 's songs . "  Mad about German -- Mad about Madsen " is the tag line for the U.S. tour . Besides getting kids interested in the language , Madsen wants to push out German music stereotypes one American auditorium at a time . "  German music still has the reputation of being somewhat dark , " says Sebastian Madsen . "  We want to counter this clichÃ © and surprise our audiences . " One big surprise is that Madsen 's live shows are just as energetic in a school auditorium as they are at a huge Berlin music festival . "  It does n't matter if there are 10 people or 10,000 , we always want to give a good show for everybody . That 's very important to us , " says drummer Sascha Madsen . The last date on Madsen 's U.S. concert tour will be November 18 in Denver .	German rock band Madsen is touring the States The group is helping promote the German language The German government is sponsoring the band 's tour
CNN  -- Trayvon Martin 's girlfriend , talking to him on the telephone , heard the teenager saying "  get off , get off , " in the moments before his cell phone cut off and he was shot dead , according to a recording released Friday of the girl 's interview with a prosecutor . Another witness , however , seems to put Martin on top of George Zimmerman for at least part of the struggle , according to another recording . "  When I first walked out there , the black guy was on top , and the only reason I can tell that was because the guy that was on the ground under him at that point wrestling was definitely a lighter color , " the man , whose name has not been made public , said in the interview . Martin was African-American . Zimmerman is Hispanic . When first interviewed , the witness said the individual on the bottom was calling for help . But a few weeks later , in another interview , he said he was n't sure . "  At first I thought it was the person on the ground , because me thinking rationally , if someone was on top , the person on the bottom would be yelling , " the witness aid . "  I truly ca n't tell who , after thinking about it , was yelling for help just because it is so dark on that sidewalk . You ca n't see a mouth . " In his second interview , the witness said when he returned to the window while calling 911 , he saw the person who had been on top sprawled in the grass , not moving . Another person with his hands in the air said , "  The gun 's on the ground . I shot this guy in self-defense , " according to the witness . Another witness said the heavier of the two individuals appeared to be on top . "  I know after seeing the TV of what 's happening , comparing their pictures , I think Zimmerman was definitely on top because of his size , " the witness said . The recordings provide the most detailed look yet into previously reported witness statements detailing the last moments of Martin 's life . Martin , 17 , was shot to death February 26 while walking in the Sanford , Florida , neighborhood where he was staying during a visit with his father . The girlfriend , whose name has not been made public , told Assistant State Attorney Bernie de la Rionda that Martin got away from the man , who turned out to be Zimmerman , but only temporarily . He was out of breath from running away and scared , she said , and decided not to keep running because he was close to the house where he was staying . And as Zimmerman drew closer , the girl said , Martin called out , "  Why you following me for ? " according to the recording . "  I hear this man , like this old man , say , ` What are you doing around here ? ' " the girl said . The girl said she called out to Martin , asking what was happening , but he did n't answer . The next thing she heard was a bumping sound , followed by what might have been a scuffle . "  I could hear it a little bit , ` Get off , get off , ' then the phone just hung up , " the girl said . Zimmerman , a neighborhood watch volunteer , is charged with second-degree murder in the death , which sparked nationwide protests and inflamed public passions over race relations and gun control . Another witness interviewed by police said Zimmerman "  looked like he had just gotten his butt whupped , " according to a recording released by authorities . The witness also said Zimmerman seemed nonchalant about the shooting , "  like it was nothing . " Zimmerman told the witness to call his wife and "  just tell her I shot somebody . " A woman told Sanford officers she did not hear the sounds of fighting outside her residence . "  I heard nothing but a little kid scared to death , like crying . " Zimmerman has claimed self-defense in the shooting , saying Martin charged him after the two exchanged words , knocking him to the ground and hitting his head repeatedly against a concrete sidewalk . Prosecutors say Zimmerman profiled Martin as a criminal and killed him , even though he was doing nothing wrong . Zimmerman has pleaded not guilty . The recordings and other documents released as part of the court case also touch on the racial component of the case . In one recording , a former co-worker of Zimmerman 's says Zimmerman made him the butt of a long-running office joke , ridiculing his Middle Eastern accent and bullying him in what the witness described as a juvenile but infuriating effort to fit in with other workers . In another , an anonymous caller tells a Sanford police officer that Zimmerman and his family are racists . "  I do n't know what happened . I do n't know at all , who this kid was or anything else , " the woman said . "  But I know George . And I know he does not like black people . He would start something . He 's a very confrontational person . " Some people have also attributed a racial epithet to Zimmerman during his call with an emergency dispatcher . But an FBI analysis , released Thursday , determined that the word could not be definitively identified "  due to weak signal level and poor recording quality . " Zimmerman 's former attorneys and an audio expert said in April that they believed Zimmerman used the word "  punks , " not a slur . The recordings released Friday are the latest in a series of revelations from the official investigation into the shooting . Authorities are making details of the case publicly available as attorneys prepare for Zimmerman 's trial . Among the documents released was one filed with prosecutors by Sanford police two weeks after the shooting , urging Zimmerman 's arrest . New documents shed light on Trayvon Martin killing "  The encounter between George Zimmerman and Trayvon Martin was ultimately avoidable by Zimmerman , if Zimmerman had remained in his vehicle and awaited the arrival of law enforcement , or conversely if he had identified himself to Martin as a concerned citizen and initiated dialog  sic  in an effort to dispel each party 's concern , " the police request to arrest Zimmerman said . "  There is no indication that Trayvon Martin was involved in any criminal activity . " Other documents released this week include Martin 's autopsy report and a fire department report on Zimmerman 's injuries . The autopsy report showed that Martin died of a gunshot wound to the chest fired from within 36 inches and that he had traces of marijuana in his blood and urine . In his 911 call just before the shooting , Zimmerman had speculated that the teen looked like he was "  up to no good or he 's on drugs or something . " Martin 's blood contained THC , the psychoactive ingredient in marijuana , according to autopsy results released Thursday . The autopsy was conducted February 27 , the day after the teenager was killed . Toxicology tests found elements of the drug in the teenager 's chest blood -- 1.5 nanograms per milliliter of one type  THC  , as well as 7.3 nanograms of another type  THC-COOH  -- according to the medical examiner 's report . There also was a presumed positive test of cannabinoids in Martin 's urine , according to the medical examiner 's report . It was not immediately clear how significant these amounts were . No precise levels on the urine were released . What happened that night ? Just before the shooting , Zimmerman , 28 , called 911 to complain about a suspicious person in his neighborhood . In the call , Zimmerman said he was following Martin after the teen started to run , prompting the dispatcher to tell him , "  We do n't need you to do that . " Prosecutors say Zimmerman disregarded the advice , leading to a confrontation between the two . A screaming voice could be heard on other 911 calls placed by neighbors , with some speculating that those screams came from Martin and others that they belonged to Zimmerman . As part of an analysis released this week , the FBI did not make a final determination either way , citing several reasons , including the fact they came during "  an extreme emotional state , " that there were n't enough words to make a good comparison and that the sound quality was low and distant . FBI analysis -- Zimmerman 's 911 call  pdf -- strong language Zimmerman claimed , according to a police report released earlier , that he 'd been "  assaulted  by Martin  and his head was struck on the pavement . " According to a report from the Sanford Fire Department , released Thursday , Zimmerman had "  abrasions to his forehead , " "  bleeding/tenderness to his nose " and a "  small laceration to the back of his head " when emergency personnel arrived at the scene at 7:27 p.m. , six minutes after they were first called . By that time , Martin had no apparent pulse , according to the fire and EMS report . Emergency personnel attempted resuscitation and chest compressions , to no avail . He was pronounced dead at 7:30 p.m. CNN 's Vivian Kuo and Danielle Dellorto and InSession 's Jessica Thill contributed to this report .	Woman said she heard "  little kid scared to death " Zimmerman "  looked like he had just gotten his butt whupped , " witness tells police Trayvon Martin 's girlfriend says he called out "  Get off , get off " before his death George Zimmerman is accused of second-degree murder in Martin 's death
CareerBuilder.com  -- You have a job , and it 's a good one at that . But something is missing . You are n't really challenged anymore . You 've been doing the same thing too long . Your company is n't likely to be promoting anyone soon because it has just gone through a major downsizing , merger or takeover . You have two choices : Quit and start over somewhere else , assuming there is somewhere else to go ; or look closer to home , right in your current company , to see what other ways your talents can be put to use . Getting out of your career rut requires a mental tow truck . Rev up your brain and consider these points : 1 . Adjust your pace . If you told a 500-meter sprinter who was 250 meters into the race that he was now going to be running a mile , what 's the first thing he 'd do ? Of course , he would change his tempo . He 'd stride differently , pace himself differently . The first thing any sensible employee does in a downsized company is to do the same . Realize the path between promotions may now be longer . The rules have changed in mid-race . Tear out your hair and curse the gods if you think it 'll help , but the worst thing you can do is make believe it did n't happen . 2 . Analyze your competition . More than ever , it 's important to know whom you 're up against for those few remaining slots . What are the other people doing ? What are they overlooking ? Is the next promotion slated to go to somebody outside the company to bring in "  fresh blood " and "  new perspectives " ? Analyze yourself , too . How marketable are you in the outside world ? Get to know your value and your options . 3 . Look for sideways growth . If you ca n't grow going up , can you build your credentials and experience through lateral moves that would teach you new skills ? If you 're dead-ended in programming , explore the prospects in marketing . There 's never been a company yet that did n't need more sales . Give yourself an alternative route . It 's a great way to improve your promotion odds long term . 4 . Study the corporate culture . Does the company favor a certain way of doing things ? Is there a corporate style ? When you study the way the winners do it and compare that to the way you do it , you may not like what you see , but you 'd better see it . 5 . Take a look at your personal risk factor . Sure , there are ways to move up faster , but before you leap , look at the risks involved . If your advancement opportunities are fewer , you may have to find ways to stand out from the rest of the pack . You may fall flat on your face trying , but are you willing to take the chance ? Do you have any bold new ideas to propose ? Will you take on projects that really stretch your abilities ? You can get yourself noticed , and you may get ahead in the process , but your risk of failure increases , too . I 'm for trying . Go the extra mile . It 's never crowded . You 'll fail some of the time . If you do n't , you 're not trying hard enough . If you want to be the leader of the pack , you have to be willing to stick your neck out in front of the others . Sometimes it 's risky not to take risks . 6 . Draw up your plan . Add up all the factors : pace , competition , long-term growth options , risk and the hard facts about advancement . Then put down your plan , in writing . 7 . Measure your results . If you can , share your plan with your boss , and then measure your own progress on a fixed schedule . If you still do n't seem to be going places , it 's time to tune up the résumé and look around for a new track to run on . It 's been said that the hardest part of climbing to the top of the ladder is getting through the crowd at the bottom . I would add that the first step is the hardest one to take . Mackay 's Moral : Get off your butt if you want to get out of the rut . Harvey Mackay is the author of "  Use Your Head to Get Your Foot in the Door : Job Search Secrets No One Else Will Tell You , " as well as the New York Times No. 1 bestsellers "  Swim With The Sharks Without Being Eaten Alive " and "  Beware the Naked Man Who Offers You His Shirt . " & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Best-selling author Harvey Mackay : Retrain your brain to get out of career rut Study your corporate culture and your competition Adjust your pace in changing times and consider going sideways for growth Draw up your plans for future and measure your growth
CNN  -- An aid worker with Samaritan 's Purse , a Christian aid organization , has been freed after 105 days in captivity in the Darfur region of western Sudan , a spokeswoman for the organization said Monday . Flavia Wagner , 35 , is "  exhausted but in good health , " the group said in a statement . News of the release came as three Russian pilots working for a Sudanese aviation company were abducted in the same region . The pilots were taken Sunday in Nyala , South Darfur 's capital , said Chris Cycmanick , spokesman for the African Union-United Nations Mission in Darfur . Twelve people have been abducted in Darfur this year , Cycmanick said , including Wagner . She was kidnapped May 18 , the U.S. Embassy in Khartoum said a day later . Two Sudanese colleagues were seized at the same time , Samaritan 's Purse said then . The abduction took place about 25 miles southwest of Nyala . The two Sudanese men were released May 25 , Samaritan 's Purse said . Samaritans 's Purse , founded by evangelist Franklin Graham , said it has provided $ 83.7 million in assistance to Sudan since 2001 . The group has 548 national and expatriate staff in Sudan , it says , adding that it "  provides immediate response to the physical and spiritual needs of individuals in crisis situations . " Darfur has been beset by conflict since 2003 after rebels began an uprising against the Sudanese government . To counter the rebels , Arab militias with ties to the Sudanese government went from village to village in Darfur , killing , torturing and raping residents there , according to the United Nations , Western governments and human rights organizations . The militias targeted civilian members of tribes from which the rebels drew strength . The United Nations estimates that 300,000 people have been killed in the conflict in Darfur , and 2.5 million have fled their homes . Sudan denies the death toll is that high . The International Criminal Court has issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , accusing him of war crimes and crimes against humanity -- charges he denies . CNN 's Alden Mahler Levine contributed to this report .	A Samaritan 's Purse employee is released after 105 days in captivity She is "  exhausted but in good health , " the Christian aid group says Three Russians were seized in the same area on Sunday
Geneva  CNN  -- Last week United States senators expressed dismay and outrage to learn that the uniforms for American Olympians were produced in China . But this is not new . For years unrestrained globalization has seen textile and clothing multinationals race to the bottom in the search for cheaper and cheaper production . The end of the Multi Fiber trade agreement saw the volume of textile imports to the U.S. from China more than double from 2004 to 2011 . The phasing out of quota arrangements has led to the loss of millions of textile and garment jobs in industrialized and developing countries alike . For example , in 1980 West Germany had 4,055 textile and clothing manufacturers . Now , Germany as a whole has only 690 . As it is cheaper to manufacture in countries that do not enforce international labour standards or pay workers a living wage , textiles and apparel are most often sourced from low wage countries such as China , India and Vietnam . Developing countries need jobs for their growing populations , but they have to be good jobs , without exploitation by companies from the industrialized world . USOC : It 's too late to remake Team USA uniforms for London Games Like with Ralph Lauren for the U.S. Olympic team , a $ 156 million deal with Adidas makes the company a key sponsor of the London 2012 Olympics . The company is providing sportswear for the British Olympic and Paralympic Associations , and owns exclusive licensing rights for all sportswear sold at London 2012 venues and stores . Like Ralph Lauren , Adidas is not manufacturing the majority of its products in the UK , or even in Europe , but is sourcing its Olympic apparel from a range of low wage countries including China , Cambodia , India , Indonesia , Pakistan , the Philippines , Vietnam and Sri Lanka . What 's really ` Made in America ' A worldwide alliance of trade unions and NGOs established the Play Fair Campaign in 2003 to demand that the Olympic principles of fairness and respect are extended to workers producing Olympic goods . In May this year the Play Fair campaign published a report on Olympic supplier plants in China , the Philippines and Sri Lanka that found the working conditions fell far short of the expectations of the London 2012 organizing committee  LOCOG  . Far from being paid a wage sufficient to meet basic needs and provide some discretionary income -- a requirement for all London 2012 suppliers -- workers were receiving poverty wages . Half of the workers that spoke with the researchers in the Philippines told us they rely on "  pay day loans " to get through the month , despite working more than 60 hours a week during busy periods . In Sri Lanka workers earned as little as $ 79 per month , and estimated this was only about one quarter of a living wage . Play Fair demands that multinational companies do more than pay lip service to human rights : they need to pay prices that enable suppliers to pay a living wage , they need to make sure that factories have the capacity to meet deadlines without requiring exploitatively long working hours , and they need to go beyond audits and engage workers and their unions in efforts to truly understand what conditions in supplier factories are like . Everyone wants to be proud of the Olympic athletes representing their country and not squirm in their seats when thinking of how the clothing the teams are wearing was produced . It is not right that workers in Indonesian footwear factories produce dozens of trainers each day , yet it would cost their entire monthly wage of $ 102 if they were to buy a single pair . From our readers : U.S. Olympians should go naked With labor costing as little as 50 cents in the manufacture of a $ 100 sports shoe in China or Vietnam , paying a living wage would have a negligible impact on retail price . As consumers we need to tell multinational companies and governments loud and clear that we are willing to pay the price for decent conditions of work . Alternative view : Why NOT make Olympic uniforms in China ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Jyrki Raina .	Senators outraged to learn that uniforms for U.S. Olympians made in China Phasing out of quota arrangements has led to loss of millions of textile jobs in U.S. Jyrki Raina says textile companies must pay prices so suppliers can pay living wage He says consumers must make clear they will pay price for decent conditions of work
CNN  -- In typically collected fashion , Formula One 's triple world champion Sebastian Vettel is taking each race as it comes . The unflappable Red Bull driver could become only the third driver to win four consecutive championships at this weekend 's Japanese Grand Prix -- following in the footsteps of legendary drivers Michael Schumacher and Juan Manuel Fangio . But like any great champion , the German is concentrating on the next grand prix . "  I 'm not really focusing on the title , I 'm trying to focus on the race , " the 26-year-old , who is bidding for a fifth consecutive grand prix win at the Suzuka Circuit , told CNN in Yokohama . "  We have a fantastic car , we are in great shape . We have to enjoy that and try our best . " In order for Vettel to be crowned champion this weekend he must take the checkered flag and hope Ferrari 's Fernando Alonso -- his nearest rival -- finishes no higher than ninth . Vettel recently suggested the superiority he enjoys over two-time world champion Alonso could be the reason why he has been booed on the podium at a number of races during the 2013 season . His popularity among fans was also dented earlier this year , when he ignored team orders to pass teammate Mark Webber and win March 's Malaysian Grand Prix . While he admits that the booing is disappointing , Vettel attributes it to sporting rivalry rather than a particular dislike for him or his all-conquering Red Bull team . "  It 's not nice for sure , " he said . "  But it 's sport , there is no deep meaning behind it . People do n't think . Somebody starts , some people join , others do n't . It 's not a big deal . " Vettel will get a lift this weekend when he takes to the track at Suzuka , one of his favorite circuits on the F1 calendar . "  It 's one of the best tracks in the world , " he explained , "  with all the fast corners , I always enjoy it a lot . "	Sebastian Vettel refuses to be distracted by thoughts of a fourth world title The Red Bull driver can wrap up the F1 championship at Sunday 's Japanese GP Vettel admits being booed by spectators throughout 2013 has been unpleasant The German lauds Suzuka Circuit as "  one of the best tracks in the world "
CNN  -- A woman whose body was found in the crawl space of an Oregon home -- the mother of a newborn who also died -- died from "  homicidal violence , " the state 's deputy medical examiner said Monday . Police released a photo of Korena Roberts , who is charged with murder . An autopsy showed causes of 21-year-old Heather Snively 's death included blunt-force trauma and "  sharp-force injuries , " Dr. Christopher Young said . Sharp-force injuries mean cut or stab wounds . Young said additional information will not be released until test results are received . Korena Roberts , 28 , is charged with murder in Snively 's death . She was scheduled to appear in court Monday afternoon . Medics received a call Friday from Roberts ' Washington County , Oregon , home of a newborn in distress , authorities said . When they arrived , they found Roberts ' boyfriend trying to revive the baby boy . Roberts told deputies the baby was hers , according to the county sheriff 's office . Roberts and the baby were taken to a hospital after medics noticed a lot of blood at the home , officials said . "  Doctors at the hospital could not revive the baby , " said sheriff 's Sgt. David Thompson . "  They also discovered that Ms. Roberts had not delivered the baby at any time in the recent past . " Deputies returned to the home and found Snively 's body in a crawl space beneath the kitchen . Police said she had been pregnant ; authorities determined she was the baby 's mother . "  At this time , it has not been determined if -LSB- Snively -RSB- died because of head wounds she received or as a result of cutting injuries she received to her abdomen , " said a Monday statement from the Washington County , Oregon , Sheriff 's Office . "  The autopsy determined that Ms. Snively 's son was removed from her womb after she had been cut open . " Additional testing is needed to determine whether the infant died before or after he was removed from Snively 's body , the statement said . Roberts had been telling friends and family for months that she was pregnant , police said , and had told many of those people , including her live-in boyfriend , that she was carrying twins . Young said an autopsy was completed on the baby , but he would not release information Monday . Authorities said Sunday the outcome of the autopsy could result in another murder charge against Roberts . Heidi Kidd , Snively 's mother , told CNN affiliate KPTV that her daughter met Roberts on Craigslist , a classified ads Web site , and the two were to exchange baby clothes . Residents in Roberts ' neighborhood told KPTV that she had told them she was expecting a child . "  She did n't appear to be pregnant to us , " neighbor Doug King told the station . Police think Roberts may have had contact with numerous pregnant women in the Portland , Oregon , metropolitan area , the statement said , and police ask anyone who has had contact with her , either in person or over the Internet , to call the Washington County Sheriff 's Office . Roberts ' boyfriend is cooperating with police , and has not been charged in the case , authorities said . Washington County is about 30 miles west of Portland , Oregon . CNN 's Chuck Johnston and Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	NEW : Heather Snively 's baby was cut from her stomach , authorities say Korena Roberts , 28 , is charged with murder in Snively 's death Cops find Snively 's body in Roberts ' crawl space Police called to Roberts ' house for report of baby in distress ; baby could n't be saved
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- The United Nations is desperately trying to convince donors to get generous with their pocketbooks in order to stave off further suffering in the famine-wracked Horn of Africa . The global body said almost $ 2.5 billion is needed to cope with the crisis . So far , it has only received 48 % of that and is lacking $ 1.2 billion . For Somalia , where the United Nations has declared famine in five southern regions , the United Nations has received about half of the roughly $ 1 billion needed . "  There 's been an initial response but it needs to be sustained and we are still far short of the $ 1 billion target that we set ourselves with some very worrying gaps , " said Mark Bowden , the U.N. coordinator for Somalia . Impact Your World : How you can help Bowden said the United Nations will have to go back to donors and ask for more food . But the health sector is also an area of concern . "  What happens during famine is that people die of epidemic diseases like measles and malaria ... and if we ca n't support health activities then we will lose a lot of lives unnecessarily . " "  We 're worried that people are going to die in the next month or so and inevitably more areas will slip in to famine conditions , " he said . The situation is particularly grave in southern Somalia , where almost 3 million people are in need of immediate assistance . In Mogadishu , U.N. agencies are assessing their ability to scale up operations after the militant Islamic group Al-Shabaab announced a withdrawal from the war-torn capital . But U.N. officials have said it is too early to gauge the consequences of the Al-Shabaab pullout . Aid continues to reach Mogadishu by sea and air , but supplies are low . In Al-Shabaab 's absence , more Somalis have found the courage to defy the group 's ban on foreign aid and seek refuge in government held areas . Saacid , a local aid group that runs a children 's feeding center , fed 18,000 children last month . This month , it 's expecting to see 25,000 children . At Banadiir Hospital , which houses Somalia 's largest children 's ward , the doctors work without electricity or running water . They are even running out of the saline drips used to rehydrate the malnourished . Luwal Mohamed , the doctor in charge , said supplies are so scant that it 's easier to count what the hospital has rather than what it does n't . "  The supplies that are missing is the essential equipment for lifesaving like oxygen machines , monitoring , blood pressure measurements , stethoscopes , " Mohamed said . The United States announced Thursday an additional $ 17 million for the crisis , with $ 12 million designated for Somalia . The U.S. money is on top of the $ 105 million in emergency funding President Barack Obama announced Monday . "  What is happening in the Horn of Africa is the most severe humanitarian emergency in the world today and the worst that East Africa has seen in several decades , " said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . Meanwhile , the Somali Football Federation lauded a $ 1 million donation from the governing body of international soccer . "  The FIFA humanitarian response shows that the world football governing body is not only confined to promoting football development in the lawless country , but also FIFA is playing a very big role in saving the vulnerable Somalis including some displaced by wars and draughts and some disabled by the long-exciting civil strife in the country , " said a statement from the Somali federation . The United Nations expects the Horn of Africa emergency to persist for several months and the number of people needing help to go up by 25 % . CNN 's Nima Elbagir reported from Mogadishu and Moni Basu reported from Atlanta .	The United Nations has received 48 % of what it needs for Africa crisis The global body has deep concerns that many more people will die The shortages of food and medical supplies are acute in Mogadishu The U.S. pledges $ 17 million more for the crisis
You 'll be seeing a lot less of Melissa McCarthy . The zaftig actress recently stepped out looking noticeably more svelte than she has in the past . The "  Mike & Molly " star reportedly has been following a high protein , low carb diet and has lost about 45 pounds . McCarthy previously told People magazine that while she 's been aware of the criticism about her weight , she 's "  never felt like I needed to change . " "  I 've always thought , ` If you want somebody different , pick somebody else , ' " she said of her career in Hollywood as a Rubenesque actress . That includes coping with things like being referred to as "  America 's plus-size sweetheart . " "  It 's like I 'm managing to achieve all this success in spite of my affliction , " McCarthy said at the time . "  Would you ever put that in the headline for a male star ? " Share your ` a-ha ' weight loss moment She 's also spoken out about wanting to maintain a healthy lifestyle and body image for her two young daughters .	Melissa McCarthy has reportedly lost 45 pounds The "  Mike & Molly " star said she 's aware of criticism about her weight Reports say McCarthy is following a high-protein , low-carb diet
London  CNN  -- After centuries buried beneath the Vatican , and decades hidden away inside the Holy See , the bones of a man long believed to be St. Peter , one of the founding fathers of the Christian church , are on display for the first time . The controversial remains were revealed to the public on Sunday at a mass in St Peter 's Square marking the conclusion of the Catholic church 's "  Year of Faith . " Writing in L'Osservatore Romano , the semi-official Vatican newspaper , Archbishop Rino Fisichella said the "  relics which tradition recognizes as those of the apostle who gave his life for the Lord " would be exhibited as part of the service . L'Osservatore Romano reports that 8.5 million pilgrims have venerated the relics over the course of the year . But whether the bones , normally kept in an urn housed in the private chapel of the Pope 's own Vatican apartments , really are those of St. Peter , the fisherman-turned-disciple who became the first pope , is open to question . Tradition has it that St. Peter was martyred -- by being crucified , upside down -- in Rome in A.D. 64 . before being buried in the city . In his book "  The Vatican Diaries , " John Thavis wrote that "  St. Peter 's tomb in the cemetery on the Vatican Hill became ... a popular pilgrimage site , " prompting the emperor Constantine to build a basilica in his honor in the 4th century . The remains which will be revealed on Sunday were among those discovered during an archaeological dig begun on the site in 1939 ; in 1968 the then pope , Paul VI , declared that they had been identified "  in a manner which we believe convincing . " But with no DNA evidence to conclusively prove their identity , whether they belong to St. Peter is likely to remain an enduring mystery . CNN 's Vatican analyst John Allen says that like so much concerning religion , the belief that the bones are those of the disciple comes down to faith . "  Like other famous relics , such as the Shroud of Turin or the Belt of Mary , they evoke awe and devotion regardless of their actual provenance , " Allen writes in an Op-Ed for CNN . "  Faith , as the Bible puts it , lies in ` the evidence of things not seen . ' " Read more : The bones of Peter and the eyes of faith Read more : Would the Mafia target Pope Francis ? Read more : New , popular pope , but same old church ? Read more : Pope embraces severely disfigured man	Bones believed to be those of St. Peter to be displayed in public for the first time Remains were found during an archaeological dig at the Vatican in the 1940s They will be shown during celebrations to mark the end of Catholic church 's "  Year of Faith " St. Peter was the leader of the early Christian church , and the first Roman Catholic pope
Tehran , Iran  CNN  -- From bakery to barber shop , cafe to carpet store , Iranians stroll their capital with a renewed step , uplifted by how their newly elected president seeks something remarkable after decades of cold war-like relations between their country and the West . Iran wants to talk . With the United States . With Europe . With everyone who 's been skeptical of the country . And Iran is willing to discuss its nuclear program , President Hassan Rouhani says . "  I just feel it . It 's not like I 've seen anything , but I feel it , " said retiree Syed Ali Akbar . "  It 's the best thing to do . We 've been hurting ourselves for years . " International economic sanctions against Iran have strained day-to-day living in Iran , making essential goods such as medicine expensive and hard to come by . That punishment has taken a toll . "  The sanctions have hurt us . Prices have gone up . There are things you ca n't find , " said Hossein Mohamadi at the Barbari Bread Shop . To many Iranians , Rouhani seems to be really advancing the "  hope and prudence " slogan he used during his successful campaign to become president in June , posturing as a centrist and reformer against hardline conservatives that characterized previous president Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . Rouhani had been Iran 's national security council chief and its lead nuclear negotiator . "  With Mr. Rouhani here , we 've become more hopeful that things will improve , " Mohamadi said . Ramin Atouri , 28 , is a part of the young generation to whom Rouhani appealed in his stump speeches . Atouri dislikes political isolation and applauds diplomacy . "  Everything is solved through friendship . War and sanctions and conflict never solve anything , " Atouri said . One day , U.S. and Iranian president might shake hands A new sense of optimism Without doubt , the long years of hostility between Iran and the United States leave many Iranians wary and distrustful of Western countries . Those feelings endure and were captured by an open microphone that CNN set up Wednesday on a busy street in Tajrish Square , inviting passers-by to send a personal sound bite around the world . "  I say hello to all America , " said one woman named Zahra . "  Your behavior is not very good . Your politics is about war and it 's terrifying ... . Do n't create so many restrictions for us . Do n't impose on us so many sanctions . Let us make progress . " In general , however , there 's a whiff of euphoria for the first time in many people 's memory . That was also expressed at the open mike . "  America is a great county and we want to have good relations with America , and our government is working to make that happen , " said Reza , who did n't give her last name . "  We hope American politicians understand the circumstances , and through positive talks we can thaw this relationship that has been frozen for 35 years , so we can live side by side as friends . " A Tehran-based author and political analyst also sensed change in the air . "  So far he has done more than we expected , " Sadegh Zibakalam said about the new president . "  Ever since the elections , there is a mood of optimism . There is a mood of hope . Wherever you go in Iran , you can see people happier . " Zibakalam went so far as to say Iran 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , also has altered his rhetoric , joining the prevailing hopefulness . "  I can not fail to detect some changes with regard to the attitude of the supreme leader ever since the elections , " Zibakalam said . Wherever Iranians gathered and did business , they spoke to how new ground was being broken -- and whether they believed it was for real . At a carpet store , Sadegh Kiyaei , 50 , believed a new day was dawning . "  He 's the hope of the future of Iranians , especially the way he 's talking to the world and especially to America , " Kiyaei said of the new president . "  We believe the two nations -- Iran and America -- they believe they need each other and like each other . They feel it 's the right time to get together and start talking at least . " One mother , however , did n't endorse that sentiment . She is going to press ahead with her efforts to leave Iran . If there 's a better future for her and her son , it 's outside Iran , she said . "  In my view , I do n't think you can get anywhere here in Iran , " said the mother , Khoshvakht , who declined to give her last name . "  I have n't lost hope . I just do n't think anything has changed . I 'm just not that optimistic . " Her son , Omid , did n't like her mother 's plan to leave . "  I want to stay , " he said . "  My friends are here . " Rouhani calls for ` constructive ' dialogue , end to ` unhealthy ' rivalries Wishing for an easier life At the open microphone , several speakers did n't need prompting to broach perhaps the biggest subject on the international community 's mind -- whether Iran is building nuclear weapons . Iran says its controversial atomic program is for peaceful energy purposes . But several Western countries want Iran to fully comply with a United Nations agency 's inspectors looking into whether the nuclear development is to build a bomb . "  Hi , America , " said one man named Mohsen . "  As far as I 'm concerned , I do n't think they 're making bombs . " Then , he added , "  With all the sanctions they put on us , it 's like putting a gun on someone 's head . "  You respect our civil rights and we 'll respect yours . It 's just humanity , " he concluded . Hassan Ahmadi has been a barber for 30 years and has three kids . He wants affordable medicine for his family . "  There 's been a lot of tough times and rising costs , " Ahmadi said . "  One hundred percent , I want to see better relations , so we can live a little easier . "  I 'm hopeful that change will happen so we can escape all the worry , " he added . Those who held contrary opinions were equally effusive . "  I do n't have hope because I do n't think Rouhani is everything in Iran . He still has someone over the top of him , " said Ali Ahadi at a newspaper stand . That superior is the ayatollah . A coffee shop owner agreed . "  The final decider is the supreme leader . Maybe if things change , then he 'll change his mind . So in the end , I 'm not optimistic , " proprietor Amin , who declined to give his last name . "  We just want to live in peace . That 's my only wish -- to live in peace . " Perhaps the most commonly shared view on Tehran streets was rejection of how Western leaders harshly characterize the country . "  I know they call us terrorists , but you show me which one of us is terrorists ? " Ahadi said at the newsstand . "  Iranians are  hospitable  and kind and honest . " Rouhani brings ` charm offensive ' to U.N. CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report from Tehran . Michael Martinez wrote from Los Angeles .	Throughout the capital , Iranians sense a new future in the air ` It 's not like I 've seen anything , but I feel it , ' one retiree says The new president 's outreach to Western countries resonates Optimists express themselves at a CNN open microphone in Tehran , but so do pessimists
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Two South Korean presidential candidates have decided to join forces in an effort to challenge the conservative front-runner in a move that could be a game-changer for the election next month . The election will determine who will lead South Korea , a key U.S. ally in Asia , for the next five years amid long-running tensions with the unpredictable , nuclear-armed North . In a closed-door meeting Tuesday , the two left-leaning presidential hopefuls , Moon Jae-in of the Democratic United Party  DUP  and Ahn Cheol-soo , a professor and former software mogul , agreed to field one candidate between them , according to a statement from the DUP . But a decision on which of the two will run against Park Geun-hye , the candidate for the governing Saenuri Party , has n't been decided yet , the DUP said . Candidates must register before the end of November . Read more : South Korea 's ruling party taps Park for presidential bid Park 's party called the move by her opponents a "  show meant to confuse voters . " The current South Korean president , Lee Myung-bak of the Saenuri Party , is prevented by the constitution from running for another term . All three candidates are expected to pursue a more conciliatory line toward North Korea than Lee , who took an uncompromising approach to dealings with Pyongyang . Popular among conservative voters , Park has said she aims to focus on welfare policies . If elected , she would become the country 's first-ever female president . Read more : North Korea uses "  Gangnam Style " to taunt Park Geun-hye She is a daughter of former president Park Chung-hee , who stirs mixed feelings among South Koreans . Some claim he was a dictator who stifled opposition while others credit him with overseeing a key phase of South Korea 's economic development . He was shot and killed by his intelligence chief in 1979 . Ahn , who founded an anti-virus software company , has gained popularity for his criticism of the large South Korean conglomerates , known as "  chaebols . " He has argued that the nation 's economy is dominated by a few rich individuals . He is a professor at South Korea 's prestigious Seoul National University and a former medical doctor . Moon , a close ally of late president Roh Moo-hyun , is a former human-rights lawyer who was jailed in the 1970s by Park 's father . Read more : South Korea 's ruling party holds on to parliament With 43 days to go until the election , Park is ahead in polls . She had an approval rating of 42.1 % , followed by Ahn and Moon who rated 27.4 % and 24.1 % respectively , according to a poll conducted Tuesday by the research firm Realmeter . About 1,500 people participated in the phone survey , according to the company .	The South Korean presidential election is due to take place next month A former human rights lawyer and an ex-software mogul agree to team up They aim to take on the governing Saenuri Party 's candidate
CNN  -- The United Nations has just appointed a new human rights chief -- its first to come from the Arab and Muslim world . The U.N. General Assembly approved Monday the appointment of Prince Zeid Ra'ad Zeid al-Hussein of Jordan as the new commissioner for human rights , according to a news release from the organization . Zeid currently serves as Jordan 's permanent representative to the U.N. . He called his appointment a sign of the international community 's commitment toward human rights in the Middle East , "  as well as in other regions of the world . " Zeid 's appointment comes amid rising tensions in the Middle East , with Islamic militants making quick strides in Iraq and ongoing sectarian violence in Syria . In the past , he 's been vocal about his country 's refugee problem stemming from the crisis in Syria . He was also instrumental in the U.N. 's establishment of an International Criminal Court . "  My supportive wife told me to enjoy this moment , to soak it all up . After all , she said , you are among friends who you 've known for a very long time , " Zeid said after representatives ' applause following his appointment . "  Because when you start this job , she added , you may not have them for very long . " Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon appointed Zeid earlier this month to replace Navi Pillay of South Africa , who has spoken on many issues , including Syria and the recent crisis in Ukraine . Her predecessors have been from Ecuador , Ireland , Brazil , and Canada .	Prince Zeid of Jordan chosen as new human rights chief He is succeeding Navi Pillay of South Africa , who 's served in the role since 2008 He is the first representative from the Arab world to ever serve in the role
CNN  -- In the marshland just south of the seaside-resort of Anaklia in Western Georgia , the air is often filled with birdsong and the croak of tiny frogs . But added to nature 's chorus is the sound of construction , something difficult to escape along Georgia 's Black Sea Coast . Anaklia is still being built and the marshlands are being drained to make way for new five-star hotels . A new railway and airport are planned as the government aims to bring back the tourists who used to come to Anaklia during Soviet times . But there are bigger plans than that . Georgia 's president Mikheil Saakashvili wants to build a whole new city called Lazika . The promotional video for it presents an impression of futuristic skyscrapers , golf courses and high-end luxury for the entrepreneurs who will make this city their home . Lazika will be a new port on Georgia 's Black Sea coast and a special economic zone where businesses can operate under UK law . Rather than attract businesses to established cities the government feels it 's easier to start from scratch . "  If we want to be exceptional and if we want to create this hub economy , a place for the rest of the world to come and invest in Georgia , then we have to be creative , " says Vera Kobalia , Georgia 's 28-year-old economy minister . "  And Lazika is being very creative . " And all this in five years , according to Iva Davitaia who admits that there are currently no international investors in the project "  but we do have international interest . " Many local residents are enthusiastic as Lazika would mean jobs for a community that struggles to make a living through agriculture . But just 20 kilometers  12 miles  south is Poti , Georgia 's main port that others believe should be revived before a new city is built . Currently the area is sparsely populated and Georgia has a population of around 4.5 million , begging the question ` Where will the 500,000 future Lazika residents come from ? ' President Saakashvili is a man who operates at breakneck speed and is quick to defend Lazika . "  We are looking for a new destination not for the sake of spending lots of money like some other governments have done just to show off , " he says . "  We only look at it as a way to generate more income , more goods , more services . " Saakashvili it seems is a man who thrives on projects and it 's easy to imagine some falling by the wayside , although the country has been transformed since he came to power in 2003 . The Black Sea resort of Batumi has turned from a warlord 's paradise into a bustling tourist town where Donald Trump is the latest to invest and the country 's parliament building has been moved from its traditional home in the capital Tbilisi to a futuristic new government building in Kutaisi Yet behind the construction boom Georgia 's economic fundamentals remain difficult . Unemployment hovers at 16 % and poverty is still widespread . Projects like Lazika sound wonderful but it may have to be seen to be believed . CNN 's Eye On series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports	Plans to build city for 500,000 on marshland in Georgia Called Lazika , government wants it to be economic hub for the region Country 's economic climate remains difficult with 16 % unemployment City proposed to be special economic zone and operate under UK law
Washington  CNN  -- Transgender groups are applauding a court ruling in favor of a Georgia woman who sued after claiming she was fired from her state position because of a sex change . A federal appeals court in Atlanta concluded transgender workers are protected under the Constitution . Vandiver Elizabeth Glenn was a legislative editor in the Georgia General Assembly "  The question here is whether discriminating against someone on the basis of his or her gender non-conformity constitutes sex-based discrimination under the Equal Protection Clause , " said the three-judge panel . "  We hold that it does . " The 19-page ruling came last week , not long after the court heard oral arguments in Atlanta , a very fast turnaround in such an appeal . Glenn -- who was once known as Glenn Morrision -- alleged she was told she was let go because her 2005 decision to transition from male to female would be viewed as "  immoral " by state lawmakers . Her boss also objected to Glenn showing up at an office Halloween party dressed as a woman , and asked Glenn to leave . A federal judge later concluded Glenn 's supervisor believed the gender reassignment was inappropriate , disruptive and would make her co-workers uncomfortable . The judge , when ruling for Glenn , had said she could return to work , but delayed that until the appeals court ruled . Monday 's decision means she could be back on the job within days . State attorneys had argued no discrimination laws were broken since protections extended to certain classes of individuals did not include transgender employees . The appeals panel said the reasons cited by the state in its defense were not acceptable . "  An individual can not be punished because of his or her perceived gender non-conformity , " said the ruling . "  Because these protections are afforded to everyone , they can not be denied to a transgender individual . " The court added , "  For example , courts have held that plaintiffs can not be discriminated against for wearing jewelry that was considered too effeminate , carrying a serving tray too gracefully , or taking too active a role in child-rearing . " Among the judges who supported the woman , who now goes by Vandy Beth Glenn , was William Pryor , one of the most conservative federal appeals judges . He was named to the court by President George W. Bush in 2005 . The state has the option of appealing to the Supreme Court for review . The case is Glenn v. Brumby  10-14833  .	Transgender workers are protected under the Constitution , a judicial panel rules "  Gender non-conformity ... protections are afforded to everyone , " the ruling says Vandy Beth Glenn says she was told her change would be viewed as "  immoral "
WESTERPLATTE , Poland  CNN  -- On a sand swept stretch of Afghanistan , a high-ranking Polish general put his country 's mission there into perspective . The repurcussions of World War II lasted decades for Poland . He explained to a NATO delegation that Polish troops remind Afghan locals of two things about the mission : They are not Soviets and they know how difficult it is to live under foreign occupation . It is hard to ignore the incomparable price Poland paid during World War II . It was attacked by Germany , invaded by the Soviets , and became home to the notorious Nazi concentration camp Auschwitz . After six brutal years , Poles were the victors in war but losers in peace , living for four decades under Soviet repression . Many here will tell you they still have not come to terms with their fate after the war . Seven decades after the start of World War II , the conflict still defines Polish identity and history . September 1 , 2009 in Westerplatte , Poland turned out to be a blue sky day even as dignitaries and notably the leaders of Poland , Russia and Germany turned out to remember the dark horrors that so changed their histories . The leaders laid wreaths to honor the ` Defenders of Westerplatte ' , the men who died in the battle that started it all . It was here at this strategic port on the Baltic Sea , Danzig , now Gdansk , that Nazi Germany 's surprise attack on Poland triggered six years of bloodletting , a savage Holocaust and the death of more than 50 million people . The Polish Prime Minister , Donald Tusk , called it a war against humanity itself . Tusk also answered critics who felt his country and the world should now move on from World War II . He warned that if anniversaries are not marked and ceremonies not planned , there may be nothing to shield us from the brutality of future wars . But still today the events of the last 70 years have left their mark and fueled some modern day controversies . Send us your war stories Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin tried to appeal directly to the people of Poland in an open letter . He reminded them that at least 27 million Russians died in the conflict but also warned against equating the Soviet Union 's role in World War II with the menace of Hitler 's Nazism . " . . exploiting memory , anatomizing history and seeking pretexts for mutual complaints and resentment causes a lot of harm . " wrote Putin . He backed that up with public comments saying , "  If we talk about an objective assessment of history , we should understand that it had no one color . It was varied and there were huge number of mistakes committed by many sides . All these actions , in one way or another , created conditions for the beginning of a large-scale aggression by Nazi Germany . " Putin was at the heart of a tug-of-war over the war . Some Poles say Stalin was as evil and complicit as Hitler during the war . Russians say that callously overlooks the sacrifice of Russians in defeating Nazism and liberating Europe . In fact , it took German Chancellor Angela Merkel to put their achievement in perspective . She said that a unified , peaceful Europe was a blessing and indeed a miracle .	Poland helped win the war but lost the peace It was invaded by Germany but put under Soviet influence after the war 70 years from the start of WWII , the war still defines Polish identity and history Polish military says its history helps its work in Afghanistan
MOGADISHU , Somalia  CNN  -- Chaos and death on the streets of Mogadishu : unfortunately , it 's nothing new in the Somali capital . Casualties are taken into Mogadishu 's hospital on stretchers . Government forces are fighting against insurgents on this day in September in a bloody battle that leaves 30 dead . Dozens of wounded Somalis are taken out of the danger zone , some of them in the back of insurgents ' pick-up trucks . One of the trucks races through the streets , zig-zagging to the echoing booms of the ongoing shelling . The truck comes to an abrupt halt , stopping at a rare sight in the Somali capital -- an ambulance , waiting at the heart of the chaos to ferry the dead and the injured to the hospital . The wounded are transferred onto the ambulance . People shout and run as the mortar attacks continue . One woman screams over and over for her son . The ambulance is one of seven medical vehicles paid for with donated funds from local and expatriate Somalis . Residents can simply call for the ambulances without charge , and the vehicles will be dispatched to the scene . "  It is amazing , " said Rufai Salad , one of the founders of the ambulance service in the Somali capital . "  We have this toll-free number , 777 , that you dial . Someone is giving you a free call and then coming and giving you free help . "  People here find it hard to believe it is real . " Life Line Africa , a local Somali charity , started its ambulance service in Mogadishu in December , bringing a small amount of order to the lawless country that is in the midst of a brutal Islamist insurgency . Apart from the short-lived rule of the Islamic Courts Union in 2006 , there has been no genuine central authority in Somalia since the collapse of Mohamed Siad Barre 's repressive regime in 1991 . Now , the United States and other Western powers are propping the U.N.-backed transitional government forces in their attempt to fend off the insurgency , particularly Al-Shabaab -- a Somali militant group that has ties to al Qaeda . Watch Nima Elbagir 's report on the humanitarian crisis in Somalia " Basic amenities in Somalia , like electricity , water and sanitation - and even luxuries such as wireless Internet facilities -- are provided by enterprising businessman , which is partly how the ambulance service came to life . In the Somali equivalent of a public-private partnership , clan elders and local businessman donated the money to fund the ambulance service , helping fulfill a crucial need . The ambulance drivers are well compensated , earning about U.S. $ 200 a month in a country where the average yearly income is $ 130 , according to the United Nations . Life Line Africa 's monthly budget for its Mogadishu ambulance service is $ 3,200 , including fuel , running costs and the salaries of the 10 drivers . They hope to increase their driving staff to 14 . Salad , 24 , is an information technology officer for the Somali president 's office , but volunteers his time to help keep Life Line Africa running . His enthusiasm about the ambulance service obscures the very real danger he and his drivers face . Part of the problem , he explains , is trying to stay neutral in a war zone . "  We did have one driver killed by Al-Shabaab , " he admits . "  They told us that it was because we were carrying government soldiers to hospital . But I said to them that this is what we do - we are working for all of you . " And it 's not just the insurgents that Salad and his drivers fear . "  We had to take the body of a Syrian ship captain who had been killed by pirates to the airport , " he said . "  The government and African Union soldiers opened fire on the ambulance . We were later told they 'd received information that the insurgency was planning on using an ambulance to stage a suicide attack . " "  But what can you do ? " he asks . "  Our driver ran away and then later was allowed to come back for his ambulance . " Salad says the relatively high pay is not the real reason his drivers are willing to take the risks they do . "  If you go to the area of the fighting then the combatants -LSB- from both sides -RSB- say ` You must carry us to the hospital or we will kill you , ' " he says . "  It is so dangerous but when we see the problems of the people , we 're trying to find a way somehow , to keep on working . "	Volunteer ambulance service ferries wounded civilians and fighters to the hospital Drivers face problems from both sides of the conflict in the capital , Mogadishu Ambulance drivers earn $ 200 a month ; national average annual salary is $ 130 U.N.-backed transitional government forces are fighting Islamist insurgents
San Francisco , California  CNN  -- Stopping short of directly addressing intensifying speculation about a PlayStation phone , Sony 's Peter Dille acknowledged that its portable game system could be due for a change soon . Dille , the senior vice president of marketing at Sony Computer Entertainment of America , was asked about the so-called PlayStation Phone , which was first reported by Engadget , in a fireside chat Wednesday at a conference in San Francisco . Refusing to confirm or deny rumors , Dille did say the lack of a cellular data connection could be holding back Sony 's PlayStation Portable game system . "  The PSP is a Wi-Fi device , " he said . "  People are used to having always-connected devices . " Sony 's home game consoles have had life spans of 10 years each , and the PlayStation 3 will continue to be supported for at least that long , Dille said . But "  the portable market moves so fast , " he said . At six years , the PSP may be looking dry . Indeed , Sony has had to reverse its marketing strategy to target younger gamers for that system , Dille said . Now , the PSP is having to compete with more fully featured hand-held game systems that can also make calls , send text messages and provide a window to thousands of games and apps . Apple chief Steve Jobs has boasted in news conferences , saying the iPod Touch and iPhone have become the hand-held gaming leaders . The company recently launched a social networking hub called Game Center . However , Dille said Sony has competitors , like Apple 's iPhone and Google 's Android , beat for the attention of serious gamers . PSP 's focus is on long , immersive entertainment , not five-minute battles between meetings . "  These are largely time-killers , " Dille said of smartphone games . "  Gamers are n't satisfied with that . " Whether Sony sees Android 's gaming marketplace as a competitor or potential partner , Dille declined to comment . Engadget reported that Android could power the rumored PlayStation Phone . A spokeswoman present during a CNN interview with Dille after the onstage chat said , "  We have relationships with Google . " The PSP can already do more than just gaming , Dille said . It has applications for watching movies , making calls over Skype and limited Web browsing . But many of those functions are limited by whether you have Wi-Fi access . Plus , it 's not a phone , so you need to carry multiple gadgets . But that could be a selling point , said Dille . "  Consumers like different boxes , " he said . Sony 's goal for the PlayStation Network -- the online component for gaming and downloading video of which Dille is also the senior vice president -- is to be an entertainment centerpiece and be always accessible . The current PSP does n't quite fulfill that vision . "  I do n't think we fully realize that vision with a Wi-Fi device , " Dille told CNN . "  If it 's not connected -LSB- to a cell network -RSB- then it does sort of limit people . "	A Sony executive declined to address rumors about the PlayStation Phone He indicated that the PlayStation Portable system could be due for a change Specifically , only connecting to the internet via Wi-Fi can be limiting , he said
CNN  -- Call it "  big snotty . " It is a giant 5-foot diameter new species of jellyfish that slimed a beach in Australia last month , much to the delight of Lisa-ann Gershwin , a scientist at Australia 's Commonwealth Scientific and Industrial Research Organization . "  I 'm just rapt by it , honestly . It 's such an amazing find , " Gershwin told the Sydney Morning Herald . The creature was found on the southern Australian island of Tasmania by a family collecting shells , according to news reports . "  We were at the beach looking for shells and dad was like ` Whoa ! Look at that ' ... I kind of touched it . . it was pretty cool , " said Xavier Lim , 12 , according to a report from the Australian Broadcasting Corporation . Gershwin said the milky white creatures with pink in the middle have not been classified by science , but they 've been spotted before . Recently , however , they 've been turning up more in the waters off Tasmania . "  All of a sudden I started getting all these calls , and all these people sending me photographs . Sure enough this thing is an absolute menace this season ; it 's been around in large numbers , " Gershwin told the Herald . They are not deadly to humans though . "  If you touched it or whacked into when you were swimming it is very painful , " Australian Broadcasting quoted her as saying . "  It 's not life-threatening , but it will sting you , it will wake you up . " Gershwin said she got hold of some other , smaller specimens of the creature before Christmas . "  I 've been ... working with jellyfish for a long time here and I 've seen a lot of big jellyfish but this one 's really big , " ABC quoted her as saying . And they are prolific , she said . "  We do n't actually know what 's going on that 's led , not only to this species , but many , many types of jellyfish blooming in massive numbers , " she told the Herald . "  Jellyfish do bloom as a normal part of their life cycle , but not usually this many . " She told the Herald she has been working to get a scientific name approved for the new jellyfish , which she believes is related to previously identified jellyfish in the area called lion 's mane , and sometimes "  snotties . " So , for this one , "  big snotty . " What do you think ?	5-foot-diameter jellyfish found on Tasmania Scientist is trying to set name for the creature New jellyfish is believed to be related to others in the area , scientist says Jellyfish numbers swelling off Tasmania
CNN  -- Maybe marriage to Kate Winslet is n't all that bad . Maya Rudolph and John Krasinski star as a couple on the road in the comedy "  Away We Go . " After cruelly dissecting marital malaise in "  American Beauty " and again , just six months ago , in "  Revolutionary Road , " Winslet 's husband Sam Mendes takes a slightly more optimistic view of family life in the edgy comedy "  Away We Go . " Not that he 's offering a whole-hearted endorsement of the institution . Burt and Verona  John Krasinski and Maya Rudolph  are n't legally bound -- she staunchly resists his repeated proposals -- but nevertheless they 're a couple about to go nuclear : She 's six months pregnant . He sells insurance to insurance companies . She 's an illustrator with a lucrative line in anatomical drawings . Nevertheless , they 're struggling to make ends meet . "  Are we losers ? " wonders Verona  only she uses a more colorful expression  . "  We have cardboard windows ... I think we must be . " Insomuch as they have a plan at all , it hinges on the support they 're expecting from Burt 's doting parents . So it 's a nasty wake-up call when Jerry and Gloria  Jeff Daniels and Catherine O'Hara  announce they 're taking off for a new life in Belgium -- yes , even before the baby 's out . There is a silver lining : Realizing they no longer have any reason to stay , Burt and Verona decide to widen their horizons . They could move to Arizona where Verona 's sister lives . Burt has a job prospect in Madison , Wisconsin . Or they have college friends in Montreal . Their destiny awaits them , all they have to do is go out and find it . And away they go . Although the couple racks up a good few miles in their search for home , the movie does n't betray much interest in location . Arizona is hot and arid . In Montreal they pour gravy on French fries . Do n't expect cultural insights . It 's never explained how these stragglers can afford such speculative wandering , and when they do find their dream home it 's mystifying that it has n't occurred to them before . Still , the movie 's loose-limbed , spontaneous quality is a good part of its appeal , and a refreshing change of pace from other movies by Mendes , whose artfully designed compositions often seem self-conscious and painfully detached . In keeping with Indie-wood 's vogue for shuffling snide satire and sentimentality  see "  Juno " and "  Little Miss Sunshine "  , "  Away We Go " presents its trepidatious travelers with half a dozen starkly contrasted parental figures , including Allison Janney 's monstrously vulgar alcoholic , Maggie Gyllenhaal 's radical earth-mother  who has shortened her name to "  LN "  , and Paul Schneider as Burt 's rawly dumped brother , who wonders aloud if it would be wrong to tell his daughter her mom has been murdered . There 's a level of bile here that some audiences may find alienating -- I ca n't see it being a big hit in Phoenix -- but Dave Eggers ' and Vendela Vida 's writing is a cut above the average , and it 's performed with gusto . They may not be the most dynamic duo to hit the road , but the relationship between Burt and Verona feels touchingly true . Burt is a boy still trying on manhood for size  with a beard for extra emphasis  , and though we 've seen Krasinski do this before , he seems to have fine-tuned the performance to the point where he could very happily play it for the next two decades . Unlike his character , he 's an actor who has found himself . Maya Rudolph is the joy of this picture . Give or take her role in Altman 's "  Prairie Home Companion , " the "  Saturday Night Live " star has n't made much impact in movies before now . With her frazzled , freckled face , she 's not the glamour girl who would normally be shoe-horned into the romantic lead , but she seizes her chance and runs with it . Mendes brings out a more thoughtful and nuanced presence than the brittle comedienne , and Rudolph makes you consider how rarely we see a real woman at the center of things . Even her occasional tentativeness works for the part . Verona is so fresh and alert , she ca n't help but doubt herself as they trail from one family disaster to the next and wonder what kind of parents they are going to make . It 's an uneven picture about the bumps in the road , and not immune to the odd dramatic shortcut or jocular cheap shot . But it does catch an anxiety that will be acutely familiar to anyone contemplating imminent parenthood , and -- in a beautifully judged cameo by Melanie Lynskey -- the deep anguish of someone who has had that prospect snatched away . More often than not , and where it really counts , "  Away We Go " hits home . "  Away We Go " is rated R and runs 98 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's review , click here .	John Krasinski and Maya Rudolph star as a couple expecting a baby Their onscreen relationship feels touchingly true Director Sam Mendes brings out a great performance from Rudolph Movie 's loose-limbed , spontaneous quality is a good part of its appeal
CNN  -- Since its inception in 1992 , the English Premier League has grown into one of football 's most compelling and commercially successful domestic competitions . To celebrate two decades of top-level soccer , the finest players and managers to have graced the competition have been honored at this week 's "  20 Seasons Awards . " The big winners were Manchester United , the team which dominated the era by collecting 12 championships . United 's veteran Welsh midfielder Ryan Giggs was named top player , having featured in every Premier League season and scoring 107 goals . Did Manchester City win the league - or did United lose it ? United 's legendary Scottish manager Alex Ferguson was also honored , having like Giggs been part of all 12 title triumphs . "  Being named as the best player in the 20 seasons of the Premier League is a tremendous honor for me , " Giggs , 38 , told the league 's official website , "  and very humbling when you consider some of the brilliant players who were nominated alongside me . " There was also an award for the Old Trafford team 's star striker Wayne Rooney , who received the "  Goal of 20 Seasons " gong for his stunning overhead kick against archrivals Manchester City in February 2011 . United 's 4-3 defeat of neighbors City in September 2009 , which included a winning goal from striker Michael Owen in stoppage time , was voted the finest Premier League match . But despite United 's dominance , Arsenal 's championship-winning side of the 2003-04 season took home the Best Team prize . Known as "  The Invincibles , " the London club is the only team to remain unbeaten throughout an entire Premier League campaign . The full list of award winners feature in the gallery above . Do you agree with the judges ' choices ? Have your say in the comments section at the bottom of this page . Player of 20 Seasons : Ryan Giggs Manager of 20 Seasons : Alex Ferguson Team of 20 Seasons : Arsenal 2003-04 Goal of 20 Seasons : Wayne Rooney  Manchester United  v Manchester City , February 2011 Match of 20 Seasons : Manchester United 4-3 Manchester City , September 2009 Public vote Fantasy Team of 20 Seasons : Peter Schmeichel  Man Utd  , Gary Neville  Man Utd  , Nemanja Vidic  Man Utd  , Tony Adams  Arsenal  , Ashley Cole  Arsenal/Chelsea  , Ryan Giggs  Man Utd  , Paul Scholes  Man Utd  , Steven Gerrard  Liverpool  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Man Utd  , Thierry Henry  Arsenal  , Alan Shearer  Newcastle  .	Manchester United 's Ryan Giggs is named the best player in the EPL 's 20-year history United 's legendary boss Alex Ferguson receives the best manager award Wayne Rooney 's overhead kick for United against City in February 2011 is named best goal Arsenal 's "  Invincibles " of the 2003-04 season named the league 's best ever team
CNN  -- A severely disfigured woman received the nose , cheeks , upper jaw and facial tissue from a female cadaver in the first near-total face transplant in the United States , the woman 's surgeon said Wednesday . Cleveland Clinic doctors replaced 80 percent of a woman 's face two weeks ago in the first such U.S. surgery . The 22-hour face surgery was completed two weeks ago by a team of eight surgeons at the Cleveland Clinic . The patient had severe deformity in the middle of her face and was missing her right eye and upper jaw , the Cleveland Clinic doctors said . She could not taste or smell , and she had trouble speaking . Dr. Maria Siemionow , the head of plastic surgery research at the Cleveland , Ohio , hospital , said many people are "  hiding from society because they 're afraid to walk to the grocery stores ; they 're afraid to go to streets because they 're called names and humiliated . " "  Our patient was called names , and our patient was humiliated , " she said . "  We very much hope for this special group of patients , there is hope , and one day they will be able to go comfortably from their houses and enjoy the things which we take for granted . " The patient is doing well , the doctors said . Interactive : More details of the surgery " Details about the recipient , including her name and age , were withheld at her request . In the surgery , 80 percent of the woman 's face was transplanted . The forehead and chin were left intact . In this transplant , tissue from the donor 's face was shaped and fitted into position . Multiple layers of tissue , bone , muscles and blood vessels , nerve grafts and each artery and vein were connected . Watch an explanation about face transplants " "  Our hope is she should be able to smile again , " said Dr. Frank A. Papay , chairman of the Dermatology and Plastic Surgery Institute at the Cleveland Clinic . With physical therapy , surgeons hope the patient will regain her ability to smell and blink and will have other facial functions . Siemionow said the patient never saw a photo of the donor and said , "  the donor never looks like the recipient . The recipient never looks like the donor . " Siemionow had medical and ethical clearance for a full facial transplant since 2004 . She said it has taken 20 years of research and four years to find the right patient who understood the risks involved . The doctors ' approach from the beginning was to consider "  only patients who are the most disfigured " and had "  exhausted all existing procedures , " Siemionow said . "  This patient exhausted all conventional means of reconstruction and is the right patient , " she said . Watch Dr. Siemionow in the news conference . " Dr. Eric Kodish , the professor and chairman of the Cleveland Clinic 's Department of Bioethics , said doctors thought she would adhere to medications after the surgery . "  This patient had very robust decision-making capacity , " he said . Like with all transplants , there is a risk that the recipient 's body could reject the graft . The doctors say they have n't seen any such signs . The transplant recipient has to take immune-suppressing drugs for the rest of his or her life to prevent rejection of the donated tissue . In the past three years , facial transplants have been completed in France and China , but these cases have raised medical and ethical questions . Read about the first facial transplant Some candidates for a face transplant are survivors of trauma , such as burn or accident victims , who have exhausted all other reconstructive possibilities . The recipient in France , Isabelle Dinoire , had been mauled by a dog , and the Chinese man , Li Guoxing , was attacked by a bear . Both received major facial disfigurements . In 2007 , a French team performed the third partial facial transplant on a man who was disfigured by a genetic disorder that created large tumors on his face . Watch a 2006 report about China 's first face transplant Guo Shuzhong , the face transplant doctor who handled Li 's case , confirmed to CNN that he died in July of unknown causes . Li last visited the hospital in summer 2007 , and he stayed in his hometown in Yunnan province . The doctor told CNN that Li had a checkup in a small hospital in his hometown three weeks before his death but that no health problems had been found . Watch an ITN report about the Li 's case The facial transplants in France and China generated much controversy as questions arose about whether the patients were adequately vetted and informed about the risks . Those procedures have been "  under an ethical cloud , " said David Young , a professor of plastic surgery at the University of California , San Francisco . The current face transplant patient understood the risk of rejection and of immunosuppressants , doctors said . Criticism of facial transplants Critics such as Peter A. Clark , director of the Institute of Catholic Bioethics at St. Joseph 's University in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , said a facial transplant introduces unnecessary risks for a procedure that is not a matter of life and death . "  With something like a liver or kidney transplant , it 's a life or death transplant , " Clark said . "  Even with a kidney or liver -LSB- transplant -RSB- , you have to be put on immunosuppressants with serious side effects . " Bioethicist Dr. Arthur Caplan , chairman of the University of Pennsylvania 's Medical Ethics Department , said Wednesday on CNN 's "  American Morning " that he initially had similar qualms about the facial transplant , which improves the quality of a life rather than saving it , but was gradually convinced . People with major facial disfigurements "  do n't come out and basically stay at home and have a huge suicide rate , " Caplan said . "  They 're really up against it . " At the news conference Wednesday , Kodish said the transplant had "  abundant moral justification " : the face as a personal embodiment as self . He added that people with disfigurements are often isolated and suffer tremendously and that this case was "  not cosmetic surgery in any sense . " Patient 's reaction Doctors at the Cleveland Clinic said that because the patient has limited vision after the surgery , she has yet to see herself . "  At this point she ca n't see herself but can feel her face , " Siemionow said . "  She was happy when she could go over her face " and could feel that "  she has a nose , she has jaws and has a full face . " After the surgery , the patient was heavily sedated from being on the breathing machine . As she was slowly awakening , medical staff members asked her how she was feeling and whether she was comfortable . "  She gave a thumbs up , first indication she was comfortable , " said Dr. Chad Gordon , a fellow at the clinic 's department of plastic surgery . "  She has been speaking to us very slightly . Most of communication has been through writing . " Siemionow said the patient will need re-educate her facial motion and need three to six months of nerve regeneration . CNN 's Miriam Falco and Judy Kwon contributed to this report .	Reconstructive surgeon Dr. Maria Siemionow led face transplant team Eighty percent of trauma patient 's face reportedly transplanted Siemionow has had clearance to perform full facial transplant since 2004 Previous transplants have come under ethical cloud , professor says
PHNOM PENH , Cambodia  CNN  -- Youk Chhang knows the truth about the Cambodian genocide perhaps better than anyone in the world . Youk Chhang runs the Documentation Center of Cambodia , which has documented 20,000 mass graves . He was 13 when the Khmer Rouge came to power . Separated from his family , forced into slave labor , beaten nearly to death for stealing rice for his pregnant sister , he saw the horrors firsthand . His mother lost a daughter and four siblings ; 30 years later she still searches for them , hoping they survived . Chhang survived by eating whatever he could find . After the fall of the Khmer Rouge , it took him months to walk home to his family . Eventually , he fled to safety in the United States . "  Food was ... more important than God , " Chhang said . "  I always wish to have a bowl of rice . And one good night 's sleep . That 's all I wanted . I would do anything for it . " Watch Youk Chhang talk about what he ate , how he survived " But the ghosts of the genocide brought Chhang back to Cambodia . And for more than a decade , he has run the Documentation Center of Cambodia . "  DC-Cam , " as it is known , is the world 's largest repository of information about the Cambodian genocide . It holds hundreds of thousands of documents , photos and films as well as interviews with both survivors and former Khmer Rouge members . Chhang said he believes the Khmer Rouge kept such careful records as a measure of their success -- a trophy of sorts . "  At each time when they kill a person , they document it so that they can measure their success one step forward , " Chhang said . "  If they kill two , then two step forward . If they kill five , then five step forward . So to them , it 's a golden file . But I mean , to us it 's crime against humanity . " DC-Cam has located and mapped nearly 200 prisons and 20,000 mass graves across the country . For Chhang and DC-Cam , the work is critical to preserving memory and promoting justice . Watch as Chhang takes CNN 's Christiane Amanpour into DC-Cam 's secured vault " Today in Cambodia , a tribunal is under way to try five of the surviving leaders of the Khmer Rouge -- 30 years after their alleged crimes . DC-Cam is providing much of the evidence for use in the trial , evidence that makes plain the facts of the genocide , the scope of the losses and the personal and national grief . Chhang said he hopes the tribunal will help Cambodians move forward -- and help heal the nation he loves . But even now , the way forward is difficult . Chhang has dedicated a lifetime of work , research , preservation and advocacy to his mother , whose bravery and sacrifice inspired him . Even though his mother survived and they shared much of the same pain and many of the same losses , the two do not talk about what happened . Some in Cambodia are anxious to forget and forgive . Others are angry and searching for justice . Many , like Chhang , said that only by knowing , exploring and exposing the truth will Cambodia be able to rectify its past -- and secure a healthy future .	Youk Chhang was 13 when the Khmer Rouge came to power in Cambodia He survived by eating whatever he could find and eventually fled to the U.S. Back in his homeland , he now runs the Documentation Center of Cambodia "  DC-Cam " is the world 's largest repository of information about the genocide
CNN  Months after Iraqi troops dropped their weapons and ran for their lives in Mosul , up to 25,000 are expected to head back there in April or May to try to retake the city from ISIS , according to a U.S. official . But can they actually do it ? Answering that question is key to what might happen in Mosul but also as to whether the terrorist group can be taken out entirely in Iraq . Mosul has been a symbol of Iraqi military incompetence , given how troops and police ran from their posts as militants arrived in June . The stunning collapse stirred concerns about the ability of then-Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki not only to recapture Mosul but to save the entire country . And it also shined a harsh spotlight on the will and capabilities of Iraq 's military , now that U.S. combat troops had exited the country . The group calling itself the Islamic State is still a force in Iraq , controlling vast swaths of the country and neighboring Syria . But Iraq 's government has made changes since Mosul fell , including the appointment of a new Prime Minister , Haider al-Abadi , as well as some discussion and action to address sectarian divisions . There has been the start of airstrikes by the United States and others against ISIS as well . The Iraqi military has also had fresh training , some of it conducted by U.S. and allied forces , to make it more effective . It has had some success in curbing the ISIS onslaught , but not in taking back a lot of territory -- much less that as valued as Mosul . Yet al-Abadi told the BBC this week that , while there 's still work to do , he is sure the Iraqis are going to retake the crucial northern city . "  We are now planning an offensive on Mosul in the coming few months , " the Prime Minister said . "  We have to prepare for it carefully , because the only choice we have in Mosul  is to win  . We have to win in Mosul to keep  ISIS  out . " Up until now , one of the biggest and most successful forces has been the Kurdish Peshmerga that serve Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish government , often at odds with Baghdad . These fighters will have a role , including around Mosul . In his BBC interview , al-Abadi said that liaisons between Iraqi forces and the Peshmerga "  must be powerful and must be watertight " to defeat ISIS . According to the U.S. official , who spoke to reporters Thursday , Mosul police and tribal forces would likely join Iraqi troops in the assault on the city . Peshmerga would play a supporting role , not going into Mosul but instead blocking off supply and escape routes north and west of the city . Count Sirwan Barzani , a senior Peshmerga commander , is among the skeptics that such a spring assault would work . "  I do n't think it 's realistic , and I do n't have any idea about a plan , " Barzani told CNN 's Ben Wedeman . "  And if it involves the Iraqi army only , it 's not going to work . The Iraqi army is not ready for the fight . " If the Iraqi forces -- from five army brigades -- do the street-to-street fighting , theoretically they should significantly outnumber their ISIS counterparts . Right now , ISIS has an estimated 1,000 to 2,000 fighters in Mosul , the U.S. official said , but more could join the fight if they take the threat of attack seriously . The approximate time of the attack had previously been reported : A U.S. Central Command official told CNN earlier this year that Iraqi forces could make their first move in April . A Central Command official said Thursday that the hope is for an operation in April or May to avoid running into Ramadan  mid-June through mid-July  and Iraq 's summer heat . Still , the official stressed a final decision on the go-ahead for an attack is a ways off . Even then , the question arises , why divulge such specifics ? The U.S. official said that offering the details demonstrates Iraq 's commitment to winning back Mosul . In the BBC interview , al-Abadi said that more needs to be done to get Iraqi forces up to speed but , once they are , "  I 'm pretty sure we can liberate Mosul with a minimum of casualties and cost . " If Iraqi troops are ready to go into Mosul , what about their American counterparts ? In addition to providing air support , the U.S. military has troops on the ground in Iraq . They 're there ostensibly for training and other purposes , but not combat . Still , if they were ever needed to be in the thick of things in the ISIS fight , Mosul would be the place . That could happen . Gen. Lloyd Austin , head of Central Command , and Gen. Martin Dempsey , chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , have both suggested a small number of U.S. troops could be needed on the ground to help call in airstrikes . The more ISIS reinforces its defenses around Mosul -- as it has been doing -- the more help Iraqi forces would need in locating military targets , a Central Command official told CNN this month . The Central Command official who spoke to reporters Thursday said no decision has been made in this regard . Still , even with all this talk about U.S. advisers , no officials have indicated American troops will engage ISIS in fighting on the ground -- something President Barack Obama has been wary to do .	U.S. official : Up to 25,000 Iraqi troops could take part in Mosul assault in April or May He says the details are being offered to show Iraq 's commitment to retaking the city A Kurdish military commander is skeptical , saying Iraq 's army "  is not ready for the fight "
Bekaa Valley , Lebanon  CNN  -- After I became a father , I found covering the stories of refugees more heart-wrenching than ever before . Of course , it is the children that immediately draw your attention . It is their wide-eyed fascination with everything you do . They want to touch my producer Danielle 's hair and play with the gadgets of my cameraman , Clayton . They exchange high fives , give the peace sign , and gamely practice their English on me . I try not to let my mind wander to the place that imagines what the lives of these sweet children will be like weeks or months from now . They are images nobody should ever see . People starve to death here . How to help Syrian refugees For the past several days , I had been in refugee camps along the border between Syria and Lebanon . Over the past 12 years , I have covered wars , natural disasters and other tragedies as a medical reporter , which meant the very worst stories filtered down to me . I remember a child who lost both her legs after stepping on a land mine in Iraq . I remember a family standing in a decimated home in Sri Lanka , having lost all it owned . In Port-au-Prince , Haiti , I saw young children searching for their parents in large garbage dumpsters , hoping to catch a final glimpse of them . Pakistan was full of stories of families swept away by the floods that soaked one-fifth of the nation . Some of the very worst stories are happening again . None of this is easy to write . I am here because I believe the few minutes you spend reading this firsthand dispatch will give you a clearer idea of what is unfolding here . While you may not be able to locate the Bekaa Valley on a map , or even Damascus for that matter , stories about health are universal and serve as a common denominator all over the planet . Over the past two years , 720,000 registered refugees have made the dangerous crossing from Syria into Lebanon . According to aid organizations on the ground , at least that many more have also come across illegally . In a country of 4 million people , roughly one in four is now a refugee . Lebanon is buckling under the weight of these refugees , leading to abysmal conditions . In the largest camp in Bekaa Valley , there is no fixed water supply or sanitation . There are streams of putrid waste snaking their way through the camps . And there is not enough food . As a dad , you get pretty good at judging the age of children , based on their size . Here , nothing makes sense . There are 8-month-olds who look closer in age to newborns , and 10-year-olds who look 5 . And often , it is the young child forced to care for an even younger child . In a place like this , you can quickly distinguish the children who are being breast-fed from those who are not . While the breast-fed children are getting carbohydrates , fats and proteins , they are not getting enough calories overall . It is tough , after all , when the mother has not had anything to eat for days herself . The child 's hair looks dull , the skin looks thin and the body looks emaciated . It is called marasmus , and it should n't typically happen to a breast-fed baby . Syria 's traumatized refugee children Again , nothing here is typical . The older children who are able to obtain any sort of calories are not getting enough proteins in their diet . They eat primarily just grains . Their small bodies look bloated and they often have swelling in their tiny feet . It also has a name : kwashiorkor . I learned much of this in medical school , and even then I prayed to never see it firsthand . Sadly , I now know the look of eyes that have not seen food for too long . They can look at nothing else . It is not a hopeful look , but a sad resignation that despite their deep hunger , these morsels of basic food are not meant for them . If you are a parent or have any compassion whatsoever , seeing those eyes will bring you to your knees . U.N. Number of Syrian refugees tops 2 million To simply live in a makeshift tent on a 10-by-10-foot plot of dirt , some of the landowners in Bekaa Valley are charging $ 100 a month . It would almost be laughable except as so often happens -- the children bear the brunt of this hardship . They work in the fields for $ 2 a day , beg under bridges and turn to prostitution . Truth is , I feel guilty the moment I arrive , knowing I will leave and wave wildly at the tiny little friends running alongside our car -- as if that will somehow make things any better for them . These children will fill your daytime thoughts and your dreams at night . Their minds are brimming with dreams unrealized and their hearts are so full of hope . I often think of my own children and how disappointed they would be that their daddy could n't do more to help kids like them . It would be missing the point to say that I see the eyes of my own children , when I look into the children 's eyes of Bekaa Valley . Truth is , these are my children . They are the children of the world , Many of them will persevere , and may even make it home to a hopefully more stable way of life . But , for the time being -- this is the price they pay as refugees in Lebanon , September 2013 .	Dr. Sanjay Gupta has been at refugee camp outside of Syria The children are living in filth and look half their age , he says Their small bodies are bloated as they are living off grains , Gupta says "  Truth is , these are my children , " he says
CNN  -- Green living is a spiritual calling for a group of Christian women in the upper Midwest . Call it a heavenly approach to being good stewards of the Earth . While most people do n't think about sustainable buildings in a spiritual light , the Benedictine Women of Madison , Wisconsin , believe they should . The ecumenical order 's new Holy Wisdom Monastery scored the highest number of points ever awarded by the U.S. Green Building Council 's Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design  LEED  rating system for new construction . Holy Wisdom Monastery is run by three Benedictine sisters . The idea that they wanted to build the most sustainable , cutting-edge , eco-friendly building in the United States is surprising to some ; but given the order 's mission , it 's an obvious fit for the women . "  People who know us see it as falling out of our mission . They see it as something they would expect from us , " Sister Mary David Walgenbach said . One of the order 's core values is "  Care for the Earth . " "  People who do n't know us , who come into the building , are surprised by its elegance and simplicity . And they ask the same question : ` Why would a small community of women do such a thing ? ' " said Walgenbach . "  But when we talk to them about who we are and why we think it 's important to do this , and , in our day and age , why it 's even more important that our religious people think about caring of the Earth , then they 're very open to that . " Also surprising : the building 's sustainability statistics . Holy Wisdom Monastery sits on 130 rural acres , just outside Madison . The original building , once a Catholic high school for girls , was torn down and 99.75 percent of the material was either reused or recycled . Hoffman LLC designed and built the monastery at a cost of $ 246 per square foot , or just over $ 7.5 million for demolition through construction . "  There 's a long list of reasons this building is the greenest in the U.S. right now , " said company owner Paul Hoffman . "  For one , the building is projected to save at least 60 percent on energy costs alone . " That 's because the heating and cooling systems are powered by 39 geothermal wells , closed-loop wells sunk deep in the earth . Hoffman says the geothermal wells work so efficiently that on some days , the monastery actually sells energy to the utility , instead of buying it . Photovoltaic lights , which are cells that convert sunlight into electricity , are used in the parking lot . Another set of photovoltaic cells on the monastery 's roof generates 15 percent of the building 's energy needs . Eventually the monastery hopes to generate all of its own energy from on-site renewable sources . The windows in the monastery are unique . They were specially designed for the building using a new technique . "  We used Andersen wood windows and they developed a special highly sustainable window with special glazing , " Hoffman said . "  So there 's absolutely no blinds , shades , or draperies in the building because the glass is the thing that transmits the light , but eliminates the glare , yet grabs the solar heat gains . " Hoffman hired the green consulting firm Vertegy , based in St. Louis , Missouri , to help coordinate the many complex aspects involved in constructing a sustainable building and completing the very complicated U.S. Green Building Council LEED certification process . Construction methods for a green building are very different from traditional ones , according to Thomas Taylor , Vertegy 's general manager . "  The person who designs the structure of the building , the person who designs the mechanical systems like the air conditioning , the people who design the plumbing , and even the outside landscape , they all have to work together , " he said . "  In recent times in design and construction , they have n't worked together . They 've worked kind of in a bubble . " Then , Taylor added , "  one person brings it all together , puts it on a drawing and then the contractor goes out and builds it . " That process does n't work very well for green projects , he said . "  This is a situation where we tried to take the talents of all those people , integrate them so they 're doing their work at one time , and they 're really being mindful of each other and supportive of each other 's disciplines and needs , in order to maximize the energy efficiency , the water efficiency , the impact on the environment that their own discipline might have " as the building is being constructed , Taylor said . While the monastery officially opened last August , the Benedictine sisters just found out last month their building achieved the highest LEED Platinum rating ever awarded by the U.S. Green Building Council for a new construction building , 63 out of a possible 69 points . And that gives the Benedictine sisters a heavenly end to their monastery construction project .	Benedictine Women in Wisconsin win award for greenest new building in U.S. Monastery features geothermal heating , photovoltaic lights , specially designed windows Building is projected to save at least 60 percent on energy costs alone Hoffman LLC designed and built monastery at a cost of just over $ 7.5 million
Entertainment Weekly  -- For nine years , "  CSI " star William Petersen has had it all . And that was exactly the problem . William Petersen says he 's become "  too comfortable " at "  CSI , " and that it 's time to go . "  The reason I 'm leaving is because I 'm afraid I 'm becoming too comfortable , " says Petersen . "  It 's ` CSI ' -- they pay me a lot of money , and I do n't have to work very hard anymore . I 've got it all figured out . And I just realized , God , as an artist , I 'm going to atrophy . You do anything for nine years , it becomes somewhat rote . I did n't want to be on the show because they were paying me money and I liked the money . I did n't want to be on the show because it saved me from having to go look for other jobs . Just did n't want it . It was too safe for me at this point . So I needed to try and break that , and the way to do that , for me , is the theater . " So , with his final "  CSI " episode scheduled to air Thursday on CBS , Petersen is saying goodbye to the show that made him very , very famous and very , very rich . He 's now living in Chicago , where he 's resumed a career as a theater actor . Leaving fame and fortune behind in the name of artistic integrity ? There 's a novel concept for Hollywood . But still , is n't he just a little sentimental about parting ways with a character that has defined him since 2000 ? "  I wo n't miss Grissom , " says Petersen matter-of-factly . "  It was a complete life for me that 's reached its end , and it 's reached it in the right way , I think . So I wo n't miss Grissom . And I hope that the audience wo n't miss him either . " As a producer on the drama since its debut in 2000 and an exec producer since 2004 , Petersen is one of the highest-paid actors on television  earning a reported $ 600,000 per episode  . Over the years , he 's watched his show turn into a ratings powerhouse and -- with syndication and spin-offs -- a veritable billion-dollar industry for CBS , which will no doubt feel the pain of Petersen 's departure . Petersen has definitely left his mark on this crime scene . From the moment in 1999 when he persuaded creator Anthony E. Zuiker to change Gil 's last name from Sheinbaum to Grissom , to the spring of 2007 when he began to map out his character 's much-anticipated exit , Petersen has played a significant role in the direction of his hit show . "  The first day I met Billy , before filming the pilot , he said to me he wanted to re-create an ensemble feel of a theater company , to have that type of collaboration , " says executive producer Carol Mendelsohn . "  It 's not the easiest road to take , to have true collaboration . " However , she feels Petersen 's insistence on teamwork "  has been an essential element to our success , on every level . " Petersen , who 's unapologetic about his occasional my-way-or-the-highway antics , says he wanted a producer title to ensure that the cast and crew always had an advocate . "  Otherwise , it 's completely unbalanced because everything is tilted toward the network and the studio and the writers . It ca n't just be generals . You have to have a few lieutenants . That 's where I came in . " Naturally , then , it was Petersen -- and not producers or the network -- who decided when and where Grissom would finally step outside the yellow tape . "  For years , Billy had been saying he wanted to go , so we knew that one day he 'd ask to be written out , " says Mendelsohn . "  We had a game plan for a long time . " Petersen and the writers were set on hammering out an exit strategy that would seem organic to the world of forensic science . That 's where the real-life Grissoms came into play . "  You talk to all of the CSIs we know , and they all have a short -LSB- career -RSB- life , " says Petersen . "  They can do this for a while and then they all try to become techs  advisers  for our show ! None of them want to go back down an alley and process fingerprints on a garbage can anymore . " The long goodbye officially began in November 2007 , when Gil 's fiancee Sara  Jorja Fox  fled Las Vegas for destinations unknown , and it continued with the tragic shooting death of Warrick  Gary Dourdan  in October of the following year . In fact , Petersen should have been gone by now : Warrick 's death and Grissom 's swan song were originally scheduled to air by last May , but the 100-day writers ' strike shortened the season , so there was n't enough time to tell all the stories Petersen wanted -- including the return of the Miniature Serial Killer and Melinda Clarke 's dominatrix , Lady Heather . Postponing his farewell not only put some much-needed space between the high-profile exits of Fox and Dourdan , it also gave the show 's creative team plenty of time to find Petersen 's successor . After putting out feelers to an impressive roster of stars  Kurt Russell and John Malkovich were approached  , the producers set their sights on Laurence Fishburne , who has n't starred on TV since playing Cowboy Curtis on "  Pee-wee 's Playhouse " back in the '80s . While Fishburne is known on screen as a cool character , his first days on set last September -- as research pathologist -- turned-college professor Dr. Raymond Langston -- revealed anxiety underneath that calm demeanor . "  CSI 's " Marg Helgenberger recalls how the 47-year-old actor rode his motorcycle to work on the first day and ended up clutching his helmet during a meeting with the writers . "  He said , ` I 'm just gon na hang on to this because I 'm kind of nervous , " ' she remembers . "  It was really sweet . I think he feels the weight of the challenge of taking over that part . I mean , obviously it 's not the same part as Gil , but that character was indelible and well-liked -- all that stuff that Billy was . " Adds Fishburne , "  Billy was the daddy of the whole thing and Daddy was leaving . Then in comes Uncle Fish . A lot of people did n't know what to expect . " When Petersen 's final day of shooting arrived on October 10 , about 200 members of the show 's cast and crew assembled on the "  CSI " soundstage to watch his character 's last stroll through the dimly lit lab . Though everyone knew that Petersen was n't gone forever -- he 'll retain his producer title and he 's promised to return for the occasional episode , though that probably wo n't occur until next season -- it did n't make his departure any less significant . Co-star Helgenberger ca n't even think about the "  painful " day without tearing up . "  I could n't stop crying , " she says . "  It was hard . I 'm having a hard time now , because , you know , we had a great nine years together . It 's just over . It 's the end of an era . " First things first , though : The man with the beard still has to take his final bow , though nobody 's revealing how . But an even bigger cliff-hanger is what will happen to the show after he 's gone . "  I 'm sick he is leaving , " says one EW.com poster named Betty . " ` CSI ' is Gil . " Jasmine puts it more bluntly : "  Once Grissom is gone from the original ` CSI , ' so am I. " As he looks forward to the next chapter in his career , Petersen hopes viewers will adopt his attitude about Grissom 's exit : no tears necessary . "  I think there 's a way for the audience to remember him , like losing a great co-worker they 've known for years , " says the actor , who has n't ruled out starring in another TV show -- someday . "  He did n't die in a plane crash , he did n't get a brain tumor . He 's out there . " For Entertainment Weekly 's complete cover story , and more information on "  CSI , " click here . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  CSI 's " William Petersen has last episode Thursday Show 's star leaves at the top of the heap -- but he was ready to go "  CSI " adding new character played by Laurence Fishburne
CNN  -- You do n't have to know the Netherlands well to be familiar with the story of Hans Brinker , the little Dutch boy who saved a nation from the sea in Mary Mapes Dodge 's novel by plugging a leaking dyke with his finger . The tale may be fictional but it is symbolic of one tiny country 's struggle against erstwhile indomitable elements and it is told the world over as an example of how the smallest of deeds -- or fingers in this case -- can have a huge impact on the lives of many . The low countries may have won their battle against the tide centuries ago but these days they face another fickle enemy : a housing crash so sharp it has left millions of homes financially high and dry with mortgages , as they would say in Dutch "  onder water . " WATCH MORE : German minister says ' I do n't see ' further bailouts And now , just as Europe 's southern states appear to have overcome the worst , a recession in one of the region 's "  core " countries could jeopardize a fragile recovery still very much in its infancy . As the eurozone 's fifth largest economy , Holland and its surrounding provinces are hardly the bloc 's economic engine but they are a key ally for Berlin in its push for stricter spending across the region . Through their finance minister Jeroen Dijsselbloem , the Dutch sit at the helm of the Eurogroup , the very body charged with steering member states ' fiscal policy , exerting influence over larger neighbors like France and Italy . True , austerity has already cost the Dutch dear in the form of one collapsed government but this is a country which is under pressure to set an example . Going Dutch As we all know , the Netherlands is n't just famous for its clogs and windmills . Its inhabitants have always been astute financiers and careful with costs . The expression to "  go Dutch " is employed the world over when splitting a bill . And indeed it may seem ironic that a nation famous for its monetary prudence should find itself at the center of a debt storm . So how did this happen ? READ OPINION : Eurozone recession over but it 's too soon to celebrate Sadly , like Brinker 's story it 's a familiar -- if predictable -- tale : An overheated housing market , inflated by readily available 100 % mortgage offers , loans at five times salary and , worst of all , generous tax deductions on repayments , combined to create an incentive to buy , buy , buy . With property prices now plunging around 10 % a year , a growing number of Dutchmen and women have become trapped in a negative equity spiral , littering their banks ' books with bad loans . The country 's financial institutions have already had 95 billion euros worth of aid since the 2008 crisis , but it 's estimated they still hold 650 billion euros worth of property financing on their balance sheets . That 's bigger than the Netherlands ' GDP . If that does n't raise eyebrows it may surprise you to learn that the Dutch have now won the dubious accolade of being the most indebted people in Europe , with outstanding consumer borrowings amounting 250 % of available income . At 125 % , Spain 's figures pale in comparison -- ditto for other housing bingers like Ireland and Portugal . So much for the Dutch image of being Europe 's great savers . Yet , as we have seen so often throughout this eurozone crisis , the act of saving when applied too late can often exacerbate an economy 's decline . COMPLETE COVERAGE : Eurozone in crisis As such , the Netherlands ' current predicament offers a textbook example of the pitfalls of the "  slump-then-save " mentality . With households tightening their belts to service mortgages , consumers ' spending has plunged , prompting businesses to scale back on investments and shed staff . In just a few years the Netherlands has seen its jobless rate soar from an enviably low 5.5 % at the start of last year to almost 9 % in June . With unemployment rising month after month , the famously generous benefits system has become a luxury the country can ill-afford . Memories of a tulip bubble Now a year into its recession , economists are n't forecasting a recovery for the Netherlands until 2014 at the earliest , and even then predictions are of a measly 0.4 % growth . But do n't be fooled : the Netherlands ' economic landscape may be flat but it 's not entirely bleak . Besides , the Dutch have been here before . While private sector debt may have been the country 's undoing , sovereign bond investors have largely shrugged off the Netherlands ' domestic woes -- giving the government breathing room on its borrowing costs . Dutch industry is competitive and flexible . The workforce is highly educated and polyglot , with the entrepreneurial streak reminiscent of a nation of merchant traders . READ MORE : Netherlands true blue pottery makers In fact Holland and its neighboring counties have seen their fair share of boom and bust cycles . Its bubble in the tulip trade is a lesson taught in business schools across the globe as an example of how to spot an overvalued asset class . Just like those once precious bulbs , the Dutch economy will bloom again one day , though its flowers will appear later this cycle . Mind you , they will last longer if the lessons have been learned .	The Netherlands is suffering a housing crash that has left many in negative equity spiral The country is the eurozone 's fifth largest economy and made up of prudent savers But the housing boom has left the Dutch the most indebted people in Europe The Netherlands ' predicament is an example of the pitfalls of "  slump-then-save " mentality
CNN  -- Real Madrid striker Alvaro Negredo has been sold to Spanish Primera Liga rivals Sevilla in a reported $ 21 million deal . Negredo scores for Real Madrid in the Peace Cup earlier this month . The highly-rated Negredo was surplus to requirements at Real , who are looking to recoup some of the massive $ 363 million they have spent in the close season transfer window . Negredo has signed a five-year deal at Sevilla , but Real Madrid confirmed on their official Web site www.realmadrid.com that they had the option to buy him back for the next two years . Negredo only rejoined Real last month having been loaned out to Almeria for the past two seasons , scoring 19 goals in the last campaign . But he would have been struggling to win a regular first team place after the club 's signings of Kaka , Karim Benzema and Cristiano Ronaldo over the summer . Negredo completed his move after having a medical in Sevilla on Friday morning with last season 's third-placers in La Liga clearly delighted with their acquisition . "  Sevilla have recruited one of the best strikers in Europe , " the club said in a statement on their official Web site .	Real Madrid striker Alvaro Negredo completes his permanent move to Sevilla Negredo has signed five-year contract , although Real have a buy-back option The highly-rated Negredo scored 19 goals while on loan to Almeria last season
Pretoria , South Africa  CNN  -- Oscar Pistorius will go on trial on March 3 , accused of premeditated murder in the death of his girlfriend , Reeva Steenkamp . At a hearing Monday , prosecutors indicted Pistorius in the Valentine 's Day shooting death . Pistorius has been charged with planned and premeditated murder , which comes with a mandatory sentence of life behind bars . The indictment says "  the accused did unlawfully and intentionally kill a person . " Pistorius also was indicted for allegedly violating South Africa 's firearms control act . In South Africa , people can possess ammunition only if they 're licensed to own a gun , and their ammunition must be specific to that weapon . Pistorius has acknowledged storing ammunition for a gun his father owned . Steenkamp would have turned 30 on Monday . The indictment follows the completion of the police investigation into the case . The double amputee track star killed the woman he calls the love of his life in his home . He denies the murder charge and says he mistook her for a home invader . The first phase of the trial will take place in March , but the entire trial could take place at various times across a year or more because of potential motions and postponements along the way . In the indictment , the prosecutors included a list of more than 100 witnesses the state might call . The Pistorius legal team has not released a witness list . The police investigation team "  is convinced that the accused has a charge to answer , " a police statement said last week . A tearful Pistorius A phalanx of reporters snapped pictures of an emotional Pistorius as he entered the courtroom Monday . While the Olympic sprinter largely maintained his composure , an occasional tear streamed down his cheek . Before the proceedings started , he held hands with his brother and sister as they appeared to pray . The athlete 's family said in June that he would resume running using his blade-shaped prosthetic legs . Pistorius has started sprinting again for the sake of his emotional health , not for training to compete again , the family said . Michael Steenkamp , the victim 's uncle , said the model 's family is n't focusing on Pistorius ' guilt or innocence , and they will not attend any of the related court proceedings . The family said it would be spending time together remembering Steenkamp on Monday . "  My wife and myself are going up to  see  my brother in Port Elizabeth , and we will be there with  Steenkamp 's parents  on Monday to be there for Reeva 's birthday . What could we do ? Bake a cake and , you know , sit down quietly and reminisce about the qualities of Reeva 's life , " he said . The uncle said his faith has helped him forgive Pistorius . "  If I ca n't forgive him , and I have been forgiven , then that is our sin . And I very much asked the Lord to guide me before I got to Port Elizabeth when the tragedy happened ... that took a lot of pressure off my shoulders , " he said . Steenkamp 's uncle : I forgive Oscar Pistorius CNN 's Kelly Phelps , Joseph Netto and Ed Payne contributed to this report .	Oscar Pistorius is indicted in a Valentine 's Day shooting death Monday would have been the 30th birthday of Reeva Steenkamp , his dead girlfriend Pistorius says he mistook her for a home invader when he shot her in February The Olympic sprinter 's trial will begin in March 2014 , a prosecutor says
CNN  -- Two years ago , Egyptians toppled a longtime dictator and reveled in the hope of a new future . But frustration over the new leadership and controversial court verdicts have ignited clashes regularly . Here 's what 's behind the most recent unrest , which flared up on the two-year anniversary of the revolution . What sparked this latest rash of violence ? Two seemingly unrelated developments . Friday was the two-year anniversary of the 2011 Egyptian revolution . Protesters who have been angry with the slow pace of change and with some of the steps President Mohamed Morsy has taken clashed with his supporters and police in the cities such as Suez and Ismailia . At least seven people were killed in those clashes , including several by gunfire . It was not immediately clear who was responsible . Then on Saturday , a judge issued death sentences for 21 people from Port Said for their roles in a football game riot last year . The court rulings sparked deadly clashes between security forces and relatives of the convicted . Over the course of two days , at least 38 people -- including civilians and soldiers -- were killed in Port Said . ` Dubbed the "  massacre at Port Said " by Egyptian media , the riot broke out on February 1 , 2012 , after Port Said-based Al-Masry defeated Cairo 's Al-Ahly , 3-1 . The riot left 74 people dead and 1,000 injured . Fans from both sides bashed each other with rocks and chairs . It was unclear whether intense sports rivalries or political strife sparked the melee . What 's the back story of tensions between Port Said and Cairo ? Port Said residents say they have grievances that date back six decades . Over the past 60 years , residents of Port Said have felt betrayed by Egyptian security forces during a series of wars with Israel . Thousands of residents were displaced several times because of the Suez War , the Six-Day War of 1967 , the War of Attrition with Israel , and the 1973 Arab-Israeli War . Residents of Port Said , in northeastern Egypt , believed security forces did not adequately defend their city . In addition , some say Cairo has not invested enough in Port Said 's infrastructure , and that their city does n't reap enough tax benefits from trade with international ships that pass though Port Said via the critical Suez Canal . Some also say Port Said is still getting the cold shoulder from Cairo after a 1999 assassination attempt of then-President Hosni Mubarak , who was visiting the city . Why are some Egyptians angry with Morsy ? Morsy , Egypt 's first democratically elected president , came to power last June following Mubarak 's ouster a year earlier . But accusations of power hoarding soon followed . Morsy issued a sweeping presidential decree in November , which prevented any court from overturning his decisions until a new , post-Mubarak constitution was passed . The ruling essentially gave him unchecked power , protecting from judicial review any decisions he has made since assuming office . Protesters decried the "  birth of a new pharaoh " and "  Morsy the dictator . " But Morsy defended his move , saying it was only temporary until a new constitution is put in place . He said it was intended to safeguard the revolution , in part by preventing courts from interfering with the work of Egypt 's Constituent Assembly , the body charged with drafting a new constitution . The judges , many of whom were holdover loyalists from the government of Mubarak , are widely viewed as hostile to the Islamists who now dominate the assembly that has been charged with framing a new constitution . The constitution eventually passed with a nearly two-thirds majority . What happens now ? During a speech Sunday night , Morsy declared a limited state of emergency for violent hot spots and announced a 30-day nighttime curfew for the provinces of Port Said , Ismailia and Suez . Morsy said some protesters ' violent behavior "  does not have anything to do with the Egyptian revolution . ... In fact , it is against the revolution . " But he acknowledged the legitimate dissent in Egypt , saying "  dialogue is the only way to bring about stability and security . " To this end , he invited representatives from 11 political parties to a meeting Monday . The meeting "  is meant to address problems in Egypt , as opposed to express anger , " Morsy 's spokesman told state-run TV . But for a country that has seen rounds of change , dissent , celebration and violence , it 's unclear what the next chapter will be . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Tim Hume contributed to this report .	Protests on the two-year anniversary of the revolution left seven people dead Friday Chaos erupted after 21 people were sentenced to death after a football riot in Port Said Critics have accused Morsy of becoming a new dictator Morsy announces a temporary curfew in three places and a meeting among different parties
CNN  -- Defending champion Rafael Nadal cruised into the third round of the clay-court Rome Masters event with a 6-1 6-3 victory over Philipp Kohlshreiber . The world number three , seeking his fifth title in six years in the Italian capital , made just 11 unforced errors , compared to 28 by the German . Nadal , 23 , broke his opponent 's serve twice in a one-sided first set . The German world number 29 improved in the second set and missed a chance to take a 3-2 lead when he wasted his only break point of the match . Nadal , who has only ever lost once at the Rome Masters , broke in the next game and pressed on to take the match . Elsewhere , fifth seed Robin Soderling of Sweden beat Italian wild card Paolo Lorenzi 6-1 7-5 to reach the third round . The Swede smashed 32 winners as he wrapped up victory in less than one and a quarter hours . Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain also progressed with a 6-2 6-3 win over former Wimbledon and U.S. Open champion Lleyton Hewitt . Second seed Novak Djokovic and fourth seed Andy Murray both reached the third round on Tuesday while world number one Roger Federer crashed out to Latvian Ernests Gulbis .	Rafael Nadal beats Philipp Kohlshreiber to reach third round of Rome Masters . The Spaniard wins 6-1 6-3 to stay on course for fifth Rome title in sixth years . Robin Soderling and Guillermo Garcia-Lopez also reach third round .
CNN  -- Louise White , an 81 year-old Rhode Island resident , came forward Tuesday as the winner of a $ 336.4 million Powerball lottery , the third largest prize in the game 's history . "  I 'm very happy and I 'm very proud , " she said . "  We are truly blessed . Thank you . " White bought the winning ticket last month in Newport , Rhode Island , after a family member had a craving for rainbow sherbet and brought her to a store where she purchased the ticket . "  We 're very excited to be a part of this little bit of history ; the winner is a lovely woman and valued customer , " said store employee Suzi Robinson . "  We are very happy for her . " After realizing she had won , White tucked the winning ticket into her Bible and went to sleep holding the Bible , bringing it with her to breakfast the next day until she could eventually store it in a safe deposit box . White then sought legal counsel and established a trust for the funds , according to her attorney , Gregory Fater . It 's called the Rainbow Sherbert Trust , named for the snack that prompted her visit to the store , even though the correct spelling is sherbet . Fater described White as "  extremely grounded , " and approached her newfound wealth with "  extreme poise and level headedness . " White elected to take the cash option and will receive a lump sum payment of $ 210 million , the highest cash option payout ever for Powerball , according to lottery officials . The state of Rhode Island will collect $ 14.7 million , while the federal government also tallies up to $ 52.5 million in revenue .	An 81 year-old Rhode Island resident comes forward as the winner of the Powerball lottery "  I 'm very happy and I 'm very proud , " said Louise White It was the third largest prize in the game 's history
