CNN  -- A spike in napa cabbage prices has South Koreans sweating over their national side dish , kimchi . Many Koreans eat the spicy fermented cabbage dish every day , and a weather-driven crop shortage has forced them to cut back or pay much more . The price of napa cabbage , a key ingredient in kimchi , has climbed fourfold . "  Restaurants are charging for extra kimchi now . They 're charging 2000 won for a refill . A meal generally costs 5000 won , " said Joe McPherson , founding editor of ZenKimchi.com , which features the Korean Food Journal . Koreans have taken to jokingly calling the side dish "  geum-chi , " substituting in the Korean word for gold . The government has even stepped in . Import duties on cabbages and radishes have been suspended till year 's end to help Koreans cope , said the Yonhap news agency . One hundred and fifty tons of the fresh vegetables are being imported from China as well . Japan faces food pressure from China Some Koreans are looking for the government to do more , such as subsidize cabbage sales , said Eun Jeong Lee , a researcher at Seoul-based ZenKimchi.com . Kimchi-making season is coming up , which might force the issue . Korean families typically gather and make kimchi together in late October or early November , before winter sets in . "  They 're still going to make it . They 're just going to make less of it or use substitute ingredients , " McPherson said . The endless variations on kimchi include radishes and cucumbers . In the United States , which has adopted kimchi , it 's made its way into fusion food such as tacos and hamburgers . Why is ` food security ' sparking unrest ? On the microblogging site Twitter , kimchi fans from around the world were commiserating . "  Do not laugh : this is serious stuff for Koreans and kimchi lovers everywhere ! " one user posted .	Many Koreans eat the spicy fermented cabbage dish every day The price of napa cabbage , a key ingredient in kimchi , has climbed fourfold A crop shortage has forced Koreans to cut back or pay much more Kimchi-making season , a family event , is coming up
CNN  -- President-elect Barack Obama , who in 10 days will be sworn in using the Bible of his political hero Abraham Lincoln , visited the Lincoln Memorial in Washington on Saturday night with his family . The Obama family walks down the steps of the Lincoln Memorial in Washington on Saturday . Obama , wife Michelle and daughters Malia and Sasha made the unannounced stop shortly after 7 p.m. ET . The family walked up the steps of the memorial on a chilly night in Washington and then visited the museum at the site . On the way out , they stopped at the edge of the reflecting pool . The parents were seen pointing in the distance to the Capitol and the Washington Monument . The Obamas spent about a half-hour at the memorial before returning to the Hay-Adams Hotel , where they are staying . Watch the family at the memorial " Obama will be the first president to use the Lincoln Bible for his inauguration since Lincoln used it in 1861 . Inauguration organizers have said Obama 's inaugural theme , "  A New Birth of Freedom , " was inspired by Lincoln 's Gettysburg Address . Learn more about the Lincoln Memorial " The president-elect also plans a train trip from Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , to Washington three days before the inauguration , following the final leg of the train route taken by Lincoln .	Obamas made unannounced stop at memorial on Saturday They spent a half-hour at the site before returning to hotel Barack Obama will use Lincoln 's Bible at his inauguration this month
CNN  -- Just what we need out of Washington : More wind . But seriously , folks -- the White House took time out Tuesday to plug what it called a success story ahead of President Obama 's State of the Union address . Citing a new report by the American Wind Energy Association , Obama spokesman Robert Gibbs said the administration 's much-criticized economic stimulus bill turned what had been a projected decline in new wind electricity generation in 2009 to a sharp increase . Gibbs said the association predicted the amount of new electricity produced by wind turbines would dip by 50 percent in 2009 , compared to the capacity added in 2008 . "  Instead , this tax credit came through the Recovery Act , and we saw a 39 percent increase in the number of wind plants , wind power , generated over the course of last year , " Gibbs said . Gibbs pointed to the administration 's assistance to the renewable energy industry as an example of "  investments for the future . " Did Gibbs correctly characterize the report 's findings ? Yes . But while the industry credits the stimulus bill with spurring new growth in 2009 , it says the new growth has n't necessarily translated into new jobs . The industry did add nearly 10,000 megawatts of generating capacity in 2009 , "  shattering any expectations we had for the year , given the financial crisis , " said Elizabeth Salerno , the AWEA 's director of industry data and analysis . Utilities had a strong first quarter of the year based on projects that were already in the works before the financial meltdown of 2008 . But projects dried up quickly in mid-year , before about $ 1.9 billion in renewable energy tax credits from the stimulus bill began to kick in , Salerno said . Once the rules for qualifying for those credits were drafted , companies began using them to raise private capital and the year finished "  significantly stronger " than expected , she said . "  That really is due to the Recovery Act . " Wind power produced about 1.6 percent of the electricity used in the United States though October 2009 , according to U.S. Department of Energy figures . That 's up from about 1.25 percent in all of 2008 , and the final figure for 2009 is likely to be close to 2 percent , Salerno said . But while the wind projects produced new jobs for people installing and maintaining the new generating units , the stimulus funding "  does n't necessarily translate to increases in manufacturing , " Salerno said . "  Overall , we 've had some gains and some losses , " she said . "  I think we 've been able to remain steady at about 85,000 jobs , which is about where we ended up at the end of 2008 . " Salerno said the industry will be closely watching Obama 's budget proposal , expected next week , for signs of continued support . "  Manufacturing needs a much longer time horizon to make investments , " she said . CNN 's Emma Lacey-Bordeaux contributed to this report .	White House spokesman says stimulus increased new wind electricity generation Report shows , however , the new growth has n't necessarily translated into new jobs Industry analyst : "  Overall , we 've had some gains and some losses "
CNN  Kayahan , one of Turkey 's best-loved singers and songwriters , died of cancer Friday at the age of 66 . He had performed most recently in Istanbul on Valentine 's Day . The performer , who was also an accomplished guitarist , was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 , the year he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest , and the year before he released the album that ignited his career . The cancer returned in 2005 and then again in 2014 , Turkey 's semiofficial Anadolu Agency reported . He died Friday in a hospital in Istanbul , five days after his 66th birthday . "  We are in grief over losing Kayahan , who contributed to Turkish music with countless compositions and marked a generation with his songs , " Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu tweeted . The singer , whose full name was Kayahan Acar , was born in Izmir province , in western Turkey on March 29 , 1949 . He grew up in Ankara , Turkey 's capital , before moving to Istanbul . In 1990 , he competed in the Eurovision Song Contest , finishing 17th . The following year he released an album titled "  I Made a Vow , " which catapulted him to prominence . Though he recorded nearly 20 albums , that one would remain his most popular . His final album was released in 2007 . Other artists recorded his material throughout his career . Videos available online show a vibrant performer with a thick shock of dark hair as he accompanies himself on guitar and croons in a clear tenor . Kayahan was best known for his love songs . More recent videos show a frailer performer , seated and without a guitar , but still clearly glorying in the joy of singing a song .	Kayahan wrote some of Turkey 's best-loved pop songs The singer was first diagnosed with cancer in 1990 He most recently performed in February in Istanbul
CNN  -- The suicide death of Robin Williams has generated interest in the relationship between creativity and depression . No one knows the nature of Mr. William 's problems  added to them today was the revelation that he was suffering with early stage Parkinson 's disease  , but the possibility of a link between "  madness " and creativity is ancient and persistent . It is also controversial ; some believe that making such a link romanticizes painful , potentially lethal illnesses and ignores the diversity of temperament and imagination that is essential to artistic work as a pathology . The evidence for such a link , however , especially between bipolar disorder and creativity , is strong and growing . Many biographical studies , as well as studies of living artists , writers , and musicians have found higher rates of mania , severe depression , and suicide in creative individuals . First-degree relatives  that is , a parent , offspring or sibling  of creative people with bipolar disorder or depression also have elevated rates of both mood disorders and creative accomplishment . Opinion : Why Robin Williams lost to depression In the past five years alone there have been four large studies  one that reported on 20,000 individuals and three others , each of which studied more than 700,000 individuals  , that found that those with bipolar illness were disproportionately likely to be overrepresented in creative occupations ; so too were their first-degree relatives . Additionally , the first-degree relatives of people with schizophrenia , although not those with schizophrenia , were more likely to be in creative occupations . Going public with depression Mood , temperament , behavioral and cognitive factors associated with bipolar illness can , in some people , make them more creative by increasing the fluency and originality of their thinking , as well as by increasing risk-taking , ambition , energy , exuberance and a desire to create meaning from suffering and chaos . It must be emphasized that most creative people do not have a mental illness and most people who have mental illnesses , such as bipolar disorder , are not unusually creative . It is rather that there is a disproportionate rate of mood disorders , especially bipolar disorder , in creative individuals . Untreated bipolar disorder is a painful illness that is associated with a very high rate of alcohol and drug abuse , as well as suicide . Opinion : Suicide does n't set you free It is a common illness and it usually first hits at a young age . Fortunately , treatment works and allows people to continue their creative work . I have had bipolar illness since I was 17 years old . It is a difficult illness and it nearly cost me my life , as it does tens of thousands of people every year . There is nothing romantic about psychosis , depression or suicide . The death of Robin Williams , who was admired and loved by so many , makes this clear .	Kay Jamison : Williams suicide has raised issue of link between creativity and depression She says studies show bipolar people disproportionately represented in creative jobs She says some who are bipolar are fluent , original thinkers eager to create meaning from chaos But , she says most creative people not mentally ill . This illness not romantic , so difficult
CNN  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton said Sunday some people are using her controversial reference to Robert F. Kennedy 's assassination to suggest that she meant something "  completely unthinkable . " Sen. Hillary Clinton says her supporters urge her to stay in the race until it is over . Her campaign also accused the rival Obama campaign of "  inflaming " the situation and purposely taking her words out of context . But the Obama campaign said it was not trying to "  stir the issue up . " In an editorial in the New York Daily News , the Democratic presidential hopeful also acknowledged her dwindling chances of winning the nomination , saying she is aware of "  the odds " against her . Headlined "  Hillary : Why I continue to run , " the editorial began with an explanation of her reference to the assassination when she was speaking to the Argus Leader newspaper in South Dakota . She said she was pointing out that presidential primary campaigns have continued into June . "  Almost immediately , some took my comments entirely out of context and interpreted them to mean something completely different -- and completely unthinkable , " she wrote . Watch Hillary 's camp insist the remark had nothing to do with Obama " Clinton said the newspaper 's editor and Bobby Kennedy Jr. issued statements arguing that was the meaning of her remark . No other member of the Kennedy family has issued a public statement on the matter . "  I realize that any reference to that traumatic moment for our nation can be deeply painful -- particularly for members of the Kennedy family , who have been in my heart and prayers over this past week , " she said , in a reference to Sen. Edward Kennedy 's diagnosis with brain cancer . "  And I expressed regret right away for any pain I caused . "  But I was deeply dismayed and disturbed that my comment would be construed in a way that flies in the face of everything I stand for -- and everything I am fighting for in this election . " Some people -- particularly a number of bloggers -- have suggested she was imagining the possibility that Sen. Barack Obama , the likely nominee , could be assassinated . After Clinton 's initial remarks to the newspaper were reported , the Obama campaign issued a statement saying the comment "  was unfortunate and has no place in this campaign . " But Obama himself later said , "  I do n't think that Senator Clinton intended anything by it , " and that "  we should put it behind us . " Clinton campaign chairman Terry McAuliffe , in an interview Sunday , criticized the Obama campaign 's first move . "  It 's unfortunate -- a hyped-up press over Memorial Day weekend , the Obama campaign inflaming it , tried to take these words out of context , " he told "  Fox News Sunday . " Asked about the remark by Obama himself , McAuliffe responded , "  That 's great , but Friday they were all part of this process . The press secretary came out and attacked Senator Clinton and got it going so the story would be around for three days . " Howard Wolfson , a Clinton adviser , told CBS ' "  Face the Nation " that the Obama campaign 's first statement critical of Clinton was "  unfortunate . " But Obama 's chief strategist David Axelrod told ABC 's "  This Week " that "  we take her at her word , " and he added , "  We 're beyond that issue now , so certainly we 're not trying to stir the issue up . " The program 's host , George Stephanopoulos , noted that a member of Obama 's staff sent to the media Saturday a "  searing commentary " by MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann slamming Clinton for her remark . "  Mr. Olbermann did his commentary and he had his opinion , " Axelrod responded , adding , "  As far as we 're concerned , this issue is done . " On another front , Axelrod slammed Clinton for suggesting she leads Obama in the popular vote . Clinton has been making that argument , based on figures that include Florida and Michigan , even though Obama took his name off the ballot in Michigan and neither candidate campaigned in Florida . The Democratic Party discounted both states ' primaries before they took place . "  It would take some very tortured math and tortured logic to say that she 's ahead in the popular vote , " Axelrod told ABC . He added , "  This is n't ` American Idol , ' OK ? This is a nominating process . We have rules . We elect delegates state by state . " In her column , Clinton said she believes she can still "  win on the merits . " "  I am not unaware of the challenges or the odds of my securing the nomination -- but this race remains extraordinarily close , and hundreds of thousands of people in upcoming primaries are still waiting to vote , " she wrote . She added that her parents "  did not raise me to be a quitter -- and too many people still come up to me at my events , grip my arm and urge me not to walk away before this contest is over . " She also said she is running "  because I believe staying in this race will help unite the Democratic Party . I believe that if Senator Obama and I both make our case -- and all Democrats have the chance to make their voices heard -- in the end , everyone will be more likely to rally around the nominee . " She repeated her vow to campaign for Obama if he gets the nomination , and wrote , "  No matter what happens in this primary , I am committed to unifying this party . " Obama was in Middleton , Connecticut , where he was standing in for the ailing Edward Kennedy who was scheduled to deliver the commencement at Wesleyan University . Watch Obama tell graduates they have an obligation " The theme of Obama 's speech was service , and the senator asked graduates to volunteer their time at home and abroad to fight poverty , preserve peace and protect the environment "  But I hope you 'll remember , during those times of doubt and frustration , that there is nothing naive about your impulse to change this world , " he said . "  Because all it takes is one act of service -- one blow against injustice -- to send forth that tiny ripple of hope that Robert Kennedy spoke of . "	Barack Obama denounces remark , then says to "  put it behind us " Hillary Clinton 's camp says Obama intentionally stoking controversy Clinton says in editorial she knows the odds are against her getting nomination Obama mentions Robert Kennedy in imploring Wesleyan graduates to volunteer
New York  CNN  -- Alleged drug kingpin Christopher "  Dudus " Coke , who was extradited to the United States from Jamaica , pleaded not guilty to drug and weapons charges in a New York courtroom Friday . He entered a full courtroom at 2:03 p.m. and acknowledged his few family members present with a nod . The judge greeted him with "  Good afternoon , Mr. Coke , " to which the seemingly calm Coke did n't respond . After entering his plea , Coke stood and answered "  yes sir " to every question regarding understanding his indictments . The court-assigned attorney told the judge he has not been permanently assigned to case because the Coke family hired attorneys Frank Doddato and Steven Rosen . Doddato is the lead attorney . Coke was extradited Thursday , two days after he was taken into custody in Jamaica and several hours after he had waived his right to an extradition hearing there . Coke arrived at White Plains-Westchester County Airport outside New York City around 7 p.m. Armed Drug Enforcement Administration agents and U.S. marshals escorted him to a waiting SUV . Coke was dressed in a blue shirt and black pants with his hands cuffed behind his back . He appeared subdued , a smirk on his face . "  I love the people of Jamaica , " he said in response to a question from a Jamaican reporter . Coke , 40 , said in a statement that he decided to waive his right to an extradition hearing of his own free will , and did so "  even though I am of the belief that my case would have been successfully argued in the courts of Jamaica . " According to a superseding indictment filed in Manhattan federal court , Coke has led a criminal organization known as the "  Shower Posse " since the early 1990s , with members in the United States , Jamaica and other countries . "  At Coke 's direction and under his protection , members of his criminal organization sold marijuana and crack cocaine in the New York area and elsewhere , and sent the narcotics proceeds back to Coke and his co-conspirators , " the U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York said in a news release . "  Coke and his co-conspirators also armed their organization with illegally trafficked firearms , " the release said . Coke is charged with conspiracy to distribute cocaine and marijuana and conspiracy to illegally traffic in firearms . If convicted on the narcotics charge , he would face a maximum sentence of life in prison and a mandatory minimum sentence of 10 years in prison , as well as a fine of up to $ 4 million . He would face a maximum sentence of five years in prison on the firearms trafficking charge and a fine of up to $ 250,000 . Coke was arrested on Tuesday when Jamaican police recognized him at a checkpoint . He was wearing a woman 's wig when he was caught , a federal law enforcement source told CNN . Last month 's failed attempt to arrest Coke sparked four days of gun battles between security forces and his supporters in Kingston that left 76 people dead . Coke , who is also known as "  President , " "  Shortman " and "  General , " said he was "  deeply upset and saddened by the unnecessary loss of lives " and said the deaths "  could have been avoided . " "  Everyone , the whole country , has been adversely affected by the process that has surrounded my extradition and I hope that my action today will go some way towards healing all who have suffered and will be of benefit to the community of Tivoli Gardens , " a neighborhood where violence erupted , he said Thursday . CNN 's Mark Norman , Eden Pontz and Eliott McLaughlin contributed to this report .	NEW : Christopher "  Dudus " Coke was wearing woman 's wig when captured Coke was extradited Thursday from Jamaica Indictment says Coke was leader of the "  Shower Posse " He faces narcotics and weapons trafficking charges
London , England  CNN  -- Working together must be easy for Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner , the award-winning movie producers . More often than not , the co-chairmen of Working Title Films finish off each other 's sentences , revealing a mutual respect that has its roots in a strong friendship that has spanned two decades . The London-based producers began working together in 1992 . Two years later , they had their first massive hit , "  Four Weddings and a Funeral . " It took $ 245 million worldwide by then ticket prices , according to boxofficemojo.com , with more than three-quarters of that coming from outside the United States . Since then the pair have been on a rollercoaster ride . Their long list of worldwide blockbusters includes "  Bridget Jones Diary , " "  Notting Hill " and "  Billy Elliott , " proving , more than once , that you do n't have to be American to be a success in Hollywood . Here , the champions of the British film industry talk exclusively to CNN about the future of movies , bad reviews and why they do n't sleep at nights . The Screening Room : What exactly does a producer do ? Tim Bevan : A producer facilitates a film being made ; there are different levels of facilitation . For instance , we work with the Coen -LSB- Brothers -RSB- a lot on their movies . They know what they 're doing . They 've got a great deal of experience . So , the facilitation is raising the money and ensuring that it 's spent correctly -- but they 're responsible in doing that -- and then working on the marketing and distribution of the films . At the other end of the spectrum , we would facilitate a film that is an idea we 'd had ourselves and we 're intimately involved in all areas of the production , as well as financing it and overseeing the marketing and distribution . Eric Fellner : There are three key components ; the financial aspects , the making aspect and the marketing aspect . You 've got to come with the idea , get it made brilliantly with the best possible people and then get it to the market as quickly and as effectively as you can . TSR : What are the attributes a producer should have or needs to have in order to survive in this business ? TB : The producer needs to be a fool -- a determined fool ! You have to be incredibly tenacious because there are a lot of "  nos " out there , the whole thing is a bit like herding cats . You have to keep at it and keep at it and one day you get there , to the movie . EF : The natural response to anything one is trying to do is "  no . " The only way you can make things happen is by turning the "  nos " into "  yeses . " TSR : How have the market conditions changed from when this company first started and when you first made the film that made your name ? TB : The biggest thing that has changed is the cost of making films because like everything it 's gone up and up and up . Even bigger than the cost of making films is the cost of marketing them . TSR : How has the recession impacted your industry ? EF : I think it 's a bit too early to say . We 've only had nine months worth of films out in this downturn period . From what I see , it looks like as many , if not more , people are going to the cinema but they are going to less types of movies . If they 're going to make the effort to go out , it looks to me like they 're going out because they want to be purely entertained . They do n't want thought-provoking , they do n't want difficult , they do n't want dark , they do n't want dramatic . They want things that are going to take them out of their everyday lives . TSR : How important are negative reviews ? TB : Really bad reviews can hurt pretty much any movie . They say that some films are review-proof but I think that 's probably big high-concept movies , comedies and so on . But , on the whole , if a film gets dreadful reviews it will affect its business . TSR : Is there a film that has kept you awake at night or you thought would never get made ? EF : Every single one . They 're all enormously difficult propositions . There 's no such thing as an easy film . In terms of a film that was kind of pivotal , boringly we have to say "  Four Weddings " because it was the first big hit that we had and it gave everyone a certain confidence that we had n't had before , that you can make a small British film and take it out around the world as a success . Up until then , a lot of the films we 'd been making had critical success , but none of them had really found their mark on a business level . We were probably 25-30 movies in between us . We were a long way into our careers . TB : But it was n't only for us , it was for British films actually . It proved to the world that a British movie could go out and do Hollywood-style business around the world and , interestingly , as it has been proven in a lot of our subsequent movies , it was out of the territories outside of America where that revenue really came from . TSR : Why does this partnership work so well ? TB : I think it 's a mutual respect . We learnt very early on that it was much better to make the big decisions together -- shall we make the movie , who 's going to be in it , who 's going to direct it -- and then for one of us to run with the film from there , because that way we can cover more ground . Also , it 's an easy way of doing it . We 're not likely to step on each other toes that way around .	Award-winning producers Tim Bevan and Eric Fellner began their partnership in 1992 They are responsible for some of the UK movie industry 's biggest successes They talk exclusively about their collaboration , the future of the industry and bad reviews
Panmunjom , Korean border  CNN  -- Just ahead of the demilitarized zone  DMZ  that separates North and South Korea , the world 's most tense border , South Koreans take their last chance to protest -- behind them lies no-man 's land . "  There are no human beings in the DMZ , " says CNN 's Kyung Lah as she waits for a military escort into the area . The presence of five lone protesters on this remote and heavily policed strip of road provides an incongruous welcoming party to a strip of land so explosive that visitors are told not to point or draw attention to themselves in any way . "  It 's weird . There 's just five of them wearing South Korean flags and they 're protesting against North Korea and urging the reopening of Kaesong , " she says , referring to the joint venture industrial zone that Pyongyang recently restricted access to . The Wednesday media tours of the DMZ are a regular target of South Korea 's die-hard protesters ; a last chance to get their message across before the press enter a zone where mobile phones and any type of communication is strictly forbidden . Just two kilometers further along the road lies the knife edge in the tensions between the two Koreas . Panmunjom Truce Village is a study in barely contained hostility : on one side South Korean border guards adopt the pugnacious stance -- arms behind back , legs astride -- that has become one of the abiding feature of the DMZ . On the other side , the high peaked hats of their North Korean antagonists glare through binoculars at their foes just a few hundred meters away . "  This is the weekly press tour , they hold them every Wednesday , the difference this time is that the tensions are higher , " Lah says . "  At other times when there have n't been so many reporters , the press have been able to interview soldiers , and do stand-up reports along the border . "  We were n't granted any of that . It was like they had a stopwatch on every single stop we had -- they did n't want us to linger too long . As always , they did n't want us to point at anything in case the North Koreans misinterpreted it . " While visibly not much has changed along the DMZ -- the North 's Propaganda Village with its fake facades and preposterously large flagpole still baldly punctuates the view -- the tensions were felt in the heightened restrictions . "  At certain points they restricted our visuals , told us not to shoot , but mainly it was time : ` Hurry up move along , hurry up move along ' . " Speaking to Americans at the border , Lah says there was more concern among Americans stationed and living in South Korea . Timeline : North Korea 's war of words escalates "  But basically viewed it 's viewed by them as an ugly sibling rivalry between the Koreas , " Lah says . The DMZ stretches for 250 kilometers  160 miles  and is approximately 4 km wide , according to the U.S. State Department . Despite its name which suggests otherwise , it is the world 's most heavily militarized border . On the southern side , South Korea has 639,000 battle-ready troops , and 2.9 million reserves , according to South Korean government figures . They are backed by a permanent force of 28,500 U.S. armed forces , according to U.S. government figures . North Korea , meanwhile , has one of the largest standing armies in the world . The Korean People 's Army has an estimated 1.1 million military personnel under arms and a massive 8.2 million in reserve , according to CIA World Factbook figures . Under the Armistice Agreement of July 27 , 1953 , the DMZ required both sides to back off 2,000 m  2,200 yards  from the frontline along the 38th parallel . Running down the middle of the DMZ is a line known as the military demarcation line  DML  which indicates exactly where the front was when the armistice was signed that ended the Korean War in 1953 . Soldiers from both sides are permitted to patrol the DMZ but none is permitted to cross the DML . Since 1953 , more than 500 South Korean soldiers and 50 Americans have been killed along the DMZ . The high point of the tension along the DMZ occurred between 1966 and 1969 during the Korean DMZ conflict : 397 North Koreans , 299 South Koreans and 43 Americans were killed during the low-intensity conflict . Despite a thaw since the heady days of the Cold War , the DMZ is still among one of the most dangerous places on earth . In October last year , an 18-year-old North Korean Army private defected , crossing the DMZ undetected after killing two of his senior officers .	Demilitarized zone  DMZ  between Koreas is most volatile border region on earth Tensions were higher on regular weekly press tour of the DMZ truce village at Panmunjom Since 1953 , more than 500 South Korean soldiers , 50 American have been killed along DMZ N. Korea has as many as 1.1 million battle-ready troops . S. Korea has 639,000
New Delhi  CNN  -- In India , milk is used in holy ceremonies , it is offered to the gods , poured over deities and generally considered the healthiest of drinks . But a first-of-its-kind government survey reveals that a stunning 68.4 % of milk sold in India does not meet basic government standards . The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India tested milk across the country . It took 1,791 samples -- and of of those , 1,226 were found to be "  non-conforming . " In seven Indian states , 100 % of the samples failed to meet standards . Some samples contained water and milk powders ; others included potentially toxic ingredients . "  We found about 14 % of the samples which found traces of detergent , " said V.N. Gaur , the chief executive officer of the food safety authority . In lesser percentages , the tests also found hydrogen peroxide and urea -- a substance found in fertilizer and urine . "  There is a problem and they need to face it head-on and they have to kind of really take some strict action against those people who are violating simple consumer rights of getting a clean glass of milk , " said Savvy Soumya Misra , the food safety and toxins deputy program manager with the Center for Science and Environment . Doctors say ingested over long periods of time , chemicals like detergent can eat away the lining of intestines , stomach and affect the liver and the kidneys . Just adding water to the milk can pose a real danger in India where waterborne illnesses are commonplace . "  What you get is diarrhea . Vomiting . What we call gastroenteritis , " said Dr. Suranjit Chatterjee , a senior consultant for internal medicine at Delhi 's Apollo hospital said . "  You can get something like cholera . You can have jaundice . There are infections like typhoid fever , which are all part of water-borne infections in this part of the world . " At a dairy on the outskirts of India 's capital , a worker dilution is widely practiced -- but that his plant does not participate . "  A lot of people do it . They add water and take the milk and sell it , " Ram Prasad said . "  They add water because it increases the quantity of milk and there is more to sell . " The milk industry in India is a chaotic mix of producers and sellers . Milk comes to the market in many different ways . It can be carried in on the heads of farmers in pails , put in containers which are strapped to a train or a bicycle , or delivered in a massive milk truck . In many places , including the capital , fresh milk is still delivered to homes . The sources also vary : from a family with three cows , to farms with more than 30 cows and buffaloes , to huge dairy plants . Government authorities say 70 % of the milk on the market comes from small to medium farms that operate in , what is known , as the "  unorganized sector . " In the government test , less than a third of the milk samples came from large producers . While India has strict regulations in place to ensure milk safety , consumer advocates say enforcement is so lax it 's laughable . "  Well it does reflect that there is a need to strengthen our implementation machinery , Gaur said . "  That need is definitely underlined by this study . " But , he said , his office has been granted new powers recently and it plans on more surveys . He expects there will be better enforcement in the coming weeks , months and years . Food safety watchdog groups say milk dilution has been around for decades . They hope the milk survey will mean good news for consumers because -- for the first time -- the government itself has revealed the true scope of the problem and pledged to do something about it . CNN 's Sumnima Das contributed to this report .	In seven Indian states , 100 % of the samples failed to meet standards In most case , the milk is diluted with water and milk powder In some case , the survey found traces of detergent Watchdog groups hope the survey will prompt the government to get tough
CNN  -- With construction cranes and steel skyscrapers dominating the skyline of Luanda , the capital of Angola , it is hard to overlook how far the southwestern African country has come since the end of its brutal civil war in 2002 . Over the last decade , the oil-rich nation has emerged from the wreckage of a 27-year vicious conflict to become today one of the major economic players in the continent . As the country , sub-Saharan Africa 's third-largest economy , heads to the polls Friday for its second peacetime elections , a new generation of post-war youth , many of whom have no direct memories of conflict , will cast their ballots for the first time . "  There 's a new generation coming , emerging in the scene , " says Markus Weimer , coordinator of the Angola Forum at Chatham House . "  New generation , new ideas and new demands on the government which is very interesting and that is one of the reasons why these elections are so important . " New constitution Friday 's elections will only be Angola 's third poll since the lusophone country gained independence from Portugal in 1975 -- elections in 1992 were abandoned midway and led to an outbreak of further violence , while the 2008 parliamentary vote was won by the ruling MPLA party with a landslide 82 % . Under the terms of a new constitution approved in 2010 , the leader of the party that wins Friday 's parliamentary vote will automatically become Angola 's president . "  This is the first time since 1992 that the President will have a democratic mandate , " says Weimer . Watch : Angola 's growth Nine political parties and coalitions , including MPLA 's civil war enemy UNITA , are running on Friday 's elections , when more than nine million voters will go to the polls to elect the 220 members of the National Assembly . Analysts expect MPLA to win again with a sizeable majority , allowing incumbent President Jose Eduardo dos Santos , who 's been in power since 1979 , to have five more years in office . Opinion : Is oil-rich Angola a development success ? They note , however , that the ruling party 's margin of victory will be smaller than in 2008 . "  I think that the last elections where MPLA won the 82 % of the vote is unlikely to be repeated , " says Weimer . "  That was a ` freak ' sort of result that had many historical and social reasons -- the war , demographics , etc. -- but I think this is now going to drop . " Electoral process In 2008 , UNITA accused MPLA of rigging the elections after gaining 10 % of the vote . The opposition party has also been complaining about irregularities since the start of the current election campaign , arguing that the MPLA controls the state media and undermines the electoral process . While both the Southern African Development Community and the African Union have sent a team of election observers in Angola , the European Union has decided not to deploy a mission in the country -- in contrast to the 2008 poll . "  That could be a serious deficit , " says Weimer , adding that "  legitimacy is the most crucial issue " of Friday 's vote . He notes that the ruling party has the most to lose if the poll is seen as illegitimate , both within the country and abroad . "  If these elections are fine and everything goes smoothly , then it will send a signal to the world that Angola is not just a country that is run by one person , but actually institutions than can provide stability , " says Weimer . Economic boom The long-serving Dos Santos , who turned 70 on Tuesday , has maintained peace and political stability in the country since 2002 , presiding over Angola 's post-war economic growth and rebuilding efforts . Greased by growing oil revenues and China 's credit lines of billions of dollars , Angola 's economy rocketed by an average annual growth of 17 % from 2004 to 2008 before falling to single-digit figures after the 2008 crisis . Watch : Angola 's economic potential Angola is the second-biggest oil producer in Africa , turning out more than 1.9 million barrels per day , and boasts an expanding investment portfolio in its former colonial master , Portugal , and other parts of Africa . Tasked with rebuilding the country after decades of fighting , the government has pumped vast sums in recent years to repair a shattered infrastructure as well as build hospitals , universities and sports centers . Currently , it also allocates over 30 % of its budget to social spending . Sharing the oil wealth ? But despite the heady financial data and the progress made since 2002 , Angola still remains one of the most unequal societies in the world . The country , which has a population of some 18 million people , ranks 148th out of 187 countries in the U.N. 's Human Development Index . This year the economy is expected to expand by 8.2 % but critics say the billions of dollars from oil revenues have failed to close the stark gap between a tiny wealthy elite and the millions of poor living without access to electricity , water supply and sanitation . Next to the sleek skyscrapers and luxury apartments in Luanda , which was last year named as the world 's most expensive city for expats , ramshackle shantytowns and crowded slums spread for miles toward every direction , housing millions of people living on less than $ 2 a day . "  The MPLA and this government has not developed the country . It 's made lots of projects and has pulled in a lot of investments but nothing has actually trickled down , " says Paula Cristina Roque , an Angola expert at Oxford University . "  We have n't seen peace dividends of the nature that we need to see to actually cut back the poverty levels in the country , " she adds . Corruption further exacerbates discontent among the population , with Angola ranked 168th out of 183 countries on Transparency International 's 2011 Corruption Perceptions Index . Calls for economy diversification Last year , Angola 's mining sector , dominated by oil , accounted for nearly half of the country 's GDP . But , with the petroleum sector providing jobs for 1 % of the population , many have long been calling for the country to take more bold steps to diversify its economy to create jobs and help people lift out of poverty -- unemployment has been averaging an estimated 26 % in the last five years . "  Whatever the Angolan economy does , it needs to create jobs , it needs to sustain itself beyond oil , " says Roque . "  They absolutely need to diversify and very quickly . " New generation Amid such a background , a number of small but consistent demonstrations have taken place in Angola since last year , revealing a growing frustration over the economic hardship still experienced by many in the country . Over the last few months , civil war veterans have taken to the streets to demand overdue subsidy payments while parts of disgruntled youth and civil rights activists have also staged rallies to voice their concerns over the lack of jobs and opportunities . Roque says the injection of a dynamic post-war youth into Angolan politics could shape the country 's politics on Friday and beyond . "  People are no longer willing to give them -LSB- the government -RSB- a blind mandate , " she says . "  They 're actually now wanting more accountability and we 've started seeing that in every way ... The fear barrier has been lifted in Angola . "	Angola is heading to the polls Friday for its second peacetime elections A new generation of post-war youth will vote for the first time Incumbent President Jose Eduardo dos Santos is expected to win The oil-rich country 's economy is booming but inequality remains
BEDFORD HEIGHTS , Ohio  CNN  -- After two years of traveling around the country and criticizing President Bush , President-elect Barack Obama said Friday that he "  always thought -LSB- Bush -RSB- was a good guy . " Barack Obama tells CNN 's John King that it was "  tough " for him to request the additional bailout funds . "  I mean , I think personally he is a good man who loves his family and loves his country , " Obama said in an exclusive interview with CNN 's John King . During the election season , Obama frequently campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies " and promised a "  clean break " from the past eight years . Asked if there was anything he wanted to take back , now that he has spent more time with the president , Obama praised Bush 's team for helping with a smooth transition and said part of what America is about is being able to have "  disagreements politically and yet treat each other civilly . " Obama also said he thought Bush made "  the best decisions that he could at times under some very difficult circumstances . " "  That does not detract from my assessment that over the last several years , we have made a series of bad choices and we are now going to be inheriting the consequences of a lot of those bad choices , " Obama said . In addition to his relationship with Bush , Obama also discussed some key issues that he will face in the first days of his administration , including national security and the economy . Even before taking the oath of office , Obama has already faced a showdown with Congress over releasing what remains of the $ 700 bailout bill that Bush and Congress authorized before the election . The $ 350 billion that the Senate approved will come with specific conditions , Obama said . "  There 's nothing wrong with us placing some conditions , making sure that the money 's not going to executive compensation , making sure you 're not seeing big dividend payoffs to shareholders and making sure that money is being left so that we can get credit flowing again , not just for individual homeowners who are losing their homes , but also small businesses who are the lifeblood of this economy . "  If they ca n't get credit , then they end up having to shutter their doors . And when they shutter their doors , people lose jobs . They then ca n't pay their mortgage , and you start down the road that we 're on . We want to reverse that path , and that means that 's the way we use the next $ 350 billion that Congress voted on , and that was a very tough vote for a lot of people . And it was tough for me to have to request it , " he said . Obama sat down with King after he took a factory tour in Bedford Heights , Ohio .	Barack Obama says Bush made "  the best decisions that he could at times " Obama campaigned against what he called Bush 's "  failed policies " Obama says it was "  tough " to have to request bailout funds
CNN  Israel 's next prime minister -- whether incumbent Benjamin Netanyahu or Labor Party leader Isaac Herzog -- will be faced with a myriad of international and domestic crises amid deepening tensions with the United States , its closest ally . Here are five key issues waiting in the new leader 's inbox after Tuesday 's election . 1 . Repairing relations with the United States There are any number of irritants -- from settlement construction to failed peace talks to Israeli military action in Gaza and Lebanon -- which have long tested the alliance between Washington and Israel . But ties have grown increasingly strained between President Barack Obama and Netanyahu , playing out over the last several years in a series of awkward photo-ops , anonymous quotes in U.S. and Israeli media and tense body language . Relations hit a low point recently with Netanyahu 's speech to Congress criticizing President Obama 's policy toward Iran about its nuclear program . Repairing ties with the White House becomes easier if the next government is formed under Herzog , who has pledged to "  restore intimacy and trust " with the leadership in Washington . Repairing ties becomes more difficult if Netanyahu remains in office . For all its official praise for the "  unshakable bonds " between the U.S. and Israel , the White House sees Netanyahu as the problem . If Netanyahu is re-elected , they will have to work with him . Personal relations may be fraught now , but Obama has never suggested watering down or delaying mostly military U.S. aid to Israel , which amounts to $ 3 billion a year . Privately , however , U.S. officials have warned the level of Washington 's political support for Israel with allies and at the United Nations could be affected by Netanyahu 's attitude toward the Obama administration . 2 . Confronting Iran World powers are pushing toward a framework nuclear deal with Iran before the March 31 deadline . The next prime minister will take office shortly before a July deadline for a final deal and will need to reach key understandings with Washington on what security and diplomatic guarantees the United States will provide Israel if the deal goes forward . In addition , Israel will want input on what constitutes a violation of the deal and what would trigger punitive measures if Iran reneges . If he remains in office , Netanyahu 's differing perceptions of the threat posed by Iran will undoubtedly come to a head as that deadline approaches . Netanyahu has been clear he believes history has handed him the role of delivering the Jewish state from an existential threat posed by Tehran 's nuclear ambitions . He worries that the agreement that emerges will leave Iran as a nuclear "  threshold state " with the materials and expertise to quickly break out and build a nuclear weapon . Herzog has similarly said he would never accept a nuclear Iran and stresses all options are on the table , including the military options . But he has suggested as prime minister he would work closer with the Obama administration and other governments negotiating with Iran to strengthen a deal , rather than try and block the deal through the US Congress . Beyond the nuclear deal , the next Israeli will leader will face an increasingly emboldened Iran in the region . Beyond it 's longstanding support to Hezbollah in Lebanon and backing of the al-Assad government in Syria , Iran has extended its involvement in Iraq 's battle against ISIS and has provided support to Houthis in Yemen . Israeli officials say Iran is actively working to open up a front against Israel in the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights . Iran said in January an Iranian general had been killed in an Israeli airstrike in the area . 3 . Solving problems with Palestinians The breakdown last April of peace talks led by Secretary of State John Kerry led the Palestinians to take unilateral steps in international forums such as the United Nations and the International Criminal Court . In response , Israel has halted delivering tax revenues , which it collects on the Palestinians ' behalf , seriously squeezing their economy . Now the Palestinians are threatening to halt security cooperation with Israel . Coupled with a lack of a viable peace process and a potential economic collapse of the Palestinian authority , the lack of security coordination would present a total breakdown of cooperation between the two sides . The next Israeli leader will need to stop this free fall before this dangerous cocktail of instability leads to further chaos and perhaps a third intifada . The differences between Netanyahu and Herzog seem to be more style than substance . During the campaign , Netanyahu has hedged on his longstanding support for a two-state solution , but has not abandoned the idea entirely . Herzog has pledged to restart the peace process , but has expressed skepticism about whether Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas is a reliable partner . The new prime minister must also deal with an ever worsening humanitarian situation in Gaza , where rebuilding has been slow after last summer 's Operation Protective Edge . Egypt has basically cut off the border , further squeezing the strip . While there has been little violence since last year 's war , Hamas has not been demilitarized and another round of fighting could be just another matter of time . Although Hamas belongs to a unity government with Abbas ' Fatah party , Abbas continues to exercise little influence over the group . 4 . Addressing growing social inequality While Israeli voters traditionally cite security issues as a driving factor , the high cost of living has emerged as a major focus in this election season . Sky-high housing prices are of particular concern . Last month , Israel 's state comptroller issued a report finding housing prices in the country rose by 55 % between 2008 and 2014 . Rising food prices are another key issue . In July 2011 , Israel saw a massive wave of social protests centering on the expensive housing market and food prices . Dubbed the "  cottage cheese " protests -- because of the rising cost of cottage cheese , a staple in many Israelis pantry -- they were emblematic of a broader concern that Netanyahu 's relentless focus on security issues was at the expense of domestic issues . Polls indicate the growing frustration with the economy has resulted in a shift from Netanyahu to Herzog . Herzog has pledged to spend 7 billion shekels  about $ 1.75 billion U.S.  on affordable housing , health care and other social programs for the middle class , which he called the "  sandwich generation . " For the most part , Netanyahu has not addressed the economy in his few campaign events , focusing more on his strong security credentials . In recent days , he pointed to a 5 % decrease in food prices and an increase in affordable housing during his tenure , but acknowledged that the rising costs of living and housing prices were not "  fully addressed " by his government and promised to make the economy a top priority if re-elected . 5 . Reversing Israel 's isolation on the world stage Israel 's next prime minister will need to repair Israel 's increasingly frayed ties with once-friendly countries and its deepening worldwide isolation . Leading opposition candidate Tzipi Livni , who once served as Netanyahu 's main peace negotiator , accused Netanyahu of being responsible for a "  diplomatic tsunami " against Israel . Indeed , Netanyahu 's aggressive style has been cited as a major factor in strained ties with the United States and Europe -- a perception caught in a hot-mic conversation between President Obama and French President Nicolas Sarkozy in 2011 , in which Sarkozy lamented he could n't "  bear " Netanyahu , calling him a "  liar . " Obama replied , "  You 're fed up with him , but I have to deal with him even more often than you . " Regardless of who is Israel 's next leader , Israel faces growing worldwide frustration over its policies towards the Palestinians , particularly settlement construction . The European Union , Israel 's largest trading partner , is in the process of canceling tax exemptions on Israeli products made in settlements in the occupied West Bank and is considering plans to label the origin of other products made in settlements . Federica Mogherini , the EU 's new foreign policy chief , is seeking a greater role in helping to mediate the Israeli-Palestinian conflict . In the absence of a viable peace process , several European nations have already recognized a Palestinian state , with several more promising to consider such a move . This makes Israel ever more dependent on U.S. diplomatic support , including its veto at the United Nations . Washington has traditionally defended Israel against Palestinians efforts to achieve recognition at the United Nations and legal action at the International Criminal Court . And it has lobbied its European allies against sanctions on Israeli exports . As with the United States , it would seem easier to repair these frayed ties under a Herzog-led government . If re-elected , Netanyahu will have his work cut out for him	Benjamin Netanyahu trying to hold leadership post against Isaac Herzog Iran , relations with Palestinians among key issues But there also are domestic economic concerns
Washington  CNN  -- The names involved in the escalating crisis in Ukraine -- Crimea , Sevastopol , Simferopol -- make it sound far away and far removed from America 's allies and its interests . But the tensions there in fact hit very close to home for the United States . First , Ukraine is not a distant empire but an integral part of Europe . Its capital , Kiev , is just a short flight from cities Americans visit all the time : Rome , Frankfurt , Paris . And , it is neighbors with some of America 's closest allies . Just along its western border are Poland , Hungary , Slovakia , and Romania . All four are members of NATO and , as a result , the United States is obligated to defend them militarily if they come under threat . Ukraine is not a NATO member , but there had been discussions in recent years of enhancing ties . Second , a tug of war is playing out inside Ukraine between East and West . President Barack Obama has said the Ukraine crisis is not part of "  some Cold War chessboard , " but Cold War-era divisions are evident on the ground . Ukraine 's east is predominantly ethnic Russian and Russian speaking . The percentage is as high as 75 % in the easternmost areas . Ukraine 's west , by contrast , is dominated by ethnic Ukrainians . In the westernmost areas , fewer than 5 % speak Russian . Obama : U.S. weighing steps to ` isolate Russia ' over Ukraine crisis Those cultural and historic divisions pull western Ukraine toward the West and Europe , and eastern Ukraine into the arms of Russia . Now , it is not black and white . Even in the hotly contested Crimean peninsula , two out of five residents are not Russian . But Ukraine 's demographic map displays a clear division , which is now playing out in cities and towns and -- it appears -- even inside military bases . "  To be sure , there is an East-West divide in Ukraine , but I think it 's often overstated in the West , " said Steven Pifer , a former U.S. ambassador to Ukraine . "  Certainly in the last two decades of Ukraine 's independence , that line has blurred a lot , " Pifer said . "  Bear in mind , in eastern Ukraine , while the majority of the people there may speak Russian , it 's still a majority population that are ethnic Ukrainian . The only place in Ukraine where Russians are an ethnic majority is Crimea . " "  My sense is that in eastern Ukraine while they might not be wholly comfortable with what has happened in Kiev in the last 10 days , they are not talking about separatism . It 's a very big distinction between eastern Ukraine and Crimea . Third , as Secretary of State John Kerry said Sunday , Russia 's military intervention violates international law , the United Nations charter and several post-war military agreements -- all of which designed to keep the peace in Europe following several 20th century wars . Russia 's violation of those agreements calls into question its ability to keep the peace going forward as well as basic principles such as the sanctity of international borders . Kerry rebukes Russia 's ` incredible act of aggression ' in move into Ukraine Russia is claiming that ethnic Russians in Ukraine are calling for Russian help , a claim with little so far to support it on the ground . And , looking forward , experts note there are many more Russians in , for instance , the Baltic state of Latvia , which , unlike Ukraine , is a NATO ally . What would happen if Russia did the same there ? So what are Russia 's interests ? Why would it risk so much for a seemingly tiny corner of Ukraine . The answer lies with one of those distant-sounding places mentioned at the start of the piece : Sevastopol . Crimea caught in a ` war of information ' Sevastopol is home to the base of Russia 's Black Sea Fleet . It is Russia 's only warm-water port , the only port Russia has that provides access to the Black Sea , the Mediterranean and the Atlantic year-round . This is an essential tool for projecting Russian military power abroad . When Ukraine 's government abruptly shifted from pro-Russian to pro-European following protests in Kiev , Russia appeared to identify a threat to its core interests . "  I think what were really seeing are the initial steps in some form  $ " maybe premature on my part , but that 's OK -- of an annexation by Russia , " said retired Army Gen. James "  Spider " Marks , a CNN contributor . Its response is the massive military intervention the world is witnessing right now . Marks said the key thing is to ensure that the crisis does n't escalate . And to accept reality . "  I think the United States and the international community is probably going to have to accept a half a loaf -- in other words , the annexation of Crimea may be a fait accompli . We have to accept that and have to acknowledge that if  Russian President Vladimr  Putin is not going to act against Ukraine , it 's certainly in our best interest , " Marks said . "  This might , in fact , be Version Two of containment -- in fact I 'd suggest it is . "	Ukraine uprising stokes Cold War tensions Ukrainian melting pot of cultures and loyalties complicates politics Russia 's military intervention calls into question sanctity of international borders U.S. , international community may have to accept Russian annexation of Crimea , if it occurs
Washington  CNN  -- An array of talents was on display Sunday at the Kennedy Center Honors gala where President Barack Obama toasted the lifetime achievements of an iconic ballerina , a famed comedian , a timeless actor and two chart-topping musical acts . In the 35th installment of the honorary event , late-night show host David Letterman , ballerina Natalia Makarova , actor Dustin Hoffman , blues musician Buddy Guy and the rock group Led Zeppelin joined the ranks of the top musicians , dancers and actors of their time . The festivities kicked off at a White House reception where Obama honored the award recipients and recounted highlights of their careers . "  Each of us can remember a moment when the people on this stage touched our lives . ... Maybe they inspired us to see things in a new way , to hear things differently . " Obama said . "  It is that unique power that makes the arts so important . " The Kennedy Center Honors has long been a tradition that bridges Hollywood and Washington , and this year was no exception . Aside from the honorees , other notable attendees included actors Alec Baldwin , Jack Black and Morgan Freeman ; rockers Lenny Kravitz and Jeff Beck ; and such politicians as House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , Sen. Thad Cochran of South Dakota and Secretary of Health and Human Services Kathleen Sebelius . After the White House reception , the cadre of luminaries and guests moved to The Kennedy Center , a performing arts space overlooking the Potomac River , for an event dedicated to their respective talents . This is the fourth time Obama has honored Kennedy Center award recipients . Last year 's group included singer Neil Diamond , composer Sonny Rollins , theater actor Barbara Cook , cellist Yo-Yo Ma and actress Meryl Streep . Read more : CNN honors heroes , Hollywood-style While the 2011 pool of honorees had a noticeable music bent , the backgrounds in this year 's group are more diverse but equally talented . Letterman , host of "  The Late Show " on CBS , was recognized for his 30 years in late-night television and joined a small group of past comedians who have won the award . In a press release , Kennedy Center chairman David Rubenstein described Letterman , 65 , as "  one of the most influential personalities in the history of television . " With more than 5,000 broadcasts , Letterman , holds the title as the comedian with the longest late-night career in the United States , recently surpassing the industry 's previous standard-bearer , the late Johnny Carson . In his witty style , Letterman joked about learning he was an award recipient . "  When I stopped laughing , I was very excited . This was great for my family ; they think I 'm working at a Jiffy Lube in Mexico , " he said on his program . Obama , someone who has been on Letterman 's show a number of times , remarked at the White House reception that Letterman was "  a true gentleman " who "  has always offered us an authentic piece of himself . " The president did joke , however , that not being in front of the microphone was a difficult position for the usually opinionated comedian . "  You are looking a little stressed , are n't you , " Obama said to Letterman . Speaking to reporters on the red carpet before the event , Letterman expressed more surprise about the honor . "  I do n't know what to tell you , " he said . "  It just keeps getting better and better and better and I am not supposed to be here . " Asked if there 's anything he was particularly looking forward to at the event , he pointed to his special ride home . "  Well , afterwards , we get joy rides in Marine One . That is going to be something . " Hoffman , meanwhile , has become a household name with a resume that includes 50 movies , not to mention two Academy Awards for Kramer vs. Kramer  1979  and Rain Man  1988  . While the 75-year-old actor has said he grew up thinking movie stars had to look like Rock Hudson , it did n't take long for the Los Angeles native to get into acting and start a career that spans five decades and covers just about every genre of film . Many of his titles were featured in his tribute at the Kennedy Center , which is not far from the famous Watergate hotel -- a site he knows well after playing the ambitious reporter , Carl Bernstein , in "  All The President 's Men "  1976  . Asked on the red carpet how he was feeling , the actor had a line all ready to deliver . "  My wife keeps reminding me that when I say , ` Pretty good -- I am a nominee , ' she says ` No , you are an honoree . ' So it is spectacular , " he said . Russian-born Makarova is perhaps best known for leaving her mark on the production of La Bayad  re , a ballet that dates to 1877 . She transformed the scene "  Kingdom of the Shades , " and went on to stage the full production in theaters around the world . Makarova , 72 , is no stranger to the Kennedy Center . She won a Tony Award for best actress in a musical for the center 's 1984 production of "  On Your Toes . " Makarova said before the gala that she considers American ballet "  fantastic , " adding , "  I think it will grow and grow . The interest will never stop . " The audience Sunday night will also feel the rhythm in performances honoring blues legend Buddy Guy . Born into a Louisiana sharecropper family , Guy eventually made Chicago his home at the peak of the blues era in the Windy City . And with his distinct guitar sound , the six-time Grammy Award winner helped pioneer the electric blues with other legends including Muddy Waters and Howlin ' Wolf . "  From picking cotton in the field to picking a guitar in the White House , that is a long ways man , " Guy told reporters at the Kennedy Center . The president called Guy "  one of the last guardians of the great American blues . " And the stage will continue to rock in a tribute to John Paul Jones , Jimmy Page and Robert Plant -- the three surviving members of the band Led Zeppelin . Famed drummer John Bonham passed away in 1980 . Having sold more than 100 million albums in the United States alone , the British band has churned out a number of classics , including "  Whole Lotta Love , " "  Thank You , " and the enduring song : "  Stairway to Heaven . " Though thanking the group for "  making us all feel young , " Obama took the liberty of joking about the trio during his remarks in the East Room , noting how the group redefined "  the rock and roll lifestyle . " "  There were some hotel rooms trashed , mayhem all around , " the president said . "  So it is fitting that we are doing this in a room with windows three inches thick . " "  So guys , settle down , these paintings are valuable , " Obama joked . Asked on the red carpet if part of him wanted to get on stage and join the tribute , Plant said , "  Absolutely . " "  I 've always got a little bit of agitation in me , " he continued . "  That 's what keeps me going . But I 'm not going to show anybody how to do it . " The trio is scheduled to join fellow honoree Letterman on the "  The Late Show " on Monday . The Kennedy Center Honors will air December 26 on CBS .	Obama welcomes honorees at White House reception David Letterman has been a late-night comedy host longer than anyone Led Zeppelin sold more than 100 million albums in the United States Other honorees include Dustin Hoffman , guitarist Buddy Guy , ballerina Natalia Makarova
CNN  -- A rising Canadian folk singer was killed by coyotes this week in a national park in Nova Scotia , a park spokesman said Thursday . Taylor Mitchell , 19 , was at the beginning of the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park on Tuesday afternoon when she was attacked , according to Chip Bird , the Parks Canada field unit superintendent for Cape Breton . Bird said hikers saw the coyotes attacking Mitchell and called 911 . She was airlifted to a hospital in Halifax , where she died about 12 hours later , he said . Mitchell was recently nominated for Young Performer of the Year honors by Canadian Folk Music Awards . She was touring the Maritime provinces and had a break between gigs to go hiking Tuesday , her manager , Lisa Weitz , said in an e-mail . "  She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity , " she wrote . "  Words ca n't begin to express the sadness and tragedy of losing such a sweet , compassionate , vibrant , and phenomenally talented young woman , " Weitz said . "  Her warmth , loving nature , astounding artistry , and infectious enthusiasm will be so missed and forever remembered . " Read more about who Taylor Mitchell was Mitchell , who was originally from the Georgian Bay area in Ontario , lived in Toronto , Weitz said . Bird said the area where the attack occurred is popular and well traveled . It remained closed , and park authorities had shot one coyote believed to be involved . A pathologist will test the animal 's body for diseases that might have triggered the attack , he said . Searches for other aggressive animals in the park continue , he said . "  Public safety is our primary concern , " he said . He said no other coyote attacks had ever occurred in the park . "  We 've had coyotes approach people too closely , " he said , and about six years ago one nipped a person . That animal was killed because of "  lack of fear , " he said . But Tuesday 's attack is "  unprecedented and a totally isolated incident , " he said . In a written statement , Emily Mitchell described her daughter as "  a seasoned naturalist and well versed in wilderness camping . She loved the woods and had a deep affinity for their beauty and serenity . Tragically it was her time to be taken from us so soon . "  We take a calculated risk when spending time in nature 's fold -- it 's the wildlife 's terrain , " Emily Mitchell 's statement continued . "  When the decision had been made to kill the pack of coyotes , I clearly heard Taylor 's voice say , ` please do n't , this is their space . ' She would n't have wanted their demise , especially as a result of her own . She was passionate about animals , was an environmentalist , and was also planning to volunteer at the Toronto Wildlife Centre in the coming months . " Send your stories , photos of Mitchell Michael Johnston , Mitchell 's producer for her debut album , "  For Your Consideration , " said the singer was a "  brilliant and beautiful light that people were naturally drawn to . " "  She was so young and talented . Her big dreams were a perfect match with her big , kind heart . " He said he and his family would soon be organizing a celebration of her life . Coyote attacks on humans are extremely rare , said Michael O'Brien , wildlife manager of furbearers and upland game for Nova Scotia . It is "  not expected or normal behavior , " he said , although he said there had been aggressive incidents in Nova Scotia before , but no deaths . Illness , injury and familiarity with humans can affect an animal 's behavior , he said .	Taylor Mitchell was at the Skyline Trail in Cape Breton Highlands National Park Hikers saw coyotes attack Mitchell and called 911 ; she later died at a Halifax hospital Park where attack occurred remains closed ; coyote believed to be involved has been shot Mitchell was nominated for Young Performer of the Year by Canadian Folk Music Awards
In July and early August , doctors at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta diagnosed 15 to 20 children a week with serious respiratory infections -- a normal number for the summer months . Then , pediatricians started to see more children who were having trouble breathing , more parents with worried looks on their faces . Since school started , the hospital has seen an average of 100 cases a week . "  We are seeing a double to quadruple increase in the number of children with respiratory infections , " says Dr. Andi Shane , hospital epidemiologist at Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta . U.S. ` ill-prepared ' for a pandemic , feds say More than 10 states around the Midwest and Southeast have reported seeing similarly high numbers of hospitalizations for children with severe respiratory illnesses . The virus has sent more than 30 children a day to a Kansas City , Missouri , hospital , where about 15 % of the youngsters were placed in intensive care , health officials said . Doctors say they think the increase is due to a bug called Enterovirus D68 , an uncommon type of enterovirus that seems to be exacerbating breathing problems in children with asthma . List of states with Enterovirus grows But nailing down the culprit , and tracking the number of cases , is easier said than done . Children 's Healthcare , like most hospitals around the nation , tests samples from children with respiratory illnesses to determine if they have a viral infection . But the tests do n't distinguish between the rhinovirus , which is the most common cause of the common cold , and enteroviruses , which can cause a variety of symptoms . Once hospitals noticed this upward trend in severe respiratory illness cases , they requested help from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention in identifying the specific virus at fault . Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta is working with the Georgia Department of Public Health to submit specimens to the CDC , which is already testing samples from states like Alabama , Utah and Michigan . Sick kids flooding ER in Alabama Six states -- Colorado , Kansas , Kentucky , Illinois , Missouri and Iowa -- have confirmed cases of EV-D68 . Yet even in those states , not all samples came back positive for this specific type of enterovirus . Nineteen of the 25 samples sent from Children 's Hospital Colorado were EV-D68 , said Dr. Christine Nyquist , medical director of infection control . Kentucky submitted 10 samples ; five came back positive . In Missouri , 19 of 22 specimens sent to the CDC were confirmed to be EV-D68 . The problem is that there are more than 60 enteroviruses that are known to infect humans , according to the CDC ; these viruses cause an estimated 10 million to 15 million illnesses each year . Symptoms can range from the sniffles to stomach issues to a severe respiratory infection . What parents should know about EV-D68 The average healthy adult gets two to three colds a year , the CDC says ; children usually get more . They 're more at risk because their immune systems have n't had a chance to build up immunity to these common viral infections . The CDC does n't require state health departments to track these types of infections , since they are usually dealt with at home and patients recover with a little TLC . So getting a firm count of the number of people infected -- or what other states may be at risk -- for EV-D68 is difficult . "  CDC is watching this situation closely , " the public health agency 's website states .	Children 's Healthcare of Atlanta has seen a "  double to quadruple increase " in respiratory illnesses More than 10 states have reported seeing high numbers of severe infections Doctors say they think Enterovirus D68 is to blame , but nailing the culprit wo n't be easy
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. is preparing new sanctions against members of the Syrian regime of Bashar al-Assad who are overseeing the violent crackdown against protesters , according to several senior U.S. officials with knowledge of the action . A new Treasury Department executive order targeting senior officials accused of human rights abuses would involve an asset freeze and travel ban , as well as prohibiting them them from doing business in the United States . On Monday , National Security Council spokesman Tommy Vietor said the United States is "  pursuing a range of possible policy options , including targeted sanctions , to respond to the crackdown and make clear that this behavior is unacceptable . " The move comes as the Obama administration weighs its options on how to step up pressure against the al-Assad regime . Sanctions are among "  a range of possible options " to pressure the Syrian government to stop attacking protesters , White House spokesman Jay Carney said Monday . "  What we have seen is that sanctions can put pressure on governments and regimes to change their behavior , " Carney said . A meeting of the Deputies Committee at the White House on Friday explored what additional unilateral sanctions the United States could impose against Syria and other actions the U.S. could take , including a possible on-camera statement by President Obama . There have been numerous reports of deadly violence over the past several days . On Sunday , at least three protesters were killed when security forces and secret police raided the town of Jableh on Syria 's western coast and fired at demonstrators without warning , according to a witness and demonstrator . Security forces surrounded a mosque that was being used to treat the wounded , preventing 18 seriously wounded people from being hospitalized , according to a doctor inside . On Saturday , at least 10 people died after Syrian security forces opened fire on mourners at funeral processions in Douma and the southern town of Izraa , according to witness accounts . Amnesty International reported at least 75 deaths across the country Friday . The decision to step up pressure comes amid increased fears of further bloodshed . "  We are worried he is dropping all pretenses of reform and carrots and sticks and is going to go out hard with all sticks , " one official said . "  We are expecting him to increase the crackdown . " On Friday , the White House released a statement by Obama condemning "  in the strongest possible terms the use of force by the Syrian government against demonstrators . " "  This outrageous use of violence to quell protests must come to an end now , " Obama said . The State Department is expected to call in the Syrian ambassador to the U.S. to protest the violence , and Robert Ford , the U.S. ambassador to Syria , was protesting the crackdown to foreign ministry officials in Damascus , officials said . The administration had taken a somewhat muted response to the crackdown in Syria out of fear of destabilizing the al-Assad regime . Officials have voiced concern about possible sectarian tensions if al-Assad 's Allowite minority were to be overthrown and have expressed little confidence about Syria 's fragmented opposition , leaving uncertainty about what type of government would replace al-Assad . The U.S. has also been under pressure from Israel and allies in the Gulf like Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates , who fear that al-Assad 's departure could produce a more radical Syria and encourage further revolutions , officials said . However , as the crackdown in Syria has intensified , several U.S. officials and Western diplomats have described the regime as increasingly brittle and predicted that it would be hard for Assad to survive . Officials acknowledge that the United States has little leverage on Syria , which has proved immune to U.S. pressure during the protests . The Bush administration imposed strict sanctions against Damascus in 2004 , including banning almost all imports and exports between the two countries and measures against individual officials believed to be supporting extremists fighting U.S. forces in Iraq . It is unclear how effective a new round of sanctions would be . "  It is n't the same with Egypt , where we had relationships with the military and other institutions , " one official said . "  We had aid we could use as a lever . There is n't a lot we can do with Syria . We are pretty maxed out with sanctions . " Officials said the U.S. would be urging its European allies , who have also become increasingly concerned about the violence in Syria , to follow suit with measures of their own that could be more effective , given that Syrian officials have more assets in Europe and travel there more frequently . But the sanctions would mark a shift in U.S. policy toward al-Assad , whom the Obama administration had hoped would be a reformer and had tried to engage . Since Obama took office , the U.S. has eased some of the sanctions imposed by the Bush administration , and this year Obama returned a U.S. ambassador to Syria after nearly six years . The U.S. is also lobbying the United Nations to address Syria 's human rights abuses . On Tuesday , the United Nations Security Council is expected to take up the issue , and Washington is seeking to block Syria 's efforts to join the U.N. Human Rights Council in Geneva , where members are meeting Friday . U.S. Rep. Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , R-Florida , chairwoman of the House Foreign Affairs Committee , has said she will soon introduce legislation updating the Syria Accountability and Liberation Act to strengthen U.S. sanctions , including authorizing U.S. assistance to support a transition to democracy in Syria .	Senior officials might be hit with asset freeze , travel ban Washington concerned about increased violence against protesters Syria has proved immune to U.S. pressure during protests Administration had feared destabilizing Bashar al-Assad regime
CNN  -- It 's going to take more than free beer , gift cards and iPads to convince uninsured young adults that opting out of health coverage under Obamacare is a good decision . Recently , Generation Opportunity , a conservative group , was down in Florida hosting swag-filled events at the University of Miami encouraging young people to do just that . But health care is too important for our generation to opt out . We recently met with Emily W. Wright , who suffers from aching pain caused by endometriosis and has been putting off badly needed surgery for the past five years because she could never afford health insurance , particularly with a pre-existing condition . Now , under Obamacare , she can afford a high quality , affordable plan and can get the treatment she needs . Too many young adults , like Emily , lack health insurance . Polls show that young people value coverage and see it as something they need , they just have not been able to afford it . And with fewer employers offering young workers health care benefits , the need for affordable coverage has never been greater . Luckily , the increased competition among insurers on the health insurance marketplace as well as new tax credits are making health insurance for the young uninsured much more affordable . On its face , opting out of insurance under Obamacare makes no sense . Paying for financial insecurity is dumb . Purchasing health coverage is like buying a $ 10 umbrella when you see rain in the forecast . If you do n't purchase the umbrella , not only do you risk getting soaked from head to toe , you could end up ruining your new favorite pair of sneakers or iPhone , costing you a lot more than just $ 10 . In the same way , at some point everyone gets sick and needs health insurance coverage , even those of us who are young and seem healthy . Obamacare provides decent coverage we can actually afford . If you look at Miami , where Generation Opportunity recently took its Opt Out campaign , competition is so strong that consumers on HealthCare.gov will be able to choose between over 100 plans offered by seven insurance carriers . For example , a 27-year-old person living in Miami earning $ 25,000 annually will be able to buy a plan for as little as $ 87 per month . The young uninsured population is largely low income ; not surprisingly , cost is their greatest impediment to getting covered . In Florida , the average uninsured 18 - to 34-year-old earns about $ 14,659 annually . Since premium tax credits are determined on a sliding scale based on income , most young people will pay far less because they will have access to greater subsidies . In fact , a recent study from the Department of Health and Human Services found that nearly 7 in 10 single , uninsured young people looking to purchase coverage on the marketplace could qualify for a plan that would cost them under $ 100 a month . Based on data from the Census ' Current Population Survey , we estimate 605,000 currently uninsured 18 - to 34-year-olds in Florida could qualify for reduced-cost coverage thanks to automatic monthly premium tax credits . If the state legislature agreed to expand the its Medicaid program , nearly 590,000 currently uninsured young Floridians could be eligible for free care . It is true that enrollment has been slowed down by initial glitches on the health exchange website , but we have seen dramatic improvements in the site already . The past two weeks have seen a big uptick in enrollment . Prior to the Affordable Care Act 's passage , too many Americans relied on lousy coverage not even worthy of the term insurance . Seventy-eight percent of medical debt-related bankruptcy filers actually had insurance . In an effort to provide consumers with greater financial security , the Department of Health and Human Services identified 10 essential health benefits that all plans on HealthCare.gov must offer consumers . These benefits , like maternity and newborn care , prescription drug and mental health coverage , are particularly important to young people . For instance , according to a 2013 study , young people have a disproportionate need to access mental health services . So do n't let the opt-outers fool you into thinking that plans purchased outside the exchange will have the same level of comprehensive coverage or satisfy the mandate . The worst-case scenario is buying low-quality coverage that does n't cover what you need and still having to pay the individual penalty . Young people should take the time to learn more about their new coverage options , encourage their friends to do the same , and enroll in a plan that fits their needs . Generation Y should n't gamble when it comes to their health -- especially when Obamacare makes health insurance coverage so affordable . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Smith .	A conservative group tried to encourage young Floridians to opt out of Obamacare Aaron Smith : Health care is too important for Generation Y to forgo He says in Miami , people can choose between over 100 competitive health plans Smith : Obamacare makes health insurance affordable ; let 's not gamble our health
CNN  -- Mobile World Congress returned to form this year , with Samsung , Sony , and Huawei all choosing to launch flagship devices in Barcelona . These are my picks from the show : Nokia X Just months after being sold to Microsoft , Nokia chose to launch its first Android phones . The devices , all dubbed Nokia X , will run Android but be packed with Microsoft services like OneDrive and Skype . The company says the budget phone will enable Microsoft to enter emerging markets it currently ca n't reach , but whether they still feel that way when Microsoft takes control in March remains to be seen . Samsung Galaxy S5 Samsung launched a much more sensible , more cohesive smartphone than previous Galaxy S devices . There 's a finger print scanner , a heart rate monitor , new camera tricks , and a clever way of making your downloads faster by combining Wi-Fi and signal coverage together . Samsung also announced a fitness band with a curved OLED screen as it continues its push into wearables . Expect to want the gold one come April . Sony Xperia Z2 The Sony Xperia Z1 was very well received . However , the Z2 sports the latest Qualcomm processor , bringing with it a stack of improvements . That 's the main takeaway here for Sony . Harder , better , faster , stronger , as Daft Punk would say . Early reports and a my own "  hands-on " test suggest this is going to be one of the best Android phones released this year . Huawei MediaPad X1 There are two ways to talk up your shiny new powerful tablet . The first is to let it quietly sell on the merits of what you include ; the second is to do that and then make sure everyone that comes to your press conference knows how good it is by you trashing the nearest competition - in this case the Nexus 7 and the iPad mini . An amazingly crisp screen , slim form factor , 4G LTE capabilities and a price that is aggressive all help . A Bluetooth battery Mobile World Congress is not all about state-of-the-art handsets . One gadget that caught my eye is the Tethercell . It appears to be an AA battery , but it 's actually a case for a AAA battery . The case is also Bluetooth enabled , so after placing it in your child 's noisy toy , you can shut it off with your phone when playtime gets too much to bear . Peace and quiet . How lovely . Follow Stuart Miles on Twitter : @stuartmiles The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Stuart Miles	Mobile World Congress returns to form with Samsung , Sony , and Huawei launching devices Samsung 's Galaxy S5 is a "  more sensible , more cohesive smartphone , " Miles says Nokia 's Android phones , the Sony Xperia Z2 and the Huawei MediaPad X1 are also highlights , he says
CNN  -- Philippine President Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo lifted martial law in the country 's south , which she declared after the massacre of 57 people last month , Philippine news outlets reported Saturday . The order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  Saturday , the Philippines News Agency  PNA  and CNN affiliate ABS-CBN said . Military troops will remain in Maguindanao province to keep the peace despite the move , said Victor Ibrado , chief of staff of the Philippine armed forces , PNA said . Arroyo imposed martial law December 4 but lifted it Saturday after deciding it had achieved its objectives , Executive Secretary Eduardo Ermita said , according to PNA . Local government was now back in power and the justice system was functioning again , he said . Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated attempt to keep an opponent of the politically powerful Ampatuan family from running for governor . Thirty journalists were among those killed . The martial law allowed arrests without warrants , and at least six members of the Ampatuan family -- including a local mayor -- were arrested , according to ABS-CBN . Authorities raided a warehouse and ranch belonging to the family last weekend and confiscated firearms , ammunition and vehicles , Maj. Randolph Cabangbang , deputy of operations for the eastern Mindanao command , told CNN . Ermita said Saturday that three charges of multiple murders were filed in court , and that 24 people were charged with rebellion . The Philippine National Police has referred nearly 900 other cases to the Department of Justice , he said . Violence in the run-up to elections is not uncommon in the Philippines . The Maguindanao massacre , however , is the worst politically motivated violence in recent Philippine history , according to state media . The victims included the wife and sister of political candidate Ismael "  Toto " Mangudadatu , who had sent the women to file paperwork allowing him to run for governor of Maguindanao . He said he had received threats from allies of Gov. Andal Ampatuan Sr. , the father of the accused mayor , saying he would be kidnapped if he filed the papers himself . Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao , which was set up in the 1990s to quell armed uprisings by people seeking an independent Muslim homeland in the predominantly Christian Asian nation .	Reports : Order lifting martial law was due to be effective at 9 p.m.  8 a.m. ET  Saturday Authorities have said the November 23 massacre in Maguindanao province was a politically motivated At least six members of politically-powerful Ampatuan family in the area were arrested Maguindanao is part of an autonomous region in predominantly Muslim Mindanao
CNN  -- Strikes fueled by higher prices for gasoline , diesel and kerosene spread across sections of India on Monday , disrupting rail and port traffic in some areas . Officials reported trains were largely empty in the Indian financial capital of Mumbai , where protests by Hindu nationalist opposition activists often bring the city to a halt . Indian railway spokesman Anil Saxena said the eastern parts of the country were the hardest hit . "  Obstructions  by strikers  are more pronounced on the eastern side , " Saxena said . He was referring to communist-ruled West Bengal state and neighboring Orissa and Bihar . Truckers also joined the strike , parking their rigs and shutting down traffic that would normally carry goods in and out of the busy port . Opposition parties called for the strikes after the government began implementing a roll back in fuel subsides by lifting state controls on gasoline and other fuels . Demonstrations over fuel-price rises also took place in parts of New Delhi . Opposition protesters deflated tires of state-run buses in some neighborhoods . Private schools were closed Monday in the Indian capital . Television footage showed police using bamboo canes to break up a violent protest in the northern Indian city of Lucknow . Activists were also shown blocking a train in Patna in eastern India . For the average Indian , the changes are having a real impact . Usri Das Mahapatra 's kitchen budget has soared the past year . Now , she fears the worst is yet to come . The 46-year-old homemaker in Mumbai is bracing for a spike in her household expenses . An increase in fuel costs will create a ripple effect on the prices of food transported to her city from across India . Her son , an undergraduate student , too is likely to be paying more for his commute . Traveling costs in the family car or spent eating out are already higher , she says . Mahapatra , whose husband is an executive in a shipping company , is worried . "  High inflation is hitting our savings . In a year , my kitchen expenses have almost doubled . This  fuel price  hike is unjustified , " she said . But planners say India 's subsidies are too much for a nation that is facing a consolidated fiscal deficit of 8.4 percent . As world leaders pledged fiscal tight-belting at the G-20 summit in Toronto , India said it has its plans in place to halve its deficit in three to four years . Ahead of the meeting , India removed subsidies that artificially kept cost of petrol lower than its market value -- as a result , the prices of gasoline and cooking fuel , like kerosene and kitchen gas , shot up . "  We have independently  prepared  , even prior to the G-20 coming to this understanding  on consolidation  , a roadmap which is designed to cut our fiscal deficit , Indian fiscal deficit , to half by 2013-14 , " said Ashok Chawla , the country 's finance secretary . On his way back from Canada , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh identified what he called "  excessive populism " as a key area to deal with in India 's financial management . Broadly , the South Asian nation spends heavily on subsidizing fertilizers , food and fuel . India has also launched a range of state-funded programs to help millions of its people still living in crippling poverty despite the country 's rise as an economic powerhouse . But officials are aware benefits reach target beneficiaries in a trickle because of rampant corruption and weak enforcement . "  A bottleneck and an impediment in bringing about the desired results , for which policies and schemes have been formulated and huge allocation of funds made , is weak implementation and corruption in the system , " noted Indian President Pratibha Devisingh Patil in her national address on her country 's 61st Republic Day this year . India 's subsidy bill is about 10 percent of its overall annual spending and about 1.72 percent of its GDP , said M. Govinda Rao , member of Singh 's economic advisory council . "  When you ca n't expect revenues to rise very fast , it becomes important to reduce expenditure , " said Rao , citing the country 's targets for fiscal consolidation . "  Our subsidy system is badly flawed . " Nonetheless , Singh 's government , now in the second year of its second term in office , remains firm . "  O  ur people are wise enough to understand that excessive populism should not be allowed to derail the progress our country is making , and for which it is winning kudos internationally as well , " the prime minister told reporters last week as criticism at home mounted over cutting fuel subsidies . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh contributed to this report .	Strikes fueled by higher prices for gasoline , diesel and kerosene Trains largely empty in the Indian financial capital of Mumbai Truckers join the strike , park their rigs and shut down traffic
Havana  CNN  -- Young and old burn up the dance floor at Havana 's Las Canitas nightclub every weekend . On a recent Saturday night , half of the dancers twirling to the latest salsa hits were from Switzerland . Cubans pride themselves on their intricate , hip-swiveling moves and can usually tell the difference between locals and foreigners . "  See , look at him . He needs to move his hips more , " a young Cuban woman shouted over the blaring sound system as she watched the Swiss tourists . But some of them surprised her . "  Wow , he 's got tremendous feeling , " she said pointing to another dancer as he spun his partner in circles . "  He could definitely be Cuban . " This Caribbean island may be best known among tourists for its pristine beaches and classic American cars , but travelers are increasingly headed to Cuba for salsa dancing . The tropical music has taken Europe and Asia by storm , with salsa clubs and dance studios in high demand , especially in the UK , Germany and Japan . And when it comes time to travel , they 've still got salsa on the mind . Cuban dance instructor Marisuri Garcia opened a dance school in Switzerland , where she lives part of the year . Back in Cuba , she receives locals and tourists in her second-story apartment on a rundown street in the center of Havana . Many Cubans like her have bought licenses from the government , which allow them to offer private lessons , charging around $ 5 per hour . "  Dancing helps you live better , " she told CNN . "  It helps you to look inside and open up , to be free in mind and body . " Cuba 's Culture Ministry also offers salsa packages with state-run dance studios like SprachCaffe , where tourists are paired with individual instructors . A two-week tour including dance classes , hotel and some meals runs about 900 euros , or about $ 1,300 . Garcia has converted her terrace into a studio with a green plastic roof , mirrors on the walls and views of her neighbors ' laundry drying in the sun . "  More sexy ! " she shouts to the rows of Swiss visitors as they roll their hips and practice their steps . This group has come on a two-week package that includes beach time and city tours . But their main goal is to go home dancing better than when they arrived . "  I have been dancing for three or four years , " said Peter Schaffer , an accountant . "  Now I will find my individual style . " The origins of salsa are disputed . It has its roots in Cuba 's son and mambo but was heavily influenced by American music and Latin Americans living in New York . Evelyn Hiestand , a flight attendant , says she has been dancing salsa for years but feels that she has found something more genuine in Cuba . "  Because I think it 's the roots of salsa , " she said . "  It 's joy . It 's joy of life . " Because of U.S. travel restrictions , very few American tourists make it to Cuba . Cuba : Easing of U.S. travel restrictions does n't go far enough Garcia thinks salsa dancing could be a bridge as more cultural exchanges are allowed by President Barack Obama 's administration . She hopes to help people overcome political differences on the dance floor . "  We 've got Swiss and Germans dancing salsa like Cubans , " she says . "  It 's time to see more Americans ! "	Many European and Asian visitors are traveling to Cuba to improve their salsa technique Licensed dance instructors offer lessons for about $ 5 an hour Cuba 's Culture Ministry also offers salsa package tours Because of U.S. travel restrictions , very few American tourists make it to Cuba
CNN  Anna Jacks checks her baby 's forehead over and over again . Is he hot ? Does he have a rash ? Is his nose still runny ? Her son has been sick before , but this time it 's different : Last week Eli was at a Phoenix Children 's Hospital clinic with a woman who had the measles , which spreads easily from person to person . Now he 's showing signs of the virus , such as runny nose and cough and fatigue . At 10 months old , Eli is too young to get vaccinated and would be especially vulnerable to serious complications of measles , such as deafness and brain damage or even death . But his parents have an even bigger worry . If Eli does have the measles , he could give it to his 3-year-old sister , Maggie , who has leukemia . So far Maggie is feeling fine , but her parents know that with her immune system wiped out by chemotherapy she 's even more vulnerable than her brother to complications . "  My biggest fear is that I 'll lose my child , or that she 'll become deaf , " Anna Jacks said . "  My family has been through enough with cancer . I do n't want her to go through anything else . " Measles cases in California soar According to Arizona health officials , the woman at the clinic who put the Jacks children in danger was herself infected by members of a family that does n't vaccinate and got measles during a visit to Disneyland , where the outbreak began more than a month ago . This week , Maggie and Eli 's father , Dr. Tim Jacks , wrote a blog post in which he expressed his feelings to this family . "  Towards you , unvaccinating parent , I feel anger and frustration at your choices , " wrote Jacks , a pediatrician . "  Why would you knowingly expose anyone to your sick unvaccinated child after recently visiting Disneyland ? That was a boneheaded move . " "  Your poor choices do n't just affect your child , " he continued . "  They affect my family and many more like us . Please forgive my sarcasm . I am upset and just a little bit scared . " Jacks signed the post "  Papa Bear . " Father asks school district to ban unvaccinated children The Jacks family asked a CNN crew not to enter their home or meet with Eli . Out of an abundance of caution we also chose not to meet with Maggie or with Tim Jacks , who has limited immunity to measles . We spoke to Anna Jacks in person because blood tests show she has complete immunity to measles . ` No unvaccinated people around my kids ' The Jackses do n't know the identity of the vaccine refusers who put their children in danger , but Anna Jacks said she knows what she would say to them if she ever met them . "  Your children do n't live in a little bubble . They live in a big bubble and my children live inside that big bubble with your children , " she said . "  If you do n't want to vaccinate your children , fine , but do n't take them to Disneyland . " But Dr. Jack Wolfson said it 's the Jacks family who should keep themselves at home , not him . Wolfson , an Arizona cardiologist , refuses to vaccinate his two young sons . He said the family that did n't vaccinate and endangered the Jacks children did nothing wrong . "  It 's not my responsibility to inject my child with chemicals in order for -LSB- a child like Maggie -RSB- to be supposedly healthy , " he said . "  As far as I 'm concerned , it 's very likely that her leukemia is from vaccinations in the first place . " "  I 'm not going to sacrifice the well-being of my child . My child is pure , " he added . "  It 's not my responsibility to be protecting their child . " CNN asked Wolfson if he could live with himself if his unvaccinated child got another child gravely ill . "  I could live with myself easily , " he said . "  It 's an unfortunate thing that people die , but people die . I 'm not going to put my child at risk to save another child . " He blamed the Jacks family for taking Maggie to the clinic for care . "  If a child is so vulnerable like that , they should n't be going out into society , " he said . Anna Jacks said she hopes vaccine refusers get educated and change their minds . In the meantime , she prays that her daughter recovers from leukemia and that both her children avoid getting measles .	Eli Jacks is too young to be vaccinated ; his sister has leukemia Measles cases that have spread to Arizona have put the children at risk
CNN  -- Ecuador is the latest country to recognize an independent Palestinian state . The government said on Friday that President Rafael Correa recognized "  the Palestine State as free and independent within its borders since 1967 . " Others countries -- such as Brazil , Argentina and Uruguay -- recently made the same move . These diplomatic initiatives come after the breakdown of direct peace talks between Israel and the Palestinians . Palestinians have been seeking international recognition of an independent state , a strategy to achieve statehood outside the framework of talks with Israel . "  Sadly , the Middle East continues to face wars and violent events that have led to the death of many innocent people , a situation contrary to the humane and pacifist position established by the Ecuadorian Constitution . This recognition is meant to reinforce the valid and legitimate wish of the Palestine people to have their own free and independent state , " the Ecuadorian government said . Ecuador said the acknowledgment of such a state has been legitimized by U.N. Security Council resolutions , numbers 242 and 338 , and an Arab peace initiative adopted in the 2002 Beirut Summit . The recognition of an independent Palestine , the government said , "  will be fundamental to achieve the peaceful co-existence of the nations in the region through dialogue and mediation . "	Other South American nations recognized a Palestinian state Palestinians have recently requested state recognition This comes amid a breakdown in talks with Israel
CNN  -- Slovenia 's Igor Simcic and his yacht Esimit Europa 2 were the biggest winners on the final day of the Maxi Rolex Cup in Sardinia on Saturday . Esimit Europa 2 was crowned the best Maxi class yacht in the world from a competition of 49 boats up to 45 meters in length . Simcic 's 30-meter vessel , sponsored by Gazprom , won all four of its races and took first place in its division . The other winners were Germany 's Claus Peter Offen and Y3K in the Wally class ; John Williams and Ranger in the J-Class and Otto Happel and Hetairos in the Supermaxi division . In the inaugural Mini Maxi Rolex Worlds , Niklas Zennstrom and Ran took the overall poll , while Brian Benjamin and Aegir took gold amongst the Racer/Cruisers .	Slovenia 's Igor Simcic and his yacht Esimit Europa 2 win Maxi Rolex Cup 30-meter yacht wins all four of its races and is first in its division
CNN  When it 's completed , it will be so large as to be visible from space . If it succeeds , it will create a top ecological attraction , reduce economic hardships and help modernize a community . It 's the Giant Flag of South Africa , and it 's an ambitious project by almost any measure . Located in the Camdeboo Municipality of Karoo , an arid region between Cape Town and Johannesburg , it will transform a patch of desert into a living national flag spanning about 163 acres , the size of 66 soccer fields . Some 2.5 million red , yellow , blue and green desert plants , including cacti and spekboom , will be arranged in a pattern like that of South Africa 's flag . The flag 's black triangular area will contain a 4-megawatt solar-panel field , generating much-needed electricity for the region . The idea is simple and elegant : use green tourism to fight poverty . Guy Lieberman came up with the idea after the 2010 FIFA World Cup , when the South Africans played host and were united by the spirit of their flag . His employer , FCB South Africa , a communications firm , asked him to come up with a legacy project related to the flag . It 's about "  how we treat ourselves , nature , our built environment , and how we choose to view our common future on the planet , " Lieberman said . Organizers say the succulent plants will reintroduce nutrients to the soil and sequester upwards of 200 tons of carbon every year . With the looming threat of climate change , this can only be a good thing . Meanwhile , the solar panels are expected to power the equivalent of 4,000 homes . Organizers hope to complete the flag in 2017 . "  The Giant Flag aims for a blend of ecological balance and social stability . One could call this compassionate capitalism , " Lieberman said . "  If this works , we 're looking toward a socioeconomic shift that will change realities in the Camdeboo forever . " Camdeboo Municipality , with a 40 % unemployment rate and a marked racial and economic divide , has one of the worst income disparities in South Africa . The flag project , according to estimates , will create 700 jobs , most of them for women who can work on the botanical components . Local tourism is expected to increase by 20 % to 25 % . Jeunesse Parks , a longtime environmentalist and founder of Food and Trees for Africa , has high hopes for the venture . "  With the soil restoration , the carbon offsets , the message around renewable solar energy , as well as the socioeconomic impact this green innovation will have on a rural community , the flag is a truly unique initiative , " she said . So far , funding for the $ 18 million project has come from sponsorships , partnerships and donations from local governments , private companies , nonprofits and individuals . Organizers say the next step is to leverage crowdsourcing on a large scale , which they hope will raise more than $ 2 million of the final price . People from around the world can adopt succulents for $ 10 each to help build the flag . If all goes well , the adopted plants will live for hundreds of years , forming a green legacy for each donor . Lieberman sees the Giant Flag as "  an opportunity to do something dramatic and wonderful that embodies the spirit of the nation -- beyond the politics and factions . " Indeed , South Africa has gone through great political upheaval and is still trying to find its identity in the post-apartheid era . If the Giant Flag can create a sustainable future , it may well turn into a national symbol .	A vast array of plants in the South African desert will be visible from space The colored plants will be arranged in a pattern like that of South Africa 's flag The flag will harness solar power , generate jobs and electricity for the region
Anchorage , Alaska  CNN  -- It 's 3 degrees and snowing outside the Alaska Volcano Observatory in Anchorage , but inside the operations center , things are heating up . Geologist Michelle Coombs monitors the Redoubt volcano from the Alaska Volcano Observatory . "  This is kind of the nerve center , if you will , " says geologist Michelle Coombs , who is at the helm of a bank of video monitors showing readouts from sensors on Mount Redoubt , a volcano about 100 miles southwest of Anchorage . The sensors measure seismic activity on the volcano 's summit . Scientists at the observatory combine that information with data gathered from daily airplane flights to the volcano to measure gases and try to figure out if and when Redoubt is going to blow . "  We 're seeing lots of little earthquakes right now , " says Coombs . "  As that magma rises , it breaks rock as it gets to the surface , and it also it gives off gases , and that leads to the seismic activities were seeing now . " When the magma , or molten rock , makes it to the surface , the volcano will erupt . A siren goes off , and one of the video monitors goes haywire . Is the mountain erupting ? Learn more about Mount Redoubt " "  That 's just a little alarm . There was just a little bit of increased seismic activity , " Coombs says reassuringly . "  It 's a special kind of earthquake particular to volcanoes called a long-period earthquake . It has more to do with fluid and gases than with breaking rock . " Watch Coombs keeping an eye on Redoubt " Since the monitors first showed increased activity on January 23 , the observatory has been staffed 24 hours a day . Scientists here are calling in reinforcements ; several geologists from the Lower 48 have been making their way north to help . Coombs thinks Redoubt will erupt within days or weeks . No one lives near the mountain , which sits on the Cook Inlet and is largely surrounded by glacier ice . That means there is no direct danger from lava flows , but huge clouds of ash could spread throughout Alaska . When Redoubt last erupted in 1989 , it spread ash across Alaska for five months . "  Geologists like to use the past as a key to the future , and previous historical eruptions of Redoubt have produced ash clouds of up to 40,000 feet above sea level , " says Coombs . She notes that at current weather conditions , "  it would take about three hours for that ash to leave the volcano and arrive in Anchorage . " The ash is composed largely of silica , which is similar to tiny fragments of glass . Down on the ground , the ash can be dangerous to breath in and can damage cars as their engines draw the ash into their engines . But it is usually a nuisance . However , in the sky , the ash clouds can create very dangerous flying conditions for jets . "  For jet aviation , it 's a very severe hazard because jet engines run at a very high temperature . And once that silica-rich ash gets ingested into the engine , it can remelt and coat the insides of the engines and freeze up those engines , " says Coombs . "  That 's really the major thing we are trying to avoid here . " The day after the 1989 eruption of Redoubt , a 747 flew into an ash cloud near Anchorage and all four engines stalled . The pilot was able to get two of the engines restarted , and the plane landed safely . Coombs says airspace around the volcano and Anchorage may be closed if Redoubt erupts . When the alarms are n't blaring , Coombs sends out the official Twitter feeds from the observatory and tries to stay warm . She is eight months ' pregnant . "  People have been joking , ` Are you going to name him redoubt ? ' " she says with a laugh , then shakes her head and gets back to her monitors .	In the cold Alaskan winter , geologist keeps watch on Mount Redoubt Michelle Coombs thinks the volcano will erupt within days or weeks The biggest danger could be ash getting in a jetliner 's engines At Alaska Volcano Observatory , they 're getting extra help , monitoring 24/7
Washington  CNN  -- The NATO request for the United States to continue flying its planes capable of striking at Libyan troops on the ground has raised concern that coalition forces do not have the military equipment needed for the type of strikes necessary to continue degrading Libya 's military . The United States was expected to stop flying its A-10s and AC-130s this weekend as NATO took over leadership of the entire mission . The planes are equipped to fly lower and slower than fighter jets , which improves accuracy in targeting of troops and tanks that are in and around cities . Days of bad weather in Libya hampered visibility and the ability of coalition planes to strike at advancing Libyan troops with as little risk to civilians as possible , and NATO asked the United States extend flying the specialized planes through Monday , according to Oana Lungescu , a NATO spokeswoman . Learn more about the ` unique resources ' provided by the United States But a NATO official said that , weather aside , only the United States has the ability from the air to strike at mobile troops and equipment . NATO needed that from the United States , the NATO official said . "  Specifically the A10s and the AC-130s nobody else but the U.S. has , " the official noted . The transition from U.S. command to NATO command , and the subsequent halt to flights of U.S. fighter jets over Libya , was not supposed to lessen the coalition capabilities , U.S. officials had said . When NATO first announced the agreement to take over the mission , a senior administration official briefing reporters at the State Department insisted that the transition would not hamper the operation . "  It means , in practice , that NATO will conduct the military operation in a way that is very similar to the way the coalition has conducted it up to this point , and no more but also no less , " the senior administration official said . Congress , most notably Republican senators John McCain of Arizona and Lindsey Graham of South Carolina , warned last week that the U.S. decision to stop flying planes like the A10 and AC130 while the Libyan military is still fighting hard was a big mistake . "  The fact is that your timing is exquisite , " McCain said at a hearing last week where the secretary of defense and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff were testifying about Libya . "  At a time when the Gadhafi forces have literally tragically routed the anti-Gadhafi forces , that 's when we announced that the United States is abdicating its leadership role and removing some of the most valuable assets that could be used to great effect against those rebels . " The Joint Chiefs chairman , Adm. Michael Mullen , insisted that taking the planes out would not lessen the coalition capabilities . The coalition efforts "  could be sustained at the necessary levels to support the opposition , " he said . Defense Secretary Robert Gates and Mullen said while the United States was pulling the planes from daily use , they would be on standby in case NATO needed them . The NATO official said it is "  possible " they could keep returning to the battlefield when there is bad weather and NATO calls for them , if Gates approves the use . The United States is also supplying what officials refer to as "  unique capabilities , " like surveillance drones , electronic jamming equipment and refueling planes .	NATO has asked the United States to continue airstrikes through Monday A NATO official says the alliance lacks the planes needed to make precision strikes It is possible the U.S. planes could continue to fly missions , the official says
CNN  -- Michelin North America , Inc. , announced Thursday it is voluntarily recalling about 841,000 of its BFGoodrich and Uniroyal tires because tread-belt separation may cause them to lose tread and/or deflate quickly . Though no deaths or injuries have been reported related to the recalled tires , "  a small number of the tires " have experienced tread loss , the company said in a news release . "  This condition may increase the risk of a vehicle crash , " said Mike Wischhusen , Michelin 's technical director , in a letter to tire owners . The tires typically are mounted on commercial light trucks and full-size , heavy-duty vans , though some people may have bought them as replacement tires for their personal vehicles . "  It is important that all recalled tires be removed from service as soon as possible , " Wischhusen said in the letter , which urges consumers to visit their BFGoodrich retailer to have them replaced without charge . About 799,900 of the tires were sold in the United States ; the others were sold in Canada and Mexico , the company said . Customers returned 0.017 % of the tires -- representing about 143 tires in all -- for tread and/or air loss , the company said . The recalled tires are BFGoodrich commercial tires LT 235/85 R16 120 Q LRE and LT 245/75 R16 120 Q LRE , and Uniroyal Laredo tires LT 235/85 R16 120 Q LRE and LT 245/75 R16 120 Q LRE . The tires were produced between April 2010 and the end of July 2012 . Consumers can call 800-637-5527 or visit www.bfgoodrichtires.com/voluntarysafetyrecall or www.uniroyaltires.com/voluntarysafetyrecall . "  We deeply apologize for the inconvenience to customers and dealers , " said Wischhusen . "  It 's our responsibility to put safety first in this matter -- as we do in every aspect of our business -- and voluntarily recalling these tires is the right thing to do . "	Some 841,000 BFGoodrich and Uniroyal tires are affected by the recall Tread-belt separation may cause them to lose tread and/or blow out "  This condition may increase the risk of a vehicle crash , " Michelin official says No deaths or injuries have been reported , the company says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A meningitis outbreak is threatening the lives of tens of thousands of people in Darfur , according to an aid agency expelled from the country last week . A Doctors without Borders medic helps a sick child in a Darfur refugee camp . Humanitarian organization Doctors Without Borders , also known as Mdecins Sans Frontires  MSF  , says it was preparing to vaccinate around 100,000 people in southern and western Darfur against meningitis , when it was told to leave the country . "  We were in the process of organizing a vaccination campaign . At the moment there 's no one there that can take over those activities , which is really worrying , " Gemma Davies of MSF told CNN . The country 's Ministry of Health officially declared a meningitis outbreak on March 2 at the Kalma Camp , which shelters more than 90,000 refugees in southern Darfur . "  Living in such close proximity , the potential for this outbreak to spread quickly is quite high , Davies , MSF project coordinator for South Darfur , told CNN . "  With no health care providers to give vaccinations , and with no one to manage the meningitis cases when they come , it 's really concerning , " she added . The vaccination campaign was due to begin on March 7 , but it is now unclear if or when it will resume , as reports of government harassment of aid workers continue . Davies told CNN she experienced no harassment , and said government officials had been in contact with only the head of MSF 's regional operations . "  We have n't actually been given any reason on why we were expelled , " she said . "  We have absolutely no idea when we 'll be able to return . " Doctors Without Borders was among 13 aid agencies , including Mercy Corps and the International Rescue Committee , that were ordered by the government to shut down their operations in Sudan last week . So far the agency has confirmed 32 meningitis cases and four deaths , and has seen dozens of other suspected cases . Thousands of unvaccinated refugees and villagers are now exposed to the airborne disease in densely populated camps and villages throughout Sudan . "  One of our priorities is to get another organization to take over our programs there , " Davies added . The medical relief agency says it doubts though that other any other organizations have the capacity to deal with a meningitis epidemic . Davies also said she is worried about the cut-off of MSF 's feeding and maternal delivery services : "  We had over 100 patients on our feeding program that now wo n't be receiving any follow up . " The decision by the Sudanese government to throw out the aid groups came a day after the International Criminal Court at The Hague issued an arrest warrant for Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir for war crimes and crimes against humanity in Darfur . However , not all international aid organizations are affected . Others including World Vision international continues its work , which reaches approximately 500,000 internally displaced people in South Sudan . The U.N. has received reports that international staff members of five non-governmental organizations had been detained for up to four hours . Speaking on the phone from Nairobi , an aid worker , who asked not to be identified for fear of further harassment , told CNN that his colleagues who remained in Khartoum were being intimidated and threatened by government agents . In some cases Sudanese government representatives "  had started gathering banking details and confiscating computers , communications equipment and vehicles from the NGOs " , a U.N spokesman said at a news conference last week . Last week , the U.N. warned that the loss of NGOs in Sudan would cause 1.1 million people to go without food aid and health care , and more than 1 million to have no access to water . Oxfam , whose work focuses on providing safe drinking water , was one of the aid groups who were told their registration to operate in Sudan was no longer valid . Ninety percent of their staff are Sudanese nationals , who mostly remain in country , unable to continue their relief work under threat of arrest . "  These agencies are vital implementation partners for the United Nations and account for at least half of the humanitarian capacity in Darfur , " said Catherine Bragg , U.N. Deputy Emergency Relief Coordinator at the news conference in New York .	Meningitis threatens hundreds of thousands of people in Darfur More than a million at risk of starvation after aid agencies expelled , U.N. warns Sources : Aid workers harassed and detained by the Sudanese government
Beijing  CNN  -- It 's the Chinese crime story of the century and a major embarrassment for the country 's all-powerful Communist Party . In late July , Bo Xilai , a former darling of the party , was finally indicted on corruption charges . His trial is expected to begin on Thursday , August 22 , the latest chapter in a gripping tale of murder , betrayal and political factionalism . The authorities claim he abused his official state position to seek financial benefits , resulting in "  huge losses to the nation and the people . " "  The circumstances are extremely serious , " a statement in the state-run Xinhua news agency declared a few days later . But a source close to the Bo family for decades says the claims are "  ridiculous . " "  The charges go way back when Bo was in Dalian . That 's more than 20 years ago . So they can not find anything more recent ? " READ MORE : Bo Xilai indicted for corruption Until March 2012 , the charismatic , populist leader was a member of the policy-making politburo of the Communist Party and party chief of Chongqing , a megacity in southwestern China . Bo , 64 , is currently in detention , awaiting a trial that could cap the biggest political scandal to hit China in decades . He has not been seen in public since news of the scandal emerged , and he was stripped of his role as Chongqing party chief and later his prestigious politburo post . TIMELINE : Bo 's fall from grace Bo stands accused of bribery , embezzlement and abuse of power . According to the indictment documents , as a civil servant he took advantage of his position to seek profit from others and accepted an extremely large amount of money and properties , Xinhua reported . The documents do n't quantify the amount of bribes allegedly accepted , but published reports say it could be as much as 20 million yuan  $ 3.3 million  . What are the allegations about ? Concrete details are not forthcoming . Bo 's lawyer did not respond to request for comments , but sources close to Bo who requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the case , gave CNN their thoughts on how he is preparing to defend himself . The accusations , according to those sources , may be linked to the case of Xu Ming , a multi-millionaire entrepreneur who owned several companies in Dalian , a bustling port city in eastern China where Bo Xilai served as mayor for nearly nine years . Xu has not been seen for more than a year and is believed to be under detention for alleged corruption . The sources believe that , of the 20 million yuan in alleged bribes , 16 million  $ 2.6 million  may be related to the purchase of a house in Nice , France that Xu bought some years ago . Prosecutors may allege that Xu gave the house to Bo 's wife and son . "  The Bo family says they are aware that Xu bought such a house , but they have no connection with its purchase and ownership . It 's believed to be an old house that Xu may have bought as an investment or for use as vacation house , " one source said . READ MORE : Bo 's wife convicted of murder What punishment awaits Bo ? China 's legal system gives much discretion and flexibility to the local courts in imposing punishment . For the same charge of bribery , for example , Zheng Xiaoyu , former head of the State Food and Drug Administration , was convicted in 2007 of taking more than six million yuan  about $ 1 million  in bribes . He was sentenced to death and executed later that year . In 2009 , however , Chen Tonghai , former chairman of Chinese oil giant Sinopec , was convicted of taking 196 million yuan  $ 31 million  in bribes . He was given a suspended death sentence . Family sources say while they worry for his life , they want Bo to be "  strong-willed . " "  We hope he will not fall for any offers of compromise or blackmail , like if you co-operate we will leave your son out of this , or will give you and your wife leniency . " READ MORE : Bo 's son submits statement in mother 's defence They are also concerned about the in-fighting at the top leadership and its impact on how Bo 's case will be settled . "  Although Bo may not be sentenced to death , we still worry , " the sources said . "  It is also far from over for  Bo 's wife  Gu Kailai , who is serving suspended sentence . They still hold much leverage . "	Source close to Bo Xilai 's family reject charges against him Chinese politician accused of bribery , corruption and abuse of power His trial is expected to begin soon more than one year after scandal emerged Bo 's wife has been convicted of murder , serving suspended death sentence
CNN  The Islamist militant group Boko Haram kidnapped 40 boys and young men -- ages 10 to 23 -- from a village in the northeastern Nigerian state of Borno , some of those fleeing said Saturday . The terrorists arrived in the village of Malari carrying assault rifles and then preached to them about the group 's extremist ideology before forcibly taking 40 hostages and driving toward the Sambisa forest on December 31 , villagers who fled to Maiduguri said . It took days for information on this mass abduction to emerge due to poor communications stemming from the destruction of cell phone towers in previous Boko Haram attacks.This act , while horrific , is hardly unprecedented . Boko Haram has been blamed for numerous attacks , from assassinations of officials to bombings of crowded markets , in recent years as part of its quest to impose a strict version of Sharia law across Nigeria . Mass kidnappings have been part of that campaign , most notably the taking of more than 200 schoolgirls from Chibok in April . There was talk of a ceasefire deal that would pave the way for the girls ' release , but Boko Haram leader Abubakar Shekau laughed it off , claiming that those abducted had converted to Islam and been married off . Boko Haram leader says 200 abducted girls married off As the latest incident proves , it 's not only young women who have been targeted . Boko Haram kidnapped at least 97 young men and boys in a deadly raid in August in and around the village of Doron Baga , a local leader and residents said . Twenty-eight residents died , and 25 more were injured in that raid , according to residents . Journalist Aminu Abubakar reported from Kano , Nigeria . CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	Armed Boko Haram militants went into a village , preached , then abducted 40 Those kidnapped were between ages 10 and 23 , some of those who fled say Boko Haram has been blamed for similar incidents , like the taking of 200 schoolgirls
CNN  -- U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder said Tuesday the Justice Department has launched a criminal investigation into the massive oil spill spreading through the Gulf of Mexico . Holder said the investigation , which began "  some weeks ago , " would be comprehensive and aggressive . He promised that the federal officials will prosecute anyone who broke the law . "  We have begun both a criminal as well as a civil investigation as is our obligation under the law , " Holder said . "  We have what we think is a sufficient case to have begun a criminal investigation . " Holder emphasized that the investigation will cover all aspects of the oil spill , including the deaths of 11 workers in the April 20 explosion and fire on the Deepwater Horizon rig that started the leak . He refused to name any potential targets of the investigation , saying , "  I do n't want to unnecessarily cast aspersions . " However , Holder said "  nothing is off the table " in the probe , and he cited false statements as one of several potential targets of criminal charges . "  This disaster is nothing less than a tragedy , " Holder said . "  As our review expands in the days ahead , we will be meticulous , we will be comprehensive , and we will be aggressive . We will not rest until justice is done . " Holder stressed that "  anyone found responsible for this spill  must be  held accountable . That means enforcing the appropriate civil -- and if warranted , criminal -- authorities to the full extent of the law . " Among other things , Holder said Justice Department lawyers are examining possible violations of the Clean Water Act and the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 . He also said prosecutors are looking into potential violations of the Migratory Bird Treaty and Endangered Species Acts , which provide penalties for injury and death to wildlife . BP responded in a statement that it "  will cooperate with any inquiry the Department of Justice will undertake , just as we are doing in response to the other inquires that are already ongoing . " Holder made the announcement during a visit to the Gulf to survey the BP oil spill and meet with state attorneys general and federal prosecutors from Louisiana , Alabama and Mississippi , according to the Justice Department . Last month , a group of senators -- including Environment and Public Works Committee Chair Sen. Barbara Boxer , D-California -- sent Holder a letter expressing concerns "  about the truthfulness and accuracy of statements submitted by BP to the government in its initial exploration plan for the site . " They asked the attorney general to investigate possible criminal and civil wrongdoing . In a reply to that letter last week , a Justice Department official refused to say whether a criminal investigation had begun . "  The Department of Justice will take all necessary and appropriate steps to ensure that those responsible for this tragic series of events are held fully accountable , " Assistant Attorney General Ronald Welch wrote . Holder said last month the Justice Department would "  ensure that BP is held liable . " Boxer issued a statement Monday praising the criminal probe . "  In preparation for the Environment Committee 's hearings on the oil spill , it became clear that BP 's assurances that they could respond effectively to a serious spill at this site were totally at odds with reality , " Boxer said in the statement . "  What is happening in the Gulf -- eleven people dead , and an entire ecosystem and the jobs that depend on it at risk -- justifies a thorough criminal investigation . " CNN 's Scott Bronstein and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report	NEW : Attorney General Eric Holder says enough evidence existed to start a criminal investigation NEW : Senator lauds criminal investigation launched by Department of Justice DOJ looking into potential violations of Clean Water Act , Oil Pollution Act of 1990 and other laws Holder visits Gulf Coast on Tuesday to survey BP oil spill
CNN  -- Boxing world champion Wladimir Klitschko has told CNN that David Haye will become the 50th knockout victim of his career when the two face-off in July . The IBF , IBO and WBO heavyweight champion is set to face WBA champ Haye in Hamburg , Germany , on July 2 in a bid to unify four of the division 's five belts . The Ukrainian recently pulled out of his scheduled April 30 fight with another British boxer , Derek Chisora , and boasts a formidable record during his 15-year career , winning 55 of his 58 fights -- 49 coming via knockout . And he claims Haye is the perfect man to help him notch up a landmark half century . He told CNN : "  I knocked out 49 fighters and David Haye is going to be the 50th on my list . I am looking forward to it , I will get a great challenge in the ring . "  He will try to get through with his strategy , psychological and physical game and I 'm ready for it because I 'm a true professional athlete and have been doing it for such a long time . I love to be challenged . " Londoner Haye can also point to an impressive record in the sport , having won 25 of his 26 fights , 23 coming via knockout . The 30-year-old moved up from the Cruiserweight division in 2008 and has made public his desire to fight Wladimir , and his older brother , the WBC heavyweight champion Vitali , before he retires on his birthday -- October 13 this year . When Wladimir was asked what would happen if Haye was to win their July bout , he replied : "  Defeat  is not an option -- myself and Vitali are going to unify all the belts . "  Haye is quick and his record speaks for itself . He won a lot of fights by knockout , so I will not underestimate his speed or his punching power . "  I 've been in boxing for last 15 years and I 'm going to be close to 60 fights , I know exactly what to expect from every single opponent . " Wladimir also denied that he will enjoy any advantage from the fact that the contest will be staged in Germany -- the country that has hosted many of his title fights in the past . He explained : "  It 's not really an advantage because the ring is the same everywhere -- it has four corners with a referee in between you and your opponent . "  It 's all about the way you fight and how you follow through with your plan and tactics . "	Wladimir Klitschko tells CNN that David Haye will be his 50th knockout victim The two heavyweight boxers face off in Hamburg , Germany on July 2 Klitschko holds the IBF , WBO & IBO belts , Haye the WBA version The Ukrainian has won 55 of his 58 fights during a 15-year career with 49 via KOs
Los Angeles  CNN  -- What if your video-game console , TV , tablet and smartphone all worked together to enhance gaming , movies and TV shows for you ? That 's what Microsoft envisions with Xbox SmartGlass , a system introduced Monday at the Electronic Entertainment Expo  E3  in Los Angeles . The system is the most visible iteration yet of the future Microsoft hopes to build around Windows 8 , its new operating system that promises to run seamlessly on PCs , tablets and smartphones . SmartGlass is an app for Windows 8 , which is currently available in a preliminary beta version . But the system will also work with mobile devices running Apple 's iOS and Google 's Android operating systems . "  Xbox is on a mission to make the entertainment that you love even more amazing , " Don Mattrick , president of interactive entertainment for Microsoft , said at a media event kicking off E3 , the world 's largest gathering for the video-game industry . "  With Xbox SmartGlass , we are lighting up entertainment across your phone , tablet , PC and TV in a completely new way . If you love to play games , watch TV and movies , surf the Web or listen to music , there has never been a better time to be on Xbox . " Among its features demoed at the event : using a tablet to call plays on "  Madden 2012 " and viewing maps of the fantasy land of Westeros on a tablet or smartphone while watching "  Game of Thrones " on HBO . The technology also was used to pause a movie on a Windows tablet and then send it to an Xbox to continue watching -- and as a way to use a smartphone as a remote control . Industry veteran Adam Sessler , a former G4TV host , thinks SmartGlass could be a savvy move for Microsoft . "  They read the reality of the landscape and realized they ca n't compete in the tablet market . This allows them to get their stamp on every device with no risk , " he told CNN . "  It shows a maturity at Microsoft about how people are handling their games and entertainment . I do n't think -LSB- SmartGlass -RSB- works right now for gaming , but I have a few ideas on how it might work for the future . " As gaming shifts , developers scramble to adapt SmartGlass was the highlight of a list of features emphasizing that Microsoft wants the Xbox , and its Xbox LIVE network , to be far more than just a way to play games . Saying Web browsers on other networks are "  painfully slow , " Mattrick announced that an integrated version of Internet Explorer will be coming to the Xbox this fall . And he announced Xbox Music , a service that will bring millions of songs to the console and devices running Windows 8 . But , this being E3 , the big excitement at the convention was about the games . Microsoft began the event with a part-gameplay , part live-action movie trailer for "  Halo 4 , " the latest in the beloved shooter series that has sold more than 40 million copies worldwide . The game is due in November . That game and other previewed titles like "  Splinter Cell : Blacklist " and "  Madden 2013 " will use the Kinect system 's voice controls to let players speak , instead of fiddling with buttons , to give certain commands . Hall of Fame quarterback Joe Montana was brought out to play some "  Madden , " calling plays and audibles in real time as he guided the San Francisco 49ers offense . Other celebrity highlights included Usher demonstrating dance moves he helped craft for "  Dance Central 3 " and "  South Park " creators Matt Stone and Trey Parker talking up "  South Park : The Stick of Truth , " a video game due to be released in March . In the game , the player is a new kid in town trying to join the foursome of Stan , Kyle , Cartman and Kenny . The results , of course , are ridiculous . "  The only thing that really interested us was if we could make a game where it felt like you were in an episode of ` South Park , ' " Stone said . Former TV host Sessler said he was impressed with the "  really strong " lineup of Xbox games previewed Monday . "  They -LSB- Microsoft -RSB- were showing that they are n't changing their brand . When the next-gen console comes out , the early adapters are going to be the hardcore gamers , " he said . "  Those titles spoke directly to them . " Microsoft 's presentation was the first from the three major video-game console makers . Nintendo and Sony will have similar events at E3 , which runs through Thursday .	Xbox SmartGlass joins Microsoft 's game console with phones , tablets , TVs App is for Windows 8 but also works with Apple and Android devices Biggest cheers Monday were for "  Halo 4 " trailer E3 , the Electronic Entertainment Expo , is the year 's biggest gaming event
CNN  -- When Apple co-founder Steve Jobs succumbed to cancer in his California home a year ago today , the world rushed to eulogize him in glowing terms : Genius . Visionary . A modern-day Thomas Edison . Obituaries and video clips focused on how he led a mobile-computing revolution , upended the music industry with iTunes and , at Pixar , changed the way movies are made . Pundits marveled at his brilliance in creating a mystique about Apple products and knowing which unborn electronic gadgets consumers would most desire . Fans lit candles outside Apple stores around the world , and more than a million people left thanks or tributes to Jobs on Apple 's website . 10 things Steve Jobs taught us But in the 12 months since , as high-profile books have probed Jobs ' life and career , that reputation has evolved somewhat . Nobody has questioned Jobs ' seismic impact on computing and our communication culture . But as writers have documented Jobs ' often callous , controlling personality , a fuller portrait of the mercurial Apple CEO has emerged . "  Everyone knows that Steve had his ` rough ' side . That 's partially because he really did have a rough side and partially because the rough Steve was a better news story than the human Steve , " said Ken Segall , author of "  Insanely Simple : The Obsession That Drives Apple 's Success . " "  Since Apple is the most-watched company on Earth , there are a ton of writers always looking for the new angle , " Segall added . "  After all the glowing tributes to Steve ran their course , it 's not surprising that the more negative articles would start to pop up . " 10 great quotes from Steve Jobs The book Nineteen days after Jobs ' death , Walter Isaacson 's much-awaited biography of the Apple leader hit stores and immediately became the top-selling book in the country . In "  Steve Jobs , " Isaacson crafted a compelling narrative of how Jobs ' co-founded Apple with Steve Wozniak , got pushed out of the struggling company a decade later and then returned in the late 1990s to begin one of the most triumphant second acts in the annals of American business . But he also spent many pages chronicling the arrogant , cruel behavior of a complicated figure who could inspire people one minute and demean them the next . According to the book , Jobs would often berate employees whose work he did n't like . He was notoriously difficult to please and viewed people and products in black and white terms . They were either brilliant or "  sh-t . " As a young man Jobs abandoned his pregnant girlfriend and was later a cold , distant father to his daughter , Lisa . And in one especially callous episode , Jobs refused to give founding stock options to one of Apple 's earliest employees , even after a fellow employee intervened and offered to match whatever Jobs was willing to spare . "  What Isaacson 's book did was puncture a hole in the image the rest of the world had of Steve Jobs , " said Adam Lashinsky , a senior editor at Fortune and author of "  Inside Apple : How America 's Most Admired -- and Secretive -- Company Really Works . " Thanks to Isaacson , "  the population at large has gotten a much fuller picture of who he really was , " Lashinsky added . "  I do n't think that really changes anyone 's opinion of his accomplishments . It just may change their opinion of him . " The Isaacson book , and other accounts of Jobs ' life and work , have reinforced parallel images of the late executive as an ingenious innovator but a demanding , unpleasant person . "  His stature is greater than ever . No one denies his brilliance and his legacy , " said Leander Kahney , editor and publisher of Cult of Mac and author of "  Inside Steve 's Brain , " a book about Jobs . "  However , his personality , his methods , have been thrown into a harsh new light by Isaacson 's biography , " Kahney told CNN . "  Everyone knew he was a taskmaster , but his cruelty -- his relentless , humorless pursuit of corporate perfection -- was n't so widely acknowledged . It 's certainly put some people off . Some see his life as a warning . It 's a lesson in how not to devote your life to your work . " This dichotomy was reinforced in July when Wired magazine published a cover story , "  Do you really want to be like Steve Jobs ? " and a cover image of Jobs wearing both a halo and devil horns . The article argued that Jobs ' example has created two camps of people : those who want to emulate his ruthless , idiosyncratic business style , and those who are turned off by his failings as a father and a human . "  Indeed , his life story has emerged as an odd sort of holy scripture for entrepreneurs , a gospel and an anti-gospel at the same time , " said the article , by Ben Austen . "  To some , Jobs ' life has revealed the importance of sticking firmly to one 's vision and goals , no matter the psychic toll on employees or business associates . To others , Jobs serves as a cautionary tale , a man who changed the world but at the price of alienating almost everyone around him . " Did Apple 's fanboy fever peak with Steve Jobs ? Apple since Steve Some observers say that Apple 's mighty financial performance over the past year , its stock price is almost $ 300 higher now than it was when Jobs died and Apple is now the world 's most valuable company , diminishes Jobs ' legacy . If he was so crucial to the company , why are they doing better without him ? Others say Apple 's ongoing success cements Jobs ' business reputation because the company is being run by a team that he handpicked and is still releasing products , most notably the third-generation iPad and the iPhone 5 , that he helped design .  And Apple 's product launches are n't as interesting anymore . "  It 's hard to argue that Apple 's great financial performance in the last year diminishes Steve 's importance at all . It 's safe to say that everything we 've seen so far has had Steve 's mark on it , " Segall said . "  From this point forward , not as much . The next year or two should be interesting times for Apple watchers , as Steve 's direct influence slips further into the past . " Then there 's the issue of the much-maligned new Apple maps , which replaced Google Maps as the default mapping system on iOS 6 , Apple 's new mobile operating system . Apple CEO Tim Cook issued a rare public apology last month for the maps , which have misplaced or mislabeled multiple streets and landmarks . Who is the next Steve Jobs ? A few pundits grumbled that Jobs the perfectionist , with his obsessive attention to detail , never would have allowed Apple to release such a flawed product . Others pointed out that Jobs presided over such Apple flops as MobileMe , a subscription service for owners of Apple products , and Ping , a social network centered around music . Segall does n't think the maps fiasco will have much impact on Jobs ' legacy either way . "  I do n't think anyone can conclude that Steve would have made a different decision about releasing Apple Maps , " he said in an e-mail to CNN . "  But I also do n't think Steve would have been as apologetic as Tim Cook was in his open letter . I imagine he would have done something similar to what he did when dealing with the backlash against Apple 's ban on Flash . Of course there is a big difference here , in that Flash had a lot of enemies and Google Maps has a lot of fans . " Your thoughts on the next Steve Jobs In the long term , however , Apple 's fluctuating stock price and flaps over maps probably wo n't do much to change consumers ' opinions of the man who birthed their beloved phones and tablets . And if Steve Jobs is remembered decades from now , it 'll likely be as the man who invented the iPod , iPhone and iPad , not as the executive who was sometimes a tyrant . Does anybody really care whether Alexander Graham Bell was cranky ? "  Among Apple employees , I 'd say his reputation has n't changed one bit . If anything , it 's probably grown because they 've realized how central his contributions were , " Lashinsky said . "  History tends to forgive people 's foibles and recognize their accomplishments . When Jobs died , he was compared to Edison and Henry Ford and to Disney . I do n't know what his place will be in history 30 , 40 , 50 years from now . And one year is certainly not enough time  to judge  . " How Apple has changed under Tim Cook	Apple co-founder died a year ago from cancer The initial rush to declare him a brilliant visionary have evolved High-profile books have documented Jobs ' callous , controlling personality
For members of Congress , the Obamacare debate is getting personal . This week , lawmakers can begin their sign-up process for health care , and a CNN survey shows that while most senators and representatives plan to participate in the Obamacare exchanges , a sizable group is walking away from the government-coordinated exchanges and instead getting their healthcare in the private marketplace . The Chart : Who has signed up for Obamacare in Congress Enrollment for the House and Senate opened Monday and ends in early December , forcing lawmakers to make two big decisions : Will they personally get coverage through an exchange -- either in Washington as part of their workplace or in their home state -- and if they sign on to the exchange as part of their job , will they take the thousands of dollars a year the federal government gives employees to help with premiums ? Of the 118 members of Congress who responded to CNN , the clear majority plan to get coverage on the exchange as members of Congress , taking the employer contribution that comes with it . But nearly 20 % of those responding indicated they would not go onto the exchanges . Some , like Rep. Allyson Schwartz , D-Pennsylvania , are on Medicare ; a few others rely on pension plans from previous jobs . Related : White House tech expert says HealthCare.gov getting better But many are choosing to stay out of the exchanges , making a politically sensitive decision that removes them from the process Congress created . Most are Republicans who see it as a statement about Obamacare and fiscal responsibility . "  She came to Congress to fight Obamacare , not to enroll in it , " wrote a spokesman for Rep. Diane Black , R-Tennessee , who is going directly to the private market for her health care . "  He feels the taxpayers should n't have to shoulder those personal costs for him , " explained a spokesman for Rep. Frank LoBiondo , R-New Jersey , who is also heading into the private markets . But it is not just Republicans . "  He  declined the employer health-coverage  on the exchange  as part of his commitment to fiscal responsibility and saving taxpayer money , " reads a statement the office Rep. Scott Peters , D-California , sent CNN . Peters will get health coverage through his wife 's plan . Related : White House officials get earful from Democrats on Obamacare The politics are tricky . If they stay in the exchange , they could be accused of backing Obamacare and taking federal money for their health care . But if they leave , they could be accused of not participating in the system Congress invented and , as part of the Affordable Care Act , decreed that lawmakers should personally experience . Several swing-state and closely watched senators have found a possible political middle ground by joining an exchange as individuals , not as members of Congress . Under the current system , Congress essentially acts as a small business employer on the Washington exchange . Thus , all members of Congress who want coverage and federal contribution dollars through their job have to enroll on that one exchange . But five senators are instead signing up as individuals through their home state , going through the exchange system but forgoing the federal dollars that would be attached if they signed up with their job in the D.C. exchange . "  I want to have the exact same experience and go through the same steps as other Alaskans when it comes to signing up for health care , " wrote Sen. Mark Begich , D-Alaska . Colorado Senator Michael Bennet is planning on doing the same in his state , as are fellow Democrats Claire McCaskill of Missouri , Jeff Merkley of Oregon and Republican John Hoeven of North Dakota . No House members responded that they were moving to their state exchange . One rare category of lawmakers consists of those who are signing up as members of Congress , going through the D.C. exchange , but who are nonetheless rejecting or returning the federal dollars that come with it . Related : ` Obamacare girl ' said she felt bullied The office of Rep. Patrick Murphy , D-Florida , told CNN , "  The congressman will return the federal contribution money to the U.S. Treasury . " Same for Sen. Mike Enzi , R-Wyoming . Rep. Mark Amodei , R-Nevada , is still deciding exactly where he 'll get his health care , but if he goes with a plan as a member of Congress , his office told CNN , he will donate to charity the thousands of dollars in premium help from the government . Still unknown is whether Sen. David Vitter , R-Louisiana , who launched a fiery protest against the federal contributions to congressional health care plans , will take the money . His office told CNN that he does plan on entering the exchange as a member of Congress , but his staff did not respond to our repeated questions about whether he would take the contribution . Members have until December 9 to decide if they want to get employer-backed coverage as part of their jobs .	Members of Congress will select their health care coverage starting this week Most say they will participate in Obamacare exchanges But many will opt out in favor of private plans or other options
CNN  -- Colombian rebels are prepared to release 10 hostages on Monday and Wednesday , officials said . The Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , had announced the impending release of the 10 -- the last of the government hostages they hold -- in February , and since then has been negotiating details of the release . Monday and Wednesday have been designated as the two days for the hostage releases , said Jordi Raich , head of the International Committee of the Red Cross delegation . "  We know the families and the loved ones of all these people have been waiting for so long : 12 , 13 , 14 years , and now is a very difficult moment , a moment of nervousness , " he said . "  Our main message to them is to be patient for two or three more days because this is an extremely complex operation where many people are involved and the key point of it all is to do it in a safe way , security is an extremely important to us . " Brazilian helicopters will arrive in Colombia on Sunday and will be used in the operation , he said . Support from the Red Cross will not end with the reuniting of the hostages with their families , Raich said . Psychological support , both for the families and the hostages who have been captive in the jungle for more than a decade , is very important , he said . The story does n't end with the hostages ' release because "  after so many years of separation , there is still a lot to do to help them overcome the trauma of this period of time that they have not been together , without news , to help them reintegrating into society , " he said . The leftist rebels have been at war with the Colombian government since the 1960s . While severely weakened in recent years , the group has continued to carry out kidnappings and attack security forces . In February , the FARC announced that it was releasing the hostages , and would stop kidnapping civilians for money . It did not address the fate of its civilian captives , nor did the group renounce kidnapping for political purposes . CNN 's Luisa Calad and journalist Toby Muse contributed to this report .	The FARC announced in February that it would release 10 hostages The 10 are the last of the goverment hostages held by FARC Monday and Wednesday have been set as the dates for their release FARC still has an unknown number of civilian captives
EW.com  -- Fox is pulling "  Ben and Kate " from its schedule . Yes , both of them ! The move comes after ABC blinked first , yesterday yanking its lowest-rated Tuesday comedy , "  Do n't Trust the B $ " - in Apt . 23. , " and doubling down on "  Happy Endings . " Now Fox is shuffling its Tuesday comedy block , removing Ben and Kate and instead airing two episodes of "  Raising Hope " starting next week . Fox says the remaining "  Ben and Kate " episodes will air at some point  there are six left  . Given "  Ben and Kate 's " ratings , the move was n't a surprise  if anything , some were shocked the show received an order for additional episodes last fall  . This is n't one of those decisions where you say , "  The network did n't give it a chance . " ` Mad Men ' season 6 premiere : April 7 Doubling up on "  Hope " through February will make room for the return of Hell 's Kitchen , which will now launch March 12 at 8 p.m. and lead into "  New Girl " and "  The Mindy Project . " The network emphasized these changes should not be taken as a bad sign for Hope , noting they plan to give the comedy a one-hour season finale following American Idol on Thursday , March 28 . ` New Girl ' react : Murder , he wrote ? Even when including seven days of DVR playback , "  Ben and Kate " averages only 3.1 million viewers and a 1.5 rating this season . Fellow Fox newcomer "  Mindy Project " has fared better , with 3.8 million and a 2.0 rating . Returning comedy "  Raising Hope " ties Mindy with 4.5 million and a 2.0 rating . While sophomore sensation New Girl tops them all with 6 million and a 3.3 rating . Over on ABC , "  Apt . 23 " has 3.6 million and a 1.5 rating while "  Happy Endings " has 4.5 million and a 1.7 . If you 're wondering how NBC 's Tuesday comedies stack up , "  Go On " has 7.5 million and a 2.9 rating ; "  New Normal " averages 5.8 million and a 2.4 . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Fox is pulling "  Ben and Kate " from its schedule ABC blinked first , yanking its Tuesday comedy "  Do n't Trust the B $ " - in Apt . 23 " Fox says the remaining "  Ben and Kate " episodes will air at some point
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama told Florida 's Cuban-American community Friday that his Cuba policy would be based on "  libertad " and freedom for the island nation 's people . Sen. Barack Obama speaks at a Cuban Independence Day event in Miami , Florida , on Friday . "  My policy toward Cuba will be guided by one word : ` libertad , ' " he said , using the Spanish word for liberty at an event celebrating Cuban Independence Day in Miami , Florida . "  The road to freedom for all Cubans must begin with justice for Cuba 's political prisoners , the right of free speech , a free press , freedom of assembly , and it must lead to elections that are free and fair , " Obama said . "  That is my commitment . "  I wo n't stand for this injustice ; you will not stand for this injustice , and together we will stand up for freedom in Cuba . That will be my commitment as president of the United States of America , " he said . Watch Obama call for freedom in Cuba " Obama also said the policy for Cuba and the rest of Latin America would be guided by "  the simple principle that what 's good for the people of the Americas is good for the United States . " "  After eight years of the failed policies of the past , we need new leadership for the future , " he said . "  After decades of pressing for top-down reform , we need an agenda that advances democracy , security and opportunity from the bottom up . " Obama called for looser restrictions on travel to Cuba so Cuban-Americans can visit family members relatives as well as allowing larger money transfers to the island , two positions that are popular within the Cuban-American community . Obama , however , may lose votes among Cuban-Americans if they think he is willing to talk with Ral Castro , the president of Cuba who recently took over leadership of the island nation from his brother , Fidel Castro . Speaking in Miami on Tuesday , Sen. John McCain , the presumptive Republican presidential nominee , blasted Obama for changing his positions on normalization with Cuba and for wanting to "  sit down unconditionally for a presidential meeting with Ral Castro . " "  These steps would send the worst possible signal to Cuba 's dictators : There is no need to undertake fundamental reforms ; they can simply wait for a unilateral change in U.S. policy , " McCain said . "  I believe we should give hope to the Cuban people , not to the Castro regime . Watch McCain blast Obama 's position on Cuba " "  My administration will press the Cuban regime to release all political prisoners unconditionally , to legalize all political parties , labor unions and free media , and to schedule internationally monitored elections . The embargo must stay in place until these basic elements of democratic society are met , " McCain said . But Obama said McCain had misrepresented his position . "  John McCain 's been going around the country talking about how much I want to meet with Ral Castro , as if I 'm looking for a social gathering ; I 'm going to invite him over and have some tea . That 's not what I said , -LSB- and -RSB- John McCain knows it , " he said . Obama also faulted McCain for pursuing what he called the failed Cuba polices of President Bush . "  Now , I know what the easy thing is to do for American politicians . Every four years , they come down to Miami , they talk tough , they go back to Washington , and nothing changes in Cuba . That 's what John McCain did the other day , " Obama said . "  He joined the parade of politicians who make the same empty promises year after year , decade after decade . "  Instead of offering a strategy for change , he chose to distort my position and embrace George Bush 's and continue a policy that 's done nothing to advance freedom for the Cuban people . That 's the political posture that John McCain has chosen , and all it shows is that you ca n't take his so-called straight talk seriously . " Republicans have been able to count on the support of southern Florida 's Cuban American community by maintaining a no-compromise stance against Cuba 's Communist regime . And with a 70 percent turnout rate , Cuban-Americans have been a powerful force in Florida and thus , because of Florida 's role as a swing state , national politics . Watch how Obama is wooing Cuban Americans " Younger Cuban-Americans , however , are beginning to question their community 's alliance with the GOP . "  In reality , all they give to Cuban-Americans is lip service , and I think Cuban-Americans of my generation , Cuban-Americans of previous generations , are tired of the lip service , " said Giancarlo Sopo , who is backing Obama . But despite Democratic efforts to reach out to Cuban Americans , "  the reality is , there is no change , " says Rep. Mario Diaz-Balart , a Republican who has represented his South Florida district for eight terms . Obama , Diaz-Balart said , may even help Republicans unite Cuban-Americans behind the GOP banner once again . "  This community is steadfast . It 's solid . It understands the value of freedom , " Diaz-Balart said .	NEW : Sen. Obama says Cuba policy will be based on liberty for Cuban people NEW : Democratic front-runner accuses Sen. McCain of distorting position Obama calls for looser restrictions on travel , fund transfers to Cuba McCain argues for continuation of hard line policy against communist regime
CNN  -- The first refuge of tyrants and buffoons is to blame someone else for the messes they make . On the world stage , that usually means blaming America when things do not go their way . It 's an old trick . It 's easy to spot . But it does n't work as well as it used to . Russia 's Vladimir Putin is using it to bolster his standing ahead of Sunday 's presidential election . The Iranian regime just dusted off the old trick in advance of Friday 's election , the first national vote since the disputed , probably stolen , 2009 election . So have Egypt and Syria , blaming "  foreign conspirators " for their people 's demands for democratic change . Even Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , with elections approaching , has blamed his cancer on the CIA . That is , indeed , a flattering collection of critics . The blame-America ploy is nothing new . The first chapter of the Dictators ' Handbook instructs practitioners to find an external enemy to help them preserve their rule . OK , there is no such book , but the strategy is as familiar as paying "  supporters " to attend a pro-government demonstration , or simply stealing an election . By blaming mysterious and powerful outsiders , rulers can shift their problems and distract the population from their legitimate grievances . And when it really works , the tactic can rally the people behind the leader as they passionately take up the cause against evil foreigners who would harm their country . What could be better ? The scam worked like a charm for decades in the Middle East , where dictators blamed the U.S. and Israel for their countries ' multiplying ills . But the search for excuses , like a knife that has been used too many times , is not cutting as sharply as it used to . In 2009 , when hundreds of thousands of Iranians took to the streets accusing President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad of stealing the election , the regime blamed "  Western powers " for the outcry . Ahead of Friday 's parliamentary elections in Iran , authorities first decimated the opposition and then accused America of a secret plot . Authorities imprisoned those who dared to speak out , including reporters , and carried out scores of public executions as a way to intimidate dissenters . The regime still faces profound internal divisions -- between hard-liners and harder-liners . But it would still like a strong turnout to make its stifling grip on power look like a warm embrace . To pre-empt anyone from interpreting low voting numbers as rejection of the regime , the government warned that a malevolent U.S. is afraid of a turnout and is working to keep Iranians from voting . It further claimed that turnout was high when voting was just starting , despite observations to the contrary . In Egypt , the U.S. and Israel have been blamed for practically everything , from starting uprisings to fomenting sectarian clashes . The ruling military council is resisting pressure for change . When protesters demand democracy , the military council hints it 's America 's doing , suggesting "  hidden powers " are creating unrest , and then detaining American democracy workers . Egyptian authorities walk a fine line , seeking to benefit from anti-American sentiment without cutting off Washington 's generous aid . Syria 's Bashar al-Assad has blamed a variety of villains for his woes , as he continues to kill regime opponents by the thousands . He even tried to provoke fighting with Israel by rushing people across the border last summer , but the people saw through his scheme . Protesters want Assad out . Still , the president claims , "  The external conspiracy is clear to everybody . " In Russia , no one doubts that Vladimir Putin will win Sunday 's presidential election . He has run Russia for more than a dozen years , including an early stint as prime minister . He won the presidency twice , and when he hit the term-limit block , he anointed a successor as president while he became prime minister yet again . When he announced a few months ago that he would seek the presidency , Russians felt insulted . Despite the merciless Moscow cold , thousands have protested against Putin , because they believe his actions are an affront to democracy . But in utterly predictable fashion , Putin blames the the U.S. . He took a jab at Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and dismissed his critics by accusing them of following Clinton 's "  signal . " In a rant reminiscent of moldy Cold War politics , he said the United States wanted to weaken Russia , a rival nuclear power . Putin will win because he still enjoys a great deal of support , and because he has denied Russians a chance to fairly weigh the alternatives by undermining the opposition at every turn and monopolizing media coverage . His charges that the U.S. orchestrated opposition to his rule only serve to show his nervousness and weakness . In Venezuela , Chavez is facing stronger opposition than at any time in his dozen years in power . He too has made warnings about U.S. misdeeds a hallmark of his rule . When he was diagnosed with cancer , as had been several Latin American presidents , he suggested a mysterious Washington link to the illnesses . The search for a distraction , for someone to blame for all that ails a president or a country does not mean that outsiders are completely free of blame . But it does point to regimes that want to change the subject , that want the people to think about something else , anything , other than whether or not they should stay in power . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : Tyrants like to blame someone else for the messes they make Ghitis : rulers in Russia , Iran , Egypt and Venezuela have pointed fingers at the U.S. She says this tactic has worked for decades in the Middle East Ghitis : But the search for distractions is not working as well as it used to
Rome  CNN  -- A group representing survivors of sexual abuse by priests named a "  Dirty Dozen " list of cardinals it said would be the worst candidates for pope based on their handling of child sex abuse claims or their public comments about the cases . The list names three U.S. Roman Catholic cardinals and nine from other countries . Watch for the smoke : How is a new pope elected ? SNAP , the Survivors ' Network of those Abused by Priests , said as it released the list Wednesday that its accusations were based on media reports , legal filings and victims ' statements . A representative for one of the cardinals on list dismissed the group . The remaining cardinals or their representatives could n't be immediately reached by CNN for comment Wednesday . "  I 'm not going to respond to this group which has little to no credibility , " said Joseph Zwelling , a spokesman for Cardinal Timothy Dolan of New York . When asked about the SNAP list , the Rev. Federico Lombardi , a spokesman for the Vatican , told CNN : "  We believe it is not up to SNAP to decide who comes to conclave and who is chosen . ... cardinals can decide themselves without asking SNAP for advice . " Lombardi and another Vatican spokesman , the Rev. Thomas Rosica , read the SNAP press release together , Rosica said . Lombardi declined to comment further . The two other U.S. cardinals on the list are Sean O'Malley of Boston and Donald Wuerl of Washington , D.C. , the group said . A spokeswoman for Wuerl declined to comment . The others listed are Leonardo Sandri of Argentina , George Pell of Australia , Marc Ouellet of Canada , Dominik Duka or the Czech Republic , Peter Turkson of Ghana , Oscar Rodriguez Maradiaga of Honduras , Tarcisio Bertone and Angelo Scola of Italy , and Norberto Rivera Carrera of Mexico , the group said . Not all of them are linked to alleged coverups of sexual abuse , SNAP said . Some were placed on the list because of their public remarks related to the abuse scandal , SNAP said . On Monday , SNAP also called for some of the older cardinals to remove themselves from the meetings held before the election of the new pope , arguing that some have been accused of complicity in protecting priests accused of sexually abusing children . Cardinals from around the globe have been summoned to Rome to take part in the process of choosing the next pontiff , after the resignation of Pope Benedict XVI last week . As of midday , 113 of the 115 cardinals eligible to elect the new pope are in Rome , according to Lombardi . To be eligible to be a part of the group , a cardinal must be under the age of 80 . The two cardinal-electors who are not yet there are Kazimierz Nycz of Warsaw , who was due to arrive later Wednesday , and Jean-Baptiste Pham Minh Man of Vietnam , who is arriving Thursday . Interactive : A look at possible papal contenders No date has yet been proposed for the secret election , or conclave , to select the former pontiff 's successor . Meanwhile , a new study says American Catholics view sex abuse by clergy as the most important problem facing the church today , according to the Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life . When asked to put in their own words what 's the most pressing issue facing their church , 34 % of the U.S. Catholics questioned cite pedophilia , sex abuse or another phrase for the same problem , Pew said . No other problem received a more than 10 % response ; the next biggest issue named is low trust and low credibility , at 9 % , Pew said . ` Silence did n't work ' SNAP is intentionally focusing on candidates with a realistic chance of being named pope , its executive director David Clohessy said Wednesday as the group released its list . "  The single quickest and most effective step would be for the next pope to clearly discipline , demote , denounce and even defrock cardinals and bishops who are concealing child sex crimes . We think that 's the missing piece , " he said . The new pope should order each bishop around the world to hand over "  every piece of paper he has on proven , admitted or credibly accused child-molesting clerics to law enforcement , " Clohessy said . Barbara Dorris , victims ' outreach director for SNAP , said : "  The short answer is we 've tried silence , silence did n't work , so we have to speak out . We have to do everything we can to get this information out there . " The Catholic Church has been rocked by a series of child sex abuse scandals in recent years -- and the new pope will be under pressure to deal more effectively with a crisis that has shaken public confidence in the church . SNAP says it 's vital to look at how the world 's bishops have handled claims of abuse by priests because the crisis is far from over . "  This scandal , we believe , has yet to surface in most nations . It 's shameless spin and deliberate deception to claim otherwise . It 's tempting to reassure the public and the parishioners by making this claim . But it 's also irresponsible , " a statement on SNAP 's website said . "  Clergy sex crimes and coverups remain deeply hidden in the vast majority of nations  where most Catholics live  , and has really only become widely known -- and barely addressed -- in the U.S. about a decade ago and in a few European countries even more recently . " What 's in a name ? Clues to be found in next pope 's moniker Media leaks concern A news conference scheduled by American cardinals for Wednesday , following media briefings on Monday and Tuesday , was canceled at short notice . Asked if the Vatican had told the American cardinals to stop their daily media briefings , Vatican spokesman Rosica suggested that the details of what was discussed in the general congregations were not meant to be publicized . "  It 's not up to Father Lombardi or myself to tell them what to do , " he said . "  It could be that among themselves they realized that there are different ways and different methods of getting things out . " Sister Mary Ann Walsh , director of media relations for the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , said via e-mail that the U.S. cardinals were committed to transparency and had wanted to share "  a process-related overview of their work " with the public "  in order to inform while ensuring the confidentiality " of the general congregations . "  Due to concerns over accounts being reported in the Italian press , which breached confidentiality , the College of Cardinals has agreed not to give interviews , " she said . In total , 153 cardinals gathered Wednesday at the Vatican for a third day of meetings , known as general congregations , before they set the timetable for the election . The cardinals spoke about new evangelization , restructuring of the church hierarchy , or curia , and the need for good governance of the church , Lombardi said . A five-minute limit has been imposed on cardinals speaking at the meetings , although the microphone is not being switched off if they run over the time allowed . The cardinals have decided to meet twice Thursday , in the morning and afternoon , in order to "  intensify the rhythm of work , " Lombardi said . Video shown at a Vatican news conference showed workers preparing the Sistine Chapel for the secretive conclave . An elevated floor is being put in place to protect the elaborate mosaic tiling , said Lombardi , where seats will be placed for the cardinals . The Sistine Chapel and its ornate ceiling by Michelangelo are normally a must-see for tourists in Rome , but it was closed to the public beginning Tuesday afternoon to allow for preparations to take place . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene and Hada Messia reported from Rome , and Laura Smith-Spark reported and wrote in London . CNN 's Michael Martinez also contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep for D.C. cardinal declines to comment Group "  has little to no credibility , " says spokesman for New York cardinal Cardinals wo n't give any more interviews because of leak concerns , U.S. nun says Vatican says it 's not up to priest abuse survivors ' group to decide what cardinals do
CNN  -- A paramedic who responded to a horrific , deadly fertilizer plant explosion in West , Texas -- and who later spoke at a memorial for its victims -- was sentenced to 21 months in federal prison for conspiring to make a pipe bomb , a prosecutor 's office said . Bryce Reed pleaded guilty earlier this fall to conspiracy to possess an unregistered destructive device and attempted obstruction of justice . Reed , 31 , was sentenced on those charges Wednesday afternoon in Waco , according to a news release from the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Western District of Texas . He will be subject to three years of supervised release after getting out of prison and must pay a $ 2,000 fine . Reed was among the emergency workers who responded to an ammonium nitrate explosion that killed 15 people -- most of them firefighters and paramedics -- and devastated West , a town about 20 miles north of Waco and 75 miles south of Dallas . He was vocal afterward as well , speaking to reporters and at a memorial service at Baylor University for the blast 's victims . In a previous statement , Reed 's lawyers stressed that neither the charges nor the resulting plea agreement "  have anything to do with the tragic explosion " that damaged dozens of homes , two schools and a nursing home and was so big that seismographs registered it as a small earthquake . DA sees no link so far between weapons possession and Texas blast Yet the blast did play a part in his arrest , according to the federal prosecutor . Reed 's home was among those affected by the April 17 explosion , prompting him to stay in a hotel in West . Before that , authorities say , he 'd bought pipe bomb components and had them shipped to his house . There , with the help of another person , he built a place for the pipe bomb , storing it "  inside two ammunition cans . " On April 26 , believing authorities going through explosion-damaged West homes might find the pipe bomb , Reed asked two people to go to his house , "  retrieve the ammunition cans and bring them to him , which they did , " reports the U.S. attorney 's office . The paramedic then packed the cans and bomb-making materials in a box to give to another man , telling him to "  get rid of this . " This man took the box and put it in a spare bedroom in his Abbott , Texas , home , finally opening it on May 7 , the prosecutor 's office said . "  He immediately notified the McLellan County Sheriff 's Office , who took possession of the items , " the U.S. attorney 's office added . It was then that Reed became a focus of investigators , who saw the materials , including galvanized metal pipe , a fuse , coils of metal ribbon and several bags of chemical powders . Reed chose to plead guilty , his lawyers said in October , "  to accept full responsibility for what he believes is his role in the allegations against him " and to avoid a long trial . "  Finally , ... Mr. Reed believes that continuing to draw out this process will be a distraction to the most important issue , the losses suffered by the heroes , friends and loved ones in the West community , " the attorneys added .	Bryce Reed is sentenced to 21 months in federal prison , a prosecutor 's office says He had pleaded guilty to conspiring to possess an unregistered destructive device Reed was among the first responders to a deadly blast at a Texas fertilizer plant His lawyers have said the charges are unrelated to that incident , which left 15 dead
CNN  -- Sometimes , it pays to eavesdrop on the next table over at lunch . That 's how Brian Preston learned about the homeless people living in the woods around his suburban Georgia community . Today , some of those men have jobs and homes thanks to Preston , in a business collaboration that 's not only producing expertly crafted furniture but restoring hope . Maybe it 's because feel-good stories are hard to come by that the tale of Preston 's carpentry outfit , Lamon Luther , has struck a nerve , earning a standing ovation last week from the audience at TEDxAtlanta , a series of independently organized talks modeled after the original TED conference . Turns out that what they needed were some tools and a chance , Preston , 31 , told the audience . In return , they 're helping keep alive a tradition of American craftsmanship that seems to be disappearing with each generation through Lamon Luther , which is named for Preston 's grandfather , a farmer and carpenter from Georgia . It might not have happened if Preston had n't overheard a conversation in 2009 in a restaurant in his hometown of Douglasville , Georgia , about "  the village in the woods . " Intrigued , he went to see for himself and discovered a makeshift camp where people lived in tents and shared firewood , propane and food that was stored in a hole in the ground . Some had recently left jail ; others were builders and craftsmen who had fallen on hard times after the housing crisis of 2007 gutted the construction industry . Photos : ` Down and Out in the South ' Preston , a married father of two , wanted to help . It had n't been that long since his family had experienced rough financial times after losing their residential development business in the housing crisis . He and his wife sold most of their belongings so they could downsize to an apartment and start over . The more he got to know the men in the woods and learned about how they 'd landed there , the more he felt he had narrowly avoided a similar fate , he says . "  I remembered calling and begging mortgage companies to help us out and wondering how we were going to put gas in the car , " he said . "  I knew how easy it was to fall into that . Potentially , we 're all just a few steps away from it . " Watch the TEDxAtlanta talk He began making regular visits to the camp with loads of firewood , propane and other supplies to be divvied up among the residents . But his donations did n't seem to do much to improve the long-term prospects of the men who lived there , Preston said . Frustrated that he was enabling their destitution , he asked how he could help . The answer was simple , one man said : They needed jobs . They had no addresses , no cell phones and no licenses . " ` No one will hire us , ' " Preston 's friend , Mitch , told him . It did n't take long for Preston to figure out how he could help in a way that would change his fortune as well . By this time , Preston had a "  safe " job as creative director of a New Age church designing graphics and doing photography , he said . But he was a craftsman at heart and felt a piece of himself was missing . If a story was ever written about Preston 's life at that point , "  no one would want to read it , " he said . With the help of his wife and her addiction to Pinterest , the online pinboard for sharing decor and design inspiration , he 'd returned to carpentry on the weekends , he told the audience . He began selling his work on Craigslist and demand grew steadily to the point where Preston wondered how he could transform his weekend hobby into a full-time job . Then , it hit him . On January 1 , he picked up Roger Anthony Curtis , who goes by "  TC , " from the camp and brought him to a workshop to see whether his carpentry chops were up to snuff after years of wandering around Florida and Georgia homeless . Preston was pleasantly surprised by what he saw and eventually hired two more men from the camp and another who was living in a trailer . Finally , Preston was seeing the change he 'd hoped for . Soon , Curtis had saved up enough money to move out of the woods and into a group home , where he does n't have to worry about the weather , leaky tents or where his next meal will come from , the 52-year-old carpenter said . "  I 'm grateful for being able to meet new people and associate with people instead of hiding from them , " said Curtis , who lived in the woods for eight months before moving out in the spring . "  It 's great being able to buy the things that I need , go places I wan na go to and I just enjoy working with my hands again . " Scott Miller , who was the de facto leader of the camp , had earned enough money to move into a group home after just one month working for Preston . "  Now , I 'm able to provide for myself , " Miller , 30 , said in an interview before TEDxAtlanta . "  I felt like I was the lowest person on the totem pole . It 's really brought my self-esteem way up in life since I 've come out of these woods . " Preston 's four employees are keeping busy at work and outside the shop as they rebuild their lives . None of them lives in the woods and one who was an absentee father is rekindling a relationship with his daughter . Preston is also seeing bottom line results with orders from clients including Chik-fil-A and smaller custom orders . While he 's proud of their work , he believes a lot of the interest comes from Lamon Luther 's story , as both the continuation of his grandfather 's legacy and the start of a new one for his employees -- homeless or not . "  We like to say , provide hope for the craftsman , not necessarily guys who are homeless . It 's more about giving work to out-of-work craftsman who were created to build , " he said . "  We give them hope , " he told the TEDx audience . "  If we put these folks back to work we could save entire communities . "	Lamon Luther employs carpenters and builders who lost their livelihoods Brian Preston hired men who live in the woods of suburban Georgia After a few months working , some had saved enough to move into homes Scott Miller says his self-esteem has risen "  since I 've come out of these woods "
CNN  -- No one has come out yet and explicitly suggested that old folks like me  I am about to turn 83  should be treated the way the Eskimos , as folklore has it , used to treat theirs : put on an ice floe and left to float away into the sunset . We are , however , coming dangerously close . A recent study by Dr. Alvin C. Kwok and his colleagues finds that surgery is common in the last year , month and week of life . Eighty-year-olds had a 35 % chance of going under the knife in the last year of their lives ; nearly one out of five Medicare recipients had surgery in their last month and one in 10 in their last week . Nobody doubts that some of these surgeries were necessary . But major medical and ethical figures argue that they reflect our reluctance to accept death or let go , the surgeons ' activist interventionist orientation and the way the incentives are aligned . As the surgeon Atul Gawande put it in The New Yorker : "  Our medical system is excellent at trying to stave off death with eight-thousand-dollar-a-month chemotherapy , three-thousand-dollar-a-day intensive care , five-thousand-dollar-an-hour surgery . But , ultimately , death comes , and no one is good at knowing when to stop . " It remained for Daniel Callahan , an influential bioethicist and co-founder of the prestigious Hastings Center , a nonpartisan bioethics research institute in New York , to take the next step . In a May article in The New Republic , Callahan  with co-author Sherwin B. Nuland  argues for a cease-fire in America 's "  war against death , " calling on us to surrender gracefully ; Americans thus "  may die earlier than -LSB- is now common -RSB- , but they will die better deaths . " Focusing on care for the elderly , Callahan and Nuland warn that our present attitudes "  doom most of us to an old age that will end badly : with our declining bodies falling apart as they always have but devilishly -- and expensively -- stretching out the suffering and decay . " They hence call on us to abandon the "  traditional open-ended model "  which assumes medical advances will continue unabated  in favor of more realistic priorities , namely reducing early death and improving the quality of life for everyone . They further advocate age-based prioritization , giving the highest to children and "  the lowest to those over 80 . " The journalist Beth Baker summed up this position : "  After people have lived a reasonably full life of , say , 70 to 80 years , they should be offered high quality long-term care , home care , rehabilitation and income support , but not extraordinary and expensive medical procedures . " Baker 's interview with Callahan reveals one reason this line of argument should be watched with great concern : Once we set an age after which we shall provide mainly palliative care , economic pressures may well push us to ratchet down the age . If 80 was a good number a few years ago , given the huge deficit and the pressure to cut Medicare expenditures , there seems no obvious reason not to lower the cut-off age to , say , 70 . And nations that have weaker economies , the logic would follow , should cut off interventionist care at an even younger age . Say , 50 for Guatemala ? Above all , age is the wrong criterion . The capacity to recover and return to a meaningful life is the proper criterion . Thus , if a person is young but has a terminal disease , say , advanced pancreatic cancer , and physicians determine that he has but a few months , maybe weeks , to live  a determination doctors often make  , he may be spared aggressive interventions and be provided with mainly palliative care . In contrast , an 80-year-old with , say , pneumonia -- who can return to his family and friends to be loved and give love , contribute to the community through his volunteering and enjoy his retirement he earned with decades of work -- should be given all the treatments needed to return him to his life  which in my case includes a full-time job and some work on the side  . We should learn to accept death more readily ; we should stop aggressive interventions when there is little hope ; we should provide dying people with palliative care to make their passing less painful and less traumatic . Such a case may not just be that of an elderly person succumbing to a terminal illness -- it can be that of a preemie born too early to survive , a youngster following a car wreck , a worker following a tragic accident . We should learn from the Eskimos -- they long ago stopped abandoning their elderly just because they got "  too " old . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Amitai Etzioni .	We 're coming close to saying old people should be cast off , says Amitai Etzioni Some are arguing for a cease-fire in America 's "  war against death , " he writes Etzioni : Capacity to recover and return to a meaningful life is the proper criterion for intervention We should accept death and stop aggressive interventions when there 's little hope , he says
Beijing  CNN  -- Liu Ming Xing is a student at Jin Wei Elementary School , where her favorite class is music . The 13-year-old loves the class . "  It makes me feel good , " she said . And she says about her school life at Jin Wei : "  This place is good , I like it . I want to stay here . " But she may have to leave . Liu 's family migrated to the Beijing from the countryside for work , and Jin Wei is a school for migrants . But the surrounding community , once filled with families like Liu 's , is under pressure as the government began dismantling the neighborhood to make way for new development . The school , funded by migrant parents , may soon close . "  The children of the rural migrants wo n't be able to continue to attend school in this area , " said human rights lawyer Zhang Zhiqiang , referring to the area where Liu 's family lives . In China , families are registered as rural or urban . When rural migrants move to the cities they live in a twilight zone : They ca n't access healthcare , social security or even public education as part of the nation 's "  hukou " system , which requires household registration . Migrant workers still must be registered in their rural town of origin , not the city to which they move -- which keeps public services out of reach for many who have flocked to cities for work . "  What makes this bad is that it violates the rights of migrants to live and work here , " Zhang said . "  Secondly , and more importantly , it violates children 's rights to get compulsory education because when parents are forced to move back to their hometown . Beijing has made urbanization a main goal for increasing domestic consumption and closing the wealth gap . Hundreds of millions have moved to the cities from the countryside in search of jobs . Last year , the urban population of the world 's most populous nation exceeded the rural population for the first time , according to the National Bureau of Statistics . But activists say that the government 's own policies are forcing these migrants out of cities and creating an underclass in China . About 250 million people -- equivalent to about 80 % of the population of the U.S. -- are migrant workers in China . It 's the children of migrant workers , like Liu , who are often hardest hit . "  They do n't have a lot of connections back home . Their kids do n't speak much of local dialect , " Zhang said . "  The government is forcing these people to move elsewhere without understanding their difficulties . " But registration of children is tied to their parents , so children of migrant workers eventually will have to return to their parents ' home village to register and continue their education . Beijing has pledged to reform the hukou system but is hampered because many social services are funded by local cities rather than the national government . "  The government is trying . They 're definitely making efforts , they realize that this is a big problem , " William Nee of the China Labour Bulletin said . "  The problem is the finances of the health care scheme and education are all done at the local level , so I think it 's very difficult for the government at the national level to say , ` Okay , let 's just reform the hukou system ' . " The political cost of reforming the hukou system is onerous . "  The mayors and party secretaries of many major cities are concerned that if hukou is freed up , there will be a huge fiscal burden in providing services for these migrants , " said Yukon Huang , senior associate of the Carnegie Endowment and former World Bank director of China . "  If you ask the residents , the established residents of the major cities , they would say I do n't want more people coming , this may mean fewer job opportunities for us , " Huang added . "  They also associate inflows of migrant workers in terms of crime , pollution or congestion . So this is going to be a political issue . And I think it is a political issue that requires very careful management , " he said . "  China has been very successful in avoiding some of what I call ` the urban sprawls ' in places like Calcutta or Manila or even Bangkok . In that sense , it 's going to be a new challenge for China . " If reform is on the horizon , it may come too late for Liu 's family , who is watching their neighborhood being torn down as her father recovers from heart disease . "  I just hope that my father can get well as soon as possible and that we will be okay , " said Liu , breaking down in tears . CNN 's Kristie Lu Stout and CY Xu contributed to this report .	Rural workers migrating to Chinese cities for work have little access to social services There are 250 million Chinese migrant workers -- equal to about 80 % of the U.S. population China 's urban dwellers eclipsed its rural population for the first time last year Activists say China 's home registration system needs to be reformed for migrant workers
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Unified School District board on Tuesday fired Miramonte Elementary School teacher Martin Bernard Springer just hours after he was formally charged with three felony counts of lewd acts upon a girl under age 14 , a school spokesman said . Springer , 49 , of Alhambra , California , has 30 days to appeal his firing , school spokesman Tom Waldman said . Springer pleaded not guilty late Tuesday afternoon in a Los Angeles County court to three felony counts of lewd acts on a child over three months in 2009 . The judge set his bail at $ 300,000 on the condition that Springer stay more than 250 feet away from witnesses and alleged victims , stay more than 100 feet away from any school or facility with children and be with an adult supervisor when he 's around children . Springer 's preliminary hearing is scheduled for February 16 . Springer was the second teacher at Miramonte charged with lewd conduct with pupils . Last week , former Miramonte teacher Mark Berndt , 61 , was arrested and accused of taking bondage photos of more than two dozen students in his classroom , including some with suspected semen-filled spoons at their mouths . The school board fired Berndt a year ago ; Berndt appealed but he dropped the appeal and resigned last spring , Waldman said . On Tuesday , the school board also fired a third teacher , music teacher Vance Miller at Hamilton High School , in the wake of unrelated allegations of sexual misconduct with students , Waldman said . Miller could not immediately be reached for comment Tuesday . The school board unanimously approved the two latest firings during a closed session and announced its decisions publicly afterward , Waldman said . The three counts against Springer involve one girl who was identified only as "  Jane Doe " and "  under the age of 14 years . " The complaint alleged the crimes occurred in April , May and June of 2009 , the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said . If convicted , Springer would face a maximum state prison term of 12 years , prosecutors said . Springer was arrested Friday and accused of fondling two girls in the classroom , but Tuesday 's charges involve only one alleged victim . Berndt , who taught for 30 years , is being held in lieu of $ 23 million bail : $ 1 million for each of the 23 counts he faces of lewd acts on a child . When asked about the difference between Springer 's $ 300,000 bail and Berndt 's $ 23 million bail , spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons of the Los Angeles County District Attorney 's Office said the charges against Berndt are more serious , involving bondage , for example . Meanwhile , students at Miramonte Elementary School will return to class later this week to a new staff , because administrators do not want any more "  surprises " at the Los Angeles school that is at the center of two child abuse cases . The school will be closed Tuesday and Wednesday to "  take a break , " said the Los Angeles Unified School system . The district is the nation 's second largest . When classes resume Thursday , a new staff and social workers will be at hand to receive students , said District Superintendent John Deasy . "  I ca n't have any more surprises at Miramonte , " Deasy told an auditorium packed with parents Monday night . "  And if there are more , then we 'll have to deal with that . " Everyone from current custodians to teachers at Miramonte will be relocated indefinitely , school officials said . Staffers are expected to get special training , Deasy said . The Miramonte staff members are being relocated neither permanently nor temporarily to a new school , school officials said . It will be up to the district to decide in the future where they will be assigned , they said . Technically , they are still considered Miramonte employees . Staffers and students will be questioned as part of the ongoing criminal investigation . Parents will also be given the option of transferring their children to one of four elementary schools in the area . "  The actions we are taking are not a condemnation of the entire staff , " Deasy said . The moves were n't enough to appease outraged parents , who are demanding additional safeguards for the students . "  We 're saying enough is enough , " community leader Morris Grifton said at a demonstration Monday . "  We want cameras in the classrooms , in the hallways and around the school . " Monday night , about 100 parents fumed outside the South Region High School No. 2 auditorium , unable to get into a meeting with the superintendent because it was over capacity . "  The school authorities should have planned this meeting correctly to allow everyone in , " said one parent , Gustavo Morales . "  If there 's not enough room in the auditorium , then they should have at least had it in the football field . " Parent Bessy Garcia , the mother of two children who were among Berndt 's alleged victims , spoke of betrayal . "  He was n't only a teacher . He was our personal friend , " she said . "  He tricked us . We thought he was the best person in the world . " She described how she and her two children were having trouble sleeping , eating and functioning as they wrestled with last week 's disclosures . "  It 's been like hell , " said another parent , Claudia Rivera . "  We 're just trying to get some answers . " The investigation into Berndt began in October 2010 , when a drugstore photo technician told police he found images of blindfolded children in a processing order . After an initial investigation , investigators notified school authorities , who removed Berndt from his classroom in January 2011 . The developments come as the school district is dealing with another case of alleged lewd behavior , involving a janitor at another school . On Sunday , the mother of a student at Germain Elementary School reported "  inappropriate contact " between the custodian and her child , a Los Angeles Police Department statement said . The man , Paul Adame , was arrested and charged with a felony , police said . He has been released on $ 100,000 bail . At Miramonte , officials hope the steps they are taking will help assure parents they 're serious about "  a thorough , vigorous and fair investigation of all allegations " "  The safety , welfare and education of students is our No. 1 priority , " the teachers union , United Teachers Los Angeles , said in a statement Monday night . "  We know that the public understands that the vast majority of teachers are doing remarkable work every day to motivate and educate the children of Los Angeles . " The replacements at Miramonte will come from a pool of applicants , including former employees , said district spokesman Waldman . "  We have had a lot of layoffs and budget cuts here and will also look at recent retirees , " he said . CNN 's Jaqueline Hurtado , Greg Botelho , Antoinette Campbell , Greg Morrison , Tom Larson , Stella Chan , Alan Duke , Carma Hassan and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	NEW : Miramonte Elementary School teacher Martin Bernard Springer pleads not guilty The Los Angeles school board fires him In unrelated case , the board fires a high school teacher after sexual misconduct claims In all , 3 L.A. teachers face sexual misconduct accusations since last week
"  I 'm gon na tag you in this hideous photo and then unfriend you if you do n't stop oversharing and poking me . " If you said this to someone 10 years ago , they 'd look at you like you were speaking Klingon . Nowadays , you just sound like an active user of social media . This is how much Facebook has changed how we talk . In the decade since its birth in February 2004 , the social network has introduced numerous terms and phrases to the language of modern life . Most are common words that Facebook refitted with new meanings . Some have stuck , while others have been forgotten . A few have even been recognized by dictionaries as official pieces of the 21st century lexicon . Here are nine of the most memorable . Friend Until Facebook came along , nobody used the word "  friend " as a verb . Now it 's not uncommon to ask a new acquaintance to spell their name so you can friend them on Facebook . Everyone likes to feel popular . That 's why some Facebookers , especially in the site 's early days , hoarded friends like poker chips  never mind that most of these "  friends " were rarely seen co-workers , distant relatives or vaguely remembered classmates from junior high  . Nobody really has 583 "  friends . " Facebook 's "  friend " also was the precursor to Twitter 's "  follower , " which makes a user 's social contacts sound like members of a cult . Unfriend Facebook giveth , and Facebook taketh away . Are you tired of your uncle 's political rants ? Unfriend him ! By adding an "  unfriend " option , Facebook created new shorthand for aborting a friendship or an acquaintance . It 's a lot easier to say , "  I unfriended Bob " than "  I 'm not going to be friends with Bob anymore because he annoys me with his daily musings about his toenails . " Unfriending someone is considered a more drastic step than simply tweaking your Facebook settings to block or minimize their posts . The term was officially welcomed to the digital-age vernacular by the New Oxford English Dictionary , which named "  unfriend " its Word of the Year for 2009 . Status update Years ago , "  status " was a measure of someone 's social or professional standing . Then Facebook began asking users to post updates on their thoughts or activities , and "  updating your status " suddenly meant more than just moving to a better neighborhood . To prompt updates , Facebook first asked users , "  What are you doing right now ? " When that produced too many mundane reports -- "  Sally is eating toast ! " -- Facebook changed the update question in 2009 to the broader , "  What 's on your mind ? " Like Few things have sparked more debate on Facebook than the "  Like " button , which debuted in 2009 and soon spread to partner sites . Suddenly , with a quick click you could endorse your friends ' updates , jokes and cute-kid pictures . Cynics , lamenting what they saw as Facebook 's forced cheerfulness , unsuccessfully asked for a "  Dislike " button . Instagram , Pinterest and other social networks also adopted the Like model for favoring posts , although they used a heart symbol instead of a Like thumb .  You Like me right now ! You Like me ! All this made "  Like " a noun as well as a verb , as users began collecting Likes as a measure of engagement and popularity . As in , "  I ca n't believe my cute picture of Fluffy in her Easter bonnet got only three Likes . " 5 ways Facebook changed our lives , for better or worse Poke The weird Poke feature was sort of a thing in Facebook 's early days . Nobody knew what it was for , exactly -- even Mark Zuckerberg once said of the Poke , "  We thought it would be cool to have a feature without any specific purpose . " Some saw it as a flirty invitation to an online chat or real-world hookup . But the obvious sexual innuendo made it awkward to use in conversation . "  I poked Aunt Betty " just sounds all kind of wrong . Amazingly , the Poke function is still active on Facebook . But nobody uses it anymore unless they 're being ironic . Share  and overshare Sharing used to be something we did in school when there were n't enough textbooks to go around . Then came Facebook , and everyone -- not just the generous -- became sharers . Or over-sharers . Soon it was n't enough to just experience a memorable moment in our daily lives : We had to share it with everyone , RIGHT NOW ! Share buttons popped up all over the Web . Share this ! Tweet this ! Pin this ! Snap this ! Sooo much sharing . The word "  share " has always implied a selfless , charitable act . But the more we share our every move and thought on social media , the more self-centered we can tend to sound . Not me , of course . Other people . Wall For years , Facebook encouraged visitors to a friend 's profile to "  write on their Wall . " It sounded sort of illicit , like an invitation to scribble graffiti . The idea of a digital "  wall " seemed odd at a time when other social networks were promoting pages . Maybe that 's why it never really caught on . In 2011 , Facebook replaced the Wall with the current Timeline format , which displays updates chronologically . It 's complicated This ambiguous answer to Facebook 's "  What 's your relationship status ? " could apply to almost any romantic entanglement between "  single " and "  married " and is more interesting than either . It 's become a common response to the "  How 's your love life ? " question and even inspired a 2009 romantic comedy with Meryl Streep . Tag Tag , you 're it ! No , you 're it ! What was once just a child 's game is now a way to get people to notice your posts , or to embarrass them by flagging them in unflattering photos . Come to think of it , maybe Tag is the new Poke .	Facebook has contributed numerous terms to the language of modern life Many are common words that Facebook refitted with new meanings Among them : unfriend , tag , like , poke Facebook celebrates its 10th anniversary on Tuesday
CNN  -- Maria Sharapova stepped up her comeback after injury to claim the scalp of 11th seed Nadia Pedrova to reach the third round of the French Open in Paris on Wednesday . Sealed with a kiss . Sharapova celebrates her victory over Petrova . The former world number one had come into the second grand slam of the season with only two matches in a minor tournament in Poland under her belt , but surprised her fellow Russian with a 6-2 1-6 8-6 victory . Still playing with tape on her troublesome right shoulder , Sharapova showed no ill effects as she won five straight games to take the first set . Petrova hit back in style to force a decider and took the lead with an early break . But Sharapova hit back in the eighth game to level and held her own service under pressure in the next two games . Petrova finally wilted as she served at 6-7 , giving Sharapova match point with a double fault and then hitting wide on a forehand after two hours 12 minutes . Sharapova will now face qualifier Yaroslava Shvedova of Kazakhstan for a place in the last 16 . She had shoulder surgery in August last year and missed both the U.S. Open and Australian Open as fears for her future in the game grew . She made a brief comeback by playing doubles in Miami in March before a return to singles action at the Warsaw Open where she reached the quarterfinals before losing to Alona Bondarenko of Ukraine . Meanwhile , defending champion Ana Ivanovic showed a welcome return to form by sweeping into the last 32 with a 6-1 6-2 victory over Thailand 's Tamarine Tanasugarn . The 21-year-old Serbian has slipped down the world rankings since lifting the title at the Stade Roland Garros , but is making a strong defense on her favored clay . World number one Dinara Safina also impressed with a 6-1 6-1 win over fellow Russian Vitalia Diatchenko . She has dropped just two games in reaching the third round as she bids to back up her ranking with a first grand slam title .	Maria Sharapova beats 11th seed Nadia Petrova at French Open in Paris Former world number one Sharapova is returning after a shoulder injury Ana Ivanovic and Dinara Safina also go through in straight sets
CNN  -- Red Bull 's Max Verstappen will make Formula One history in 2015 , as the youngest driver in the history of the sport . The Toro Rosso team , owned by Red Bull , has confirmed the 16-year-old Dutchman will be one of its two drivers next season , replacing Jean-Eric Vergne . That means when Verstappen takes to the grid for the first race of 2015 in Australia at the tender age of 17 , he will break new ground in the elite division of motorsport . "  Ever since I was seven years old , Formula One has been my career goal , so this opportunity is truly a dream come true , " he told Toro Rosso 's official website . "  First of all , I would like to thank Dr Helmut Marko and Red Bull for all their trust and giving me the chance to make my Formula One debut in 2015 with Scuderia Toro Rosso . "  With the return of the Verstappen name to Formula One , I hope we can relive old memories and I 'm hoping to see many fans at all the grand prix circuits . " Verstappen will be almost two years younger than the previous record holder -- Jaime Alguersuari who was 19 years and 125 days when he drove at the 2009 Hungarian Grand Prix . He is currently in contention to win the FIA Formula 3 European Championship having become karting world champion last year . Verstappen 's father Jos has over 100 grand prix starts to his name between 1994 and 2002 and made his F1 debut alongside Michael Schumacher for Benetton . He famously escaped a dramatic pit lane fire that engulfed his car during the 1994 German Grand Prix at Hockenheim with only minor burns . "  We are happy to welcome Max into the Toro Rosso family , " said Toro Rosso team principal Franz Tost . "  It 's great to see how the Red Bull Junior Program continues to find talented young drivers and gives them the opportunity to come into Formula One . "  We consider Max to be as one of the most skilled young drivers of the new generation and we believe he has the necessary maturity and mental strength to take on this challenge successfully . " Verstappen will drive alongside Daniil Kvyat in 2015 but Vergne 's future is now in doubt . Daniel Ricciardo was chosen over the Frenchman to make the leap to the full Red Bull team this season . Tost added of Vergne : "  We hope ... that he will be able to end the second half of this season on a high note and thereby show that he still deserves another opportunity in Formula One . " Blog : The steel of F1 's bubbly new star	Red Bull 's Max Verstappen to become youngest driver in Formula One history The 16-year-old will drive for the Toro Rosso team in the 2015 season Dutchman will be 17 when he replaces Jean-Eric Vergne Verstappen 's father Jos made 106 grand prix starts between 1994 and 2002
DOHA , Qatar  CNN  -- One look outside the window gives a glimpse of the "  economics of energy " in Doha , Qatar . Cranes dot the tops of half-finished towers , a monumental work in progress ; the result of vast energy wealth being pumped out of the ground and poured into project after project . Doha , Qatar : A city skyline awash with cranes and towers powered by abundant oil and gas supplies . It 's here that our Principal Voices met for the first of this year 's roundtables . Outside Qatar , the economics of energy present a very different picture . Rising fuel costs are pricing power out of the means of some of the world 's poorest people . And the environmental cost of continuing to exploit the world 's fossil fuel supplies is now almost universally agreed to be so great that society can no longer afford to ignore it . Our Principal Voices come from diverse backgrounds : The Icelandic President Olafur Grimsson -- the first head of state to sit on a Principal Voices panel -- grew up on a small island in the North Atlantic Ocean and over the past forty years has witnessed the country abandon coal to become the world 's first clean economy . Dr Joseph Adelegan from Nigeria has seen poverty first hand in Africa where he worked closely with villagers to convert slaughterhouse waste to gas they use for cooking . And , Qatar-based businessman Hesham Ismail AbdulRahman Al Emadi is leading an ambitious project to create a global network of "  Energy Cities " to house the oil and gas industry . For an hour and a half they spoke about how to solve what Icelandic President Grimsson called , "  the most fundamental question of the 21st century " : energy and whether there will ever be enough alternative sources of power to satisfy global demand if , and only if , the world manages to shake its addiction to oil and other fossil fuels . They spoke not only about the need to find alternatives to traditional energy sources , but whether there 'll ever be a concerted effort in developed countries to conserve rather than consume precious resources . So what is holding us back ? "  We are creatures of habit , " Grimsson offered by way of explanation , adding that "  it usually takes a crisis to bring about change " . He warned that there is one potential disaster looming : the predicted melting of the glaciers in the Himalayas in 30 to 40 years which will cause catastrophic flooding in India and China . "  This is not just a discussion about the rich , about cities or about Europe or America or even China or India , the great economic powerhouses . This is also a question about the poorest of the poor . " In a response to an emailed question about whether the developed world should face sanctions for not meeting any targets set by the international community on climate change , Dr Joseph Adelegan called for aid to help poorer countries -- like the ones in Africa -- find alternatives to fossil fuels . The Middle East is facing different challenges . Hesham Al Emadi says energy subsidies in Gulf Cooperation Council countries and ignorance of the issues provide little incentive for residents to conserve energy or find greener alternatives : "  there is lots of ignorance . Awareness is a major issue . " And what of countries like the U.S. ? Would higher taxes on fuel be enough to move residents in the right direction ? Acknowledging he 's an optimist and "  a great friend of America , " Grimsson said , politically , all the elements are already in place for a big shift in attitudes in the U.S. "  McCain , Hillary and Obama are all on the positive issue , as I call it , " he said . He also said the world might be wise to look to the Middle East for guidance . "  I believe they are probably more aware than we are that the odds are that oil will run out sooner rather than later , " Grimsson said , adding "  A visionary leader of a country who wants to create a good living for his or her grandchildren or great grandchildren thinks about these issues . " We 'll put more content from the debate on the website as soon as possible , including video highlights . What 's your point of view ? Send us an email by filling out the form on the front page , or perhaps send us an iReport explaining your views . Join the debate .	First Principal Voices round table debate takes place in Doha , Qatar Olafur Grimsson states "  it usually takes a crisis to bring about change " Joseph Adelegan calls for aid to help poor countries find alternatives to fossil fuels
At 7:35 a.m. in Southern California , children who 've brushed their teeth , combed their hair and stuffed their wheeled backpacks rub their eyes awake and shuffle onto the street . They gather at the intersection of Agnes Road and 35th Street in Manhattan Beach for the school bus . But this school bus does n't carry the kids . The kids carry it . By its handles , the children hoist a yellow bus-shaped sign that reads , "  Walking School Bus . " The other students wave triangular orange flags to warn cars to slow down . They walk along the street and stop at another designated spot to pick up more kids at the "  bus stop . " Adult supervisors follow them for the half-mile walk to the elementary schools . All of them are exercising and they hardly know it . Walking to school is the practice of a bygone era and it 's also a small piece of an extensive project to bring simple , healthy changes to a grand scale . Three Southern California cities , Manhattan Beach , Redondo Beach and Hermosa Beach , are undergoing a three-year health makeover under a program designed by Dan Buettner , an author and explorer . His mission is to "  make the active option , the easy option . " Buettner 's program called Healthways Blue Zones Vitality City aims to make the healthy choice , the convenient choice by changing an entire community 's environment . He 's devising ways to change that environment by making it harder to find junk food , more convenient to get physical activity and easier to adopt healthy habits . The changes do n't ask for "  marathon and diets , " Buettner said . It 's small changes that add up , such as bike lanes , better pedestrian access , encouraging personal interactions and walking to school . Jennifer Agliozzo , a mom who coordinates the walking bus for Grandview Elementary School , said the walks have become more popular in just two weeks . When they walk to school , "  people come out and wave like we 're a parade , " she said . "  It 's nice to get cars off the street and the traffic , " she said . "  It 's also nice meeting other parents . " The simple act of walking to school "  engineers three to five miles a week , so you do n't have to worry about gym class and you get people moving , " said Buettner whose project finds the best practices in healthy communities to apply to U.S. cities . As Americans grow bigger and unhealthier , Buettner , an author of books about longevity and happiness , does n't chalk it up to people being dumber or lazier . The blame for the obesity crisis can not fall squarely on the shoulders of personal responsibility -- there 's a bigger factor , he posits . It 's the environment , he said Thursday at TEDMED , a conference discussing innovations in health . "  We are all part of a system . We need to address the system . " "  You ca n't rent a movie , fill up on gas without running through the gauntlet of junk food that can pound you all day long , " he said . "  When you go to a Little League game , you ca n't go without seeing parents bring the pop and cookies . You ca n't get away from empty calories . " There is a degree of personal responsibility , but "  discipline is a muscle that fatigues , " he said . The three neighboring California beach cities were chosen among 50 to undergo the health makeover under the project called Vitality City . A major criterion was that the local government and schools had to be on board . Bike paths are planned . The mayor of Manhattan Beach hosts public hours in form of walking meetings with his constituents . A local food chain , Good Stuff , offers calorie counts and nutritional facts including fat , carbohydrates and protein in its menu . The employees of the local Crowne Plaza Hotel organized a walking group with 70 members . At Body Glove , a water sports brand , managers got rid of the candy and chips in the office and replaced them with sliced fruit . The businesses that have signed on to the Vitality City 's effort receive free pedometers and free smoking cessation classes . Andrea Soto , an employee at a call center called AAMCOM in Redondo Beach , said health issues at work also should be addressed . At the call center , workers sit in cubicles , staring into the computer screen and answering calls from stranded people using Los Angeles County highway call boxes . On a busy morning , there is hardly any movement , only the hum of conversations and typing . When Soto came to work at the call center six years ago , she gained 50 pounds . "  When we get here , we gain weight . We were sitting down the whole eight hours . During breaks , we were sitting down . When we were n't sitting down at the call center , we were sitting down in the break room , " she said . The company decided to get involved with the Vitality City . Every week , the office gets free lunch -- but the only rule is that it has to be healthy . The workers usually prefer Subway sandwiches . The owner started filling a bowl in the break room with apples , pears and bananas . The employees also share an office bicycle for those who want to bike rather than drive to lunch . If small efforts like this means that workers "  eat fewer calories , have less stress in the workplace , then all of this helps the overall emotional and physical well-being of the business , " said the owner , Steve Diels . It 's more expensive to lose workers to sick days than to provide healthy snacks , he said . Since the efforts began , one employee has lost 20 pounds , and another has lost 12 . About 75 employers , including aerospace company Northrop Grumman , the public school systems and municipalities , have signed up for the beach cities ' efforts . The efforts that started in Southern California this year are based on the same principles of the pilot project helmed by Buettner in 2008 in Albert Lea , Minnesota , a city of 18,000 . In Albert Lea , they banned junk food snacking in schools , started walking school buses , organized community-walking groups and identified the most socially influential people to spread healthy habits . The three-year project ended with an average weight loss of about three pounds , extended life expectancy of three years and a 40 % drop in health care costs for the city . Buettner hopes to translate Albert Lea 's results to bigger cities . So they arrived to the three California cities . They found that the local governments and schools supported their efforts . Plus the funding came from Healthways , a well-being company and the Beach Cities Health District , a preventive health agency . A Gallup poll of the three cities of 1,300 people found that 60 % of the population was overweight or obese . Forty-six percent reported significant stress and their anger level was at 16 % , which was on par with Detroit , Michigan , according to the poll . "  What has changed is the environment , " said Buettner of the recent rise in obesity issues . "  The price of calories , we 've engineered physical education out of our lives . We 're good people but we need to think of health in a different way . " In the early 2000s , Buettner , on assignment for National Geographic , sought to find longevity hotspots . After spending five years , he wrote a book identifying five cities where people enjoyed longer and healthier lives . The five are Sardinia , Italy ; Okinawa , Japan ; Loma Linda , California ; Ikaria , Greece ; and Nicoya Peninsula , Costa Rica . He and his team distilled the reasons why these communities were successful . People there had social and community networks  the in-person type , not Facebook  , had daily purposes in their lives . And they did not seek out exercise , because their daily routines were "  landmined with opportunity " for physical activity , Buettner said . To incorporate those lessons , the cities ' program includes walking moais -- essentially a social group that walks together based on common interests and schedules . There are 150 of them exercising through the three beach cities . Irv Brand , 83 , and his wife , Joan Edelmann of Redondo Beach , are the leaders of one of these walking groups . Before joining the walking group , they never exercised . Now they walk 12 miles a week . "  Walking alone at a health club is boring , " said Brand . "  It 's more fun to walk with a group . If we do n't feel like walking , we go anyway because the group expects us to be there . "  It 's better than trying to do it on our own . "	Three beach cities in California are attempting to change their health outcomes Schools encourage kids to walk , businesses encourage workers to adopt healthy habits Founder believes environment is bigger factor in obesity than individual responsibility
Rolling Stone  -- "  The working title , as of right now , is ` Get Well Soon Everybody , ' " Jeff Tweedy , the singer-songwriter-leader of Wilco , says of his band 's eighth studio album , now in the mixing stage at the group 's Chicago studio , the Loft , and due for release in September . "  If I could say anything to the world at large , that would be it . " The record will be Wilco 's first on their own label , dBpm -- shorthand for decibels per minute -- and Tweedy 's third set of new songs with his longest-running lineup : bassist John Stirratt , guitarist Nels Cline , drummer Glenn Kotche , keyboard player Mikael Jorgenson and multi-instrumentalist Pat Sansome . The group has recorded more than 20 songs , Tweedy says , "  out of the things I had coming in , which was somewhere in the fifties and sixties . It 's a pretty great time for me writing-wise . " After Wilco finished touring last year , "  we took a little more time off the road than we normally do , " says Tweedy . "  Certainly , it 's been the longest break I 've had since my twenties , and that 's been a big help , wading out that far from the comfort of the old songs . You have to keep your mind sharp to play your old songs . It 's hard to allow yourself to freely think about what you want to do next , when you 're that close to doing another show . " The album includes a seven-minute track , "  Art of Almost , " which starts with shadowy electronics , gently turns into a haunted vocal section , then sprints into a Krautrock-style blowout . There are also two country-flavored songs , the spectral ballad "  Black Moon " and the jauntier "  Whole Love . " "  There are two strong threads of material , " Tweedy says , "  one being a little weirder -- snot-nosed obnoxious pop songs -- and the other more languid , atmospheric-country music . " "  Whole Love " grew out of "  a chord progression I found interesting , " he notes . But the arrangements are the product "  of six guys being pretty remarkable at communicating without talking and having a lot of trust in each other . " Tweedy points out that the name of Wilco 's label -- to be distributed by ANTI -- was originally a working title for the 2004 album , "  A Ghost Is Born . " "  It does n't make any sense , " he admits . "  But as a graphic , it looks cool . Copyright  2011 Rolling Stone .	Wilco is currently working on their eighth studio album Tweedy : "  The working title , as of right now , is ` Get Well Soon Everybody ' " The album includes a seven-minute track , which starts with shadowy electronics
CNN  -- A California lettuce grower has recalled 2,498 cartons of chopped or shredded romaine lettuce shipped to wholesale food service distributors in 19 states and Canada over concerns the produce may be contaminated with the same bacteria that caused 13 deaths in an outbreak traced to tainted cantaloupes . The U.S. Food and Drug Administration and True Leaf Farms initially reported the recall of 90 cartons of chopped and shredded romaine lettuce on Thursday , saying a random sample detected listeria monocytogenes in one bag pulled from a lot shopped on September 12 and September 13 . Later Thursday , True Leaf issued a statement saying the FDA asked the company to expand the recall . No illnesses have been reported , the FDA said . The affected lettuce was available for direct purchase at Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice warehouses in Oregon , Washington and Idaho , It also shipped to food service distributors in Alaska , Alabama , Arizona , California , Colorado , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Kentucky , Maryland , Minnesota , Missouri , Nevada , New York , Ohio , Oregon , Pennsylvania , Tennessee and Vermont . It also was sent to a distributor in Alberta and British Columbia . The recalled lettuce carries a use by date of "  9/29/11 " and the bag and box code B256-46438-8 . The FDA said anyone who has the lettuce should destroy it or contact the company to come pick it up . Listeria can cause fever , muscle aches and gastrointestinal problems . It usually causes only mild illness for healthy people , but it can be extremely dangerous for older adults , people with weakened immune systems , newborns and pregnant women , in whom listeriosis can cause miscarriages and stillbirths , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . The listeria bacteria recently was blamed in a multi-state outbreak associated with tainted cantaloupes . At last count , 13 people had died and 72 had been made ill in 18 states after consuming cantaloupes grown by a Colorado farm .	Chopped and shredded romaine lettuce is recalled over contamination concerns , the FDA says The recall involves the same bacteria that caused 13 deaths from tainted cantaloupes No illnesses have been reported from the lettuce , the FDA says
Los Angeles  CNN  -- After approximately a week of poring over 145 jury questionnaires , lawyers in the trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor are due in court Wednesday to discuss removing jurors whose answers they believe should disqualify them from hearing the case . But legal experts say prosecutors and defense attorneys in the Conrad Murray trial will be doing more than simply screening jurors based on their answers to the more than 100 questions filled out on September 8 and 9 . They 'll also be scrutinizing what prospective jurors may have said outside the courthouse and online about events surrounding the June 2009 death of pop star Michael Jackson . "  This is the world of social media , and it directly impacts criminal trials , " said Thomas Mesereau , the attorney who successfully defended Jackson during his 2005 molestation trial . "  I have no doubt that both sides will hire competent people to explore every aspect of social media to try and find out whatever they can about these jurors , and also to see if these potential jurors have communicated themselves with anyone else about this case . " The questionnaire asks whether potential jurors "  ever posted any blogs or posted comments on any internet sites " and goes on to specifically ask whether the individual "  accessed or posted " any comments about Murray , who is accused of administering a lethal dose of drugs to Jackson . "  I think it is safe to say that contemporary trial practice dictates that you make an effort to find out whatever information you can about jurors , " Los Angeles defense attorney Shepard Kopp said . "  If somebody has a Facebook page where the settings are public , and you can see what their interests are , you can very well learn valuable information there . " A simple Internet search can link attorneys to prospective jurors ' blogs , tweets and postings on social networking sites to see if they have commented on a specific case . It also may offer insight into jurors ' psyches . "  Any information you can get on a prospective juror is helpful , because you have such a short period of time in which to evaluate who the person is that is ultimately going to be making a very important decision in the case , " said Richard Gabriel , a jury consultant with Decision Analysis . Gabriel has been advising attorneys for 25 years on such high-profile murder cases as O.J. Simpson 's and Casey Anthony 's . He says screening jurors today is easier because of the amount of information people share on the Internet . "  If they have a Twitter account , it can give you a little bit more about how they interact with the rest of the world , not just in a courtroom setting , " he said . But Gabriel added that it is rare for a legal team to have time to do such vetting of prospective jurors , because jury selection is completed within hours in a vast majority of trials , not over several weeks as in the Anthony case  and most likely Murray 's as well  . "  The last thing you want to be doing in jury selection is research on your laptop computer in court , " Kopp , the attorney , said about finding time to vet jurors . "  That can send the message to the jurors that you are engaged in some other kind of work and you are not interested enough in the case you are trying . " And who knows what the reaction might be if jurors knew they were the ones being judged online -- to determine if they were fit to sit in judgment . Opening statements for the trial , which will be televised , are scheduled for September 27 . The trial is expected to last about a month . If convicted of the involuntary manslaughter charge , Murray could face up to four years in prison .	Attorneys are due in court Wednesday to discuss Conrad Murray case jury selection Lawyers will be screening based on what potential jurors have said online , experts say Simple Internet search can show blogs and postings on social networking sites
CNN  -- Fourth seed Andy Murray has crashed out of the prestigious Indian Wells tournament in California , beaten in straight sets by Spain 's Guillermo Garcia-Lopez in his opening match . The British number one lost to American Donald Young at the same stage last year -- and history repeated itself on Saturday when world number 92 Garcia-Lopez cruised to a 6-4 6-2 success . "  My return let me down and he hardly missed the ball either , " Murray told the official ATP Tour website . "  The level of tennis nowadays you get no easy first round matches and , if you play a poor match , that 's what happens . "  I do n't know exactly why because I was playing really , really good tennis the whole of the week and the buildup to it , " added Murray , who made 34 unforced errors and had his serve broken three times in a one hour , 40 minute defeat . A delighted Garcia-Lopez said : "  It 's one of the biggest wins in my career and it gives me a lot of confidence , as my ranking right now is not too good . "  This victory gives me some confidence that I can do much better this season , " he continued . There were no such problems for world number one and defending champion Novak Djokovic , who beat Kazakh qualifier Andrey Golubev 6-3 6-2 , the same player he defeated in his opening match in last year 's tournament . The Serb told reporters : "  There were a lot of unforced errors but it was the opening match and I am still trying to adjust to this court and get used to the conditions . " There were also wins for seventh seed Tomas Berdych and eighth seed Mardy Fish , but amongst those to also go out were Richard Gasquet , Kei Nishikori and Florian Mayer -- seeded 16th , 17th and 18th respectively . All the top names in the women 's draw moved through into the next round , with holder Caroline Wozniacki particularly impressive in trouncing Ekaterina Makarova on Russia 6-2 6-0 . The fourth-seeded Dane was joined in the next round by second seed Maria Sharapova and sixth seed Samantha Stosur , who also enjoyed straight sets wins . The biggest surprise in the women 's section saw 11th seed Sabine Lisicki go down 6-1 6-4 to Lourdes Dominguez of Spain .	Fourth seed Andy Murray beaten in his opening match in Indian Wells event Briton Murray suffers a 6-4 6-2 reverse to Guillermo Garcia-Lopez of Spain Defending champions Novak Djokovic and Caroline Wozniacki both go through
CHICAGO , Illinois  CNN  -- A clerk 's quick flip of a switch foiled a robbery Friday at an Office Depot store in downtown Chicago . Police said a man wearing a light blue button-down shirt and dark slacks entered the store carrying a gun concealed in a folded newspaper . He approached one of the store 's cash registers and demanded the contents of the safe , police said . The clerk refused but immediately turned on the public address system so that other customers could hear what was going on . Hearing his threat broadcast throughout the store , the man fled . He ended up robbing a nearby Fannie May candy store at gunpoint , police said , and fled that store in a white taxi . Authorities said the robber , a man between ages 30 and 40 , was still at large . No injuries were reported in either robbery .	Store clerk switches on PA system after being threatened by man with gun Armed robber flees after hearing his threat broadcast to customers in the store Robber struck at nearby Fannie May candy store , holding store up at gunpoint Authorities say the robber , a man between ages 30 and 40 , is still at large
CNN  -- Torrential flooding this week in the western Saudi Arabian city of Jeddah continues to disrupt life in the region as schools were set to close on Saturday , according to the nation 's state news . Rescue operations were ongoing and at least 10 people died related to the flooding , with three missing in Jeddah , said Director General of Civil Defense , General Saad bin Abdullah Al-Tuwaijri , according to state news Saudi Press Agency Friday . Ground teams rescued 1,451 people , helicopters rescued 498 residents , and more than 1,500 families were provided temporary shelter , according to Al-Tuwaijri . Jeddah province received 111 mm  4 inches  of rain in three hours on Wednesday , according to the King Abdulaziz University 's Meteorology Department . After taking a tour of flood-ravaged areas of Jeddah on Thursday , the Governor of Makkah Region , Prince Khalid Al-Faisal told reporters that damage was attributed to the lack of a drainage system for flooding and rain water . He said helicopters rescued 466 people by air on Wednesday night and ground teams evacuuted 951 residents from the worst hit neighborhoods of Jeddah -- Altawfeeq , Alsamer , Alnakheel , Alhamrah , Alkandarah and Ummal Khair . Video from Jeddah showed rushing water through the streets carrying cars and people downstream . Shops and offices were closed and boarded up to try and prevent the flooding from reaching inside buildings . Approximately 5,000 residents remained without power as of Thursday afternoon after power was restored to 65,000 customers , according to the Saudi Electricity Company , as reported by SPA . In November of 2009 , nearly 100 people died from flooding in western Saudi Arabia . The deaths occurred the port city of Jeddah , Rabigh , north of Jeddah , and in the Mecca region , Saudi authorities said . The flooding was during the Hajj pilgrimage , but no pilgrims were killed on their journey . CNN Weather reports did not forecast more rain for Jeddah for the weekend .	Thousands of people have been rescued Torrential rains began this week In November of 2009 , nearly 100 people died from flooding in western Saudi Arabia
CNN  -- Moammar Gadhafi had been on the run for months , as opposition fighters aided by NATO airstrikes pushed him and his supporters from the Libyan capital of Tripoli and other long-time strongholds . Finally , on Thursday , the long-time Libyan leader 's life ended around where it began -- in Sirte , the coastal city where he was born . Here is a timeline of some key moments leading up to Gadhafi 's death , according to Libya 's interim Prime Minister Mahmoud Jibril , other National Transitional Council officials and other sources : -- Having taken over the city of Bani Walid earlier in the week , fighters aligned with Libya 's National Transitional Council turn their attention on Sirte -- the last holdout of Gadhafi loyalists . -- French fighter jets and a Predator drone , firing a Hellfire missile , strike a convoy near Sirte on Thursday morning , a U.S. Defense official says . That official is unable to say if Gadhafi was in the targeted envoy . But a senior NATO official says that Gadhafi was part of that convoy and survived the attack . -- Around noon on Thursday , transitional council officials announce that their fighters have taken control of Sirte , despite pockets of resistance . There is no official word then about Gadhafi . -- During the day Thursday , Gadhafi is captured alive and in good health in Sirte , according to the interim prime minster . -- According to Ali Aujali , Libya 's ambassador to the United States , troops find Gadhafi during the day in a large drainage pipe in Sirte . Daily Telegraph reporter Ben Farmer in Sirte later tells CNN 's Anderson Cooper the pipe is about 3 feet wide and filled with trash and sand . -- Gadhafi is alive and in good health when he 's captured , according to the interim prime minster . -- He does not resist arrest . -- At the time , he is wearing an undershirt and trousers and carrying a gun . -- While being transferred to a vehicle -- destined for Misrata , Jibril says later -- Gadhafi is shot in the right arm . -- Grainy video broadcast on Arabic satellite networks shows a bloodied but still-alive Gadhafi being hauled onto a truck . -- Eventually , National Transitional Council forces put Gadhafi into the vehicle . As soon as it takes off , a firefight erupts involving council forces and those loyal to Gadhafi . -- Caught in the crossfire , Gadhafi is shot in the head . -- He dies a few moments before arriving at a hospital , a coroner says , according to Jibril . Another video shows a dead Gadhafi with what appears to be a head wound . -- At the hospital , DNA samples are taken -- including blood and saliva -- that confirm that the dead man is indeed Moammar Gadhafi . -- Council representatives get in touch with the International Criminal Court , which had charged Gadhafi with war crimes . After sending the coroner 's report and photos , the court gives Libyan authorities permission to bury Gadhafi . -- Soon after the news breaks on Thursday afternoon , crowds throughout Libya erupt in celebration of Gadhafi 's death .	NEW : Gadhafi is found in a large drainage pipe , a Libyan envoy says Libya 's interim prime minister says that Gadhafi did n't resist capture He was caught in a crossfire while on a vehicle , destined for Misrata DNA tests were used to confirm the dead man was indeed Gadhafi
Thomas Eric Duncan , the first Ebola patient diagnosed in the United States , is now in critical condition , a Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital spokeswoman said Saturday . The Liberian man had previously been listed as being in serious condition . Hospital spokeswoman Candace White offered no new details other than his condition . Earlier , the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said Duncan was in intensive care . About 10 people are at "  higher risk " of catching Ebola after coming into contact with Duncan but have shown no symptoms , health officials said Saturday . The group is among 50 people being monitored daily , but the other 40 are considered "  low risk , " said Dr. David Lakey , the commissioner of Texas department of state health services . The nine people who had definite contact with the Ebola patient -- including family members and health care professionals -- have been monitored and show no symptoms or fevers , Dr. Tom Frieden , director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , said Saturday . "  We have already gotten well over 100 inquiries of possible patients , " Frieden told reporters . "  We 've assessed every one of those ... and just this one patient has tested positive ... We expect that we will see more rumors or concerns or possibilities of cases , until there is a positive laboratory test , that is what they are . " Health officials did not provide details on the location of those being monitored or where they interacted with Duncan . Monitoring includes a visit from a public health expert and temperature checks twice a day . None of them has had symptoms of Ebola so far , according to Lakey . The latest figure is a drastic reduction of a number that started at 100 after initial talks with Duncan and hospital officials . Duncan landed in Dallas on September 20 , and started feeling sick days later . He made his initial visit to Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital on September 25 . He was released with antibiotics but went back three days later and was quickly isolated . A blood test Tuesday confirmed he had Ebola , the first case of the deadly virus diagnosed on American soil . Can you catch Ebola on a plane ? Relocated to undisclosed location "  We 've been very busy the last 24 hours trying to make sure that everyone who has had potential exposure is identified and they have been evaluated , " Lakey said . The high-risk list likely includes Duncan 's partner , Louise , her 13-year-old son and her two 20-something nephews . The four had been holed up in the apartment Duncan lived in before he was hospitalized . They were relocated to an undisclosed place Friday , and will be required to stay there until October 19 . The incubation period -- time between Ebola infection and the onset of symptoms -- ranges between two to 21 days . The Dallas hospital where Duncan is being treated has come under fire for its handling of his first visit there eight days ago . Louise , who does not want her last name used , said Duncan told hospital staff he had a fever and abdominal pain , and had recently arrived from Liberia -- key information that could have been a tipoff for Ebola . Health care workers around the nation "  have to learn from the experience , " Lakey said Saturday . "  The travel history is very important to take and it has to be communicated , " he said . The hospital defended its handling of the case . "  As a standard part of the nursing process , the patient 's travel history was documented and available to the full care team in the electronic health record , including within the physician 's workflow , " it said in a statement . Your Ebola questions answered Plans to get married The church Louise attends said Duncan came to the United States so the two could get married . Louise told the church 's senior pastor , George Mason , about their marriage plan , according to Mark Wingfield , a spokesman at the Wilshire Baptist Church in Dallas . How the Ebola virus spreads Other Ebola scares As nervous Dallas residents watch Duncan 's case unfold , more Ebola scares popped up in other parts of the nation . Howard University Hospital in Washington said Friday it had admitted a low-risk patient with symptoms that could be associated with Ebola , but health officials on Saturday said Ebola had been ruled out in that case . The unnamed patient had recently traveled to Nigeria . In Liberia , NBC News freelance cameraman Ashoka Mukpo was diagnosed with Ebola on Thursday , and is expected to leave Monrovia for the United States on Sunday aboard a private charter plane . In addition to Guinea and Sierra Leone , Liberia is one of three nations battling the deadly virus that has killed more than 3,000 people in West Africa . Complete coverage on Ebola	Ebola patient Thomas Eric Duncan in critical condition CDC chief says nine who had definite contact with Duncan showing no symptoms Health officials say the other 40 are considered "  low risk " Monitoring includes a visit from a health official , and temperatures checks twice a day
CLARENCE CENTER , New York  CNN  -- President Obama on Friday praised Beverly Eckert , the widow of a September 11 victim and a prominent post-9 / 11 activist , who was one of the passengers who died in a plane crash outside Buffalo , New York . Sean Rooney and wife Beverly Eckert in an undated photograph . "  Beverly lost her husband on 9/11 , " Obama said , "  and became a tireless advocate for the families whose lives were forever changed on that September day . " A resident of Stamford , Connecticut , Eckert was the widow of Buffalo native Sean Rooney , who died at the World Trade Center . Obama 's words underscored the shock and grief from friends , family and acquaintances over the news that Eckert was aboard the Continental Connection Flight 3407 . The turboprop plane crashed Thursday , killing all 49 aboard and one person on the ground . "  Tragic events such as these remind us of the fragility of life and the value of every single day . And one person who understood that well was Beverly Eckert , who was on that flight and who I met with just a few days ago , " Obama said in brief remarks . Obama met Eckert at a gathering of September 11 victims ' families on Friday . Valerie Lucznikowska , a member of September 11th Families for Peaceful Tomorrows , said she , Eckert and another woman traveled to Washington for the meeting . Lucznikowska said Eckert asked Obama whether the group would have ongoing meetings with his administration . Obama said there would be , even though they would n't necessarily be with him . After the 2001 terrorist attacks , Eckert co-founded Voices of September 11 , an advocate group for survivors and families . Eckert had a reputation as a strong campaigner of September 11 families , involved in protests leading to more land for a ground zero memorial , working on the September 11 Commission 's Family Steering Committee and pushing for a victims ' families compensation fund . She was traveling to Buffalo for a celebration of what would have been her husband 's 58th birthday . Eckert planned to take part in presenting a scholarship award at Canisius High School that was established in honor of her late husband , who was an alumnus , according to the school 's president , John Knight . Obama mentioned the scholarship plans in his remarks Friday . "  In keeping with that passionate commitment , she was on her way to Buffalo to mark what would have been her husband 's birthday and launch a scholarship in his memory . She was an inspiration to me and to so many others , and I pray that her family finds peace and comfort in the hard days ahead , " Obama said . Lucznikowska , whose nephew died in the World Trade Center attacks , said she was "  horribly saddened by this news . " "  I would very much like to honor her . She was truly a wonderful person . She was someone who was trying to make society better . " Eckert backed Peaceful Tomorrows ' effort to close the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , and end the military commissions there , Lucznikowska said . The group elaborated on this stance in a signed letter to Obama , and Eckert gave a presidential aide a separate letter listing her own concerns , Lucznikowska said . Knight said Canisius High postponed the scholarship presentation , set to occur at noon Friday , for two students entering the high school next fall . He said Eckert also had been active in a capital campaign fundraising effort . "  She struck me as a wonderful , beautiful person who clearly wanted to do something to remember her husband in a way that would have an everlasting impact on our community , " Knight said . Gordon Felt , president of the Families of Flight 93 Inc. , the plane that crashed near Shanksville , Pennsylvania , on September 11 , also expressed his grief . "  We note with deep sorrow the passing of Beverly Eckert in the Buffalo plane crash . She was a 9/11 family member who brought to light issues of importance to all of us -- and to all Americans . We extend our condolences to her family and to all those who loved her . She will be missed . " Jay Winuk , a September 11 organizational leader who lost his brother in the World Trade Center , said that although he did not know Eckert personally , "  it is clear that she was a terrific advocate for the 9/11 family community . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	President Obama says Beverly Eckert was "  tireless advocate " Eckert was the widow of a September 11 terrorist attack victim She was on way to Buffalo to mark what would have been husband 's 58th birthday Eckert had co-founded advocacy group for September 11 survivors , families
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Music producer Phil Spector was sentenced Friday to the maximum sentence of 19 years to life for the murder six years ago of actress Lana Clarkson . Phil Spector 's first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial as jurors said they could n't reach a verdict . That means Spector , 69 , would be 88 before he would be eligible for parole . Slumped , stone-faced and wearing a dark suit and bright red tie , he sat silently throughout his sentencing by Judge Larry Paul Fidler . Spector 's lawyer gave a $ 17,000 check to Donna Clarkson , the victim 's mother , to pay for her funeral expenses -- part of the court-ordered sentence . "  All of our plans together are destroyed , " the mother said , reading a statement on behalf of her family . "  Now , I can only visit her at the cemetery . " Fidler denied a motion for a new trial by defense attorney Doron Weinberg , who said he would file an appeal . "  The evidence did not prove beyond a reasonable doubt that he is guilty for the simple reason -LSB- that -RSB- he did not kill Lana Clarkson , " Weinberg said . Watch Spector receive his sentence " "  Obviously , he 's not very happy , " Spector 's wife , Rachelle , told reporters about her husband . "  I 'm going to stand by him and get him out of that awful place so he can come home where he belongs . " Clarkson , 40 , was found dead -- slumped in a chair in the foyer of Spector 's Alhambra , California , mansion with a gunshot wound through the roof of her mouth -- in February 2003 . View a timeline of the case " Spector 's trial , which began in October , ended last month when jurors deliberated for 30 hours and then announced a guilty verdict on the second-degree murder charge . Fidler had ruled jurors also could consider the lesser charge of involuntary manslaughter . Spector 's first murder trial in 2007 ended in a mistrial as jurors said they could n't reach a verdict after 15 days of deliberations . Jurors then were deadlocked 10-2 in favor of conviction . Fidler declined to allow Spector to remain free on bail pending sentencing , citing Spector 's years-long "  pattern of violence " involving firearms . "  This was not an isolated incident , " Fidler said , noting Spector 's two firearms-related convictions from the 1970s . "  The taking of an innocent human life , it does n't get any more serious than that . " In closing arguments at the retrial , prosecutor Truc Do called Spector "  a very dangerous man " who "  has a history of playing Russian roulette with women -- six women . Lana just happened to be the sixth . " Weinberg argued that the prosecution 's case hinged on circumstantial evidence . He said the possibility that Clarkson committed suicide could not be ruled out . Do pointed out to jurors , however , that Clarkson had bought new shoes on the day of her death -- something he said a suicidal woman would not have done . A female juror who declined to be identified told reporters the jurors considered all the evidence and testimony to reach their verdict . "  This entire jury took this so seriously , " she said with tears in her eyes , before adding that "  it 's tough to be in a jury , " because another person 's life is in the jury 's hands . Clarkson starred in the 1985 B-movie "  Barbarian Queen " and appeared in many other films , including "  Deathstalker , " "  Blind Date , " "  Scarface , " "  Fast Times at Ridgemont High " and the spoof "  Amazon Women on the Moon . " She was working as a VIP hostess at Hollywood 's House of Blues at the time of her death . In the 2007 trial , Spector 's attorneys argued that Clarkson was depressed over a recent breakup and grabbed a .38 - caliber pistol to kill herself while at Spector 's home . But prosecution witnesses painted Spector as a gun-toting menace . Five women took the stand and testified that he had threatened them with firearms . His driver testified that he heard a loud noise and saw the producer leave the home , pistol in hand , saying , "  I think I killed somebody . " Spector 's professional trademark was the "  Wall of Sound , " the layering of instrumental tracks and percussion that underpinned a string of hits on his Philles label -- named for Spector and his business partner , Lester Sill -- in the early 1960s . The roaring arrangements were the heart of what he called "  little symphonies for the kids " -- among them No. 1 hits like the Ronettes ' "  Be My Baby " and the Righteous Brothers ' "  You 've Lost That Lovin ' Feelin ' . " Spector co-produced the Beatles ' final album , "  Let It Be , " and worked with ex-Beatles George Harrison and John Lennon on solo projects after the group broke up . His recording of Harrison 's 1971 benefit concert for war relief in Bangladesh won the 1972 Grammy award for album of the year . That was one of two Grammy Awards won by Spector , who was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame in 1989 . He stayed out of the public eye for two decades before his 2003 arrest in Clarkson 's death .	NEW : Music producer sentenced for 2003 slaying of Lana Clarkson Actress was found shot dead in foyer of Spector 's California mansion Defense argued it was a suicide ; first trial ended in a mistrial Grammy-winning Spector , 69 , was inducted in 1989 to Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
CNN  -- Portuguese voters handily re-elected President Anibal Cavaco Silva to another five-year term on Sunday , as the incumbent beat six other contenders to avoid a runoff election . Silva got 53 % of the vote -- getting support from an all-important majority , making another election unnecessary -- according to state-run media outlets RTP and LUSA . He far outpaced his nearest competitor , Manuel Alegre , who was chosen on just under 20 % of ballots . Roughly 53 % of Portugal 's registered voters weighed in Sunday , despite inclement weather in parts of the southwestern European nation . Silva has been president since March 9 , 2006 , when he won his first five-year term by besting four other contenders -- one of them being Mario Soares , who had served two terms as prime minister and one as president . He will continue to team with Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates , who was first elected in 2005 and backed by voters for another term four years later . Together , they , government ministers and lawmakers face the daunting task of steering Portugal through a severe , prolonged economic crisis . Like Greece and Ireland , there have been mounting concerns that Portugal will need a bailout from fellow European Union members and the International Monetary Fund because , due to its poor credit , it might not be able to pay for government operations through the usual borrowing measures .	Voters re-elect President Anibal Cavaco Silva to another five-year term He gets 53 % of the vote , enough support to avoid a runoff election Silva will continue to team with Portuguese Prime Minister Jose Socrates Portugal is facing an economic crisis that has prompted fears it will need a bailout
Myanmar , which is also known as Burma , has been under military rule since 1962 . Critics say the November 7 elections -- its first in two decades -- aim to create a facade of democracy . The constitution requires more than 100 military nominees in parliament , which critics say is aimed at tightening the regime 's grip on the Southeast Asian nation . Democracy activist Aung San Suu Kyi has said she will not vote in the elections . Her party won a landslide election victory in 1990 , but the military junta rejected the results . The regime recently passed a law that made Suu Kyi ineligible to run because of a court conviction . The Nobel laureate has called the law unjust . Her supporters have said the conviction was a way to remove her from the election campaign . Suu Kyi has spent most of the past 20 years under house arrest . The new law forced her party , the National League for Democracy , to choose between honoring her as its leader and risking the party being declared illegal -- or ejecting Suu Kyi from the party and contesting the election . It decided to skip the race . Read CNN reporter 's firsthand account of Myanmar after Cyclone Nargis	Myanmar has been under military rule since 1962 Junta-ruled country to hold first elections in 20 years Democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi not allowed to run Her party won a landslide victory in 1990 , but junta rejected results
CNN  -- Four months after Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick signed a new law banning "  upskirting , " police have made their first arrest . Joshua Gonsalves , 23 , was the first person in the state to be charged under the new law , according to Joe Pesaturo , spokesman for the Massachusetts Bay Transit Authority  MBTA  . MBTA police were called to the Forest Hills MBTA station in Jamaica Plain , a neighborhood of Boston , on Tuesday afternoon for a report of a man taking photos up a woman 's dress , according to MBTA police . When police arrived they questioned the 26-year-old victim who told officers that while she was standing in the upper busway she felt "  something " brush against her knees . When she looked down she saw a man 's hand "  between her legs , holding an Apple iPad with the camera on facing up her skirt , " according to police . The victim provided a detailed description of the suspect , including turning the table on the man by taking photos of him as he walked away , according to a statement from the Suffolk County district attorney 's office . Police found Gonsalves on a bus shortly after and questioned him . He admitted to the deed , according to police , and stated to officers he had previously heard on the news it was not illegal to "  take pictures up a girl 's skirt . " Five months ago , Gonsalves would have been right . Criminalizing "  upskirting " stemmed from a case against Michael Robertson , 32 , who was arrested in 2010 for allegedly taking photos up an undercover officer 's dress , according to court documents . The charges against him were eventually dropped because Massachusetts ' highest court ruled that Robertson did not violate state law when he took photos up the skirt of a woman because she was not nude or partially nude , as stipulated by an old state law against secretive photography . Intense media scrutiny followed and state lawmakers quickly called for a revision to the statute . They passed a bill making "  upskirting " illegal and the governor signed it into law on March 7 . So what is "  upskirting " ? It is the "  secret photographing , videotaping , or electronic surveillance of another person 's sexual or other intimate parts , whether under or around a person 's clothing or when a reasonable person would believe that the person 's intimate parts would not be visible to the public , " Patrick 's office said in a prepared statement in March . Gonsalves pleaded not guilty on Wednesday to violating the "  upskirting " law and ordered held on $ 150 bail . He was also ordered to stay away from MBTA property , including buses and trains . If convicted , Gonsalves could face a sentence of 2 1/2 to 5 years and up to a $ 5,000 fine . After Wednesday 's court proceeding , Gonsalves ' attorney , Charles Pappas , spoke briefly to CNN affiliate WCVB . "  I believe in the police report it was quoted that he  Gonsalves  had either heard on the news or read online that this was not illegal , but ... I have n't really gotten into detail with him about that , " Pappas said . CNN 's Dave Stewart , Haimy Assefa and Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	"  Upskirting " involves secretly recording or photographing another 's intimate areas in public Massachusetts ' law stems from a 2010 arrest of a man taking photos up a woman 's dress The woman was an undercover police officer But those charges were dropped because of wording in the law at the time
CNN  -- Retail sales may have fallen in Europe over the last year but the continent 's top luxury brands are keeping the cash registers ringing . Burberry , Louis Vuitton and Prada have all reported double digit sales growth in recent months , in stark contrast to the retail industry as a whole . Read about Burberry 's strong sales growth Figures from Eurostat show that retail sales fell by 2.5 % in the 17-nation eurozone between November 2010 and 2011 , and by 1.3 % across the 27-member European Union during the same period . One casualty of the sales slump was UK based supermarket giant , Tesco -- the world 's third largest retailer -- which was forced to offer a profit warning in the wake of a disappointing UK Christmas trading period . It saw a 2.3 % fall of like for like sales on the previous year . Read about Tesco 's nightmare before Christmas Richard Perks , director of Retail Research at industry analysis company MINTEL , said Europe 's luxury brands have remained relatively unaffected by reduced retail spending because the global consumer base for luxury goods is growing . Perks told CNN an increasing numbers of wealthy consumers in regions such as Asia are driving demand for Europe 's most renowned luxury brand name products . Read about Prada 's booming Asian profits High end retailers are tapping this growing market -- which has softened the blow of reduced consumer spending and weaker sales growth in Europe , he said . CNN 's Eoghan Macguire contributed to this story .	Luxury brand name goods are bucking the trend of falling retail sales Retail sales fell by 2.5 % in the eurozone during 2011 Burberry , Louis Vuitton and Prada have all reported double digit sales growth in recent months
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese regulators discounted concerns about damage to the still-potent spent fuel from the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant 's No. 4 reactor Thursday , saying high radiation levels reported earlier this week "  most probably " came from outside debris . A high reading above the pool prompted the plant 's owner , the Tokyo Electric Power Company , to take a sample from the spent fuel pool on Tuesday . But the radiation levels are far lower than they would be if there were damage to the fuel rods , said Hidehiko Nishiyama , the chief spokesman for Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Commission . "  We need more analysis to identify the precise status of the spent fuel in unit 4 , " he said . Tokyo Electric said Thursday night that the sample was the first time they have taken a reading off one of the spent fuel pools . The water temperature in the No. 4 pool was 90 degrees Celsius , more than twice a normal reading , and more coolant water was poured into the reservoir on Wednesday . The company said it suspects the fuel rods were damaged due to insufficient coolant at some point since the crisis began , but could not clarify the timing . Nishiyama told reporters Thursday evening that the fuel rods have not suffered "  any particular damage . " Officials are still looking at the readings from that water sample before reaching a final conclusion , but said the radiation reading was "  most probably due to debris " blown into the badly damaged housing around the No. 4 reactor . The Tokyo Electric Power Company reported a cumulative radiation reading above the pool at 84 millisieverts on Tuesday , about a third of the annual allowable dose for plant workers during the emergency . Water samples from the pool showed a concentration of radioactive iodine-131 , the most commonly measured reactor byproduct , at 220,000 bequerels per liter -- more than 730 times the amount considered safe for drinking water in Japan . Outside observers have expressed concerns about the status of the spent fuel in reactors 1 , 3 and 4 several times during the month-long crisis at Fukushima Daiichi , about 240 km  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Temperature sensors in those pools have been out since mid-March , and workers have been spraying water into the damaged housings of those reactors on a near-daily basis to keep them topped off . The battle began March 11 , when the tsunami that followed Japan 's magnitude 9 earthquake knocked out the plant 's cooling systems . Tokyo Electric estimated the height of that wall of water at 14 to 15 m  45 to 48 feet  -- a level Nishiyama said would be the new standard for barriers around Japanese nuclear power plants . The sea wall around Fukushima Daiichi was 5 m . In the aftermath of the tsunami , the cores of three of Fukushima Daiichi 's six reactors were damaged by overheating and resulting hydrogen explosions blew apart the buildings surrounding reactors 1 and 3 . The vast amount of radiation released from the plant , largely in the first two weeks of the disaster , prompted Japanese authorities to rate the crisis at the top of the international scale that measures nuclear accidents . The Level 7 designation puts Fukushima Daiichi on par with the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the former Soviet Union , though Japanese authorities say their plant has spewed only 10 percent of the radioactivity that was emitted from Chernobyl . Plant workers have been pouring hundreds of tons of water a day into the three reactors that were damaged in the aftermath , and at least one of the reactors , in unit 2 , is believed to be leaking highly radioactive water . Radioactive contamination spread across a wide swath of land around the plant and into the adjacent Pacific Ocean , though data released by government ministries has shown a decline in radiation levels in recent weeks . Engineers have taken steps this week toward containing the disaster , pumping radioactive water from service trenches and tunnels into a storage reservoir for No. 2 reactor 's steam condensers . And they are laying the piping needed to transfer an estimated 10,000 tons into a facility designed for treating low-level radioactive waste Tokyo Electric said Thursday . The company dumped more than 9,000 tons of less-radioactive water into the Pacific last week to make room for the more-dangerous fluid believed to be leaking from reactor No. 2 -- a move Japanese authorities described as an emergency measure , but one that enraged the country 's fishermen . The government issued expanded evacuation orders Monday for several towns outside the 30-kilometer radius that was declared a danger zone in the early days of the disaster , warning that prolonged exposure to radiation levels there could pose a long-term danger to human health . And Japanese government data this week reported finding low levels of radioactive strontium , another reactor byproduct , in two of those towns in the days after the disaster . Strontium-90 is considered a health hazard not only because of its 29-year radioactive half-life but because a portion of it gets absorbed by bone if ingested , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . There is no acceptable standard for strontium under Japanese regulations , but Japan 's science ministry said the reported figures were not high enough to pose an immediate danger to human health . The Japanese government has tried to limit the damage done to farmers in Fukushima and other prefectures where contamination from the plant has been found , lifting bans on farm products from surrounding areas if they pass three tests in three successive weeks . Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano , the government 's point man on the crisis , announced Thursday that kakina , a leafy green , from Tochigi Prefecture was now safe for shipment . The move follows a ban on outdoor-grown shiitake mushrooms from 16 towns and villages neighboring damaged plant to the country 's banned food list Wednesday . Asuka Murao , Gen Shimada and Susan Olson contributed to this report for CNN .	NEW : Radiation levels at unit 4 "  most probably " came from debris , a Japanese official said NEW : The March tsunami will set a new standard for Japaneses nuclear plants Samples show high radiation levels in unit 4 's spent fuel pool Another vegetable ban lifted
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase was placed on three years of probation Friday in a corruption case that had been under investigation for more than six years . Romania 's Supreme Court found Nastase guilty of committing blackmail while he was prime minister , from 2000 to 2004 . He also had been accused of bribery , but the court found him innocent on that charge . Nastase had denied all the charges in the case and said the trial was a political one , ordered by Romania 's current president , Traian Basescu , who defeated Nastase when the two ran for president in 2004 . Nastase 's lawyer , Ion Cazacu , said he might appeal the decision . Nastase 's wife also was placed on three years of probation for using false documents . She was found innocent on other charges , including bribery . The trial of Nastase and his wife started in 2010 after Romania 's Anti-corruption Agency accused them of bribery and blackmail . Another main figure in the case was Irina Jianu , former head of a state construction agency , who was found innocent on charges of money laundry and bribery . However , the court found her guilty of using false documents , and she was sentenced to three years in prison . During the trial , the Anti-corruption Agency stated that Nastase received directly or through his wife    630,000  $ 840,000  from Jianu while he was a prime minister . In return , the agency said , Nastase named Jianu as head of the construction agency . According to the prosecutors , the money was used by Nastase to buy objects and goods from China and to cover the cost of some work done at two of his houses , in Bucharest and Cornu . The Supreme Court found Nastase and his wife innocent regarding these accusations . The anti-corruption agency also said Nastase sent almost    90,000  $ 120,000  to Ioan Paun , who was then a Romanian consul-general in China . The agency said the money was meant to be used in China for the purchase of various goods and objects for the Nastase family . This was the second conviction for Nastase this year . In January , he was sentenced to two years of prison in what was known as the Quality Trophy corruption case . He has appealed that decision . In that case , the Romanian Supreme Court found Nastase guilty of illegally raising    1.6 million  $ 2.1 million  during his 2004 campaign for president as the candidate of the Social Democrat Party . Nastase was also involved in another case , known as the Aunt Tamara case , in which he was accused of paying a $ 400,000 bribe to the former head of the country 's anti-money-laundering agency to delete some documents related to his wife 's bank account . Nastase was found innocent in that case . Nastase was the first former prime minister and the highest official to get a jail sentence in Romania since the fall of communism . The European Union has repeatedly called on Romania to put more effort into tackling corruption by top-level officials and politicians .	Former Romanian Prime Minister Adrian Nastase is found guilty of blackmail Both he and his wife , who was convicted on a separate charge , are put on probation Nastase has said the trial was ordered by his political rival , President Traian Basescu Nastase was convicted in January on separate corruption charges
CNN  -- The number of women competing in the Paralympic Games has doubled in the last two decades , according to figures released by the International Paralympic Committee . While at the 1992 Barcelona Games only 700 female athletes were involved in events , London will see a record-breaking 1,513 female paralympians take the stage across 18 sports . Tine Teilman , Chairperson of the IPC Women in Sport Committee which helps to raise the profile and involvement of women in Paralympic Sport , said : "  It is very encouraging that the number of female participants in the Paralympic Games has doubled during the last 20 years . "  I am sure we will see many sportswomen through inspiring and exiting performances become strong role models for others . " CNN has put together a list of eight inspirational women competing in the London 2012 Paralympics . Tatyana McFadden @TatyanaMcFadden Country : United States Event : Athletics McFadden , 23 , an eight-time world champion and Paralympics multi-medal winner , She was born with spina bifida , which left her paralyzed from the waist down . She spent the first six years of her life in a St Petersburg orphanage -- where she walked her hands because she did n't have a wheelchair -- before being adopted a visiting American . At 15 , she qualified for the Athens games in wheelchair racing as the youngest member of the track and field team . It was her first international competition and she shocked everyone by winning a silver and a bronze . Four years later in Beijing , she picked up three silvers and a bronze . McFadden races in category T54 events , which are among those for athletes who race or throw from a seated position . Paralympic athletics classifications group competitors into classes that allow them to compete against those with similar impairments . This time she 'll be competing in five T54 racing events : 100m , 400m , 800m , 1,500 m and the women 's marathon . Finally after three Paralympics Games attempts , McFadden won her first gold on day five in London in the 400m T54 race . Sarah Storey @MrsSarahStorey Country : Great Britain Event : Cycling The 33-year-old Briton , who was born without fingers on her left hand after her arm was caught in her umbilical cord in the womb , has already picked up two gold medals in track cycling at these games . Storey began her distinguished Olympic career as a swimmer , picking up two golds , three silvers and a bronze in Barcelona in 1992 . She swam at the Paralympics in Atlanta , Sydney and Athens adding 10 more medals to her tally . She switched to cycling in time for the Beijing games , following a serious ear infection in Athens . She could bag two more medals before the games are over in road cycling , but her success has already been immortalized on a postage stamp issued by the UK 's Royal Mail . Jessica Long @JessicaLong Country : United States Event : Swimming At just 20 years old , Long is already a veteran paralympian . Long , who was born without any fibulas , ankles or heels and had both legs amputated below the knee at 18 months , began training in her grandparents ' pool at the age of 10 . She began her professional career aged 12 at the Athens games in 2004 . The youngest member of the team , she wowed the crowds by taking home three gold medals . Four years later in Beijing , the gold rush continued : She won four golds , a silver and a bronze . Long is continuing her extraordinary run this games , winning gold in all three events she has so far competed in , with six more to go . Esther Vergeer @EstherVergeer Country : Netherlands Event : Wheelchair Tennis There is little doubt about who the hot seed is in women 's wheelchair tennis . World number one , Esther Vergeer , 31 , has dominated the sport for the last three games . Not to mention her remarkable streak of 465 unbeaten singles matches , which spans almost a decade . Vergeer developed paraplegia when she was eight years old , following spinal surgery . During rehabilitation , she learned to play wheelchair tennis . In 2000 , two years after she made her international debut , Vergeer won a place on the Dutch paralympic team for the Sydney games and went on to win two gold medals . She repeated her impressive accomplishment at Athens in 2004 and in Beijing in 2008 , she won gold in the singles event and silver in the doubles . Last year she told Athlete magazine : "  If you do n't try , it will never happen . " A motto she appears to have taken to heart . Alexandra Rickham @ARickham Country : Great Britain Event : Sailing Rickham was left paralysed after a diving accident in Jamaica . Ten years later , while studying in London , she tried her hand at sailing and fell in love with the sport . In 2007 , she joined forces with fellow GB sailor Niki Birrell and the duo have gone on to win four world titles in a row in the two-person keelboat discipline . They placed a disappointing 5th at the Beijing games and this time round they are determined to bag a medal in the waters off Weymouth . April Holmes @aprilholmes Country : United States Event : Athletics A Beijing gold medal-winner , Holmes has already picked up a bronze in London . Holmes ' left leg was amputated below the knee following a train accident , and she mainly competes in T44 sprint events , for athletes who have an impairment that affects their arms or legs . Now 39 , Holmes won a bronze medal in the long jump in Athens and winning her Beijing gold in the T44 100 meters race . She will be hoping for a gold in the T44 200 meters , after all , she once said : "  Someone has to be great . Why not me ? " Sarai Gascon @saraigascon Country : Spain Event : Swimming The Spanish 19-year-old is a hot contender to take the place of celebrated South African paralympic swimmer , Natalie du Toit -- who will retire following London 2012 . Gascon was born without a left hand or forearm , but took delight in getting in the water from the age of three . By nine , she had started competing internationally and took silver at the Beijing Paralympics when she was 15 years old . Last year at the European Championships , she won seven medals , but du Toit was not competing at the event and has already taken a gold from Gascon at these games -- in the Women 's 100m Butterfly S9 class , for swimmers with physical impairments . A recent tweet from Gascon shows the elation a paralympian feels after winning a medal . She writes : "  So happy ! Silver medal with European record ! :D Very happy for my "  xico ? " @josemari88 for 4th place medal !! " Gascon will have plenty more opportunities to take gold -- she 's competing in six more races . Jessica Gallagher @JessGallagher86 Country : Australia Event : Long Jump , Javelin Throw An impressive sporting all-rounder , Jess Gallagher set herself some even more impressive goals for London 2012 . She is the first and only Australian woman to win a medal After winning Australia 's first Paralympic Winter Games gold medal in 2010 in Vancouver , where she won the vision-impaired slalom , she is aiming to be the first Australian to win medals in both the Paralympic Summer and Winter Games . Gallagher , who was told at 17 that she was losing her sight , has so far come 6th in the javelin and so will setting her sights firmly on success in the long jump . WE WANT TO HEAR FROM YOU : What woman inspires you , and why ? She could be another athlete , or a writer , an activist , or even your mom . Leave your suggestions , stories and memories in the comments section below and we 'll feature the best on CNN.com .	A record 1,513 female athletes are competing in the 2012 Paralympic Games The number of female Paralympians have doubled in the last 20 years CNN takes a look at a few of the inspiring women aiming for gold We want to know the woman who inspires you . Tell us in the comments
CNN  -- Mexican migration to the United States may have stalled , as a new study shows , but the political and social debates over immigrants living in the United States are n't going anywhere , experts say . The immigration debate is reflected in a number of policies and proposals , most recognizably state immigration laws that are being challenged . Oral arguments are scheduled at the Supreme Court on Wednesday as the justices decide whether Arizona can enforce its controversial immigration law . A bill in Mississippi that would require police to check the immigration status of all those arrested died in the state Senate this month . Amid the backdrop of contentious debates comes a study this week from the Pew Hispanic Center , which finds that for the first time in decades , the flow of Mexican migrants to and from the United States balances out . The effect may be even more pronounced . According to the report , "  the trend lines ... suggest that return flow to Mexico probably exceeded the inflow from Mexico during the past year or two . " "  The largest wave of immigration in history from a single country to the United States has come to a standstill , " the report announces . The report 's findings were n't a surprise to several Mexican immigrants in Los Angeles , who said they 've seen the political and economic situation shift dramatically in recent years . "  It is n't like it was before . The laws have changed . The work is very hard . Life is very expensive , " said Norma Ibarra . "  It 's not the United States it was 30 years ago . " Alba Roche said her nieces in Mexico want to come to the United States , but ca n't . "  They have n't been able to come because of the situation , because there is not enough work , and more than anything because crossing is quite dangerous , so there are many obstacles , " she said . Those who study immigration trends and policy agree that the apparent standstill in immigration is significant , but to varying degrees they say it will do little to change attitudes and actions in the United States . Jeffrey Passel , senior demographer at the Pew Hispanic Center and one of the report 's authors , said that as Mexican families have fewer children , the number of potential immigrants is shrinking . Also , the Mexican economy is improving and providing jobs that before were n't available and provided a push to look for opportunities in the United States . "  It 's likely impossible that we 'll get back to the level of immigration that we saw 10 years ago . It 's possible that the flows may pick up , but I do n't think they will get anywhere near where they were in 2000 , " Passel said . "  People have been talking about the return flow for a couple of years , but it just was n't showing up in the data , and now we 're beginning to see it , " he added . But the forces that pull immigrants to the United States and push them from Mexico have not disappeared . "  It 's a little premature to say that part of history is over , " said Tamar Jacoby , president and CEO of ImmigrationWorks USA , a federation of small-business owners in favor of immigration reform . There are a number of factors that may have affected the recent trend : better enforcement in the United States , demographic changes in Mexico and the economic downturn in the United States . "  We have three different reasons , and we do n't know how important each one of these reasons is , " she said . As those factors shift -- for example , as the U.S. economy improves -- the demand for immigrant workers in the United States will rise , she said . An improving situation in Mexico could result in fewer Mexicans migrating to the United States , but people from Central American countries could fill that void . Even if not as large as before , a future demand for immigrants in the United States will mean a continuation of the debates of today . The news produced in the Pew Hispanic report may relieve some people 's anxieties , but for many illegal immigration critics , the real problem is n't the immigrants arriving today but the cumulative effects of immigrants who have arrived illegally over the past 30 years , Jacoby said . Mark Krikorian , executive director of the Center for Immigration Studies , said there is no question that immigration from Mexico has slowed , but it does n't mean nobody is coming . "  The claim that this is a permanent development is premature , " said Krikorian , whose center favors a restrictive approach to immigration policy . "  When our economy picks up , what happens then ? " he asked . Krikorian said he sees the pause in Mexican migration as an opportunity to build up enforcement against future illegal immigration . "  The conclusion I draw from this is that we have breathing space to put enforcement measures in place that we will need when these pressures mount again , " he said . CNN 's Jacqueline Hurtado contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's not the United States it was 30 years ago , " one immigrant says A new study says net flows from Mexico into the United States have stopped Better conditions in Mexico mean less desire to emigrate to the United States But future demand means the controversial debates will continue
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Thousands of people hit the streets of Bangkok Saturday , extending the weeks-long anti-government protests , police said . Police estimated that as many as 10,000 members of the group United Front for Democracy Against Dictatorship were in the heart of Bangkok , blocking intersections near luxury shopping malls and a holy shrine . The opposition group , also known as the "  red shirts , " is demanding that the prime minister dissolve the parliament soon . The protests Saturday come after Thai Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva met with the leaders of the opposition group . Those meetings Sunday and Monday ended in a stalemate . Cheerful , dancing red shirt protests Protesters are continuing demonstrations that began on March 14 . A member of the group told CNN the group will continue to protest until their conditions are met . The protesters are supporters of former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , who was ousted in a bloodless military coup in 2006 . Thaksin was the only Thai prime minister to serve a full term and remains hugely popular . He fled the country in 2008 while facing trial on corruption charges that he say were politically motivated . The protesters say Abhisit Vejjajiva was not democratically elected and have demanded that he call elections . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Thousands of supporters of ousted Thai premier Shinawatra take to streets Group knowns as "  red shirts " demanding that the PM dissolve the parliament soon Demonstrations began on March 14 and protesters say they will continue until demands are met
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama announced Thursday that he has picked William Daley , a Clinton administration commerce secretary , to serve as his new chief of staff . The move , part of a major White House reshuffling , was warmly received by some traditional opponents of the president . It set off alarm bells among some more liberal groups that the president is shifting to the political center in anticipation of the 2012 campaign . Daley is the son of legendary Chicago Mayor Richard J. Daley and brother of the city 's current mayor , Richard M. Daley . He runs Midwest operations for the investment bank JP Morgan Chase , and his appointment is expected to help patch up Obama 's frosty relations with the business community after nasty battles over health care reform , taxes and government regulations . "  Few Americans can boast the breadth of experience that Bill brings to this job , " Obama said at the White House . He "  possesses a deep understanding of how jobs are created " and has a "  smidgen of awareness of how government works . " The president said Daley would bring "  strong values " and "  forward-looking vision " to the administration . The appointment drew praise from one of the top Republicans on Capitol Hill . "  I frankly think it 's kind of a hopeful sign , " said Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky . "  This is a guy who 's actually been out in the private sector , been a part of business . ... My first reaction is , it sounds like a good idea . " The pick also received a positive response from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , which lobbied heavily against expanding health care coverage and tightening regulations on Wall Street and spent millions on behalf of Republican candidates in the 2010 midterm elections . "  Bill Daley is a man of stature and extraordinary experience in government , business , trade negotiations , and global affairs , " Thomas Donahue , the group 's CEO , said in a statement hailing the appointment . "  He 's an accomplished manager and strong leader . We look forward to working with him to accelerate our recovery , grow the economy , create jobs , and tackle America 's global challenges . " The reaction from the president 's base with organized labor , however , was noticeably cooler . "  The president is of course entitled to choose a chief of staff in whom he has complete confidence , " AFL-CIO President Richard Trumka said in a statement . "  Yet President Obama and his administration will ultimately be judged by results -- whether the economy recovers robustly and begins to generate good jobs on the scale needed to improve the lives of working people . " Trumka warned that Obama "  needs a chief of staff who will reach out to diverse constituencies and make sure that the voices of ordinary Americans are heard in the White House . " Daley will replace Rahm Emanuel , a former Illinois congressman who has returned to Chicago to run for mayor . Obama 's interim chief of staff , Pete Rouse , will stay on as a counselor to the president for two years . "  I would not be where I am today without  Pete Rouse 's  extraordinary counsel , " Obama said . "  I can not imagine life here without him . " The appointment of Daley is the latest in a series of high-level personnel moves by the White House that have been announced in recent days . Former Federal Reserve Chairman Paul Volcker is stepping down as chairman of Obama 's outside economic advisory panel , Democratic sources familiar with the move said Thursday . Volcker had been a strong advocate for much tougher regulations for Wall Street in the wake of the financial crisis , although his position as chairman of the president 's Economic Recovery Advisory Board gave him little clout to actually enact policy . And senior officials say Obama is expected to name another Clinton administration veteran , Gene Sperling , as chairman of the National Economic Council . Sperling is currently a top adviser to Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner and won high marks inside the administration for negotiating last month 's tax deal with congressional Republicans . He would replace fellow Clinton alumnus Lawrence Summers . In addition , senior adviser David Axelrod is planning to leave the White House in early 2011 to help run Obama 's re-election campaign , while White House spokesman Robert Gibbs announced Wednesday that he would soon leave the administration in what Gibbs himself called a "  major retooling " of a White House now dealing with a closely divided Congress . When then-President Bill Clinton lost control of both chambers of Congress to Republicans in 1994 , he tacked to the center and was able to score major legislative victories and easily win re-election in 1996 . Many Democrats are rejoicing at Daley 's selection now . "  Perfect for the job , " said Steve Elmendorf , a lobbyist who served as chief of staff to then-House Democratic Leader Richard Gephardt in the Clinton and Bush years . "  He has an impressive combination of stature and substance and political smarts . " But some liberals beyond organized labor are suspicious of Daley 's close ties to the business community and are concerned that his appointment signals a sharp shift to the center . "  This was a real mistake by the White House , " said Adam Green , co-founder of the Progressive Change Campaign Committee . "  Bill Daley consistently urges the Democratic Party to pursue a corporate agenda that alienates both Independent and Democratic voters . If President Obama listens to that kind of political advice from Bill Daley , Democrats will suffer a disastrous 2012 . " Daley currently sits on the board of the Washington think tank Third Way , a position he took in July . In a statement announcing the move , Daley said voters were n't returning to conservative ideology , but that "  the left 's agenda has not won the support of a majority of Americans . " It was a theme he also articulated in a 2009 piece in The Washington Post , arguing that Democrats needed to steer "  a more moderate course on the key issues of the day . " Not surprisingly , the appointment drew praise from Daley 's brother , who told reporters he was "  very honored " that his sibling would be joining the White House . "  I believe he brings a passion , a commitment of service , both in the public and private sector , " Richard Daley said . "  He brings a commitment of service to both the president personally and to the United States of America . " Asked whether the appointment would mean more federal money for Chicago , the mayor said , "  I 'm praying . " CNN 's Ed Henry , Dan Lothian and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : Conservatives praise the pick of Daley while liberals question it Obama announces William Daley as his new White House chief of staff The appointment is the latest move in a White House shakeup Daley served as commerce secretary in the Clinton administration
CNN  -- At first glance , my 11-year-old son seems like your everyday , all-American kid . He loves baseball and basketball , plays Xbox with his friends when they come over , and posts innocuous pictures of the family dog on his Instagram feed . Given these mundane facts about the boy , you can imagine my surprise when , while watching the news  again , seemingly from out of nowhere  he asked me , "  If pot is so bad , why are they trying to legalize it ? " And , just like that , the long and involved talk my wife and I had given our children about drugs was tossed out the window . We had explained the harmful effects of marijuana . Like cigarettes , smoking marijuana introduces tar , carbon monoxide and cancer-causing agents into your body . Americans agree : Marijuana should n't be criminalized Neither my wife nor I anticipated that our son would be stopped on the street by unscrupulous potheads petitioning outside of the local grocery store and being fed a line of rhetoric that went against what we were trying to teach him . It turns out that potheads were n't exactly the problem ; they were the symptom . Let me tell you why . If you have a fever and you go to the doctor and he tells you that you have pneumonia , do you ask him to treat the fever , or do you ask him to treat the pneumonia ? Most of us would ask him to treat the pneumonia because the pneumonia is the problem ; the fever is the symptom . It 's the same way with the argument about the legalization of marijuana . I 'm not interested in focusing on the symptom ; I want to eradicate the problem . And the problem is that we 're even considering legalizing marijuana at all . Let 's take a look at the medical marijuana issue in Los Angeles  where I live  and we can see where legalization takes us . It has been my experience that anyone can get a medical marijuana card in L.A. ; all you need is $ 25 - $ 100 and the ability to lie about needing it . You just make an appointment with some company , walk in and state your problem  s  and why you need a card  with no proof of medical conditions whatsoever  and you will be prescribed a card that is good for one year . It 's a toothless system that is n't well-regulated . Why are some of the people who petition for legalizing marijuana so passionate about it ? Because when you smoke pot , you get loaded . You fry your brain . That 's why the patients I see in my treatment center call it "  getting baked . " Pot is all about getting really high . Now , I have nothing against people who smoke pot . In fact , I believe it is a crime to put someone in prison for smoking pot . Honestly , do we really need some idiot frat boy to get picked up during Mardi Gras for smoking pot and find himself locked in a cage with a monster for six months ? Kevin Sabet , a former senior adviser to the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy poses a terrific point when he says that criminal processing for possession of marijuana needs improvement , but legalization is a step too far . Marijuana supporters like to argue that marijuana is similar to alcohol . While alcohol is legal , it also accounts for tens of thousands of deaths every year in car accidents or other drinking-related misfortunes . But we ca n't turn the clock back on that one because it 's too embedded in our society . Opinion : Why I changed my mind on weed Supporters of marijuana say that marijuana should be legalized because old people and women and children who have ailments like glaucoma or cancer or intractable seizures need it . It is painful to watch people suffer . I am not against helping people . In a perfect world , a woman suffering from cancer should be able to get a prescription from her doctor , go to a pharmacy , acquire her medical marijuana , go home and recuperate from her last round of chemotherapy . But we do n't live in a perfect world , and you do n't need a Ph.D. to see that the spirit of that argument is being exploited by people who are n't using the marijuana for medical reasons at all ; they are using it to get high . Introducing legalized marijuana into our culture would be like using gasoline to put out a fire , because it stunts growth . Do you know why we do n't see potheads out in public ? It 's because they 're sitting at home smoking weed and staring at their television sets or playing video games all day . Do you have any idea how many marijuana addicts I encounter at my rehab on a daily basis ? They talk about wanting to be productive . But what pot does is it kills their motivation -- it destroys people 's ability to go out and work and to have a career . It makes them want to do nothing but lie around all day . Is that what you want for your children ? Is that what you want for your loved ones ? And how do you market marijuana ? We have only just now moved into an era where cigarette smoking is commonly known to be harmful , but now advertisers have a new product to sell . Who do you think they 're going to market their product to ? Not you or me , because we 're not stupid enough to believe the lie ; we know too much . They 're going to follow in the footsteps of the cigarette companies in the 1980s and market this stuff to young people . The very idea of that sickens me . I know what marijuana does to the human mind because I started smoking weed when I was 15 years old . It literally robbed me of my motivation to participate in my own life . I was absolutely OK with sitting around all day eating cookies and watching television and getting high with my friends . But , to go out and earn a living and do something with my life ? That was all stuff that I was going to do later after I came down off of the marijuana . But , then I 'd smoke some more and think , "  Why bother ? " ... and , eventually , I started shooting heroin . If my family had not intervened and sought professional help , I would probably still be wandering aimlessly through the streets today ; searching for that elusive "  perfect high . " Melissa Etheridge : Pot got me through Even if you only stay with marijuana in your repertoire of illicit drugs to abuse , it will never yield positive results . Ever . And , I posit this to marijuana abusers everywhere : Are you really that weak ? Are you really that uncomfortable in your own skin that you ca n't handle living your life or having real experiences without being high ? Is it really impossible for you to live life without a drug ? Because , if it is , it breaks my heart and I feel sorry for you . Because that 's no way to live . And my kid , he 's going to know the truth about you . He 's going to know that every time you approach him arguing for the legalization of marijuana , what you 're really doing is asking him to vote to make it OK for you to spend the rest of your life half-baked on your sofa , too stoned to go out and play with your own kids or do the things you 've always dreamed of doing . To my kid , I 'm going to say that this means one less competitor on his road to a successful and fulfilling life . And , to the potheads who are so passionate about being allowed to smoke their lives away , I have only one thing to say : Dream On . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Howard C. Samuels .	Howard Samuels : Supporters of pot say that it helps those who have health problems Samuels : But the argument is exploited by people who are n't using it for medical reasons He says some passionate defenders of pot legalization just want to smoke and get high Samuels : To marijuana abusers everywhere : Are you really that weak that you need pot ?
The family of the first victim to die in the 2001 anthrax attacks will get $ 2.5 million from the U.S. government under a settlement reached last week , according to court documents . Bob Stevens , 63 , worked as a photo editor for American Media Inc. and was the first of five victims of the attacks . He died October 5 , 2001 , after inhaling anthrax that investigators believe was in a letter sent to American Media , the publisher of the Sun and National Enquirer tabloids , at its offices in Boca Raton , Florida . The FBI eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientist at the Army 's biological research laboratory at Fort Detrick , Maryland . The suspect , microbiologist Bruce Ivins , had a history of mental illness and killed himself in 2008 before investigators brought charges against him , federal prosecutors said . Stevens ' family sued the government for $ 50 million in 2003 , arguing that the military laboratory in Maryland that was identified as the source of the bacterium should have had tighter security . A settlement notice dated November 23 was filed in U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Florida . A separate stipulation of settlement document filed with the court said the government admitted no blame in the case . It also said attorneys fees owed by the Stevens family would come out of the settlement money , at no more than 25 % of the total . On October 31 , the lawyer for Stevens ' family said a settlement had been reached but that final details had to be worked out with the Justice Department . "  I think the family was vindicated that the government has agreed to settle the case with them in spite of the fact that they put up a lot of roadblocks , " the lawyer , Richard Schuler , said in October . Stevens and his wife , Maureen , were married 27 years , and there is "  still a hole in her life as far as her husband is concerned , " Schuler said then . "  It 's a horrible , painful death , that they had to witness their loved one go through , " Schuler said . "  It 's something that they 'll never forget . " A February report by the National Academy of Sciences concluded that it could not reach a "  definitive conclusion " about the source of the anthrax , which federal agents said had been linked to a sample from Ivins ' laboratory . But the FBI and the Justice Department stand by their findings , saying that scientific testing gave agents "  valuable investigative leads " that led them to Ivins . A CNN Presents investigation in early October revealed that the federal government has spent $ 19 billion to fight biological attacks . Multiple new labs have since opened to research potential treatments , and the government now counts nearly 15,000 workers handling germs such as Ebola , plague , and anthrax -- about twice as many as before . The FBI now checks potential workers for felonies and ties to terror groups . But proposed reforms like psychological screening or requiring two people in labs have gone nowhere , with scientists who have reviewed the issue calling those proposals intrusive , expensive and impractical .	The settlement will pay the victim 's family $ 2.5 million The family of Bob Stevens had sued the government for $ 50 million Stevens , a tabloid photo editor , was the first person to die in the anthrax attacks in 2001 The FBI eventually blamed the attacks on a civilian scientist
CNN  -- A Florida woman allegedly shot her daughter to death Monday night because she thought the person knocking on her door was the boyfriend she had just fought , police said Tuesday . Witnesses told police they heard a gunshot and saw Adele Bing cradling Ruby Bing , 25 , in her arms crying "  Baby girl , do n't die . " "  How could I look my grandkids in their face and say I killed their mother ? " Bing , 52 , told the officers who arrested her . "  Y' all can lock me away for good . " Bing is jailed on a charge of second degree murder in the death of her only daughter , according to Winter Haven , Florida , police . The mother also faces a charge of child abuse without great bodily harm because her daughter was holding her 4-month-old baby -- the shooting suspect 's granddaughter -- in her arms when the shot was fired . The elder Bing , who was "  still upset " about a "  heated argument " with boyfriend James Lane earlier in the day , had "  a baseball bat in her left hand and a .22 - caliber pistol in her right hand " when she opened her door at 8:47 p.m. Monday , police said . She told police it was "  a f -- ked up accident " because she thought it was Lane , 39 , who was "  banging and kicking on her front door , " according to the police report obtained by CNN . "  As she opened the door , a shot was fired , hitting her daughter in the upper chest , " the police release said . "  The 4 month-old was not injured . Ruby Bing died at the scene . " She told police that she "  intended to use the firearm to kill her boyfriend , because he stated he was going to come back and kill her , " the police report said . Lane was still at a Winter Haven hospital being treated for a head injury suffered when Bing hit him with a gun , a police statement said . Police officers were at the emergency room interviewing Lane when the call came in about a shooting at the Bing residence . Bing is being held in the Polk County , Florida , jail . Colorado teen shot and killed in prank gone wrong CNN 's Kim Segal contributed to this report .	Witnesses : Adele Bing cradled her bleeding daughter and cried , "  Baby girl , do n't die " The woman says she mistook her daughter for the boyfriend she had fought Bing 's daughter was holding an infant when she was fatally shot in the chest Bing is charged with 2nd degree murder and child abuse
CNN  -- Costa Rican officials surveyed damage Wednesday after a major earthquake rattled the country 's northwest coast . The 7.6-magnitude quake was "  one of the strongest earthquakes " ever to hit the Central American nation , President Laura Chinchilla said . The president praised residents ' response , saying there were no reports of major physical damage from the quake . "  Costa Ricans knew how to react , " she said . The quake struck Costa Rica 's Nicoya Peninsula Wednesday morning , on the Pacific coast about 87 miles west of the capital , San Jose . It was centered more than 28 miles deep . Schools in the hardest hit areas will be closed Thursday and Friday while engineers inspect buildings for damage , Chinchilla said . Officials gave conflicting reports about whether anyone had been killed . Late Wednesday Chinchilla said there were "  no human losses , " but earlier emergency officials said at least one person had died from a heart attack suffered during the quake . "  It started out pretty mild , but then it really got going , " said Bill Root , owner of a hotel in Samara , also near the epicenter . "  It was a very strong earthquake . Everything was falling off the shelves and the ground was rolling . " Costa Rica 's National Emergency Commission reported debris on roads , electrical outages and some structural damage in homes , especially on the Nicoya Peninsula , about 14 kilometers  8 miles  from the epicenter . Red Cross ambulances evacuated patients from two damaged hospitals , said Enrique Guevara , a spokesman for the Red Cross in the Americas . Hours after the quake , authorities canceled all tsunami warnings and watches . CNN affiliate Teletica showed people streaming out of buildings when the earthquake hit . Telephone service was knocked out in cities near the epicenter , Teletica reported . The station showed photos submitted by viewers of a partially collapsed bridge over the Rio Sucio and a landslide on a highway . Other photos showed floors littered with merchandise inside stores and homes with minor damages . "  It 's unnerving when solid concrete beneath you is shaking from side to side . It was pretty scary , " said David Boddinger , editor of the English-language Tico Times in San Jose . Seismologists have been predicting a strong quake in that area for years now , and Costa Ricans were wondering if this was the big one , he said . CNN 's Catherine E. Shoichet , Antoinette Campbell and Christine Theodorou contributed to this report .	NEW : Costa Rica 's president says the quake is one of the strongest to hit the country NEW : Officials offer conflicting reports about whether there have been fatalities The quake was on Costa Rica 's Nicoya Peninsula , on the Pacific coast CNN affiliate Teletica shows people streaming out of buildings after the quake
CNN  -- Before middle-aged men started singing "  Viva Viagra " in TV ads , before former Sen. Bob Dole appeared in its commercials in the '90s , before the blue pill with a funny name entered the public lexicon , impotence was hush-hush . Viagra entered the market 10 years ago , bringing once taboo subjects like erectile dysfunction out in the open . Now there 's no getting away from it . In-boxes are clogged daily with spam mail promising cheap and instant manliness delivered fast and in bulk . Couples exchange amorous , come-hither looks followed by a lengthy recitation of side effects on TV ads . The pill helped more than 25 million men get their groove back and blasted the topic of erectile dysfunction into the open . "  It 's like the nuclear explosion , " said Dr. Irwin Goldstein , director of Sexual Medicine at Alvarado Hospital in San Diego , California . "  It created sexual medicine . It allowed the taboo to be broken . " Since the diamond-shaped blue pill debuted 10 years ago , it has become embedded in the public psyche , late-night television jokes and urologists ' offices . "  It is one of the revolutionary steps in sexual health , " said Dr. Ira Sharlip , spokesman for the American Urological Association . "  It ranks with the changes in cultural attitudes about sexuality that were started by -LSB- Sigmund -RSB- Freud , continued by -LSB- William -RSB- Masters and -LSB- Virginia -RSB- Johnson , the two researchers in the '60s , and the work that -LSB- Alfred -RSB- Kinsey did in the '40s . "  These were the huge steps in the development of our understanding of human sexuality and cultural attitudes of sex . " Men seldom talked about their bedroom troubles before the U.S. Food and Drug Administration approved Viagra as the first oral medication for erectile dysfunction in 1998 . "  We lamented the fact that the men had so much shame about erectile dysfunction , how rarely anyone came for medical attention , " said Dr. Abraham Morgentaler , an associate clinical professor of urology at Harvard Medical School . Penis injections and vacuum pumps were available , but these treatments were n't appealing . Men with medical conditions such as diabetes , prostate cancer , hyper cholesterol , endocrinological and cardiovascular problems were n't able to enjoy sex , Goldstein said . "  People who could n't enjoy intimacy before have been given a second life ... " he said . "  We have had a better life because of it . " Viagra increases blood flow to the penis , enabling a man to have an erection . The drug does not induce desire and works when the man is sexually aroused , according to Pfizer , the makers of Viagra . Urologists heard from patients who had tried the pill that Viagra made them feel as if they were 20-year-olds again . Anti-impotence drugs Levitra and Cialis have come along since . "  Along with the birth control pill in the '60s , this pill really changed people , society and medicine , " Goldstein said . "  It changed the patient-physician relationship . You can walk in and ask about sexual functions . It was a major taboo at some point . " Dr. Gerald Melchiode , a Texas psychiatrist , agreed that the pill has helped men open up about their sexual health , but finds the commercials a bit much . "  I 've never run across men singing about their impotency , " he said . Since Viagra 's appearance on the market , the dialogue about sexual dysfunctions has helped doctors identify other health problems in their patients , doctors say . "  You always hear someone drops dead , "  said Dr. Chris Steidle , a urologist who wrote the book "  Sex and the Heart . " "  It 's not sudden death if you could n't get an erection . It 's a symptom of a heart condition . You would n't ignore a stroke , but you would ignore erectile dysfunction -- it 's a significant symptom . " The man 's penis is like "  the tip of the iceberg " or "  the canary in the mines , " which serve as an indicator of overall health , Morgentaler said . "  There 's now good evidence that shows that men with ED who have no other symptoms of anything are at increased risk for heart attacks and strokes , " he said . Thousands of studies have been conducted on Viagra . "  The pill that thrills " is also being studied to see whether it gives athletes an edge in competition . It 's been studied to see whether it helps women with their sexual health . Despite the deluge of attention , Viagra does n't work for about 25 percent to 35 percent of men with erectile dysfunction . For others , it has revitalized and strained marriages . Experts say Viagra gave a window into the psyche of men and women . Some complain that sex should be spontaneous and that popping a pill ruins the romance . Eating food decreases the potency of Viagra , and some say the pill forces them to go on a schedule . Another complaint : Having to use Viagra makes a spouse or partner feel undesirable . "  Sometimes their spouse personalizes it , " said Melchiode . "  Why does he have to take this pill ? Are n't I attractive enough ? Are n't I sexy enough for him ? That 's not unusual for the partner . " Even when Viagra is effective , some men realize that it 's not the magic bullet that solves their problems with intimacy , doctors said . Only about half refill their prescription . "  One has to think beyond just giving a pill to cure sexual problems , " Melchiode said . "  A typical example is a couple where there 's been problems over the years and they ca n't deal with the problems on a verbal level , so they start withdrawing from one another . They build up a resentment and anger , they have trouble being close to one another and having sex with each other . Just giving them a pill is n't going to touch on all the problems of the resentment and anger . " Sex , it turns out , is part of a bigger web of relationship issues . Morgentaler , author of "  The Viagra Myth , " said : "  It 's unrealistic that there 's a pill that fixes all of these things . "	Viagra helped 25 million men with erectile dysfunction and bring awareness Blue pill considered a huge step in understanding human sexuality , cultural attitudes ED indicates other health issues and that blood vessels are n't working well Viagra is n't a cure-all , some sex problems are indicative of relationship problems
CNN  -- Lisa Rinna has a new book out -- and it 's not what you 'd expect . "  The Big Fun Sexy Sex Book " is a fun and innovative guide to rejuvenating your sex life and libido , co-written with renowned sex therapist Ian Kerner  who writes about sex on CNN 's medical news blog , The Chart  . The vivacious 48-year-old actress is married to "  L.A. Law " actor Harry Hamlin and mother of Delilah , 13 , and Amelia , 10 . She spoke , very honestly , to CNN about her own sexual problems and how she got her groove back . CNN : How did this book come about ? Lisa Rinna : I wrote a book back in 2008 called "  Rinnavation . " I spoke very candidly and openly about losing my sex drive and mojo and how I figured out a way to get it back . It seemed to really touch people . They came up to me and wanted my help . It started a conversation . So cut to , I met Ian Kerner , who is a sex therapist , and we got to talking . He said , "  Maybe we should write a book together -- he said , she said . " I thought it was a great idea because I feel like not enough people talk about sex , we feel shame about it . There 's so much taboo in this country around sex , yet it 's something that is really the glue that holds a marriage together . With 50 % of all marriages ending in divorce , I said , "  Gosh , it needs to get out . Let 's empower . " CNN : How did you get your mojo back ? Rinna : Firstly I set my mind to do it . I opened up to my husband . I was very afraid to do it . I was terrified , and I held it in for so long , until one day I burst into tears , and I told him . And he was so very supportive . He said , "  Well , what can we do ? We 'll do whatever we have to do . " The next day in the L.A. Times there was a piece about pole dancing classes given by an actress named Sheila Kelley . She created this class to help women get back in touch with their sexuality . She taught us how to move in ways that I had never allowed myself to move in . What those kinds of things do is they give you permission . That led me to a woman who threw sex toy parties . She brings out dildos and everyone 's giggling and she teaches you how to give great  fellatio and masturbation  -- everything I think a woman needs for confidence , because nobody really teaches you this stuff . Growing up you 're not really supposed to be doing it , because you 're a bad girl if you do . So this was all part of my own sexual awakening . Even though I lost my sex drive , I did n't have the sexual confidence to begin with , so it happened for a reason . So I could really delve into my own sexual exploration . CNN : What did you discover ? Rinna : I just know how important it is in keeping a marriage going . Without it , you 're roommates , you do n't value each other , and boom -- someone 's going to have an affair and get divorced . It 's not easy being married ; it 's hard after 20 years ! If you do n't have sex you just want to walk away half the time , so you really need to make the effort . CNN : Who would have thunk , you 're like Dr. Ruth ! Rinna : I certainly never set out to do any of this . I never thought I 'd write a book about sex . I 'm not an expert . But I have lived through something , and I have been in a marriage for 20 years that has lasted , so I think I have valuable things to say . Because of Ian 's expertise it 's an encyclopedia on how to get out of a sex rut , how to take risks in your sex life , how to start a conversation with your partner that you 've been terrified to bring up . It 's really about communication . I really believe anything two people do behind closed doors , as long as it 's consensual , is OK . But you 've got to talk about it and be open . I hope this book opens people up to try new things . I do n't understand why it 's not OK to do something that makes us feel so good and so connected to another human being . It 's a gift , a beautiful gift that our bodies were made to do , and not just for procreation but for enjoyment . CNN : You and Harry seem to have a Lucy/Ricky thing going on . Rinna : We do . It 's exactly our relationship , 150 % . But he lets me do my thing and supports me . He shakes his head and walks out of the room . We 're complete opposites but it just works . CNN : You have two daughters . They must have been horrified that you 've written this book . Rinna : Up until a few days ago they just knew I 'd written a book about relationships . They did n't really know I 'd written a book about sex . The other day the book was sitting on the table and my daughter Delilah comes in , looks down at it and says , "  Oh , that 's awkward , " and walks out of the room .  Laughs  . I 'm hoping when they 're adults they can have this book and have a healthy sex life as opposed to waiting until their mid-30s to try and figure it out . We do n't want to have to think about our kids having sex , but they will .	Lisa Rinna has written a book with sex therapist Ian Kerner "  The Big Fun Sexy Sex Book " is a guide to rejuvenating your sex life Rinna : "  I feel like not enough people talk about sex , we feel shame about it "
CNN  -- The woman who was denied a marriage license by a Louisiana justice of the peace because he refused to marry interracial couples said the official should lose his job . Beth McKay says a Louisiana justice of the peace denied her a marriage license since it was an interracial union . Beth McKay said she never could have expected what she heard from Tangipahoa Parish 's 8th Ward Justice of the Peace Keith Bardwell when she called his office a week ago to officiate her marriage to her African-American fiance , Terence . McKay spoke with Bardwell 's wife to make arrangements for the ceremony . "  At the end of the conversation , she said that she had to ask me a question . She asked if this was an interracial marriage . " When McKay replied yes , she was told , "  Well , we do n't do interracial weddings or marriages . " McKay said she was beyond shock . "  We are used to the closet racism , but we 're not going to tolerate that overt racism from an elected official . " Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal is calling to have Bardwell 's license revoked , and Louisiana Sen. Mary Landrieu is calling for his dismissal -- a notion shared by McKay . "  He 's not representing all the people that he is supposed to be representing , " McKay said . "  He 's only representing the people with his same opinions . " McKay later married Terence with the help of another justice of the peace in the same parish . Bardwell has not returned repeated calls from CNN , but he told a local newspaper in a story published Thursday that he was not a racist and he was concerned for the children who might be born of the relationship . Bardwell also said , in his experience , that most interracial marriages do n't last . "  We 're just kind of hurt , you know ? " McKay told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Friday . "  This does n't take care of the problem . He 's been in his position for 34 years . So , it does n't take care of the problems that we have to deal with on a daily basis . " Watch why justice nixed interracial marriage " McKay said her friends and family have been extremely supportive and she believes this situation occurred for a reason . "  I just think that God puts you in the right positions at the right time in order to stand up to people who -- who choose to live their lives with hate , " she said . The Supreme Court struck down laws against interracial marriage in the landmark 1967 Loving v. Virginia case . Richard and Mildred Loving , who got married in Washington , D.C. , were arrested in their Virginia home with their marriage license framed and hanging on the wall , for the simple fact of being husband and wife . Watch Bardwell explain his decision " In the unanimous decision , the Supreme Court said that "  Under our Constitution , the freedom to marry , or not marry , a person of another race resides with the individual and can not be infringed by the state . " The number of interracial marriages have skyrocketed , nearly quadrupling between 1970 and 2005 , the most recent year for which there is census data . As of 2005 , nearly 8.5 Americans are living in interracial marriages .	Beth McKay says she 's hurt after Louisiana justice of peace denied marriage license Keith Bardwell says he wo n't wed interracial couples , but denies he 's racist State officials have called for Bardwell 's dismissal
CNN  -- Arsenal have tied up a $ 240 million deal with Emirates as the club looks to end its seven year trophy drought . The EPL club has extended its shirt partnership with Emirates until the end of the 2018/19 season , while the airline will also continue its hold on naming rights of the stadium until 2028 . The sponsorship , which is estimated to be worth around $ 48 million a year , has been hailed as a deal ` all about football ' by Arsenal chief executive Ivan Gazidis , who insisted money would be available for player investment in June 2013 when the club receives the first payment from Emirates . The latest agreement , according to Gazidis , will give Arsenal , "  the resources in what we believe is a responsible and well managed way , to be able to invest in what we put onto the pitch for our fans . " Manchester United sends DHL packing In July Manchester United signed a seven-year shirt deal with U.S. car giant Chevrolet worth $ 72 million a season up until 2021 , while Liverpool 's four-year shirt deal with Standard Chartered which was signed back in 2009 is worth $ 128 million in total . Manchester City signed a 10-year deal with Etihad for naming rights and shirt sponsorship worth a reported mammoth $ 641 million only last years . But Arsenal insist that only United 's shirt deal is worth more and that their deal with Emirates is the second most valuable in Europe . However , the club receives around $ 85 million from sponsorships , which is far less than that of its rivals including Liverpool , Chelsea and Manchester United . And while it posted the third-best sales figures for the year ending May 31 of $ 389 million , it still lags behind its rivals on the field . The Gunners ' inability to win a trophy since 2005 under manager Arsene Wenger has led to supporter frustration with the team 's inability to challenge for top honors . Daniel Geey , an associate for Field Fisher Waterhouse LLP and an expert on finance within football , believes Arsenal 's sponsorship deal is a sign of the impact that Financial Fair Play is starting to have on the Premier League . Fair play ? Football clubs seek to beat financial offside trap "  The Arsenal deal will however only begin in time for the 2014-15 season which means the financial uplift is still some time away , " Geey told CNN . "  Depending on how the revenues are apportioned between the shirt and stadium deal , only the future Manchester United Chevrolet $ 72 million a season shirt deal  also starting in 2014-15  is significantly higher in the Premier League . "  It means that in the Premier League alone , there have been some very large recent sponsorship deals with Liverpool 's $ 128 million four-year shirt sponsorship deal with Standard Chartered in September 2009 and Manchester City 's reported 10 year $ 641m shirt , stadium and community deal with Etihad . "  Bearing in mind the latest bumper UK and foreign broadcasting deals that have been announced by the Premier League  forecasted to be around $ 8bn  and the prospect of some type of salary cap being proposed in the Premier League , it is clear that owners are looking to aggressively maximize revenues whilst to some degree constraining wages . "  It may well be that FFP has had the desired ` belt tightening ' effect . " Under the new FFP rules , owners can only contribute a maximum of $ 55.5 million for the 2013-14 and 2015 seasons together , and $ 37 million during the period covering 2015-16 , 2016-17 and 2017-18 . Current rules state that should clubs incur losses in excess of $ 60 million over a three-year period , they will be hit with sanctions as well as exclusion from the Champions League and Europa League .	Arsenal has signed a $ 240 million sponsorship deal with Emirates Shirt deal will remain until 2018/19 season with naming rights maintained until 2028 . Deal is worth an estimated $ 48 million a season to the EPL club
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A man accused of taping ESPN sports reporter Erin Andrews in the nude through hotel peepholes and posting the videos online will plead guilty to a federal stalking charge , according to a court document filed Thursday . Michael David Barrett , 48 , will enter a plea on December 15 , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in the Central District of California . A criminal complaint filed in October accused Barrett of taping Andrews then making seven videos that he posted on the Internet . Barrett 's lawyer , David Willingham , issued a statement saying his client apologized to Andrews . "  Mr. Barrett accepts full responsibility for his conduct . He apologizes to Ms. Andrews , and expresses his deep regret for his conduct that caused her so much pain . It is his sincere hope that these events can now become an opportunity to make positive changes in his life , " the statement said . Barrett was arrested in Illinois but will appear in Los Angeles federal court , Mrozek said . Barrett is charged with interstate stalking , which carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison . An Illinois judge released Barrett on bail in October . Andrews , 31 , is a sideline reporter for ESPN , traveling around the country covering college football games . According to the October criminal complaint , Andrews said that she became aware of the videos in July and that their posting has caused her distress , anxiety and trouble sleeping . Her lawyer , Marshall Grossman , told CNN that Andrews is still shaken . "  She is a very strong young woman . Time is a good healer , " Grossman said . "  However , she continues to feel and experience the ramifications of what occurred every time she steps foot into a hotel room , and in her business , she lives in hotel rooms . " Andrews is now accompanied by additional security , Grossman said . Grossman said he and Andrews are in the process of reviewing the evidence against Barrett and the plea agreement , and Andrews will speak before the court at the hearing next week . He said Andrews wants "  severe punishment " for Barrett . The plea agreement filed Thursday alleges that Barrett recorded videos of Andrews while she stayed at hotels in Columbus , Ohio ; Milwaukee , Wisconsin ; and Nashville , Tennessee . The filing alleges Barrett made reservations at the hotels and altered the peepholes to shoot video of Andrews . Barrett allegedly attempted to sell the videos to celebrity gossip site TMZ in January 2009 . TMZ did not purchase the images , but employees of the Web site assisted in the investigation by providing information to Andrews ' attorneys , authorities said . Barrett posted the videos to other Web sites , Thursday 's filing said . CNN 's Khadijah Rentas and Sonya Hamasaki contributed to this report .	Suspect 's lawyer : Client apologizes to Erin Andrews Man accused of surreptitiously taping ESPN reporter nude , posting videos online Michael David Barrett , 48 , expected to make plea on December 15 Authorities say Andrews was filmed through peephole in hotel rooms
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The mother of the co-pilot who died in a plane crash near Buffalo , New York , in February , said Thursday that her daughter and the pilot were "  being used as a scapegoat . " Lynn Morris says she was shocked at how her daughter , the plane 's co-pilot , was portrayed in the NTSB hearings . Lynn Morris ' daughter , First Officer Rebecca Shaw , was among the 50 people killed in the crash of the plane , operated by Colgan Air . Morris made the comments on the final day of investigative hearings held by the National Transportation Safety Board . "  I think I walked out of the hearings in shock , because I truly felt that both she and the captain were being used as a scapegoat , " Morris said . Testimony from the hearings , which began Tuesday , revealed that fatigue may have contributed to the failure of Shaw and Colgan Air Capt. Marvin Renslow to save the plane as it approached Buffalo Niagara International Airport . Testimony on Wednesday indicated that crews on a number of airlines could be suffering from lack of sleep . Many crews live far from their base of operations , causing them to come to work already tired from travel , NTSB investigators said . Renslow had nearly a full day off before assuming command of Continental Connection Flight 3407 . Yet the NTSB investigation found he slept in the Newark Airport crew lounge -- against Colgan Air regulations . The airline , though , appears not to have been enforcing that rule . "  Nobody argues that the human body needs to have its rest , and sometimes it does n't gel with the schedules of an airline , " testified Capt. Rory Kay , executive air safety chairman for the Air Line Pilots Association . Watch hearing address issues of crew fatigue " NTSB board member Kitty Higgins said the Colgan policy "  is that they 're not to sleep in the crew room , but it turns out they are sleeping in the crew room . " Daniel Morgan , Colgan 's vice president for flight safety , said , "  People can come in between their flights to take a nap . " Asked if napping was considered sleeping , he replied , "  That 's a definition I 'm probably not prepared to answer . " A nap of about 10 to 20 minutes can be restorative for most people , Dr. Michael Silber , a co-director of the Center for Sleep Medicine at the Mayo Clinic in Minnesota , told the clinic 's monthly "  Women 's HealthSource " publication last year . However , a longer nap can make people feel groggy , Silber said for the publication 's October issue . Shaw had three days off before the flight . She commuted through the night from Seattle , Washington , catching rides on connecting Fed Ex flights to get to Newark , New Jersey , where the Colgan flight originated . "  It is shocking . It 's hard to believe that it is allowed to go on , " said Kathy Johnson , whose husband , Kevin , died in the crash . She said Wednesday she was furious that the crew may have been functioning on little sleep . Watch family members question pilot training standards " The NTSB , which has not issued its report on the February 12 crash , said it scheduled the hearings to gather information . The plane plunged into a house in Clarence Center , New York , killing everyone on board and a man on the ground . The NTSB 's preliminary investigation determined there was some ice accumulation on the Bombardier Dash 8-Q400 aircraft , but the "  icing had a minimal impact on the stall speed of the airplane . " On Thursday , safety board member Deborah Hersman questioned why Renslow and Shaw apparently did n't notice , as they approached the Buffalo airport , that the plane 's speed had abruptly dropped from 207 mph to 150 mph  from 180 to 130 knots  . She asked R. Key Dismukes , chief scientist for the NASA division that focuses on human-centered design and operations , whether this was a period in every flight that is a time of high workload for the crew , meaning their attention may have been diverted . Dismukes noted that there was a lot going on , including conversations between Renslow and Shaw and communication with a control tower . "  That certainly did n't help the workload situation , " Dismukes said . "  There were a number of concurrent tasks , and this is a vulnerable period . No questions about it . " Hersman said she had seen the same failure to note a drastic , quick change in speed in other crashes . She suggested that the crew receive an alert in those cases . "  I think an alert that your air speed is deteriorating is kind of like a fire alarm , " Hersman said . On Wednesday , it was revealed that Renslow , in his Colgan Air job application , failed to reveal two pilot exam failures . The crew also violated a rule that requires cockpit conversation to be focused on the flight . At Tuesday 's hearing , Colgan Air acknowledged that Renslow had never trained on the "  stick pusher " emergency system in a flight simulator . The system warns pilots when the plane 's speed is too slow . But in a written statement , the carrier said both Renslow and Shaw had received other specific training on how to handle situations like those that preceded the crash . CNN 's Allan Chernoff contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I think I walked out of the hearings in shock , " co-pilot 's mother says Panel is investigating February crash near Buffalo , New York , that killed 50 Pilot slept in lounge before flight , co-pilot commuted all night , safety board hears Relative of passenger says she 's furious crew may have had little sleep
CNN  -- World No. 2 Novak Djokovic extended his season 's winning streak to 26-0 on Saturday , as he reached the Serbian Open clay court final after his semifinal opponent Janko Tipsarevic withdrew with a thigh injury . Writing on his Facebook page , Djokovic said : "  Janko had to pull out from tonight 's semi-final match because of a muscle injury . I sincerely hope he will manage to recover for the rest of the clay court season . I will try to get the title back where it belongs and that is Serbia . " The 23-year-old will be chasing his fifth title of season on Sunday . Standing in his way is the Spaniard Feliciano Lopez who beat the Italian Filippo Volandri 7-6  7-3  6-2 in his semifinal . The reigning Australian Open champion will take an unblemished 3-0 career lead into the clash with the left-handed Lopez , who is currently ranked No. 37 in the world . The Spaniard is looking forward to the challenge . "  I 've already won four matches this week . My confidence is really high at the moment and I feel great to play against Novak . I know it 's going to be tough ; he 's been the best player this year . It will be a great experience , " Lopez said , AFP reported . Meanwhile , at the Estoril Open in Portugal , Argentina 's Juan Martin del Potro defeated Pablo Cuevas 6-2 7-6  8-6  in Saturday 's semifinal . Del Potro took one hour and 49 minutes to overcome the Uruguayan breaking Cuevas 's serve in the first game helping him establish an 4-2 lead when rain intervened . On resumption , del Potro wasted no time taking the next two games to close out the set before taking the second in a tie break . The 2009 U.S. Open champion will face Spain 's Fernando Verdasco in the final after his semifinal opponent Canadian Milos Raonic withdrew with a back injury during the first set of their semifinal .	Djokovic to appear in final of Serbian Open after opponent Janko Tipsarevic withdraws Australian Open champion has an unblemished record in 2011 The 23-year-old will face Spain 's Feliciano Lopez in final
The Palestinian negotiating team has resigned and will not participate in peace talks with the Israelis , a spokesman for the Palestinian mission to the United Nations told CNN Wednesday . "  The team resigned due to the Israeli illegal practices , especially settlement activities , " Rabii Hantouli said in an e-mail . "  There are efforts to convince them to revert . " "  It is time for the international community and the Quartet members to stop treating Israel as a government above the laws of man and hold them accountable , " Palestinian Chief Negotiator Saeb Erakat told Al Jazeera America . He was referring to the United Nations , Russia , United States and European Union 's peace efforts . Settlement building in East Jerusalem and on the West Bank is "  the issue that will make or break the negotiations , " he said . "  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin  Netanyahu has a choice : settlements or peace ; he ca n't have both . " Ending the talks would be a blow to efforts by the Obama administration to get long-stalled discussions back on track . But a senior administration official downplayed the news , saying that Erakat had issued that threat in the past , and that Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas -- "  the man in charge " -- has said that he is committed to the U.S.-brokered Mideast peace negotiations with Israel . "  We 've seen Saeb Erakat do this before where he 'd threaten to resign because he 's not happy with the way talks are going but ... he ends up taking it back and continuing with the negotiations , " the official told CNN . "  If this ends up being a real resignation this time , which again we do n't know , but if it is , we expect the negotiations will continue . " The official added , "  We have to see how it plays out " but "  no one is really concerned about it at this point . " The negotiators submitted their resignations to Abbas , Hanan Ashrawi told CNN in an interview in Ramallah on the West Bank . "  Reason is that they believe that there is too much pressure coming from the Americans , " she said . "  The talks can be resumed and successful if the Americans can rectify the flaw of Israeli exceptionalism and impunity by bringing Israel into compliance with international law and cessation of all settlement activity . "  It will be very difficult to find any Palestinian who will be willing to negotiate with such disparity between occupier and the occupied . " The next step , Ashrawi said , would be for the PLO Executive Committee to accept the resignations . Talk about expanding settlements has "  rendered the peace talks irrelevant if not a total mockery , " she said . The announcement came a day after Israel canceled controversial plans to construct more than 20,000 homes in East Jerusalem and on the West Bank . Construction and Housing Minister Uri Ariel made the decision after Netanyahu asked him to reconsider the long-term building plans . "  This is a meaningless step -- legally and in practice -- and an action that creates an unnecessary confrontation with the international community at a time when we are making an effort to persuade elements in the international community to reach a better deal with Iran , " Netanyahu 's office said in a statement . "  At this time , the attention of the international community must not be diverted from the main effort -- preventing Iran from receiving an agreement that will allow it to continue its military nuclear program . " Lior Amihai of the activist group Peace Now said the Housing Ministry issued 23,786 planning tenders two weeks ago ; the tenders are issued to companies to draw plans to be used in possible construction . Lara Friedman , director of policy and government relations at Americans for Peace Now in Washington , said the plans had included construction in areas deep in the West Bank , east of the barrier that separates Israel from the West Bank . Ashrawi said earlier that Netanyahu appeared to be intent on scuttling any hope for a solution in peace talks recently relaunched by U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry . There are currently more than 300,000 settlers in the West Bank , according to the Israeli Bureau of Statistics , and about 200,000 in East Jerusalem .	"  No one is really concerned , " says a senior U.S. administration official Settlement plans rendered the talks "  irrelevant , " says Ashrawi Move comes a day after Israel cancels settlement plans "  Netanyahu has a choice : settlements or peace , " Erakat says
Mexico City  CNN  -- "  Poor Mexico , so far from God and so close to the United States , " is something I heard a lot growing up in Mexico in the 1980s . How that saying , first coined by President Porfirio Diaz around the turn of the 20th century , resonates today . With the U.S. election next door , Mexico seems not only far from God , but forgotten . In the past six years , 60,000 people have died in drug-related violence . Some say the death toll could be as high as 100,000 . Yet the violence here did n't make it into the last U.S. presidential debate between Barack Obama and Mitt Romney . We may share a 2,000 mile border , but the view from here -- notwithstanding our trade relationship and the hunger for drugs in the U.S. that is fueling the bloodshed and flooding my country with weapons -- is that we 're truly off the radar . Map : World weighs in on U.S. election "  We ca n't blame the U.S. for the violence in Mexico , " says Anabel Hernandez , an investigative journalist who has put her life on the line writing about Mexico 's drug lords . "  We have to look at our own corruption , the terrible impunity and lack of justice . We have to fix these problems ourselves , not wait for Obama or Romney . But that Mexico did n't even warrant one line in the last debate , when we have thousands dead , and even two CIA agents nearly killed in an ambush recently -- that tells you that the U.S. -- Mexico relationship is not going to change . " So much has happened in Mexico since outgoing President Felipe Caldern of the National Action Party  PAN  declared war on organized crime in 2006 that it 's hard to keep pace with how much the country has changed . Hard to come to grips with the pain of families I 've met during my years covering the drug war -- whose fathers , mothers , brothers , sisters , sons and daughters have come to an untimely and tragic end . Postcard : Is Obama still Kenya 's favorite son ? Because it is hard to understand how we got here , I think back to the time when I was a child here -- back then , the Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , dominated Mexico -- and miles of walls across the country had the PRI logo painted in Mexico 's flag colors of green , white and red . One party , one ideology . One powerful broadcaster that fed us party propaganda . That was just the way it was . Very early on , during family trips to Texas , I learned that the U.S. meant choice . In the U.S. you could get a whole range of shoes , not just the boxy and nerdy pre-NAFTA shoes available to schoolchildren in Mexico . It meant playing Pac-Man , watching the film "  E.T. , " not being spoon-fed soppy telenovelas . But the best , in my view : Snickers and Milky Ways , not the slim , omnipresent Carlos V chocolate bars available back home . Postcard : Nigerians enjoy election soap opera The electoral process in Mexico back then was just like its chocolate , not only insipid but worse -- a foregone conclusion . What we looked forward to was the "  dedazo , " when the president would figuratively wag his finger in the direction of his successor thereby naming his replacement . Meanwhile in the U.S. , elections seemed much more colorful . One of my first memories of a U.S. election was of Jimmy Carter , the peanut farmer from Georgia who talked about human rights vs. Ronald Reagan , the actor from California who talked about the "  Evil Empire . " Here were two very different men with two very different ideologies . In contrast , the stream of gray men running Mexico endured . This period was marked by a couple of national tragedies -- the nationalization of the banks in 1982 , and the calamitous 1985 earthquake , which rocked the PRI to its core . Postcard : Obama finds support among Chavistas In 1994 , on the eve of the Zapatista rebellion , Mexico joined the North American Free Trade Agreement and for better or for worse , you could eventually get Snickers bars in nearly every shop corner . At the same time the media was becoming freer and more robust . In Mexico we have tended to see the U.S. elections through the prism of trade , as with NAFTA , or through immigration , as one out of every 10 Mexicans lives in the U.S. . The 9/11 terrorist attacks shifted George W. Bush 's focus from immigration to waging war in Iraq and Afghanistan . Mexico , understandably , was not a priority . Fast forward to 2006 , a little over five years into our nascent democracy with the PAN in power after 71 years of autocratic PRI rule : Five severed heads were rolled into a nightclub in Uruapan , Michoacn . We were all stunned . This sort of thing did n't happen under the PRI , and the violence has continued unabated to this day . Postcard : Why Berliners , U.S. are kindred spirits "  There have been 30,000 killed in Syria and 60,000 killed in Mexico , many of whom the government says belonged to criminal groups . Yet Mexico did n't figure in the debate . It 's shocking , appalling and disturbing , " says Sergio Aguayo , a political analyst here . "  If Mexico had been mentioned it may have been in the ` failed state ' category along with Pakistan , " counters Andrs Martinez of the New America Foundation . "  So a mention is not always a good thing . " In recent years I 've travelled back and forth to the front lines of the drug war , but I always return to the safety of Mexico City , which so far seems to be cocooned from the bloodshed . Postcard : War-scarred Baghdad has little faith in election But despite living in Mexico City today , it 's hard not to see everything -- including the U.S. election -- through the very dark spectacles of the drug war . "  That 's exactly the problem , " says Mexico City Mayor Marcelo Ebrard , from the left-of-center Party of Democratic Revolution  PRD  . His government says it has significantly decreased crime in the last six years -- an improvement from when Mexico City used to be a hotbed of crime . Today victims of the drug war are taking refuge here , and even journalists from violence-ridden states are seeking exile in the capital . There is no denying that Mexico City is going through some sort of renaissance . Not only are the days of rampant kidnappings behind us , the capital 's also become more liberal , more culturally rich and more tolerant . Postcard : Obama 's ` hope ' a mirage for hostile Pakistanis Yet , I tell Ebrard , Mexico City only seems safe because we 're comparing it to a level of violence we never had in the rest of the country . "  Imagine if we had a different strategy -- the tactic of confrontation -- to get rid of crime , " Ebrard told me . "  We 'd have more blood . " As I write surrounded by boxes before an impending move to London , I see the PRI 's comeback with President elect Enrique Pea Nieto as a direct result of the PAN 's failure . And I see Mexico City as a reflection of what the rest of the country can one day become . As for God , he 's still very far away from here . And the U.S. elections ? Largely irrelevant to most Mexicans , except for Eduardo Cruz , a Mexico City taxi driver who put it this way : "  It does n't matter who wins the U.S. elections , they just better send the loser to sort things out here ! "	Brutal drug war in Mexico not mentioned in U.S. presidential debate Seijas : Mexicans often see U.S. election through trade , immigration prisms Tens of thousands have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since 2006
Orlando  CNN  -- Duct tape found on Caylee Anthony 's skull was placed there after the toddler 's body had decomposed , not before she died , a forensic pathologist testified Saturday as the murder trial of the girl 's mother ended its fourth week on a contentious note . Prosecutors claim Caylee 's mother , Casey Anthony , used chloroform to make her daughter unconscious then used duct tape to cover her nose and mouth , suffocating her . The girl 's skeletal remains were found in a wooded field six months after her family last reported seeing her . Dr. Werner Spitz said he believes the tape was placed on the body long after the flesh had disappeared to hold the jaw bone on , perhaps because someone wanted to move it . Spitz also criticized the Orange County medical examiner , Dr. Jan Garavaglia , for conducting what he termed a "  shoddy autopsy " by failing to cut Caylee 's skull open to look inside . Spitz ' testimony came after Chief Judge Belvin Perry ordered the first defense witness off the stand and threatened attorney Jose Baez with contempt proceedings for failing to tell prosecutors about the man 's planned testimony . Forensic anthropologist William Rodriguez told Judge Belvin Perry after the jury had been excused that he was preparing to testify that no conclusions can be drawn from duct tape found near the girl 's body because of decomposition and movement of the bones by animals . Rodriguez also said he planned to testify that a video prepared by a prosecution expert superimposing Caylee 's living face with a picture of her skull and the outline of a piece of duct tape was an "  unheard of " application of technology meant only to provide initial identifications of remains . But Rodriguez ' opinions were not contained in his report filed with the court , and were n't shared with prosecutors . That violated Perry 's rule that all expert testimony be shared with opposing attorneys , Perry said . "  It appears to me that this was quite intentional , " Perry said to Baez . "  This was not some inadvertent slip . " He ordered Rodriguez off the stand , but said he will be allowed to testify on Monday , after prosecutors have a chance to interview him . Perry said the law would appear to authorize him the right to exclude the testimony , but said that would be too drastic a step . "  It would be totally unfair to Ms. Anthony to have his testimony excluded on this critical issue , " he said . But he said he would be watching Baez ' conduct closely and will consider contempt proceedings at the end of the trial . "  I am not making any promises or warranties about what I will do if it happens a second time with this witness , " Perry scolded Baez . Rodriguez and Spitz are part of the defense effort to discredit , among other things , a prosecution theory that duct tape found clinging to the girl 's remains may have been the murder weapon . Duct tape similar to that found with Caylee 's body was located on a gas can from the Anthony home that Casey Anthony took from a storage shed during her daughter 's disappearance , according to earlier testimony in the case . Spitz began his testimony challenging the thoroughness of the autopsy performed on Anthony , saying examining the inside of the skull is standard practice . He testified that dried sediment he found indicated the body had decomposed on its left side , with the face pointing slightly up . That differs from evidence at the scene indicating the skull was upright when it was discovered . Spitz said the lack of DNA found on the tape would suggest it was placed on the girl 's skull by someone who wanted to move it for some reason . The tape , he said , was intended to keep the jawbone from falling off . On cross-examination , prosecutor Jeff Ashton asked Spitz if the sediment was not "  brain dust " but perhaps something that carried into the skull by water while the body lay under water in the flood-prone spot where it was found . Spitz responded that the fact that the material was residue from the girl 's body was as plain as the jawbone on the replica skull he was using as an illustration during his testimony . But he acknowledged that the material had not been chemically proven to be from the girl 's body . Ashton also questioned Spitz ' characterization of Garavaglia 's autopsy . He challenged the physician -- who co-wrote a book on forensic investigations -- to cite any specific protocol requiring that a pathologist saw open the skull of a thoroughly decomposed body -- including in his own book . Spitz said that he could not , but that his long experience and training tells him that failing to look at the inside of body 's skull is poor practice . "  The skull , the head , is part of the body , and when you do an autopsy you examine the whole body , " he said . Defense attorneys claim Caylee was not murdered , but that she accidentally drowned in the family pool on June 16 , the day she was last seen . They argue that Anthony and her father , George Anthony , panicked and covered up the death . George Anthony has rejected that scenario in his testimony . Casey Anthony is charged with seven counts , including first degree murder , in the death of her daughter , whose remains were discovered in a wooded field in December 2008 , six months after her last family saw her . Saturday was the third day of the defense case . The case will enter its fifth week Monday . In Session 's Mayra Cuevas , Ilana Rosenbluth and Michael Christian contributed to this report . Watch Nancy Grace Monday through Sunday starting at 8 p.m. ET on HLN . For the latest from Nancy Grace click here .	Pathologist testifies duct tape was placed long after Caylee Anthony 's death Dr. Werner Spitz also accuses medical examiner of "  shoddy autopsy " Judge threatens defense attorney with contempt for failing to disclose testimony Casey Anthony is accused of killing her daughter , Caylee , in 2008
CNN  -- The wait is finally over . On Saturday night , "  Whovians "  "  Doctor Who " fans  finally got their first full look at Peter Capaldi in his role as the Twelfth Doctor  with no karaoke or mimes in sight  . He almost literally landed with a splash , as we first saw him and companion Clara being swallowed by a dinosaur who ended up in 19th century London . Because , obviously . Here are five of our favorite moments of what was a spectacular season premiere . 1 . The new Doctor himself The Doctor was still in a bit of post-regenerative hysteria , which led to some hilarious lines . He also , of course , took a few shots at his new look , especially the eyebrows  "  These are attack eyebrows ! You can take bottle tops off with these ! "  and the fact that he 's now Scottish . That was probably one of the biggest surprises : For a Doctor who is darker than the ones we 're used to recently  he certainly does n't have the wackiness of Matt Smith  , there was a great deal of humor in the episode . When we saw his final costume toward the end of the episode , we 've got ta say , the Twelfth Doctor is looking sharp . 2 . Clara back how we remember her When Clara first officially met the Doctor , she was in Victorian dress . Having ended up in the 19th century , she was dressed for the times once more . Whether it was a callback or not , the producers seemed to know that the look really suits Jenna Coleman  In fact , a lot of the memorable parts of this episode seemed to do with the clothes - see Madame Vastra and Jenny 's battle gear as well  . With a few episodes under her belt , Clara is the "  veteran " of the show , and much of it revolved around her , especially with the Doctor being in a confused state for much of it . She had some trouble getting used to this new Doctor , having fallen for the last one  see below  , but she had instant chemistry with the Twelfth . 3 . The icky new villain A restaurant where you 're on the menu ? The half-visaged android the Doctor met could give Hannibal Lecter a run for his money . Their face-off  sorry  toward the end was one of the most memorable confrontations in recent "  Doctor Who " history as well . 4 . A dinosaur in the Thames ?! Not much to say here , except that tyrannosaurus rex was quite a way to kick off the season . 5 . The Eleventh Doctor makes a call The biggest surprise of them all was the Eleventh Doctor 's time-shifted call to Clara at the end of the episode , asking her to take care of the new him .  Though he was n't a big fan of looking old . We 'll miss you , Matt Smith ! What were your favorite parts of the episode ?	Peter Capaldi officially begins his run as the 12th Doctor on Saturday 's ` Doctor Who ' premiere The new Doctor is very different from the last one Jenna Coleman 's Clara is a standout in the episode Previous Doctor , Matt Smith , makes a surprise cameo
CNN  -- "  I have a crazy idea " : Those five words changed a simple meeting of school officials into the realization of Kim Ursetta 's dream . Kim Ursetta leads her kindergarten class at Mathematics and Science Leadership Academy in Denver , Colorado . Ursetta , then president of a local teachers ' union , blurted out those words 18 months ago during a meeting in the office of Denver , Colorado 's , schools superintendent . The other officials in the room leaned in as Ursetta leaped into a sales pitch that would turn an ordinary day into a highlight of her career . "  I want to start a new kind of school , " she said , a union-sponsored public school led by teachers , not a principal . "  I started talking about 21st century skills and wanting to prepare our kids in math and science , especially our low-income and ethnic minority students , " Ursetta said . "  We 've been doing schools the same way in this nation for 150 years , so if we do n't step up , then nothing is going to change . " Watch more about new school innovation " Superintendent Michael Bennet -- now the state 's freshman U.S. senator -- did not say no to the idea , and Ursetta walked out the door "  excited " and "  shocked . " She immediately started "  pulling together a group of teachers to sit down with a blank sheet of paper and ask how you would do a school differently . " See details about K-12 schools , teachers " Three weeks ago , Ursetta 's dream became a reality , as Mathematics and Science Leadership Academy opened its doors to 142 kindergartners and first - and second-grade students in Denver 's mostly low-income , largely Hispanic Athmar Park neighborhood . A board-certified , 16-year teaching veteran , Ursetta , 38 , believes the lack of teacher flexibility ranks among the top barriers blocking the nation 's children from receiving the best education possible . As a teacher at traditional schools , Ursetta said she and her colleagues were n't allowed to change the order of their lessons . Two of the school 's 12 teachers take on administrative duties as "  lead teachers , " performing the traditional role of a principal . Although they follow school board-approved curriculum and standards , instructors can easily rearrange lessons to "  make better sense for the kids " -- making better connections between different subject matter , Ursetta said . Sometimes , for example , it makes sense to group Ursetta 's kindergarten students with first-graders working on the same subject . "  You normally would have to ask permission to do that , " she said . "  But here , we just do it . We 're able to try different things to teach them instead of just following a script . " The lack of quality school leadership is a big reason that experienced teachers leave their schools , Ursetta said . "  Studies show when you take accomplished teachers and allow them to have a leadership role , that 's when they see the most success . Scores just soar . That 's how we 're focused here . " Race to the Top Creating conditions for innovation and reform is one of the stated aims of the new education initiative launched by the Obama administration . Dubbed Race to the Top , the program is essentially a contest pitting states against each other to win a share of $ 4.35 billion in grant money from congressional stimulus legislation . More school funding appears to be a popular idea among many Americans , according to last month 's national Gallup poll sponsored by the professional educators group Phi Delta Kappa . Thirty-two percent of 1,000 general public respondents said adequate funding -- not teacher flexibility -- was the No. 1 problem facing public schools . To qualify for Race to the Top , the rules call on states to create "  data systems " linking student success with teacher performance . That idea jangles nerves at the National Education Association -- the nation 's largest teachers union -- where members fear it opens the door to measuring teacher performance by how students score on tests . "  What we 're really against is using a single -LSB- student -RSB- test on a single day " to assess teacher performance , said NEA Executive Director John Wilson . "  What we 're more accepting of are multiple indicators , " and teacher performance "  observed in classroom should count as the major part of evaluation . " Unlike the controversial 2002 No Child Left Behind program , which forced states to accept student testing standards in exchange for federal funds , Race to the Top is strictly a voluntary initiative . But Wilson said many teachers are reacting coolly to Race to the Top because they "  feel like it 's too much like No Child Left Behind and are looking for something different . " Teachers wonder if the program will undermine innovation and creativity , Wilson said . Charter schools Race to the Top also aims to give a boost to charter schools -- special public schools that are given more independence in order to encourage innovation . The program requires each state applicant to remove any limits to the number of charter schools . However , in some cases , "  the rate of charter schools has been allowed to grow faster than folks can keep track of -- and standards begin to slip , " said U.S. Education Department spokesman Justin Hamilton . "  That 's something we all need to be aware of . " Critics of Race to the Top question its emphasis on charter schools , prompting some officials to say the criteria are unfair to rural districts . In mostly rural Montana , state education chief Denise Juneau , a Democrat , has complained about the charter school criteria in a letter to U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan . The idea "  does not make sense , " said Juneau 's letter , because rural and economic conditions in her state make it challenging to support current schools , let alone "  the duplication of infrastructure a charter school would mean in most communities . " "  Why does everyone believe that charter schools are the only point of innovation ? " Wilson asked . "  There 's so much going on in public schools that nobody ever talks about . " ` It 's so unprecedented ' So far , at least eight states have changed their laws in hopes of winning some of the federal grant money , according to the U.S. Department of Education . "  It 's so unprecedented , " said Tim Daly , president of the New Teacher Project , a nonprofit that advocates for high-need students . "  No one had any idea that states would take this competition so seriously . I certainly did n't . States had resisted reform for a million reasons . " Experts explain the shift in a word : recession . The sagging economy has cut tax revenues -- the lifeblood of public schools . "  The question is , is it the money or the prestige ? " said Daly . "  Are states doing this because they get money for this ? Or are many states shocked by how far they have slipped ? " An independent panel of 50 to 80 experts will decide which states will get the grant money and how much . An announcement is expected toward year 's end , Hamilton said . "  It 's a program to showcase for the nation the states that are doing things right , " Hamilton said . It 's for states that are pushing the education envelope and getting our children to where they need to be -- to be the most competitive in the global marketplace . "	Teachers -- not principals -- run new Colorado school focusing on math , science "  If we do n't step up , " then nothing will change , says teacher who started school Obama 's "  Race to the Top " offers $ 4.35 billion in grants for school innovation Union chief : Some teachers say it 's too much like No Child Left Behind
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- U.S. airstrikes aimed at al Qaeda leaders in Pakistan have been "  very effective , " with few civilian deaths as a result , CIA Director Leon Panetta said Monday in a rare public acknowledgment of the raids . CIA Director Leon Panetta speaks about the fight against al Qaeda at the Pacific Council on International Policy . Asked about criticism of the missile attacks by counterinsurgency experts , Panetta said he did not want to discuss specifics , "  but I can assure you that in terms of that particular area , it is very precise and is very limited in terms of collateral damage . " "  Very frankly , it 's the only game in town in terms of confronting or trying to disrupt the al Qaeda leadership , " Panetta told the Pacific Council on International Policy in Los Angeles . Pakistan has complained repeatedly about what it says are airstrikes on its territory by U.S.-operated drones . The U.S. military in neighboring Afghanistan does not comment on the attacks , which typically target Islamic militants in the border region , but the United States is the only country operating in the region known to have the capability to launch missiles from remote-controlled aircraft . Panetta 's predecessor , Michael Hayden , was asked about the drone attacks on Pakistani territory shortly before he left office in January , but addressed it far less directly than Panetta . "  I 'm not going to talk about anything operational , and I 'm not confirming or denying how any of this happens , we 're not getting into that , " he said . But he said he believed al Qaeda leaders had come to view Pakistan 's tribal regions as "  neither safe nor a haven . " Two leading former advisers on counterinsurgency warfare , David Kilcullen and Andrew Exum , wrote in The New York Times over the weekend that the strikes have killed about 14 terrorist leaders in the past three years -- but Pakistani sources say the civilian death toll could be as high as 700 . While U.S. officials dispute that ratio , Kilcullen and Exum wrote , "  Every one of these dead noncombatants represents an alienated family , a new desire for revenge and more recruits for a militant movement that has grown exponentially even as drone strikes have increased . " "  The persistence of these attacks on Pakistani territory offends people 's deepest sensibilities , alienates them from their government and contributes to Pakistan 's instability , " Kilcullen and Exum said . They compared the tactics to British bombardment of the same region in the 1920s and French airstrikes on Algeria in the 1950s , arguing that the strikes were likely to remind Pakistanis of colonial rule . U.S. forces have been battling al Qaeda and its Taliban allies in Afghanistan since the terrorist network 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington . Both have taken root across the rugged border in Pakistan , where Pakistani troops are waging an air and ground offensive to crush the Taliban in the Swat Valley , northwest of the capital , Islamabad . Prime Minister Yusuf Reza Gilani said Monday that the offensive will go on "  until peace is established . " CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	CIA Director Leon Panetta makes rare public acknowledgment of raids U.S. airstrikes "  only game in town " to fight al Qaeda in Pakistan , he says He says strikes are very precise and collateral damage is limited
CNN  -- World Wrestling Entertainment announcer Jerry "  The King " Lawler was in stable condition after suffering a heart attack , WWE said . As of Tuesday morning , Lawler was in a cardiac care unit and his vital signs were stable , WWE said in a written statement . Lawler , a larger-than-life figure even within the flamboyant world of professional wrestling , suffered a heart attack and collapsed during a show Monday night , the show 's producers announced . Lawler , 62 , was given CPR in the locker room of the arena in Montreal before being taken to a hospital , co-host Michael Cole told viewers during a break in the televised program . Lawler was in the emergency room and breathing on his own , but "  this is an extremely serious situation . This is not part of tonight 's entertainment , " he said . "  This is a real-life situation . " Cole said the star was responding to tests and would be given a CT scan at the hospital , adding , "  Jerry , my friend , my prayers are with you . " "  I 'm shaken by the news of my friend Jerry Lawler 's medical emergency in Montreal . Hands shaking . Prayers for the King . I feel helpless , " WWE announcer Jim Ross said on Twitter . Lawler made his name in wrestling in the 1970s , but he became famous beyond the wrestling world for a 1982 bout with comedian Andy Kaufman . The Great Ruse : Andy Kaufman , the comedic genius who rocked wrestling Kaufman , who had begun wrestling women during his nightclub act , accepted a challenge from Lawler , who accused him of demeaning the sport . Kaufman trash-talked both the wrestler and the crowd in Memphis , Tennessee , before the match , and the 6-foot , 243-pound Lawler trounced the skinny comedian , who was hauled away in a stretcher . A few weeks later , the pair appeared on "  Late Night with David Letterman " and got into an argument that ended with Lawler slapping Kaufman , followed by Kaufman delivering a profanity-laced tirade and being chased off the set . The wrestler gave as good as he got in trash-talking the comedian , letting loose with : "  Andy Kaufman 's mom wanted a girl , his father wanted a boy , and they were both satisfied ! " Lawler lists the slapping of Kaufman on the Letterman show as the highlight of his career . But like much of Kaufman 's shtick , the feud was an elaborate put-on . "  They 'd be at the coliseum , supposedly trying to kill each other , and then I 'd get off the 10 o'clock newscast and walk into the newsroom , and Jerry and Andy would be sitting in an edit booth discussing what had happened and where to go from there , " veteran Memphis wrestling announcer Dave Brown told CNN earlier this year . Lawler was inducted into the Connecticut-based WWE 's Hall of Fame in 2007 and played himself in the 1999 Kaufman biopic "  Man on the Moon . " A native of Memphis , with bright blue eyes and a baby face into his 60s , Lawler describes himself as loved in his hometown but hated in his wrestling federation , "  where his arrogant , egotistical attitude got him into feuds with former WWF champ Bret Hart and federation head Vince McMahon . " The WWF is the former name of the WWE . He started wrestling in 1970 in Memphis , where he won multiple regional championships and the Mid-South Wrestling circuit . He career had gone national by the mid-1970s , and he continued to wrestle for decades . In recent years , he has been known better as a commentator . "  We are hopeful Jerry makes a full recovery and returns to WWE in the near future . Our thoughts are with Jerry and his family , " the WWE said on its website . Previously on CNN.com : Pro wrestler ditches ring for rod with new extreme fishing show Previously on CNN.com : Brooke Hogan wanted to follow in dad 's footsteps Previously on CNN.com : Why wrestling is booming in Senegal	NEW : Lawler is in stable condition , WWE says Lawler collapsed during a World Wrestling Entertainment show in Montreal and is hospitalized "  This is a real-life situation , " co-host Michael Cole told viewers The WWE hall of famer is famous for his feud with comedian Andy Kaufman
Rawalpindi , Pakistan  CNN  -- A suicide bomber killed at least 35 people Monday by detonating explosives outside a bank where people had lined up to pick up their monthly checks , police said . The blast , in the Cannt area of the city , also wounded more than 65 others , said Imdad Ullah Bosal , a district coordination officer . Two women were among the dead , he said . Meanwhile , another suicide bomber detonated his explosives at a police checkpoint in Lahore hours after the Rawalpindi attack , a police official told CNN . The bombers , believed to be wearing suicide vests , blew themselves up as police inspected their vehicle at the Babu Sabu checkpoint , according to Lahore police chief Pervez Rethore . The blast injured at least 17 police and civilians , a local rescue services spokesman said . At least three people sustained serious injuries , Rethore said . In recent weeks , Pakistan has been rocked relentlessly by a wave of attacks as Islamic militants retaliate against a military offensive to rout insurgents operating along its border with Afghanistan . The worsening situation prompted the United Nations to announce Monday that it was pulling all non-emergency foreign staffers from the country 's northwest . The scene of Monday 's deadly explosion in Rawalpindi is about 18 miles  30 kilometers  from the capital city of Islamabad . It is a closely guarded city that is home to the country 's military headquarters . The Cannt area is short for cantonment , so called because of its proximity to the military offices . It is home to several travel agencies and mid-range hotels . The bomber rode up to the front of the National Bank in a motorcycle or a bicycle , said Rawalpindi Police Chief Rao Muhammad Iqbal . The impact of the bomb was so intense that residents a block away said they thought the blast took place where they were . The explosion blew out windows in the three-story building and blackened its walls . Rescue workers in surgical masks picked through the rubble looking for survivors . Iqbal Nisouwana , a driver , who rushed to the scene to help tend to the wounded said he saw five men in uniform among the wounded . "  Two soldiers were injured . I helped put them in the ambulance , " Nisouwana said . "  And I saw three more wounded . " "  One old man called to me for help , " he added . "  I tried to pick him up but he was too heavy . " On October 10 , militants held dozens of hostages for some 22 hours inside the army headquarters in Rawalpindi . Eleven military personnel , three civilians , and nine militants were killed in the siege . On October 20 , back-to-back explosions took place at Islamabad 's International Islamic University . At least six people died in the attack . Twenty-nine others were wounded . And on October 28 , a massive car bomb tore through the heart of a bustling marketplace in Peshawar , killing at least 100 people and injuring at least 200 others . The attack on the capital of the North West Frontier Province was the deadliest terrorist attack on Pakistan since the October 2007 attack on a homecoming rally for former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto . More than 135 people were killed in the suicide bombing in Karachi . Bhutto escaped harm , but she was assassinated two months later . Her husband , Asif Ali Zardari , is now the president of the country . The U.N. decision to withdraw staffers applies to all except those needed for emergency , humanitarian and security operations in the North West Frontier Province and the Federally Administered Tribal Areas  FATA  , said spokeswoman Ishrat Rizvi . The agency has been providing aid to the 2 million Pakistanis who have been displaced in the fighting between government forces and Islamic militants . This year , the United Nations has lost several staffers to terror attacks , including five who were killed in a suicide bombing at the World Food Programme offices in Islamabad last month . Two more U.N. workers died when attackers shot their way onto the grounds of the Pearl-Continental Hotel in Peshawar in June and set off a car bomb . And gunmen killed a U.N. worker during a kidnapping attempt in Peshawar in July . CNN 's Ivan Watson in Rawalpindi , Samson Desta in Islamabad and journalist Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	Death toll reaches 35 , with 65 wounded , authorities say Suicide bomber detonates explosives outside a bank in Rawalpindi Bomber rode up to the front of the National Bank in a motorcycle or a bicycle NEW : Second suicide attack in Lahore injures at least 17 people
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Inside the blacked-out Taj Mahal Palace Hotel , hallways were littered with bloodied bodies . A commando in disguise give details of what went down in the Taj hotel when commandos went in . Terrorists were still holding 200 people 33 hours after the assault began . Knowing next to nothing about what they might encounter in the dark recesses of the hotel , Indian Army commandos decided to go back in -- and were met by terrorists firing mercilessly , throwing grenades and continuously switching positions . The sound of gunfire and explosions reverberated throughout the hotel 's atrium , making it impossible to pinpoint the origin of the shots . Through it all , the commandos walked down pitch-black halls , trying to navigate the damaged hotel without knowing the layout . A commando spokesman , his face and hair swathed in a black scarf and wearing dark glasses to hide his identity , revealed these details of the mission inside the Taj at a news conference Friday . At 6:30 a.m. Friday , the battle at the Taj came to a head with a final firefight at the room holding the 200 hostages , he said . Watch what it was like inside the hotel for commandos " When the gunfire stopped , commandos -- known as the Black Cats -- entered the room and freed all 200 hostages . Their difficulties had been apparent from the beginning , he said . "  We did not know the layout of the hotel , " the commando told reporters . "  There was one person on the hotel staff who was helping to guide us around . " They entered the hotel for the first time essentially blind to what was ahead . They had no idea what kind of people they would encounter , what kind of weapons might be pointed at them , and whether they might be blown up by explosives . Learn more about the Taj 's past and future " "  Then we heard gunshots on the second floor and we rushed toward the fired shots , " he said . "  While taking cover we found that there were 30 to 50 bodies lying dead . At that point we also came under fire . The moment they saw us , they hurled grenades . " When the shots stopped , the commandos moved toward the source of the gunfire . See the first photos from inside the Taj Mahal hotel " "  At that time , they vanished ... they had gone elsewhere , " the commando said . The attackers had a clear advantage , commandos said , because it was apparent from their movements they knew the hotel 's layout . Some tourists rescued from the hotel said the building 's large dome and a massive atrium made the sounds of gunfire and explosions reverberate endlessly . It was impossible to pinpoint where the shooters were . Because of the darkness , commandos could not tell how many terrorists were there -- were there many , or only a few who continued to change positions ? At one point , commandos believed some of the terrorists were hiding on the eighth floor . As the commandos approached one of the rooms , attackers opened fire at them and said all the people in the room were dead . "  We fired at them and they fired at us , but because the room was absolutely dark and we had just gotten -LSB- inside -RSB- it made it difficult for us , " the commando said . Watch commandos talk about fighting the attackers " During the fight , two commandos were shot . They decided to flush out the terrorists by blocking entry and exit routes . But the attackers knew all the doors , he said . When they made it inside the room , the terrorists had disappeared again . Inside that room , commandos found AK-47 ammunition rounds , including seven magazines fully loaded , and 400 other rounds for other weapons . They found grenades , credit cards , U.S. notes , foreign money and bags of dried fruit , which they believed helped sustain the attackers during the siege . During the three-day assault , the attackers fired indiscriminately . But the commandos were forced to use caution . "  Let me tell you one thing , " the commando said . "  Within the first exchanges of fire , we could have got those terrorists -- but there was so many hotel guests -- there were bodies all over and blood all over . And we were trying to avoid the causalities of civilians . We had to be more careful in our fighting . " In trying to rescue hostages and trapped civilians , commandos had to convince guests they were there to help , not terrorists trying to trick them , Indian Army Lt. Gen. Noble Thamburaj said . "  There are a number of rooms that are locked from inside , " he told reporters . "  It is possible that some of the hotel guests have locked themselves in and for their own security and safety . Even though we have identified ourselves they are not opening the doors . " The overall operation may have been made more difficult because of a late start , CNN sister station CNN-IBN reported . CNN-IBN said that attacks at the Taj Mahal Hotel were well under way at 9:30 p.m. Wednesday , but unnamed sources said the commandos were not given the go-ahead to take part in the rescue until midnight . Those sources told CNN-IBN said that once the commandos got the go-ahead , it took nearly three hours for them to leave for Mumbai from their undisclosed location . Once they arrived , the sources said , commandos had no precise maps of the hotel layout or its access points . While local police and other officers were at the scene , the sources said , the commandos and army special force units are the only ones equipped and trained to rescue hostages .	Disguised commando tells reporters rescuers entered unknown layout in the dark Commandos had to avoid hurting civilians , convince them they were not terrorists Attackers knew layout well , moved around frequently , commando says 33 hours after siege , commandos rescued 200 people from Taj Mahal Hotel
CNN  -- The top court in Arkansas has ordered the immediate dismissal of a judge who leaked confidential details about an adoption involving Oscar-winning actress Charlize Theron , according to court documents . Faulkner County Circuit Judge Michael Maggio admitted posting details from Theron 's closed-record adoption of a child in 2012 on "  tigerdroppings.com , " a Louisiana State University fan site , using the online name "  geauxjudge , " according to documents that a judicial commission submitted to the state Supreme Court . Maggio commented in January 2012 that a friend of his handled a single-parent adoption case involving Theron , and that she came to court wearing a "  long brown wig , oversized clothes " so as not to be recognized , the commission 's report says . He wrote online that he "  offered to be the baby daddy , " documents said . Theron is one of Hollywood 's top actors with roles in movies ranging from "  Monster " and "  Mighty Joe Young " to "  North Country " and "  Snow White and the Huntsman . " Efforts to reach Theron 's representatives were not successful Friday night . Maggio 's published comments on the adoption case involving Theron are part of a report by the Arkansas Judicial Discipline and Disability Commission , which investigated claims against the circuit judge . Maggio has been on the bench in Arkansas since 2001 . The commission 's report includes five pages of comments Maggio made in the social media forum on other cases under the username "  geauxjudge , " including statements on various aspects of gender , race and sexuality issues . The report concluded that he had violated at least 23 judicial codes . In March , after the identity of "  geauxjudge " was confirmed to be Maggio , he said in a statement : "  I take full responsibility for the comments that have been attributed to me . I apologize deeply for my lapse in personal judgment and for that , I have no excuse . "  The comments posted were not acceptable . These comments are not a reflection of who I am , " the judge 's statement said , according to CNN affiliate KATV . The Arkansas Supreme Court order prohibits Maggio from holding any judicial office in that state and orders him to be removed from office without pay . CNN 's Philip Gast and Carolyn Sung contributed to this story .	State Supreme Court dismisses a judge over his comments on a social media site The judge referred to a closed-record adoption involving actress Charlize Theron Judge Michael Maggio also acknowledged posting comments in other cases Maggio now can not hold judicial office in Arkansas , according to the state Supreme Court
CNN  -- Three years ago , when Scott Hamilton moved from New York to Oklahoma for work , his marriage , and all the rights that went with it , dissolved in the transition . That 's because Oklahoma -- a deeply conservative place -- is one of 38 states that bans marriages between same-sex couples . To make the move , Hamilton , 52 , and his husband , Wayne Johnson , 59 , who got married in Connecticut in 2009 and have been together since 1991 , had to come to grips with the fact their relationship would no longer matter under the eyes of the law . They had to redo their wills and create new trusts to ensure their assets would be passed smoothly if one of them were to die . If they were put into long-term care in Oklahoma , he said , the men would have to occupy separate rooms . They must file their taxes separately . And it 's almost impossible for them to use the word "  husband " without comment . "  Well , who are you ? Are you his driver ? " a nurse recently asked Hamilton when he was pushing Johnson through a hospital in a wheelchair , as he related it to me . "  No , I 'm his husband . " "  Oh , good God , " she said , dismissively . Oh-good-God is right . How does it make sense that a couple 's love for each other would be recognized by one state and mocked in another ? For lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender people , the United States has turned into a complicated mess of 50 Americas -- most of which discriminate against them . Opinion : America is at a crossroads on gay rights For what other group -- with the possible exception of pregnant women seeking abortions -- are state borders so important ? If you 're Jewish or tall or Christian or black or fat or old or poor or sad ... your fundamental rights as a human do n't change if you drive from the panhandle of Idaho , where same-sex marriage is banned , into Washington state , where it 's legal , or from the yellow plains of West Texas , where employees can be fired because of their sexual orientation , to New Mexico , where LGBT workers are protected from institutionalized bigotry . It makes sense speed limits and marijuana laws would differ . But not basic rights to dignity and inclusion . America deals with a host of issues that affect LGBT people -- not just same-sex marriage -- in this sloppy , checkerboard fashion . You can explore some of them with CNN 's handy new "  LGBT rights calculator . " The point , to me , is that this patchwork of laws makes no coherent sense . Some states allow same-sex couples to adopt . Others , such as Mississippi , ban it . That leaves couples such as Sara and L.B. Bell -- whom I met on a recent trip to Mississippi , a state that , according to my calculations , ties for having the fewest protections for LGBT people -- to fear that if and when they have a child , it may be difficult for both to maintain custody . Some states protect LGBT tenants from being evicted because of who they are . Others , such as Louisiana and Montana , do n't seem to think that matters . Some states let teachers talk about homosexuality in schools -- a healthy step toward ensuring future generations continue to be more accepting of all people . Others , such as Alabama , require teachers to mention "  in a factual manner and from a public health perspective , that homosexuality is not a lifestyle acceptable to the general public and that homosexual conduct is a criminal offense under the laws of the state . " Never mind that homosexuality is not a crime , as the U.S. Supreme Court held in Lawrence v. Texas in 2003 . And that about half the nation is cool with same-sex marriage these days , a percentage that only will grow with time . Each state is so different we might as well put up signs on the borders . Welcome to Oklahoma ... Oh , you 're gay ??? Please turn around . We can fire you for that here . ... At least then the statutory inequalities would be visible . It seems LGBT people have already taken notice . Opinion : Gay marriage , then group marriage ? A recent Gallup survey of 206,186 people found states with more accepting laws and cultures tend to have higher percentages of openly LGBT residents . Washington , D.C. , for example , which allows same-sex marriage , has a 10 % LGBT population . North Dakota , where laws and the culture  "  Fargo " may have something to do with it , too  are less favorable , is only 1.7 % openly LGBT . That may be because LGBT people in conservative states are less likely to be open about who they are , particularly with a pollster , Gary Gates and Frank Newport write in an explanation of the survey on Gallup 's website . "  It is also possible that LGBT adults make conscious choices to reside in certain states rather than others , " they said , "  but this possibility is difficult to assess and seems less likely . " Plenty of gay people , Hamilton included , hope the Supreme Court , which is hearing two cases related to same-sex marriage next week , soon will expand rights for same-gender couples in this country . But even in a favorable scenario -- if California 's same-sex marriage ban is invalidated , and if the federal government starts recognizing same-sex marriages -- LGBT people still will be subject to vastly different laws depending on where they live and work . Folks like Hamilton , who moved from New York to Oklahoma , might as well be going from Alaska to Russia . States , of course , should n't give up their right to self-governance . But when it comes to civil rights issues , they have an awful history of clinging to laws long past their expiration dates . In 1967 , 16 states banned interracial marriage . The Supreme Court overturned that . Mississippi and others fought against racial integration in schools . But level heads , and courts , prevailed . I 'm no legal scholar , and I 'm not sure exactly what the best strategy would be for ensuring gay people are seen as equal under the law in all states . But I do know that it 's far too complicated right now . Hamilton , the man who lived in New York , decided to move to Oklahoma , where he had grown up , to take a job as executive director of the Cimarron Alliance , a statewide LGBT rights group . The nonprofit asked him , he said , if he wanted a corner office in the new community center the group is unveiling this month . It has nice big windows , the group told him . Hamilton turned it down . He worries he would be targeted . Listen : Voices from the Southern closet "  We are seeing an uptick in anti-LGBT violence here , " he told me on the phone .  In one instance , last year , a Tulsa man said he was beaten up because he 's gay  . "  And I think that 's part of the change process . When people feel like they 're really losing their grip or their hold , oftentimes violence results . " If , heaven forbid , Hamilton were to be victimized because of his sexual orientation and because he 's a leader of an LGBT rights group , Oklahoma 's state laws would n't treat it as a hate crime . On the federal level , as of 2009 , LGBT people are explicitly protected . Kansas , a two-hour drive to the north , lists lesbian and gay people as specifically protected from hate crimes , but does not extend rights to transgender people . Sounds fair , right ? Either we live in a nation that supports LGBT equality or we do n't . But we ca n't have it 50 ways . The views expressed in this column are solely those of John D. Sutter .	John Sutter : LGBT rights break the country into 50 parts The Supreme Court is set to hear two same-sex marriage cases next week Sutter : Even if court rules for same-sex marriage , a patchwork of laws remain He says state borders matter more for LGBT people than others
CNN  -- BMW Oracle have taken a 1-0 lead in the best-of-three America 's Cup after a comfortable victory over holders Alinghi in Friday 's opening race in Valencia . American challengers Oracle cruised home by a three kilometer margin despite a poor start -- and now look poised to take the title from their Swiss opponents in the second race on Sunday . The opening race had twice fallen victim to adverse weather conditions this week , and more rough weather delayed proceedings once again . But when the flag eventually came down , Oracle stormed to victory , coming home over 15 minutes ahead of Alinghi . Winning captain James Spithill told the official America 's Cup Web site : "  This was one of the hardest days I 've had on the boat with the pressure and direction changes . "  But all in all it was a good day . I 'm sure there are some improvements we can make , but obviously it was great . " The America 's Cup is international sport 's oldest trophy and was first competed for off the coast of southern England in 1851 .	BMW Oracle have taken a 1-0 lead in the best-of-three America 's Cup series The American challengers beat Swiss champions Alinghi by over 15 minutes on Friday The second race of the best-of-three series will take place in Valencia on Sunday
Washington  CNN  -- Federal officials and the nation 's 15,000 air traffic controllers announced Wednesday they are extending an existing work contract for another four years . Controllers will get the same pay raise given to other federal government employees instead of independently negotiating raises , the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Air Traffic Controllers Association said . The announcement , coming six months before the expiration of the existing contract , suggests improved relations between management and labor . It appears both sides wanted to avoid the bruising battles that characterized some previous negotiations . Under the contract extension , work rules will remain the same , the FAA said . And the controllers will get the same raises the president and Congress authorize for other federal employees . The current contract was enacted in 2009 and was to expire on October 1 . But the extension , which did not require a vote of the union 's members , will prolong the agreement until July 1 , 2016 . In a joint statement , Acting FAA Administrator Michael Huerta and National Air Traffic Controllers Association President Paul Rinaldi said the extension serves both organizations . "  This contract extension will provide stability for our work force ; ensure continued collaboration to transform the air traffic system through NextGen , delivering more on-time and fuel-efficient flights ; and continue to provide the safest air transportation system in the world . " NextGen is the satellite-based navigation system that currently is being phased in to replace the existing ground-based radar system . Contract negotiations between the FAA and its controllers historically have been fractious . In 1981 , President Ronald Reagan fired striking controllers , leading to the decertification of the Professional Air Traffic Controllers Organization , or PATCO . And , after contract talks broke down in 2005 , the union worked for more than three years under a contract imposed by President George W. Bush and Congress .	The agreement avoids the fractious negotiation process of previous contract talks Air traffic controllers will get the same pay raises approved for other federal employees The National Air Traffic Controllers Association has 15,000 members
CNN  -- Palm weevils . To look at , these tiny bugs are relatively unassuming , perhaps even slightly creepy to the insect-adverse . To Mohammed Ashour , however , they are the solution to many of the ills facing the developing world . The humble palm weevil could potentially eradicate world hunger and malnutrition , it could lift whole communities out of poverty , and bring down global C02 levels . For a creature measuring just a few inches in length , that 's a lot of power . "  If anything , our business model is too disruptive , " says Ashour , who launched Aspire with four fellow MBA students from McGill University . Their aim is to introduce insect farming to countries with an affinity for insect consumption and a lack of access to nutritional sustenance . Their idea won them the 2013 Hult Prize , which provides $ 1m seed money for the most game-changing social enterprise , as well backing from the Canadian government-funded Grand Challenges . With their winnings , Aspire set up a pilot program in Ghana , where food insecurity remains an issue in various parts of the country . Currently , 75 % of pre-school-aged children and two-thirds of pregnant women in Ghana suffer from anemia , according to the World Health Organization . "  In the rural community , the food is mainly made up of carbohydrates . Because of the fact that you 're not getting the protein you need -- there is n't much fish or beef in the diet -- I think what they eat is lacking in nutrition , " says Dr. Clement Akotsen-Mensah , an entomologist and research fellow at the Forest and Horticultural Crops Research Center at the University of Ghana . "  The palm weevil can be a good supplement , " he adds . In 2013 , the UN Food and Agricultural Organization released a report advocating insect consumption worldwide . The report found that pound-for-pound , palm weevils -- like other insects -- have similar levels of protein as beef , but beats out the bovine in levels of iron , potassium , zinc , phosphorous and several amino acids . While the government supplies pregnant women with iron pills and vitamins , Ashour says locals are n't always too amenable to taking them . "  In areas where iron deficiencies seems to be the greatest , there is also a lack of education , or sometimes a lack of trust in government . If you go to a small village outside of Accra , good luck instructing a woman to take a package of pills and expect an order of compliance , " he notes . "  We 're introducing iron and protein in a way that is much more culturally acceptable . " Moreover , some Ghanians , particularly those living in the north and east , already make palm weevils a part of their diet . "  You wo n't see it everywhere in Ghana , but in places where it is consumed , it is consumed with quite a high affinity , " says Ashour . While he notes that Ghana has "  a strong demand , " he says what it lacks is supply , as currently the bugs are harvested by hand . By introducing farming , Aspire is not only increasing access to a cheaper and more nutritional source of protein , it says it is introducing new revenue streams for Ghanians living in poverty . "  The process of farming itself is n't overly complicated . Someone who is uneducated but industrious can do it and get it up and running in a short amount of time , " says Ashour . Aspire has decided to target farmers living in rural and peri-urban communities , where , Ashour notes , there is an abundance of land , but a dearth of opportunities . Aspire would provide farmers with the kits and training free of charge , then buy back the weevils to distribute en masse throughout the country . Aspire is also looking into creating products from the weevils , such as a high-protein flour that could be added to any dish to make it more nutritious . "  I think it has a lot of potential , " says Akotsen-Mensah . "  Previously , the wood from the palm trees was n't really used for anything . People would make wine from it maybe , then leave it . Now they can use it to raise the weevil , and get some small income . It could have a great economic impact , " he adds . Aspire has other insect-farming projects it 's either launched or is looking into . The group has also set up a pilot grasshopper-farming program in Mexico , and is looking into introducing cricket farming in Kenya . The choice of insect is determined by local tastes . It is also looking at introducing entomophagy -- or the practice of bug-eating -- into the United States . While the project in Ghana is fairly new  Aspire launched the program less than three months ago  , Ashour has high hopes for it , ultimately envisioning his weevil products to reach 30 % of the market in Ghana . "  You 're asking an optimist , " he concedes . "  I really see us having great impact . By next year 's end , it would be possible to reach anywhere from 500,000 to one million people . "	Two billion people eat insects in 162 countries around the world Insects need less food , water and land to rear than beef and chicken Social enterprise Aspire is trying to increase insect consumption globally It thinks its Ghana pilot program will revitalize the economy
Moscow , Russia  CNN  -- A Russian lawmaker is calling for a special investigation into a top intelligence official 's alleged release of information on a Russian spy ring in the United States . The deputy chairman of the Russian parliament 's security committee wants a special commission to analyze how information on the Russian agent got out , said Alyona Zhukova , a spokeswoman for lawmaker Gennady Gudkov 's office . Zhukova said the lawmaker had confirmed a newspaper report identifying a colonel in Russia 's Foreign Intelligence Service as the source who tipped off U.S. officials . And the lawmaker sees the information as a significant blow to the image of Russia 's intelligence network , she said . The article , published in the respected Russian newspaper Kommersant Thursday , said "  the betrayer , " known as "  Colonel Shcherbakov , " fled Russia three days before Russia 's president arrived in the U.S. for meetings with President Barack Obama -- just days before ring was broken up . Neither the U.S. State Department nor the Central Intelligence Agency would comment on the report . The paper quotes a source who says the U.S. , fearing that the Russian intelligence agency would pull its agents from the U.S. , rounded them up and arrested them . In July , 10 Russian agents were handed over by the United States in exchange for four Russian prisoners . The article in Kommersant says Shcherbakov , who was identified only by last name , headed up the branch of the Foreign Intelligence Service that oversees agents working abroad undercover but without diplomatic credentials . "  We know who he is and where he is . He betrayed either for the money or he was caught for something . And there 's no doubt that there is a Mercader has been sent for him , " an unidentified source was quoted as telling Kommersant . Mercader was an assassin sent by Stalin to Mexico to kill Leon Trotsky in 1940 . "  He does n't have an enviable fate , " the source tells the paper . "  He will drag this with him for the rest of his life and every day he will fear vindication . " The paper says that Shcherbakov was present in the facility in the U.S. where one of the spies arrested this summer was held . It claims he also took the files on one of those spies with him to the United States . The colonel 's son also fled Russia for the United States not long before the spies were arrested , according to the paper . CNN 's Arkady Irshenko , Jill Dougherty and Anastasia Anashkina contributed to this report .	A Russian lawmaker wants a commission to analyze how a top official leaked the information The lawmaker confirms a report naming a top intelligence officer as the U.S. source The officer gave the U.S. information on the spy ring , and fled Russia , the newspaper says The newspaper article alleges the colonel 's information is what led to the spy ring bust
CNN  -- Downtown Disney is set to fade into history , making way for a bigger new community . Over the next three years , the entertainment district at Florida 's Walt Disney World will be transformed into Disney Springs , a new shopping , dining and entertainment area that will double the size of the existing complex . "  Disney Springs will be a timeless , vibrant place where Walt Disney World guests and local residents can relax , shop , dine and be entertained in an imaginative setting where they 'll instantly feel at home , " said Tom Staggs , chairman of Walt Disney Parks and Resorts , in a Thursday press release . The new area will feature "  distinctive brands , world-class restaurants and unforgettable entertainment , " Staggs said , "  with the same focus on storytelling and attention to detail that goes into our theme parks , resorts and cruise ships . " Disney Springs , which will be modeled on Florida 's waterfront communities , will feature four outdoor neighborhoods with more than 150 shops , restaurants and other establishments . The four areas will be connected by a spring and lakefront . Construction is scheduled to start in April and sections will open in phases . The project is expected to be finished by 2016 . The largest private single-site employer in central Florida , Disney estimates it will add 1,200 construction jobs and 4,000 operations jobs .	Downtown Disney will become Disney Springs over the next three years The number of establishments will more than double The four "  neighborhoods ' will be connected by a spring and lakefront
