CNN  -- Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels , a former top aide to President George W. Bush , ended his very public flirtation with running for president early Sunday with an e-mail to supporters that narrowed the field of plausible 2012 Republican challengers to President Barack Obama . "  The counsel and encouragement I received from important citizens like you caused me to think very deeply about becoming a national candidate , " Daniels said in the message distributed through the Indiana Republican Party . "  In the end , I was able to resolve every competing consideration but one , but that , the interests and wishes of my family , is the most important consideration of all . " With top Republicans anxious about what many view as the underwhelming state of the Republican field , Daniels was pressed to enter the race by close advisers and former Bush administration officials who worked with him when he served as White House budget director from 2001 to 2003 . Former Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty , who is expected to announce Monday in Iowa that he will seek the Republican nomination , issued a statement Sunday praising Daniels . "  Mitch Daniels is a friend of mine and one of the best governors in the country , " Pawlenty said . "  While he may not be running , he is an intellectual powerhouse and will continue to play a leading role in the party 's politics and the nation 's policies . " Pawlenty also said he and Daniels "  agree that America 's out-of-control national debt is a threat to our nation 's future , and that the next president must restore fiscal responsibility in Washington , DC . " Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a top contender in 2008 , is also expected to run . Former House Speaker Newt Gingrich has declared his candidacy . "  Mitch Daniels is a great governor and a remarkable innovator , " Gingrich said in a statement Sunday . "  Mitch has brought successful reforms to Indiana that should be replicated across the country and in Washington . He will continue to be an important leader in solving America 's problems . " Radio host Herman Cain has declared candidacy as well . Jon Huntsman , who recently stepped down as U.S. ambassador to China and is mulling a White House run himself , said "  Mitch Daniels will be missed in this presidential debate , but his message about the most immediate threat facing our nation -- the massive debt -- will not go unheard . " In his statement , Huntsman said he has "  learned a lot from  Daniels '  leadership " and looks "  forward to working with him to promote long-term solutions " to problems facing the United States . Mississippi Gov. Haley Barbour , a Republican Party powerhouse , said last month that he would not run , and encouraged Daniels to go for it . Indiana Democrats used Daniels ' announcement to knock the Republican contenders . "  We 've disagreed with Mitch Daniels myriad times , but there 's no doubt that his decision not to enter this race is a loss for Republicans , " the Indiana Democratic Party said in a statement Sunday . "  Daniels would have brought a serious tone to a GOP field that 's thus far been characterized by silliness and distraction . " The killing of Osama bin Laden by Navy SEALs in Pakistan gave President Obama 's popularity a big boost . But America 's economic recovery remains sluggish . If it stays weak , some believe , Obama is beatable next year . In considering a presidential bid , Daniels had publicly fretted about his family 's well-being . His dramatic marriage -- he and his wife Cheri divorced , then re-married in the 1990s -- had recently spilled into public view . The famously private Cheri Daniels spoke at a spring fundraiser for the Indiana GOP this month , an event political observers watched closely to see whether the Daniels family was prepared to leap into the presidential fray . Even after the speech , the Indiana first lady said she was "  nervous " about her personal life becoming public fodder . Daniels , too , seemed reluctant to join the race and openly questioned whether he had the desire to survive the long and exhausting marathon of running for president -- indecision that led some observers to dub him "  The Hoosier Hamlet . " "  Maybe I could do that , maybe someone else could do it better , " Daniels said recently when asked whether he wanted to run . It seemed throughout the decision-making process that his advisers and supporters wanted him to run more than he did . "  If I have disappointed you , I will always be sorry , " Daniels wrote in the late night e-mail . "  If you feel that this was a non-courageous or unpatriotic decision , I understand and will not attempt to persuade you otherwise . I only hope that you will accept my sincerity in the judgment I reached . " Daniels , who became Indiana governor in 2005 , would have presented himself as the most fiscally conservative choice among the Republican presidential candidates . He flipped a state budget deficit into a surplus , reduced tax rates and passed a sweeping education reform package in the most recent legislative session . The announcement that Daniels will not run in 2012 comes a week after former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee announced he would not seek the nomination . Huckabee won the first-in-the-nation Iowa caucuses in 2008 and was considered a top contender this time around . Flamboyant television personality and real estate magnate Donald Trump also said this month he would not seek the Republican nomination after appearing to position himself for	NEW : Pawlenty , Gingrich , Huntsman praise Daniels Daniels ` would have brought a serious tone ' to the GOP field , Indiana Dems say Top Republicans are anxious about the state of the GOP field Daniels cites family considerations for his decision
CNN  -- Nordic countries agreed to lend struggling Iceland $ 2.5 billion to help it recover from a series of crippling bank failures , bolstering a $ 2.1 billion aid package from the International Monetary Fund , their governments announced Thursday . Prime Minister Geir Haarde has been trying to drum up support for Iceland 's bailout . "  This is a first step to get Iceland out of its current serious financial and economic situation , " the governments of Finland , Norway , Denmark and Sweden announced in a joint statement . "  The banking crisis in Iceland is of unprecedented proportions and has serious implications for the country 's economy . " The statement follows the IMF 's decision on Wednesday to pump about $ 827 million into the Icelandic economy immediately , with another $ 1.3 billion coming in eight installments . Both moves are aimed at stabilizing Iceland 's finances and shoring up its currency , which plummeted after a series of bank failures in October . Iceland sought IMF help after its government was forced to nationalize three banks to head off a complete collapse of its financial system . Trading on the country 's stock market was suspended for nearly a week , economic growth nearly flatlined and inflation jumped to more than 12 percent . "  As a result , Iceland is facing a severe recession , given the high debt level in the economy and significant dependence of the private sector on foreign currency and inflation-indexed debt , " John Lipsky , the IMF 's acting chairman , said in a statement announcing the decision . The IMF move marks the first time the international lender has had to funnel money to a Western European country in 25 years . Lipsky said Iceland 's highly-educated workers and resource base gives it "  favorable " prospects for long-term growth , but he cautioned , "  The road ahead is difficult . " "  The program is subject to exceptionally large uncertainty and significant risks , reflecting the unprecedented magnitude of the banking sector collapse , " he said . The package requires Iceland to restructure its banking industry , which had grown rapidly since the 1990s , and cut its government debt . "  The work with implementing the IMF program will not be easy , but given appropriate measures , we believe that there is a good basis for rebalancing the economy , " the Nordic countries ' statement read . "  We stand ready to assist Iceland in the spirit of continuous Nordic cooperation . "	Help comes from Finland , Norway , Denmark and Sweden The IMF will pump about $ 827 million into the Icelandic economy immediately The goal is to stabilize the country 's finances and shore up its currency Iceland is facing severe recession after a series of bank failures in October
CNN  -- There was lots of news in the NFL this weekend . Little of it had to do with the pigskin . Domestic violence has dominated professional football 's story lines for weeks , and this weekend saw three star players miss their games because of issues at home . A black cloud hangs over a fourth player as California 's lieutenant governor requested that the San Francisco 49ers bench a defensive end as his domestic violence case navigates the court system . Here is what you may have missed : Ray Rice was initially cleared to play next week , until footage of him brutalizing his then-fiancee in an Atlantic City , New Jersey , hotel elevator surfaced . Once the video was made public , the Baltimore Ravens cut Rice , and the NFL made his suspension indefinite . There are reports that Rice intends to appeal the new punishment . Sen. Amy Klobuchar , D-Minnesota , who joined 15 other women senators in asking NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to institute a zero-tolerance policy for domestic violence , has said it 's "  outrageous " the NFL did n't try harder to obtain the tape . Goodell has said no one in the league office saw footage of Rice striking Janay Palmer until TMZ posted the video online . "  I have a feeling there 's a lot of people that know stuff , what went on here , " Klobuchar told CNN on Sunday . "  I 'm waiting to see if there is a major cover-up . If it shows  Goodell  lies , there could be many factual situations where , in fact , he should step down . " Adrian Peterson turned himself in to authorities in East Texas on Saturday after a grand jury indicted him on felony child abuse charges . He quickly posted $ 15,000 in bail and was released , the Montgomery County Sheriff 's Office said . The Minnesota Vikings star running back , considered one of the best -- if not the best -- in the NFL , missed his team 's game against the New England Patriots on Sunday . State law says an accused person can defend himself against the charge Peterson faces if he can demonstrate he was administering reasonable discipline . While the prosecutor in the case alleges Peterson hurt his child "  with criminal negligence or recklessly , " Peterson 's attorney says his client used a switch to spank his son , thus doling out discipline much like "  he experienced as a child growing up in East Texas . " Greg Hardy was set to take the field Sunday , despite being convicted of domestic violence this summer and facing a jury trial in an appeals court later this year . That changed shortly before game time when the Carolina Panthers announced he would sit out the team 's match against the Detroit Lions . Authorities say Hardy in May choked his then-girlfriend , threw her around , dragged her by her hair and threatened to kill her . He was sentenced in July to 18 months of probation and a 60-day suspended sentence . The 6-foot-4 , 275-pound defensive end says he is innocent and has appealed a guilty verdict rendered by a Mecklenburg County judge in North Carolina , but many observers wondered how Rice could face suspension , but not Hardy . Despite sitting Hardy , the Panthers were accused of reacting to the new climate regarding domestic violence rather than any acting out of any concern about the crime or victim . Coach Ray Rivera acknowledged the changed climate and said in post-game remarks , "  We really do have to get this right . " Sports Illustrated 's Richard Deitsch was not impressed with Hardy 's last-minute benching . "  They ceded to press/public pressure . It was disgrace it took this long , " he tweeted . Ray McDonald had two tackles in the San Francisco 49ers ' Sunday Night Football game against the Chicago Bears , but according to Sports Illustrated , Goodell was not in attendance . Goodell , who often attends stadium openings and was reportedly scheduled to be at Levi 's Stadium for its christening , is under fire for his handling of the Rice case , prompting the women 's rights group Ultraviolet to fly banners over NFL stadiums with the hashtag , #GoodellMustGo . Police were called to a birthday party at McDonald 's home about 3 a.m. on August 31 and determined McDonald had been involved in an altercation with his fiancee , who was 10 weeks pregnant , The Sacramento Bee reported . She showed police minor bruises on her arms and neck , the paper reported . McDonald told CNN affiliate KTVU that "  the truth will come out " after he was released from jail on felony domestic violence charges . California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom asked the 49ers to bench their defensive tackle Sunday , saying the team 's "  continued insistence on playing Ray McDonald during his ongoing criminal investigation is a painful affront to every victim of domestic violence and sends a troubling message to our community and especially our children that ` zero tolerance ' are empty words , not real actions . " CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , Mary Grace Lucas , Candy Crowley , Greg Botelho , Ray Sanchez , Steve Almasy , Kevin Conlon and Holly Yan contributed to this report .	Senator : NFL commissioner should resign if there was a cover-up in the Ray Rice case Adrian Peterson turns himself in , posts bond , claims innocence in child abuse case The Carolina Panthers sit Greg Hardy at the last minute as his jury trial in appeals court looms There are calls for 49ers to bench Ray McDonald , as Roger Goodell misses stadium opening
CNN  -- When it comes to saving money on travel , we all know to check discount sites , follow our favorite airlines on social media and monitor our frequent flier points . But did you know that you can save big bucks just by opening your mouth ? It turns out that some honest-to-goodness human-to-human interaction can help you win discounts on hotel , cruise and flight bookings . We asked four travel experts -- Matt Kepnes of NomadicMatt.com ; George Hobica , founder of AirfareWatchdog.com ; Jaime Freedman of Travelzoo.com ; and Clem Bason , president of Hotwire.com -- for simple questions every traveler should be asking to save money . Their answers , er , questions , are below . 7 gross wonders across America Is there an upgrade available ? Though it may not be in our nature as Americans to haggle or barter for a deal , never feel too shy to request upgrades at airports and hotels . "  Just ask all the time , " says Clem Bason , president of Hotwire.com . "  Ninety-eight percent of people simply do n't ask . The worst answer you 'll get back is no . " Jaime Freedman of Travelzoo.com says , "  I 've seen instances where at the very last second they had business class available , so they offered it as an up-sell incredibly inexpensively . " Budget Travel : Top 10 most-visited cities in the world George Hobica , founder of AirfareWatchdog.com , notes that airlines would rather up-sell you a seat in business or first class at a fraction of the cost than be forced to give away those expensive seats for free to members of loyalty programs . US Airways , for example , runs a last-minute program called GoUpgrades ; beginning 24 hours before your flight , unsold first-class seats can be purchased for Â ¬ between $ 50 and $ 500 depending on the length of the flight . When it comes to hotels , the same policy applies : Ask and you  may  receive . "  Always say what you 're celebrating , " says Freedman . "  Drop that it 's your honeymoon , your birthday . You just never know what kind of little special things a hotel has in store . " If you have kids , she says , ask about a suite upgrade . And if you 're a member of a hotel chain 's loyalty program , Bason recommends asking for waived fees , free parking , kids ' meals , breakfast or Wi-Fi . Travel snapshots : Autumn color around the world Has the price changed for my seat/room ? "  Most people do n't realize that there 's a pretty good chance that a hotel booking is going to go down in price between the time you book it and the time you arrive , " says AirfareWatchdog 's George Hobica . Hotel rooms and airline seats fluctuate in price , so once you 've booked , it  literally  pays to check the price for a ticket or room every day until your vacation . If you see that the price has gone down , call the airline or hotel directly to see what they can do for you . In many cases , you may be able to cancel your reservation and rebook at a lower price . According to a 2011 post by Hobica on AirfareWatchdog.com , airlines like JetBlue , Southwest and Alaska Airlines may offer you a travel voucher for the difference in price . Others , depending on policy , might simply allow you to cancel your flight and rebook at the lower rate . But buyer beware : Change fees can apply to rebooked flights , so be sure your discount is worth it . Budget Travel : 10 places you 'd rather be on a Wednesday Are you running any local deals ? Being savvy with social media can obviously pay off when traveling . Restaurants , spas and museums may use local deal sites -- like Groupon or LivingSocial -- to offer discounts on admission or services . It 's always a good bet to sign up in advance for such websites to begin tracking where deals are occurring in your vacation destination . "  Go where the deal is , " says Freedman . "  More and more companies are starting -LSB- to offer local deals -RSB- as the competition increases . " Do n't know where to start ? Ask your friendly neighborhood concierge , says Bason . This especially applies at resort hotels , he says , where the concierge is likely to have or know about promotions and specials that might not be otherwise advertised . The added benefit is that you get to experience your destination like a local . "  When -LSB- deals -RSB- are sourced locally , it means you 're going to places that are n't designed for tourists , " says Freedman , and are consequently less expensive . Hey , why should locals have all the fun ? Budget Travel : 30 irresistible photos of fall What 's the resident rate ? What you do n't know about booking a cruise can cost you . One hidden savings gem : the resident rate . You may be able to cruise for less if you 're willing to depart from a port in your own state . And with ports of departure now in over a dozen states , you have a better chance than ever before of being able to leave from your home state . If you live reasonably near a cruise port , ask your agent about the rate for in-state residents , which Freedman says cruises offer at a deep discount to increase sales . "  It 's wonderful when you can cruise from home . Basically you 're going on a Caribbean vacation with no airfare . " Freedman notes that while discounts for residents can vary , in-staters may be able to save up to 25 percent on a cruise . In addition , when it comes to cruises , negotiate with your travel agent when you cruise , says Hobica . Agents are offered incentives from the cruise line and can pass that along to you . Do n't be afraid to ask for perks like shipboard credits , which will help you save you on amenities . Is there a tourism card available ? Matt Kepnes of NomadicMatt.com suggests always asking at the tourism office about a city pass . Popular destinations like Paris , London and New York offer passes that include admission to high-profile attractions . Some even include free public transportation or allow you to skip notoriously long lines at tourist hotspots . New York City offers several varieties of passes that allow you to tailor your experience . The CityPass  $ 89 for adults , $ 64 for children  gets you admission to six main attractions including the Empire State Building Observatory , the American Museum of Natural History , the Statue of Liberty , and Ellis Island . You save 46 percent on combined admission -- that 's $ 76 per adult ! Where are you going tonight ? Ok , that question may sound a little creepy . But do n't let that stop you from asking tourism board or visitor center staffers for their own personal recommendations -- not where they send tourists , but where they go themselves . They 'll know where to find the best off-the-beaten-path venues and cultural events , says Freedman , as well as which ones are running deals . When it comes to sustenance , chances are they wo n't point you in the direction of expensive tourist traps . As Kepnes says , "  You 're not going to find New Yorkers eating in Times Square . " Eating at local restaurants or buying at markets the locals use will save you a huge mark-up and give you a more authentic taste of the area . What strategies do you use to trim costs on vacation ? Get the best travel deals and tips emailed to you FREE - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Newsweek Budget Travel , Inc. , all rights reserved .	Ask if the price has changed for your seat or room ; you may receive an adjustment Inquire about local deals from sites like Groupon or LivingSocial Find out about tourism cards that package attractions
For more than a month , a U.S. Marine and Afghanistan war veteran has been held in a Tijuana , Mexico , prison , fighting for his release after being charged with a crime he says he did not commit . Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi said he accidentally crossed into Mexico around 10 p.m. on March 31 with three personal firearms while on his way to meet friends in San Ysidro , California . Tahmooressi , 25 , had recently moved to the area to get treatment for his post-traumatic stress disorder and was "  essentially living out of his truck , " his mother , Jill , told CNN . He is currently being held in the La Mesa penitentiary in Tijuana on a weapons charge and awaits a May 28 court date , according to the Mexican attorney general 's office . "  I accidentally drove into Mexico with 3 guns ... a rifle  AR-15  , a .45 cal pistol and a 12 gauge pump shotgun with no intensions  sic  on being in Mexico or being involved in any criminal activities , " Tahmooressi wrote in a statement of innocence to U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter . "  I have rights to all 3 weapons . They are under my name ... Please help me . " Hunter , a California Republican , is among several lawmakers who have recently begun petitioning for Tahmooressi 's release . Last week , Hunter wrote a letter to Secretary of State John Kerry , urging him to get involved . Also , in a bipartisan congressional letter addressed to Mexico 's attorney general on May 8 , Hunter wrote : "  Mexico 's Attorney General is in a position to deal with Andrew 's case and ensure its quick resolution ... it is necessary that the AG intervene and expedite proceedings at the very least . And so far there 's been no validation from Mexico that Andrew did n't make a directional mistake at the border . " The Mexican attorney general 's office confirmed Tahmooressi 's arrest on a weapons charge but could not offer more details about his case . "  Mother 's Day is Sunday . If I can have my baby home on Sunday , that would be the greatest gift a mother could ever ask for , " Jill Tahmooressi said in an interview from Miami . "  The brutality of being ... unjustly in a foreign prison is worse than any experience I had with him serving two tours in Afghanistan , " she said . "  He was willing to die for his country as a Marine . Where is his country now when he needs it the most ? " It is difficult for the U.S. State Department to quantify how many arrests are due to accidental crossings at the U.S.-Mexico border , a spokeswoman told CNN , but Andrew Tahmooressi 's case is not all that unique . In 2012 , former Marine Jon Hammar was on his way to a surfing trip with friends when he was arrested while carrying an antique shotgun across the Mexican border checkpoint in Brownsville , Texas . His mother told CNN that her son was arrested and held for more than three months even though he had registered his weapon with U.S. Customs and Border Protection agents before his trip . "  The press coverage led to his release , " Olivia Hammar said in a phone interview . "  It 's an illegitimate  court  process  in Mexico  . There 's no oral arguments . You 're guilty until you 're proven innocent . Unfortunately , the only way to deal with that is ... if the  U.S.  State Department is not going to do something about it , then you have to go to the public and force them to do something about it . In our case , that 's what moved things along . " In a daily press briefing this week , CNN asked State Department spokeswoman Jen Psaki about Tahmooressi 's case , but she declined to comment , citing "  privacy concerns . " Meanwhile , Tahmooressi 's family is determined to secure his release . In the weeks since his arrest , they have held rallies across the United States , done media interviews and promoted a whitehouse.gov petition to draw attention to his imprisonment . "  The affect  sic  of this unjust incarceration on a decorated combat Marine is despairing , " the petition said . As of Thursday evening , it had garnered nearly 12,500 signatures , about 87,500 short of the 100,000 required to get a response from the White House .	Sgt. Andrew Tahmooressi says he accidentally crossed into Mexico on March 31 He had three weapons with him and was arrested in Mexico on a weapons charge His mother and lawmakers are urging the State Department to get involved Lawmakers have also written to the Mexican attorney general 's office
CNN  -- A top American envoy was summoned by Pakistan 's new government to protest a U.S. drone strike that killed at least six militants in the volatile North Waziristan province , the Pakistan government said Saturday . U.S. charge d'affaires Richard Hoagland was summoned Friday at the order of Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif and given a letter of protest , the government said . "  Pakistan strongly condemns the drone strikes which are a violation of Pakistan 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . The importance of bringing an immediate end to drone strikes was emphasized , " it said in a written statement . Sharif completes long journey back to power Drone strikes in the tribal regions bordering Afghanistan have drawn heated opposition in Pakistan because of civilian casualties . "  Obviously this is an issue that will be taken up at a higher political level with the American authorities , " Sartaj Aziz , Pakistan 's national security adviser , told reporters Saturday . The issue of drone strikes is expected to be on the top of the agenda when U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry visits Pakistan later this month , he said . The summoning of Hoagland came just two days after Sharif demanded in his inaugural address the U.S. stop its drone strikes . He reiterated the demand Saturday . "  We have protested many a time . This is simply unacceptable , " Sharif said during a meeting with German Foreign Minister Guido Westerwelle , according to Pakistan state news . Sources : Top militant killed in drone strike But U.S. President Barack Obama defended the use of drone strikes last month , stopping short of directly commenting on the strikes in Pakistan . Drone strikes were legal , Obama said , because the United States "  is at war with al Qaeda , the Taliban and their associated forces . " Friday 's drone strike follows a similar strike nearly two weeks ago that killed the Pakistan Taliban 's second-in-command , Wali-Ur Rehman Mehsud . Rehman was wanted by the United States on suspicion of being involved in the December 2009 suicide bomb attack that killed seven CIA employees at Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan , according to a publication by the U.S. National Counterrorism Center . The drone strikes have only served to further roil U.S.-Pakistan relations , which flared following a 2011 raid by U.S. commandos on a compound in Abbottabad that ended with the killing of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden .	U.S. charge d'affaires Richard Hoagland is summoned , Pakistan government says Hoagland was given a letter of protest , it said . "  This is simply unacceptable , " Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif said of the drone strikes
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- A group of anonymous software developers said they will soon start selling a program that will allow iPhone owners to use the hugely popular device on cell phone systems around the world and not just with AT&T . Apple 's iPhone is yet to go on sale outside the U.S. Apple 's iPhone , released in the United States two months ago , was engineered to operate for the first two years only on the AT&T system through an exclusive arrangement between Apple and AT&T . It has not yet been sold outside of the U.S. Los Angeles software consultant Brett Schulte , who is not affiliated with the developers , demonstrated the software for CNN Friday evening . An iPhone that had the new software appeared to work on the T-Mobile system just seconds after Schulte replaced the AT&T SIM card with a T-Mobile SIM card . "  It 's completely software hacked , " Schulte said . "  There 's no case opening required . It 's not required to do any kind of disassembly . " It took Schulte about two minutes to unlock the iPhone . The developers would not give CNN their last names , saying "  We do n't want to be hounded . " The said they would start selling the software , which they have n't yet priced , as soon as their online payment and customer service systems are ready . They 're also waiting for more information from their lawyers . Apple spokeswoman Jennifer Bowcock told CNN her company has no comment . AT&T spokesman Mark Siegel said he could n't speculate on the legality of unlocking the phone , but he added , "  When you sign up , you 're signing a two-year contract . You 're obligated to pay the bill . " "  When people buy the iPhone it 's clear from our materials it 's designed to operate exclusively on AT&T , " Siegel said . Schulte , however , said it is possible to buy an iPhone without being contractually obligated to AT&T . The developers recently created a Web site -- iPhoneSIMfree.com -- but there is very little information on it and no direct way for anyone to purchase the software . Internet records showed they bought the domain name less than two weeks ago . Two members of the group , who identified themselves only as "  John " and "  Liu , " told CNN in a phone interview that a core group of six people on three continents worked to unlock the iPhone as a hobby . They said they are fans of Apple products who thought the iPhone should be made accessible to people who can not use AT&T . "  I 'm not in America and I ca n't use it , " said Liu , who would not reveal the country in which he lives . "  It 's not fair . " Asked if he thought modifying the iPhone was legal , he said "  That 's a very good question . I truly believe it is . " John and Liu said they have not been contacted by either Apple or AT&T , but said that could change the moment their software goes on sale . Earlier this month , a teenager figured out a way to unlock the iPhone , but his method required disassembly of the unit . E-mail to a friend	Software developed enabling Apple 's iPhone to be used on any phone network Device can currently only be used on AT&T network in the U.S. Anonymous developers plan to start selling program soon
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Mandy Moore is getting a license to wed rocker Ryan Adams . Mandy Moore has been with Ryan Adams for about a year . Moore 's publicist confirmed Thursday the 24-year-old singer-actress is engaged to marry Adams , 34 , who is known for producing rock music with a country influence . Spokeswoman Tracy Bufferd gave no details about wedding plans . Rumors first surfaced almost a year ago that Moore and Adams were dating as paparazzi photos surfaced of the couple out together in Los Angeles . Moore 's role as a bride in the 2007 movie "  License to Wed " may help her as she moves toward the altar . The romantic comedy featured Robin Williams as "  Reverend Frank , " who put Moore 's character and her fiance through a "  marriage preparation course " before they could get hitched in his church . Her first success as a recording artist came in 1999 with her debut album , "  So Real , " which went platinum with the help of her top 10 single "  Candy . "	Singer-actress Mandy Moore engaged to rocker Ryan Adams Moore has had top 10 music success , better known for movie roles Adams a prolific singer-songwriter as soloist and with Whiskeytown , Cardinals
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Walking is one of the easiest ways to boost physical activity , but if you 're like me , you probably do n't do enough of it . The Fitbug calculates the steps you take and calories you burn . CNN 's medical show "  Vital Signs " recently launched a Facebook application that lets you share your health resolutions with your friends . I 've pledged to walk more in 2009 , but I have n't made much headway with that goal . Walking 10,000 steps a day is one of the ways many people choose to meet their recommended guidelines for physical activity as set out by U.S. Department of Health and Human Services . I usually love walking , but London 's dreary winter has me seriously lacking motivation . In a bid to get on track , I 've decided to try out a step counter . The Fitbug is a smart pedometer -- it keeps track of your daily steps , and you can upload the stats onto your computer . Will this be the gadget that helps me break out of my winter gloom ? The expert 's view Pedometers have what researchers call a "  short feedback loop , " which means they give you the opportunity to immediately impact the information they relay , according to Dr. Dena Bravata , a senior research scientist at Stanford University . Make a Health Pledge and let your friends support you If you have a goal of walking 8,000 steps and your pedometer shows you 're only halfway there -- you can take a stroll around the block and immediately you 're closer to achieving your goal , she explains . A systematic review she conducted in 2007 on studies about pedometer use showed that participants who used a pedometer increased the number of steps they take per day by more than 2,000 , when compared to people who did n't wear them . While many devices now offer high-tech features like data uploading , any simple step counter can be effective , Bravata says . The key is to maintain a record of your steps and set a specific goal . "  Having a step diary is clearly associated with greater improvements in physical activity . But there is no clear evidence that being able to upload that data makes pedometers more effective , " she says . Read about other health monitoring gadgets My experience Before I can get my Fitbug activated , I have to register it online and download some software . You synch up the Fitbug to your computer via a USB cable . The process if fairly painless and straightforward . I set up a login , am prompted to name my Bug and take a health questionnaire . After that 's completed , I 'm ready to get walking . Despite being described as pocket-sized , the Fitbug is n't exactly sleek . I try clipping it to the pocket of my jeans but find it too clunky and instead settle on keeping it in my bag . I do n't have much time to keep an eye on my daily progress , so it 's a good thing when I receive a text message from Fitbug reminding me to upload my stats . When I do , I 'm fairly surprised at the results . I 've always thought of myself as a fairly active person , but that 's clearly not the case . There is n't one day where I 've broken 10,000 steps . I start to get in the habit of checking my Bug a few times a day and even modify the route I take to work to get some extra mileage in . The verdict I 'd never really thought about how many steps I take each day and it definitely made me aware of how little I move around , especially when I 'm in the office . Although , I wish the Bug was slimmer -- sometimes I 'd forget to tote my bag with me -- so I lost out on some critical steps . I 'm not good about keeping a step diary , so being able to upload my information definitely made life much easier . Plus , the Bug holds your data for up to two weeks before it is overwritten . The device offers many bells and whistles that an ordinary pedometer does n't . It calculates the calories you burn , you can maintain a food log on the site and there are also online forums where Fitbug users can share their stories and questions . But it also costs more than your average step counter . It 's sold on a subscription basis -- for $ 140  or # 84 for members in the U.K.  you get the pedometer and a 12-month subscription . If you have time to make the most of all the special features , the Fitbug is a worthwhile investment . Otherwise , an ordinary pedometer and a notepad will do just fine .	Pedometers are an easy way to increase your level of physical activity . We test the Fitbug to see if it gives our reporter much-needed motivation Sign up for the Vital Signs Health Pledge on Facebook
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Iraq will not grant an operating license to security firm Blackwater Worldwide , an Interior Ministry official said Thursday . Heavily armed Blackwater guards scan downtown Baghdad , Iraq , from a helicopter in 2003 . Ministry spokesman Maj. Gen. Abdul Karim Khalaf said the ministry denied the request mainly because of a September 2007 shooting incident in which security guards employed by Blackwater fired on a crowd and killed 17 Iraqis , according to the government . A U.S. Embassy official in Baghdad , who asked not to be named , confirmed the report . "  We have been informed that Blackwater 's ... operating license will not be granted , " the official said . "  We do n't have specifics about dates . We are working with the government of Iraq and our contractors to address the implications of this decision . " Blackwater has one of the biggest security contracts in Iraq . The U.S. State Department , which contracted the company to protect American diplomats and other employees , is also "  looking at the implications " of the decision , said Robert Wood , the department 's acting spokesman . Wood did n't say what specific plans the State Department has to protect its employees , but he told reporters that State will encourage contractors to abide by Iraqi law , as required under the recently approved U.S.-Iraqi security agreement , and will make sure its personnel are protected . "  We 're formulating how to go forward , " he said . Watch report on Iraq 's refusal to grant license to Blackwater " Wood refused to say whether two other security companies working in Iraq , Triple Canopy and Dyncorp , would take over security operations , but did say those options were being considered . Earlier this month , five former Blackwater security guards pleaded not guilty to charges of voluntary manslaughter and other serious crimes stemming from their involvement in the September 16 , 2007 , shootings in a Baghdad square . A sixth former security guard has pleaded guilty to voluntary manslaughter and attempted manslaughter . Blackwater says its employees were returning fire after they were attacked by armed insurgents , but an Iraqi investigation concluded that the guards randomly fired at civilians without provocation . The company does not face any charges . But the Baghdad incident exacerbated the feelings of many Iraqis that private American security contractors have operated since 2003 with little regard for Iraqi law or life . The indictment of the five men represents the first prosecution of non-Defense Department contractors under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act  MEJA  . The act was amended in 2004 to allow the Justice Department to prosecute such personnel providing services "  in support of the mission of the Department of Defense overseas . " A security agreement approved in December 2008 specifies U.S. civilian contractors will no longer be immune from Iraqi prosecution for crimes committed in Iraq . Iraq has required the licensing of private security companies since 2004 , but the provision was not strictly enforced . Last year , the State Department renewed Blackwater 's contract over strong objections from the Iraqi government . Starting January 1 , the Iraqi government has mandated that all contractors obtain licenses to operate . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this report .	NEW : State Department looking at options for protection of diplomats American security contractor loses right to operate in Iraq 2007 shooting of 17 civilians led to decision , Interior Ministry spokesman says Five ex-Blackwater guards have pleaded not guilty to charges related to incident
The Hong Kong teenager who has become the face of pro-democracy protests in the city ended his hunger strike on Saturday for health reasons . Joshua Wong started the hunger strike on Monday , December 1 , telling CNN it was the "  only way " to get the government to agree to talks . A statement on his Facebook page said that the strike lasted for 108 hours and he ended it on the advice of his doctor . He said he felt "  extremely unwell " and his blood sugar was very low . The 18-year-old activist , who leads a student group called Scholarism , wants open elections for Hong Kong 's next leader , but Beijing has said Hong Kong may only hold elections if candidates are nominated by a small committee . Wong 's hunger strike was seen as an attempt to rally a movement which has shown growing signs of fracture . Protesters have camped more than two months on an eight-lane highway in Hong Kong 's Admiralty district , but the government has shown no willingness to make concessions . The movement 's momentum has sputtered and leaders of different protest groups are split over what action to take .	Hong Kong teenage protest leader ends hunger strike Joshua Wong said it was "  only way " to get government to agree to talks Strike was seen as an attempt to rally a flagging movement
CNN  -- Yemen told outside powers Wednesday to stay out of its battle with a Shiite rebel group in its northwest amid concerns that Iran and Saudi Arabia are being drawn into the conflict . The statement , carried by the state news agency Saba and attributed to a Foreign Ministry source , followed a statement of concern for Yemen 's "  national unity and territorial integrity " by Iranian Foreign Minister Manouchehr Mottaki on Tuesday . "  We welcome what Mottaki affirmed about Iran 's position towards Yemen 's unity and stability , and Yemen reaffirms that it definitely rejects the interference in its internal affairs by any party , " the statement said . It said Yemen 's battle with the Houthi , a Shiite Muslim rebel movement , is "  an internal Yemeni affair , and Yemen can solve its issues without any interference from others . " Battles between Yemeni government forces and rebels have raged intermittently for five years , and government troops launched a new offensive in late summer . Saudi Arabia , Yemen 's northern neighbor , turned its air force against suspected Houthi rebels last week after it said the rebels had crossed into Saudi territory . The Houthi claimed that the airstrikes occurred within Yemeni territory , a claim both the Saudi and Yemeni governments denied . The persistent fighting has raised concerns that Yemen -- where U.S. officials say al Qaeda is attempting to establish a new foothold in the region -- could be the stage for a proxy struggle between Shiite-dominated Iran and the Sunni-led Saudi monarchy . Yemen says the conflict is about reasserting government authority and is not a sectarian war . Yemen has accused Iran of supporting the rebels . A Yemeni government official told CNN on Tuesday that Yemen 's navy was "  on the highest state of alert " after an Iranian boat was captured near Yemeni and Saudi territorial waters last week . In Washington , however , a senior State Department official told CNN that although the U.S. government is concerned about the Yemeni conflict it does not see any sign of an Iranian hand in the Houthi revolt . The State Department has been in touch with the Yemenis and Saudis about the need to reduce tensions but is yet to be convinced that Iran is involved in Yemen , the official said . The United Nations has expressed alarm over the fighting and said there has been a "  significant increase " in the number of people displaced in recent weeks . The U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees estimates as many as 175,000 people have been affected by the conflict since 2004 , U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq said Tuesday . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Yemen battles with Shiite rebels in its northwest Iran foreign minister expressed concern for Yemen 's territorial integrity Saudis launched airstrikes against rebels
CNN  -- On Wednesday , at the glittering Emirates Palace hotel , in front of a who 's who of the United Arab Emirates , the front page of the world 's newest daily broadsheet was unveiled . The world 's newest daily newspaper Editor-in-chief , Martin Newland , former editor of the U.K. 's Daily Telegraph newspaper , showed the new Abu Dhabi paper off to an audience which included Crown Prince Sheikh Mohammed bin Zayed . "  The National " has been designed in the style of a British broadsheet and aims to give the capital of the United Arab Emirates a public voice . It has an editorial team of 200 -- including a host of former Daily Telegraph employees hired by Newland -- which is the largest working on an English-language daily in the Middle East . Among Newland 's new staff is Bill Spindle , former corporate finance editor of the Wall Street Journal , who is business editor . Former Daily Telegraph Paris correspondent , Colin Randall is executive editor of the paper . "  Abu Dhabi is about to have a national daily newspaper , and I hope and believe that it will be a very good one , " he wrote on his blog francesalut.com in the run up to the launch . The paper 's breadth of coverage is indeed impressive -- the first edition included 20 pages of business , arts , news and sport . "  It is a late stage of my career to be participating , for the first time in the thrill of launching a national newspaper . "  If truth be told , it is also a late stage in the career of newspapers themselves for an event of this kind to be occurring . I can not imagine many parts of the world where anyone would think of embarking on such a project , " Randall continues . "  The National " is owned by an investment fund controlled by the Abu Dhabi government -- one of the richest governments in the world -- and it is yet another expression of the ambitiousness of the federation 's plans for the future . In spite of the grandness of the launch , there is no obvious business case for a new daily in Abu Dhabi . Fewer than 500,000 adults with English as their mother tongue live in Emirate and there are already five daily newspapers catering for this section of the market . In fact , the most obvious gap in the market is for a popular newspaper aimed at Hindi speakers . Press freedom is another issue that is lurking under "  The National 's " shiny new veneer . In the run up to the launch , editor Newland glossed over the issue of editorial freedoms in the state-owned broadsheet . Sheikh Mohammed 's presence at the launch is a sign of his backing and insiders say he wants a newspaper that reports on a federation-wide basis and is prepared to challenge official complacency wherever it exists . But it is impossible to say that "  The National " is independent . A paper that can fearlessly criticize government policy in the federation is still a long way in the future . E-mail to a friend	"  The National " the Abu Dhabi-based national broadsheet launched Wednesday Martin Newland , former Daily Telegraph editor is the paper 's Editor-in-chief It is owned by the Abu Dhabi government and backed by Sheikh Mohammed The Emirates already has five daily newspapers catering to English speakers
CNN  -- Torontonians love Rob Ford . His brother ? Not so much . Ford , the crack-smoking , wise-cracking , scandal-soaked mayor , coasted to an easy win on the Toronto city council Monday night . His brother , Doug Ford , who ran for Ford 's old job as mayor -- lost . Rob Ford decided not to run for re-election as mayor after he was diagnosed with a malignant liposarcoma , a rare and aggressive cancer . The cancer , doctors said , spread from the fatty tissue of Ford 's abdomen to other parts of his body . He tapped his campaign manager and brother , Doug , to run for mayor in his place . On Monday night , Rob Ford won the Ward 2 city council seat , with 58.9 % of the votes . His brother lost the mayoral race to John Tory . Fall from grace Rob Ford 's fall from grace , if you can call it that , began in May 2013 with the release of a cell phone video that appeared to show him smoking crack cocaine . The Toronto city council largely stripped him of his mayoral powers months later over those and other allegations of bad behavior . Ford did n't back down , though , instead vowing "  outright war " on the city council . The mayor apologized for "  a lot of stupid things , " including having used crack cocaine , but he refused to resign or enter rehab . In fact , despite all the criticism and his becoming a punchline for jokes in Canada as well as the United States , Ford launched a bid for re-election . This past spring , after a local newspaper reported on a new video that allegedly showed him smoking crack cocaine , Ford relented on one front : by going into rehab . He returned to work in late June after a two-month rehab stint , saying he was "  ashamed , embarrassed and humiliated " by some of his past actions . But he refused to resign or refrain from campaigning , saying to the voters of Toronto , "  I look forward to serving you for many , many more years . " Ford 's term officially ends December 1 . Rob Ford has aggressive cancer CNN 's Greg Botelho and Steve Almasy contributed to this report .	Rob Ford 's brother loses the mayoral race Ford is battling liposarcoma , a rare and aggressive cancer He apologized for "  a lot of stupid things "
CNN  -- Mohamed ElBaradei , who is said to be a candidate for Egypt 's interim prime minister following a military coup , has been regarded as an outsider in his native land because of his international achievements as a diplomat and co-winner of the Nobel Peace Prize . An above-the-fray image hurt him when he unsuccessfully ran for president last year in the country 's first democratic elections following the 2011 ouster of despotic President Hosni Mubarak . At the time , ElBaradei was a Johnny-come-lately to the long grind of ground-level politics . As if to prove naysayers wrong , ElBaradei stayed in the fight for Egypt 's post-revolution government , and he endured as a reformer , becoming an opposition leader . Mohamed ElBaradei : Fast Facts Now ElBaradei could possibly land deep inside Egypt 's power structure , in the nation 's capital where he was born 71 years ago . His political party 's claim Saturday -- that ElBaradei was chosen to become interim prime minister -- was contradicted later in the day by a spokesman for Interim President Adly Mansour , who said a decision had yet to be made . "  I hope I 'll be the Ã © minence grise , " ElBaradei told CNN this week , with a measure of laughter . "  I 'm getting on with the years ... and I think I 'll be much more effective . "  As a lawyer I want always to be within the bounds of constitutional legality but ... we still are between a rock and hard place , " he continued . "  Either you risk a civil war -- and we have quite a few of them around us -- or , as I said , take extra-constitutional measures to ensure that we get the country together . " Like his father , ElBaradei studied law , earning a bachelor 's degree at University of Cairo . He then left the country , traveling as a diplomat . By 1974 , he earned a doctorate in international law from New York University , and a decade later , he joined the International Atomic Energy Agency -- which proved to be a brilliant career move because it eventually led him and the agency to share the Nobel Peace Prize in 2005 . ElBaradei served as chief of the atomic agency for 12 years . He and the agency won the honor for their work to curb nuclear proliferation . As director general of the IAEA , he even challenged President George W. Bush 's claims that Iraq had a nuclear weapons program before Bush ordered a coalition-supported invasion of Iraq in early 2003 . With those international laurels , ElBaradei was among those who successfully pushed for the ouster of Mubarak after 30 years as president . Still , ElBaradei was considered an above-it-all technocrat who was viewed as an unlikely presidential candidate , though he did join anti-Mubarak protests in Egypt despite receiving death threats . He had no official protection during his participation in those protests . ElBaradei was reportedly placed under house arrest by Egyptian authorities , but he defied a government curfew and went to Cairo 's Tahrir Square to join protests in January 2011 . The next month , Mubarak stepped down . In March 2011 , ElBaradei announced he was running for president , and 10 days later , thugs attacked his car , keeping him from voting in a constitutional referendum . The next month , he returned to his first love -- diplomacy and atomic weapons -- and published a book , "  The Age of Deception : Nuclear Diplomacy in Treacherous Times . " The publisher 's blurb states that "  ElBaradei takes us inside the nuclear fray , from behind-the-scenes exchanges in Washington and Baghdad to the streets of Pyongyang and the trail of Pakistani nuclear smugglers . He decries an us-versus-them approach and insists on the necessity of relentless diplomacy . " If that was a campaign strategy , it did n't work : In January 2012 , he quit the presidential race . In an example of how politics can make for strange bedfellows , ElBaradei then criticized the interim military government -- the same military that has now put him in power -- for failing to bring about "  a real democratic system . " It 's clear now , however , that ElBaradei has the attention of Egypt 's generals .	Mohamed ElBaradei was born in Cairo 71 years ago , but has been viewed as an outsider He traveled as a diplomat and chief of International Atomic Energy Agency He unsuccessfully ran last year for president in first elections since revolution He endured , however , as an opposition leader
CNN  -- More than 2,100 registered North Carolina sex offenders were found on the social networking site MySpace , the state attorney general 's office said Tuesday . North Carolina bans sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members . In response to a subpoena from state Attorney General Roy Cooper , "  MySpace turned over the names , IP and e-mail addresses of 2,116 convicted North Carolina sex offenders found on its social networking Web site , " Cooper 's office said in a written statement . Cooper has requested similar information from Facebook , another popular social networking site , the statement said . MySpace has told North Carolina authorities that the sex offenders it identified have been removed from the site . North Carolina 's State Bureau of Investigation is sharing the sex offenders ' information with all 100 sheriffs in the state , Cooper 's office said . "  It 's no secret that child predators are on these Web sites , " Cooper said in the statement . "  Turning over information about these predators to law enforcement helps , but MySpace , Facebook and other social networks need to do much more to protect kids online . " North Carolina passed a law last year banning sex offenders within the state from social networking sites where children are members , making it a felony offense . Sex offenders on social networking sites is not a new issue . Last month , Newsweek magazine reported that Facebook said it had removed 5,585 convicted sex offenders from its site between May 2008 and January 2009 . MySpace also announced it had removed 90,000 sex offenders in a two-year period , the magazine said . Last June , the Texas attorney general 's office said it had arrested seven convicted sex offenders who violated their parole conditions by creating MySpace profiles , according to an article on the TechNewsWorld Web site . Cooper and Richard Blumenthal , Connecticut 's attorney general , for more than three years have led a group of attorneys general in working to make social networking safer , Cooper 's office said . The group is pushing social networks to use technology such as age and identity verification to better protect users who may be children . After discussions with the group , MySpace became the first social networking site to develop technology aimed at finding and removing sex offenders , the North Carolina statement said . Cooper is pushing Facebook to take similar steps . But , Cooper 's office said , "  the information provided by MySpace does not include sex offenders who have not been convicted , are not registered or may be using aliases on the site . Cooper remains concerned about other sex offenders on the site who may be lying about who they are , and is continuing to ask MySpace to do more to protect children on the site . "	Site provided names , IP and e-mail addresses of offenders it found , AG says Similar information requested from Facebook networking site , he says MySpace says that sex offenders it identified have been removed from site North Carolina officials sharing sex offenders ' data with all sheriffs in the state
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Nearly 150,000 homes were without drinking water Monday after the worst floodwaters in 60 years swamped large areas of western England . Flooding has caused widespread disruption across the country with further regions braced for more floods . British military and rescue workers battled to save a major electricity substation on the outskirts of Gloucester , England , that serves about 500,000 homes . About 1,000 Royal Navy personnel were building an emergency barrier to keep the Walham substation from flooding . Their efforts have been successful so far , the Gloucestershire Constabulary Emergency Services said Monday evening . Some 50,000 homes were already without electricity before the substation was threatened . Two major rivers -- the Thames and the Severn -- are well above their normal levels and may burst their banks , according to authorities . Watch as Britons brace for more flooding " Britain 's Environment Agency warned water levels could rise further to a "  critical level " and issued nine severe flood warnings across the country . The worst affected areas are the counties of Gloucestershire , Herefordshire , Worcestershire and Oxfordshire , which had more than 5 inches  12.5 cm  of rain in barely 24 hours . More rain is forecast , and the risk of flooding is increasing as floodwaters work their way into the river system . In the historic city of Gloucester , the River Severn is expected to burst its banks later Monday . The river is already nearly 15 feet  5 meters  above its normal level for this time of year and close to breaching its banks . See residents walk through flooded streets and homes " Electricity and water supplies in and around the city are already cut to many residents , after a water treatment plant and electricity sub-station were flooded . The city of Tewkesbury is also flooded -- video from the area showed dozens of cars and homes under several feet of water . Officials said it would be at least 48 hours before they could gain access to the Mythe Water Pumping Station in Tewkesbury to return water supply to 70,000 customers in Tewkesbury , Gloucester and Cheltenham . "  There is no doubt this unprecedented situation has been testing for each and every one of the emergency services and our partner agencies , " said Gloucestershire Chief Constable Timothy Brain . "  I must pay tribute to the marathon effort being made to prevent the situation from worsening and to support those affected by the flooding , loss of power , loss of water and other consequences of this extreme situation , " he said . Hundreds of people in the worst affected areas have been plucked to safety by helicopters of the Royal Air Force and boats . Further north in Evesham , the River Severn is more than twice its normal width . So far this month England has had nearly two-and-a-half-times its normal rainfall . Prime Minister Gordon Brown visited Gloucester -- and promised to mobilize resources from across the country . He also announced increased funding for flood and coastal defenses across the country . "  Like every advanced industrialized country , we are coming to terms with the issues surrounding climate change , " he said . The prime minister described the flooding as unprecedented , and brushed aside criticism of his government for the quality of flood defenses and a slow response to the crisis . "  I think the emergency services have done a great job , " he said . "  I am satisfied people are doing everything they can . " The wet weather for much of June and July across England and Wales has also affected crops . Farmers are predicting low yields and higher prices -- with several crops due to be harvested in the next month . Insurance companies are expecting claims worth hundreds of millions of dollars because of flood damage . More than 2,000 people spent Sunday night in emergency accommodation and the Royal Air Force and coastguard helicopters airlifted hundreds to safety in one of Britain 's largest peacetime rescue operations . "  I 'm afraid to say that I do n't think we have seen the peak yet , " John Harman , of the Environment Agency , told BBC radio . "  All this water that we have seen ... is now into the river system . Even though the rain has eased off a bit ... it 's the water in the rivers now that constitutes a threat . " E-mail to a friend	Flood waters in parts of England at 60-year highs UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown pledges more funds to tackle floods Tens of thousands of people without water and electricity Environment Agency issues nine severe flood warnings
CNN  Joe Paterno could soon regain his title as the winningest coach in major college football history . The 112 Penn State victories that the NCAA voided -- 111 of them Paterno 's -- when it sanctioned Penn State University following the Jerry Sandusky scandal are likely being restored as part of a proposed settlement with the NCAA . Penn State 's board of trustees unanimously approved it , and now the NCAA and a judge will have to accept the settlement . The settlement is part of a lawsuit filed by Pennsylvania state Sen. Jake Corman . The suit began as a way to force the $ 60 million fine money the NCAA levied on Penn State to stay within the state of Pennsylvania , but it became a way to give Penn State supporters a place to legally challenge the validity of the sanctions . Among them , the most controversial , was the loss of Paterno 's wins between 1998 , when the first report of abuse against then-assistant coach Sandusky was made , to 2011 , when Sandusky was charged with abusing 10 boys , many of them on campus . Sandusky was convicted in 2012 of abusing the victims and is serving a 30 - to 60-year sentence , which means he will probably spend the rest of his life behind bars . The same year , Paterno died at age 85 . Penn State paid Paterno 's estate $ 5.76 million after his death "  Today is a great victory for everyone who has fought for the truth in the Sandusky tragedy , " the Paterno family said Friday in a statement . "  The repeal of the consent decree and the return of the wins to the University and Joe Paterno confirm that the NCAA and the Board of Trustees acted prematurely and irresponsibly in the unprecedented sanctions the NCAA imposed on the University , the players , coaches and the community . " Paterno , who was fired days after Sandusky was charged , still has many supporters who believe he was wronged by the university 's harsh reaction to the allegations against Sandusky . But at least some of Sandusky 's victims disagree . Marci Hamilton , a Philadelphia attorney who represents some of them , said it 's another example of protecting the powerful over the vulnerable . "  At least the money is still going to be used for the benefit of survivors in Pennsylvania . Powerful institutions involved in child sex abuse scandals are typically more concerned about their leaders ' pristine reputations  regardless of what they have done  than money . This settlement follows the trend , " she said in an email to CNN . Howard Janet , lawyer for another victim , said in a statement : "  Any effort by Penn State officials or others that implies the NCAA 's action suggests the University had no responsibility for the molestation of adolescent boys by the defensive coordinator of its football team -- which often took place in team showers -- is ludicrous . " According to a statement from the Penn State board of trustees , in addition to restoring 112 wins the proposed settlement would dedicate the $ 60 million to helping victims of child abuse and to preventing such abuse . Another Philadelphia attorney , Tom Kline , who represented victims including one who was assaulted after administrators were informed of allegations in 2001 , said : "  Penn State institutionally has demonstrated significant good faith in the past two and half years , and deserved real relief from the overbearing sanctions to which it previously agreed -- especially relating to the $ 60 million fine . "  But , we must not lose sight -- in between the chants of ` restore the wins ' and ` restore the statute ' pertaining to strong feeling relating to  the late  Joe Paterno , that the remaining issue is the individual accountability of the administrators in charge when Jerry Sandusky was enable to commit his horrible acts on young boys . " Three administrators , including the former president and former athletic director , have been charged with covering up some of Sandusky 's crimes . Prosecutors allege they knew about at least two incidents reported to the university , but lied about it before a grand jury . When Penn State hired an independent investigator to look into what happened , the investigator found that Paterno was also part of a coverup , creating a divide among Pennsylvanians and provoking a visceral response from his family and supporters who maintain he was not aware that Sandusky was a pedophile . That independent report , done by former FBI director Louis Freeh , was what the NCAA relied on when it sanctioned the university . Dottie Sandusky , Jerry Sandusky 's wife , issued her own statement , again insisting her husband was innocent . "  I am thankful that a small but significant part of this great injustice has been rectified with the restoration of Joe Paterno 's win record . Joe and Penn State did not cover anything up because there was simply nothing to cover up , " she said . "  Hopefully , as the media 's false narrative continues to unravel , more people will realize this obvious reality . " The 112 victories include all of Paterno 's 111 wins at the school in those 14 seasons , plus the team 's last victory of 2011 , by which time Paterno had been fired over the Sandusky scandal . Before those wins were vacated , Paterno had amassed 409 victories in 46 seasons at Penn State , the most of any major college head coach . CNN "  s Sara Ganim contributed to this report .	In aftermath of Jerry Sandusky scandal , NCAA voided 112 PSU wins , 111 of which were under Joe Paterno A proposed settlement would restore those wins Paterno family : "  Today is a great victory for everyone who has fought for the truth in the Sandusky tragedy "
September 4 , 2014 Featured this Thursday on CNN Student News : The Ebola virus leaves behind ghost towns in parts of West Africa , President Obama travels to Estonia ahead of a NATO summit , we explain why ISIS is causing so much concern among world leaders , and a modern photographer describes capturing a reunion of the Little Rock Nine . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
CNN  -- One year ago , the enemy that had haunted America for nearly a decade met his end in Abbottabad , Pakistan . Osama bin Laden is no longer a threat to the United States because of President Obama 's leadership and strong national security policies . Good intelligence practices and surgical counterterrorism operations enabled us to kill 20 of al Qaeda 's top 30 leaders , including bin Laden . This is an accomplishment by any measure . We have diminished al Qaeda 's strength , so for the sake of our economic and national security , we should decrease our military presence and bring our troops home from Afghanistan as soon as is safely possible . The American people agree . According to the latest New York Times/CBS poll , more than two-thirds of Americans think that the United States should no longer be at war in Afghanistan . The president 's plan started by withdrawing 10,000 U.S. troops from Afghanistan between June and December 2011 . The 33,000 "  surge " troops assigned in 2009 are scheduled to leave Afghanistan by this summer . We will continue the troop drawdown until 2014 when , if all goes according to plan , a strengthened Afghan force and NATO troops will maintain peace . But with our core mission of decimating al Qaeda in Afghanistan accomplished , is the continuing military presence until 2014 worth the cost ? More than 1,900 Americans have died in Afghanistan , and more than 15,000 have been wounded . Attacks with improvised explosive devices increased last year and have caused a surge in double amputees . A recent study found that one in four Afghanistan and Iraq veterans were diagnosed with post-traumatic stress disorder between 2004 and 2009 . Unlike the United States ' adversaries of the 20th century , al Qaeda is a mobile force that is not confined by borders . According to CIA reports , in 2010 there were fewer than 100 al Qaeda fighters in Afghanistan . Clearly this small number does not warrant our large-scale troop presence there , which peaked at 100,000 last year . The justification that we should stay in Afghanistan to prevent al Qaeda 's return is unconvincing . Al Qaeda operates in lawless states , such as Yemen and Somalia , with relative ease . But it makes no sense to put tens of thousands of boots on the ground in those countries . Since our enemy is not limited by borders , why do we continue to put the lives of our brave troops at risk and spend billions of taxpayer dollars to secure one country ? Communities nationwide feel the financial effects of keeping our troops in Afghanistan . Republicans are demanding drastic domestic spending cuts that are hurting people here at home . At the same time , the proposed budget for the war in Afghanistan for 2013 is $ 88 billion . The annual cost to support one U.S. soldier in Afghanistan is more than $ 1 million , according to the Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments . That figure would employ about 35 Americans here at home through federal infrastructure spending . Instead of spending billions on a war that is not making us safer , we could better advance U.S. national security by providing greater support to people in Middle Eastern countries fighting for freedom and democracy . Supporting their democratic aspirations and protecting their human rights , not just with words but also through bold actions , is the surest way to turn back anti-Americanism and terrorism in the region . Congress should support President Obama in making these changes . The opinions in this commentary are solely those of Keith Ellison .	Keith Ellison : Two-thirds of Americans think it 's time to take U.S. troops out of Afghanistan We accomplished our mission , he writes : Bin Laden , al Qaeda leaders are dead The cost of troops in Afghanistan takes away from U.S. communities , he says Ellison : The funds are better spent supporting Mideast democracy movements
CNN  -- If you can pay for your bills online ; why not pay for your sins ? "  I 'm not in a drive-through business , " says Atlanta priest Ricardo Bailey , with parishioner Kim Schulman . Already a repository for too much information from bloggers divulging their every intimate thought , the Web recently extended its reach into territory the church once dominated . Tens of thousands of the guilty among us are visiting confessional booths at ivescrewedup.com , mysecret.tv and dailyconfessions.com and unburdening themselves anonymously . As priests report a steady decline in sinners showing up to confess in person , according to a Georgetown University study , and parishes across America staff makeshift confessionals in malls with rotating priests , the guilty are repenting online . On camfess.com , a woman admitted , "  I do n't think my boyfriend is cute . " If God is checking his e-mail , He might see the "  ask for forgiveness " form you completed on forgivenet.com . Absolution is also available on YouTube , where videos of members of XXX Church , a team of pastors based in Michigan , discuss their unholy addiction to porn . Admissions on Christian church-operated sites such as ivescrewedup.com and mysecret.tv range from shoe shopping addictions  "  I ca n't stop . They are all so pretty "  to extramarital affairs  "  I 'm not sure whether I should tell my wife "  to criminal acts  "  I have stolen about $ 15,000 when working for a family member "  . The majority of confessions , signed with initials and young ages , are descriptions of shame and guilt associated with sex . Confession 2.0 is a place where anonymity is a substitute for privacy and the intimacy traditionally experienced by talking to a priest , therapist or friend is replaced by a virtual community of strangers . Among the Web site managers CNN spoke with , none has professional counselors monitoring confessions . "  This is a new genre of confession , " said Massachusetts Institute of Technology professor Sherry Turkle , who has researched cyber relationships and interviewed people who post confessions online . "  They have said to me , ` This is where hope is for me . ' They think they can find on these sites some kind of goodness that eludes them in real life . " But people who seek something more than their words on a Web site are often disappointed , said Turkle , who 's also a psychologist . Most sites do not invite or allow responses to messages , although grouphug.com allows posters to vote "  hug " or "  shrug " in response to confessions . "  Some responses are empathetic and kind ; others are n't so nice , " Turkle said . "  The expectation of what you can get out of these sites far exceeds what some ultimately get , and that , in its own way , can be harmful . " "  What these sites say to me is what are we are increasingly missing in our lives : a sense of community and real , tangible connection with other people , " Turkle said . "  Community " should have a broader definition , said the Rev. Bobby Gruenewald of Oklahoma-based LifeChurch.tv , an evangelical consortium of 13 churches that launched mysecret.tv in 2006 . "  This might be the first time some of these people are opening up about not just secrets in their life , but things they have felt embarrassed about for many years , " he said . About 30,000 people have posted "  secrets " on mysecret that are linked to categories such as "  lust , " "  cheat , " "  steal " and even "  beastiality . " When the site was featured on AOL 's homepage , more than 1.3 million people clicked on it in a single day , he said . LifeChurch members monitor messages , deleting those that are , in their view , too graphic or fabricated . As on ivescrewedup.com , which is also run by a large church , IP addresses are not tracked . If someone posts a confession of a criminal nature -- someone who says they enjoy child porn or they 've committed murder -- there 's not much the site managers can do about it . A recent message on ivescrewedup.com reads : "  I have killed four people . One of them was a 17 year old boy . " "  We suspect that is a soldier , " said the Rev. Troy Gramling of South Florida 's Flamingo Road Church , which launched ivescrewedup.com last year . "  We do n't want to track IP addresses , because that would compromise the authenticity of a site that says it 's anonymous . " The churches ' phone numbers are on their sites , both pastors note . "  We 're hoping that if they want to reach out and give their name or talk to someone , they will , " Gruenewald said . The Georgetown University study , which came out in 2005 , found a significant decline in Catholics who go to confession . Although the Roman Catholic Church officially opposes online confessions , the Archdiocese of Washington used radio advertisements last year to encourage sinners to return to the sacrament . And in Chicago , Illinois , five parishes hosted "  24 Hours of Grace " with rotating priests . Read more about the sacrament known as confession " But the Web does not offer a road to "  true absolution , " said Father Ricardo Bailey of Holy Spirit of Atlanta , Georgia . "  I 'm not in a drive-through business , " he said . "  Confessing means you 're taking accountability for the things we 've done wrong , that you understand the impact you 've had on other people . "  As a priest , we ask people questions , we tell them to approach the person or persons they 've wronged , " Bailey said . Online confession "  is another way for people to avoid taking responsibility . " Holy Spirit parishioner Kim Schulman , 38 , called online confession "  horrible . " "  It 's easy to send an e-mail without emotion or remorse . ... Tone is hard to see in an e-mail , " she said . "  How do you know that people are n't lying , doing it for the shock value , someone trying to outdo the confession before them ? " But Gramling said online confession is not meant to replace traditional confession . "  Just because confessions do n't go directly to God through a priest or a church does n't mean they are n't sincere , " he said . "  And there 's something healing about just going on the site and reading it , seeing all these other confessions . Some people might realize , ` Maybe I 'm not alone . ' " E-mail to a friend	Web sites such as ivescrewedup.com invite people to "  confess " online Confession 2.0 is a place where anonymity is a substitute for privacy Georgetown University study shows decline in people going to church to confess "  Confessions " on sites range from sad to funny to criminal
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Michael Jackson traveled with what amounted to a mini-clinic and an anesthesiologist who used a surgical anesthetic to put the singer to sleep after shows during his "  HIStory " tour , sources close to Jackson told CNN just days after his death . But Paul Gongaware testified Friday that he never saw indications Jackson used drugs or traveled with a doctor when he managed that tour in 1996 and 1997 . What Gongaware knew -- or did n't know -- about Jackson 's drug use is a key issue as the Jackson wrongful death trial enters its sixth week Monday in Los Angeles . The co-CEO of AEG Live -- the concert promotion company being sued by Jackson 's mother and children -- returns for a fifth day of testimony Monday . The Jackson family contends AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's 2009 death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter . Gongaware was the top producer of Jackson 's comeback concerts when the singer died of an overdose of the surgical anesthetic propofol . It was Gongaware who negotiated the deal to pay Dr. Murray $ 150,000 a month to be Jackson 's physician for the "  This Is It " tour . Jackson lawyers argue that Gongaware should have known the hazards of hiring the doctor because of his personal experience with Jackson -- and his work with other artists , including on Elvis Presley 's last tour . AEG Live lawyers contend their executives had no way of knowing that Murray was using propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia because the singer was very good at keeping his "  deepest , darkest secret . " "  AEG knew nothing about this decade-long propofol use , " AEG Live lawyer Marvin Putnam said in his opening statements . "  They were a concert promoter . How could they know ? " What killed Elvis ? It 's a question at Jackson 's death trial Gongaware , under questioning by his own lawyer Friday , testified that he only became aware that Jackson was addicted to painkillers when the singer made a public announcement after his "  Dangerous " tour abruptly ended so he could enter rehab in 1993 . He was a manager for the "  Dangerous " tour , but only handled logistics and did n't travel with Jackson then , he said . His job on the second half of the "  HIStory " tour , however , carried more responsibilities and he worked closely with Jackson , he said . Gongaware testified that he saw "  no indication at all " that Jackson was using drugs during that tour . "  I would be certain to notice it if that was the case . " Did Jackson have a doctor treating him during the "  HIStory " tour , his lawyer asked . "  Not that I know of , " he answered . In fact , Jackson was "  sensational " on stage , performing 10 to 12 shows a month , he said . Unlike in the "  Dangerous " tour , he never canceled a show because of his health . "  He only missed one , " he said . "  That was when Princess Diana died . He heard about the accident , went to bed , woke up , found she passed away and it affected him deeply . " But an interview that Jackson gave to Barbara Walters weeks after Diana 's death could help Jackson lawyers refute Gongaware 's claim that no doctor traveled with the singer during the tour . Walters asked Jackson about how he learned the news that his friend , the princess , had died . "  I woke up and my doctor gave me the news , and I fell back down in grief and I started to cry , " Jackson said . "  That 's why the inner pain , the pain in my stomach and in my chest , so I said ' I can not handle this . It 's too much . ' " Promoter grilled about ` smoking gun ' e-mail Jackson 's statement that a doctor was at his bedside when he woke up the day of a scheduled "  HIStory " show in Belgium is not the only evidence he did have a physician on the tour . Dr. Neil Ratner , an anesthesiologist from New York , has acknowledged that he traveled with Jackson during part of the tour . He was at Munich , Germany , in July 1997 when a stage collapsed and Jackson suffered a back injury . It was two months before Diana 's death . Dr. Ratner declined to talk about his treatment of Jackson when CNN 's Dr. Sanjay Gupta confronted him outside his Woodstock , New York , home in July 2009 , although he did confirm that Jackson had trouble sleeping . "  It 's really something I do n't want to talk about right now , " he told Dr. Gupta . A source who was close to Michael Jackson told Gupta in 2009 that when Jackson had trouble sleeping that Dr. Ratner helped "  take him down " and "  bring him back up . " Ratner , who was convicted of insurance fraud and stripped of his license to practice medicine for three years in 2002 , is on the witness list for the trial and has been questioned in a deposition by each side . Debbie Rowe -- Jackson 's former wife and the mother of his two oldest children -- will testify that she assisted in administering propofol to Jackson in the 1990s when she was a nurse , AEG Live 's Putnam said on the opening day of the trial . AEG exec called Jackson ` freak ' before signing concert contract "  She saw several doctors put Mr. Jackson to sleep in hotel rooms while on tour , " Putnam said , including in Munich , London , Paris . But Gongaware and others did not know , he said . "  The truth is Mr. Jackson fooled everyone , " Putnam said about Jackson 's propofol use . "  He kept those who might have helped him at a distance and no one knew his deepest , darkest secret . " Jackson 's ability to keep his private side private meant AEG executives could not see any red flags warning of Jackson 's destruction , Putnam said . "  They did n't see this coming , " he said . "  They had no idea . " Putnam said Jackson family members -- including Janet and her famous siblings -- will testify about their failed attempts at intervention and their lack of knowledge about what was happening . "  If they did n't know what was going on , how could someone else think there was even a problem , " he said . But Jackson lawyers will argue that Gongaware , who closely watched expenses on the "  HIStory " tour because it was losing money at one point , would have noticed spending on hotel rooms and fees for a doctor traveling with the tour .	AEG LIve Co-CEO Paul Gongaware faces more grilling in Michael Jackson death trial Gongaware worked closely with Jackson on "  HIStory " tour He was the top producer of Jackson 's comeback tour Jackson lawyers say Gongaware was aware of Jackson drug use
CNN  -- An Idaho man has been charged with assaulting a minor after he allegedly uttered a racial slur and slapped a 2-year-old boy who cried on a Delta plane as it began the final descent into Atlanta , court papers show . Reached by phone Friday , Joe Rickey Hundley of Hayden , Idaho , declined to comment to CNN and referred inquiries to his attorney . The attorney could n't be immediately reached for comment Friday . Delta Air Lines is cooperating with the federal investigation into the altercation between two passengers , spokesman Paul Skrbec said . "  We apologize for any inconvenience this caused for the passengers onboard , " he said . Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' The boy 's mother , Jessica Bennett , 33 , of Minnesota told the FBI that she and her son were seated in row 28 , seat B , on February 8 on Delta Flight 721 that originated in Minneapolis , according to an FBI agent 's affidavit filed in U.S. District Court in Atlanta this week . The boy began crying because of the altitude change , and his mother tried to soothe him , court papers said . Then Hundley , who was seated next to the mother and son , allegedly told her to "  shut that  'N word '  baby up , " according to court documents . Hundley then turned around and slapped the 2-year-old in the face with an open hand , which caused the child to scream even louder , the affidavit said . The boy suffered a scratch below his right eye , court papers said . Other passengers on the plane assisted Bennett , and one of them heard the slur and witnessed the alleged assault , the affidavit said . The plane landed at Atlanta Hartsfield Jackson International . The charge of simple assault on someone under age 16 carries a prison sentence of one year , court papers said . Hundley has since been suspended from his job pending the investigation . "  We understand that authorities are investigating the recent behavior of one of our business unit executives while on personal travel . The allegations are disturbing and are contradictory to our values , " said Al Haase , president and CEO of AGC Aerospace & Defense , Composites Group . In 2007 , Hundley pleaded guilty to a misdemeanor assault charge filed in Virginia , according to court records . Kid-free ` Quiet Zones ' launched on airline CNN 's Marlena Baldacci , Dave Alsup and Carma Hassan contributed to this report .	Delta Air Lines apologizes "  for any inconvenience " caused by "  altercation " Mother tries to soothe crying 2-year-old son as Delta flight descends into Atlanta Man beside them allegedly says "  shut that  'N word '  baby up , " court papers say He then allegedly slaps the crying boy in the face with an open hand , papers say
CNN  Dear Mother Nature , I wanted to write you a quick note to say thank you . I was delighted to hear that you are not only sending a storm to the Northeast , but a "  historic " storm with 58 million people in its path . Schools are closing , flights are canceled and a state of emergency has been declared . People are racing to the supermarkets as if a zombie apocalypse had arrived . Milk ! Bread ! Flashlights ! Candles ! Batteries ! A blizzard is coming ! Thank you , Mother Nature . We needed this . I grew up in Western Michigan , where there was nothing as good as a snow day . And we got a lot of them , thanks to the "  lake effect " snow coming off Lake Michigan . It was a day to sleep in , relax in front of the fire , head outside to play in the snow , bake cookies , help with the shoveling and drink lots of hot chocolate . And boy , we could all use this . I 'm sure you 've noticed : Every year it seems that we are all working harder and our schedules are busier . Finding time to just relax with our families and do next to nothing is next to impossible . And for those of us with kids in school , even when we can take a personal day we usually use the time to get errands done and race the kids from one activity to another . "  Quality time " becomes riding in the car together . And I know we just had the holidays , but these are not the same as a snow day , where you ca n't go anywhere , you ca n't do much of anything outside and you are usually stuck inside with your the immediate family . Here , suddenly , is your excuse to slow it down -- read a book , work on a DIY project , bake something complicated , play a board game or just feel bored . Snow days are for those simple pleasures you 'd feel too guilty dedicating an hour to any other day . That 's why I 'm also begging you , Mother Nature , could you please knock out the power for several hours too ? Make sure the lights are out long enough that the batteries die on the cellphones , iPads and laptops . Make it so neither kids nor parents can look at a screen , check in to work ... or even put in a full day telecommuting . This is hard to stop unless we are forced to . Studies suggest that the average working professional spends almost 30 % of the day answering and processing emails . That 's 82 work days a year dealing with email ! Just how out of control are we ? The Internet is already filling up with articles about how to "  maximize productivity " during the storm and tips for ignoring your kids so you can stay connected to work . Listen , we already work too much . That 's why the electricity needs to go out . We need a snow day . It 'll also make selling the Monopoly marathon to the kids much easier if I 'm not competing with Minecraft and "  Gossip Girl " reruns . And if this drags on for a few days , maybe we 'll reach out to our neighbors , band together and get creative with the meals . We can all go to sleep early ... and then sleep in . Which brings me to another nice thing about losing power : It 'll make a family sleepover a necessity . We 've noticed that none of our kids want to sleep up in their rooms when there 's no power ; they want to be with us . Five people in one bed is n't going to fly , so building a sleep fort and camping out in the living room , now that 's some solid family time . To be sure , massive snow storms are not all fun and games . They can be dangerous , even deadly for the elderly and the homeless . Check on your older or disabled neighbors ; for some of them a power outage is an opportunity for disaster . I pray every one will be safe , stay indoors and seek help early if they need it . But for the many of us , getting snowed in with nowhere to go is a much-needed break from our insanely busy lives . The years are flying by . Who knows how many more snow days we have left to enjoy . So , thank you Mother Nature , for sending a "  historic " storm our way . I hope we all take the opportunity you 've given us to unplug , crack open the board games and for one day , truly savor the weather , the day and the time doing nothing much at all .	Mel Robbins : Thanks , Mother Nature , for a snow day to stop working , veg out and have family time She says if power goes out , better still ; kids , parents get break from screens , play board games or out in snow
CNN  -- It was a moment vividly depicted in the movie about her life : 7-year-old Helen Keller , holding one hand under a water pump as her teacher spelled "  W-A-T-E-R " into her other hand . The statue of Helen Keller will be "  a wonderful addition " to the National Statuary Hall , one expert said . In that moment , Keller , an Alabama native who lost her sight and hearing to illness as a toddler , understood that meanings were hidden in the manual alphabet shapes her teacher , Anne Sullivan , had taught her to make with her hands . The moment was shown in the play -- later made into a movie -- "  The Miracle Worker . " On Wednesday , a statue commemorating her 1887 breakthrough will be unveiled in the U.S. Capitol 's National Statuary Hall , the first statue in the Capitol of a person with a disability , as well as the first of a child , according to the Alabama governor 's office . "  It 's always good to realize how much of an impact people with disabilities have made on the history and landscape of our country , " said Nancy Starnes , director of external affairs for the Washington-based National Organization on Disability . "  I 'm excited that they 're going to be doing this . I think it 's going to be a wonderful addition . " In 1997 , a Franklin Delano Roosevelt memorial that opened near the National Mall drew complaints from disability advocates because its statue of the former president , who had polio , did not show Roosevelt in a wheelchair . In 2001 , former President Clinton unveiled an addition to the memorial including a new statue of the four-term president sitting in a wheelchair . Keller , born in Tuscumbia in northwest Alabama , learned to speak at the age of 10 by putting her hands on Sullivan 's mouth when she talked . She eventually graduated from Radcliffe College , then the women 's branch of Harvard University , and became a prolific author and speaker who was endowed with numerous honors , including the Presidential Medal of Freedom . She died in 1968 . Since 1864 , each state has been allowed to place two statues in the Capitol . In 2002 , Congress changed the law to allow states to change their statues . Then-U.S. Rep. Bob Riley , now Alabama 's governor , suggested that the state place a statue of Keller , and the state Legislature passed a resolution asking Congress to accept a statue of Keller as a gift . "  Helen Keller was an extraordinary Alabamian who showed us the power of a determined human spirit can overcome any obstacle , " Riley said in a statement issued by his office Monday . "  The remarkable moment at the water pump , so vividly captured by this statue , will inspire countless others and remind them there truly are no limits to what people can accomplish . " A committee , with Alabama first lady Patsy Riley as honorary chairman , raised private donations for the statue and selected Utah bronze sculpture artist Edward Hlavka to create the piece . The 600-pound statue is made of bronze with a base of Alabama marble , Riley 's office said . "  I hope we will continue to acknowledge that disability does n't equate with inability in this country , " Starnes said . She said there are many opportunities each year , such as Women 's History Month , to recognize those with disabilities . "  Disability really is an overlay over any discussion about people in this country , " she said . "  It 's just time to take it off the shelf that 's labeled ` special . ' " Andy Imparato , president and CEO of the American Association of People with Disabilities , noted that the statue will be seen by schoolchildren visiting the Capitol . "  She was a real pioneer , as a woman , as a person with a disability , as an educator , " he said of Keller . "  We see it as helping to raise awareness that people with disabilities can do anything , and our history as a movement is a lot longer than some people assume . " Keller 's statue will replace one depicting Jabez Curry in the Capitol Gallery . Curry was a Georgia native who served as president of Howard College , which later became Samford University in Birmingham . The Curry statue , which has represented Alabama in the Capitol since 1908 , is being sent back to Alabama for display at the university . The other statue representing Alabama in the Capitol is of Joseph "  Fightin ' Joe " Wheeler , a Confederate general during the Civil War who , three decades later , volunteered to serve in the Spanish-American War at age 62 and attained the same rank in the U.S. Army . He was the only one of 425 Confederate generals to do so , according to a biography posted on the Fort Sam Houston Museum 's Web site . His statue was donated by the state in 1925 , Riley 's office said .	Statue will be first in Capitol of a child , as well as a person with a disability Helen Keller statue depicts moment she began to learn language Governor : Statue will show there are "  no limits to what people can accomplish " Since 1864 , each state has been allowed to place two statues in the Capitol
It 's the kind of anxiety you feel when a Category 5 Hurricane is hurtling your way . You ca n't gauge with certainty what will fall in its path , what will remain in its aftermath . You board up . And wait . That 's the way much of Ferguson feels as it waits for the St. Louis County grand jury to decide whether Officer Darren Wilson should stand trial in the shooting of Michael Brown . The grand jurors technically have until January , but the prosecutor 's office has said a decision could come in mid-November . It 's mid-November . Lawyers , analysts and journalists have been speculating on when it will be announced . Residents of Ferguson , however , are done with all that for the most part . It has been a long calm before the impending storm . "  We just want them to get it over with " is a common refrain . They saw street demonstrations erupt after Brown 's killing . They saw how violent things became . They watched heavily armed police come face to face with angry protesters demanding justice . So did the rest of the nation , and the world . Ferguson became a flashpoint for racial tension . Some predict that will be the case again when the grand jury 's decision is announced . Will the white police officer face any charges in the death of a black , unarmed 18-year-old ? Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency Monday as a precaution in the event of unrest or violence . Along West Florissant Avenue , the ground zero of violent protests , businesses put back the plywood boards they had taken down from their windows and doors . Business owners were tired of answering questions about how they had fared through the weeks and weeks of tension . "  How do you think we are doing ? " asked Dan McMullen , owner of Solo Insurance Services on West Florissant . "  I just want to get this over with and move on , " he said , sitting at his desk behind the boarded-up entrance to his strip mall office . He said some protesters came in wanting to leave flyers with information in his office . "  I told them to get the hell out . You broke my windows and now you want me to put out your literature ? " Ferguson Mayor James Knowles told local media this month that he expected demonstrations across the region and warned authorities to "  prepare for the worst . " Your view from Ferguson ` We 've had three months to prepare ' St. Louis Police Chief Sam Dotson said Tuesday that his officers are ready for whatever happens . "  We 've had three months to prepare . ... Acts of violence will not be tolerated , " he told CNN . "  Our intelligence is good . Our tactics are good . We can protect lawful people and at the same time arrest criminals . " Area school superintendents wrote a letter to city officials and authorities requesting that they announce the grand jury 's decision on an evening or weeknight so it does n't affect about 20,000 students traveling back and forth to schools . Many parents received notice to fetch their children from school if the decision comes out earlier in the day . A group of community members calling themselves the Do n't Shoot Coalition has asked for 48 hours ' notice before the ruling is made public . It also released 19 "  Rules of Engagement " that touch on major points of contention between protesters and police . The group wants assurances that neither police nor the government will interfere with the flow of information , as well as a guarantee that police wo n't use rubber bullets , armored vehicles , rifles or tear gas . The group also requested that officers wear attire "  minimally required for their safety " and that "  specialized riot gear be avoided except as a last resort . " Dry runs in cold weather In the St. Louis area , protesters have been staging dry runs on how to face police . And continuing their demonstrations . Despite below-freezing temperatures Monday , about 100 activists disrupted lunchtime traffic in the nearby city of Clayton . Brown 's shooting on August 9 also touched a national nerve , with protests decrying racism and police brutality taking place around the country since his death . The Ferguson National Response Network expects that reaction to the grand jury ruling will not be limited to the St. Louis area . It has set up a Tumblr account advertising about 70 "  planned responses " to the ruling . They will take place from West Palm Beach , Florida , to New York to Chicago to Los Angeles . Brown 's supporters have turned out in force , but Wilson 's supporters have demonstrated on occasion as well . They point to witness testimony and leaked grand jury documents that suggest Brown might have attacked Wilson , struggled for his gun and perhaps even charged the officer after the tussle over the weapon . McMullen , the insurance company owner on West Florissant , said that protesters have made this into a racial issue but have ignored the facts of the case . "  There is no way a police officer in America would just get out of his car and shoot someone for no reason , " he said . Protesters are aware of the other version of events , but it does n't stem their anger . Many told CNN in August that other witnesses allege Wilson shot Brown at least six times as he stood about 30 feet from Wilson 's police cruiser . The fatal shots were fired as Brown had his hands up in surrender , they believe . Perhaps stoking the most anger is that all six shots hit Brown above the waist , leading community members to believe Wilson never had any intention of arresting the 18-year-old . Images of Brown 's body lying on the street went viral through social media . Where he once lay is a makeshift memorial -- half on the sidewalk and half on Canfield Drive , in the middle of the road , exactly where Brown fell . Snow blanketed the hundreds of stuffed animals and plastic flowers as kids bundled up in jackets and scarves made their way home from school Monday afternoon . A lone videographer rolled his camera in front of the QuikTrip gas station that was looted and burned on the first night of violent protests . Everyone was keenly aware that something like that could happen again . At any moment . Complete coverage in Ferguson	St. Louis police chief says "  acts of violence will not be tolerated " Grand jury weighing evidence to determine if Officer Darren Wilson will face charges Wilson fatally shot Michael Brown , an unarmed teen , in August , setting off protests Governor has declared state of emergency ; mayor has told police to prepare for worst
San Diego  CNN  -- When the worlds of federal bureaucracies and public schools collide , what results is often a teaching moment for all involved . The Obama administration has unleashed two Cabinet departments to get tough on teachers and other school personnel who -- through so-called "  zero tolerance " policies -- often refer disciplinary cases to police . What concerns folks at the Justice and Education departments is that African-American and Latino students might be singled out for suspension and other forms of discipline , in ways that could amount to outright racial and ethnic discrimination . Their proposed solution is called the Supportive School Discipline Initiative , which seeks to limit student suspensions and expulsions and provide "  alternative best practices such as restorative justice , peer mediation and positive behavioral supports . " The initiative was unveiled in 2011 . But last week , the administration went so far as to lay out specific guidelines for states and even individual school districts . The administration will propose $ 50 million in grants to more than 1,000 schools to train teachers and staff in strategies aimed at improving student behavior and improving the climate of schools . Upon hearing all this , memory takes me back to a junior high school in a small , largely Mexican and Mexican-American farming town in Central California , where I found myself , in the years after college , trying to support my writing habit by working as a substitute teacher . I had a long-term assignment , about three months , teaching a "  special education " course that was being misused as a dumping ground for rowdy and disruptive kids with behavioral problems . Almost all the kids in the class were Hispanic . The regular teacher , a 60-something woman with a kind disposition and white hair , was in poor health and on a prolonged absence . One day , I was looking for a lesson plan in the teacher 's desk and ran across some diary-like notes that the teacher had written -- probably in case she needed them someday . Her problem kid was an angry 13-year-old Hispanic young man named "  Martin . " They apparently had a running conflict , and , one day , the teacher had scribbled down in her notes : "  Martin called me a white @ # $ % & , and said he was going to hurt me . " Welcome to the real world of public schools in America , which bears no resemblance to what they teach you at schools of education or university-run teacher credentialing programs . When students such as Martin act up or get out of line , they have to be disciplined . They have to get in trouble , pay a price and be taught that they simply ca n't go through life disrupting their environment and threatening authority figures . We can debate what the punishment should be , but there have to be consequences . No "  if 's , " "  and 's " or "  but 's . " It 's for his own good . Let 's say you give him a pass . What 's going to happen the first time he 's on the street and mouths off to a cop ? Also , note the part about how Martin allegedly called this nice , elderly woman "  a white @ # $ % & . " From my experience , that 's also very common . We 'll hear advocates for students talk about how teachers sometimes harbor prejudices against students , and there is no doubt that this is true . But we do n't hear much about what happens when the shoe is on the other foot . Go into any inner-city high school in America , and you 'll hear African-American and Hispanic students using racial slurs when talking about teachers and administrators . It goes with the territory . This is n't to say that there is n't any discrimination in the doling out of school discipline , or that this is n't a subject worthy of more study . They might well be , and it certainly is . Yet , this initiative could also backfire on the administration by micromanaging our schools , undermining the authority of teachers and teaching African-American and Latino students to see themselves as victims . Besides , throwing two Cabinet departments at the problem is a serious case of overkill . How is this for a new approach ? If we really want to help students who get in trouble , why do n't we stop meddling in the schools and start dealing with those societal factors -- such as poverty , despair and broken homes -- that help these young people get into trouble in the first place ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Obama administration has targeted "  zero tolerance policies " He says there is evidence that school discipline is meted out in discriminatory way Putting two Cabinet departments on the issue is overkill , Navarrette says Navarrette : Micromanaging our schools is a risk and could erode authority of teachers
CNN  -- "  Hi I 'm Mindy Grossman . I 'm a mom , a wife , the CEO of HSNi but most of all I 'm a disruptor . " Mindy Grossman has been the driving force behind making the Home Shopping Network both hip and profitable , by bringing in celebrities from Jessica Simpson to P. Diddy and boosting sales dramatically . Digital sales now account for approximately 45 % of HSNi 's  HSN and Cornerstone  total revenues , according to Forbes . CNN 's Isha Sesay finds out how she did it and what inspires her . Upbringing Isha Sesay : You did n't study fashion , so how did you get into this business ? Mindy Grossman : I probably have one of the most unconventional career paths ever . My parents married young but were n't able to have children so my father 's boss in the produce business lent them the money to adopt me . I felt a real responsibility to be the first one to go to college , and the first one to be successful . I grew up very fast , I took things very seriously . I graduated high school at 16 and went to college , determined to be an attorney . I also got engaged very young , at 19 . But when I was in my last semester of senior year of college I realized I was leading someone else 's life and I was n't really recognizing things that were inside me that were really important . Creativity and curiosity and really experiencing things . I moved to New York and was offered a job working for a company called Manhattan international . It was a menswear conglomerate at the time , working for the president of their international division . I was 20 . Early on I was told I could do anything I wanted to do . It was n't an issue being a woman or not coming from a wealthy family , and that is what always inspired me . The vision IS : How was it perceived when you first joined HSN in 2006 ? MG : It was definitely an interesting time . I spent the first 18 years of my career in the menswear industry . When I started polo jeans , which was my startup experience , and then I went to Nike , so those were somewhat difference transitions . When it was announced that I was leaving Nike , to go to what at the time was called IAC retail , it was n't exactly looked at as aspirational . IS : But why was it so attractive to you ? MG : Because I had seen the world changing . I had the opportunity to be traveling globally , to Japan to China , Latin America . I saw the wave of growth of mobile interaction in Japan that was n't even glistening here at that time . How people were interfacing with brands . How technology was going to change things , how content was becoming power . So I knew that there was something there and I thought this could be part of it . I was at home watching HSN , keeping an eye on the competition but I 'm also food network lover . I remember my husband saying "  what are you doing " and I said "  I 'm trying to see what 's gon na click " . All of a sudden I saw Wolfgang Puck -- who was engaging and entertaining and he was n't selling . He was inspiring and engaging customers and they wanted to buy his product because of that . The next day I went and had lunch with Chairman Barry Diller at the Four Seasons and kind of laid out this vision . And what 's wonderful , in pure Barry fashion he was like , go forth . And you know - I jumped in . IS : Do you shop at HSN ? MG : I 'm going to tell you the truth . My husband once burst out laughing and I said what 's so funny . He said you just got a letter from yourself for being one of the best customers at HSN ! IS : How much do you buy ? MG : I think I might be one of , if not the biggest jewelry customers . I believe that the reason that I really understand our consumer is I AM her . I love the thrill of it , I love discovery , I love the story behind what I 'm buying . You can walk with me in my home and I will tell you the story of where I found that chair and how I found that chair and every single piece . The celeb factor IS : Part of the reason for your success has been you attracting major celebrities and their brands and bringing them to HSN . Why has it done so well ? MG : One of the things that we said early on is if we 're going to have credibility in this idea of editorial program commerce , we need every one of the individuals that come to HSN , they have to have a great product , a great story and be a great storyteller . It 's about the story , so if you look at our recent 100 Foot Journey or Maleficent with our Disney partnership , those are things that can transport people they can feel they 're part of that journey and then they can be inspired to want the product , and that 's what we 're trying to do . The challenges IS : What are some of the challenges you 've faced in your time here ? MG : The challenge was getting people to embrace the new , and dealing with being dismissed . It hurts because you take it personally , but it makes you stronger . I 'll never forget when I first went to some fancy cocktail party in New York , somebody said asked what I did , and I said i was the CEO of IAC retail and we have HSN , and they go  whispering  "  I 've shopped on HSN " and I go , "  Why are you whispering ?! " But it was a very sobering experience and one that really , reinforced my belief of how to behave , as a leader as an individual . Inspire : Actress who became NASA 's ` secret weapon '	Mindy Grossman is the CEO of a TV shopping network She changed people 's view of home shopping with celebrity endorsements She cites risk taking and being your own customer as keys to her success
CNN  -- Have you ever wondered what on earth your wedding planner or florist was talking about when he or she used the word "  dragee " or "  grosgrain " ? Before you get started with your planning , read our glossary of wedding terms to see what you need to know and brush up on before your big day . You 'll be a wedding expert in no time ! Fondant A hard frosting made of sugar and water that 's mixed together , cooked , and cooled . Like buttercream , it is traditionally used on wedding cakes . Dragees Chocolate - and candy-covered almonds that are often served at wedding receptions or given out as favors . In many cultures , they represent fertility ! Place Setting The table service for a single diner : a napkin , salad fork , dinner fork , dessert fork , service plate or charger , soup bowl , bread-and-butter plate , butter spreader , dinner knife , teaspoon , soup spoon , water goblet , red wine glass , and white wine glass . Martha Stewart Living : The New Bridal Shower Rules  Toilet Paper Dresses and Awkward Icebreakers Not Included ! Charger A large decorative plate that 's placed under the dinner plate to bring color and texture to the table . Tablescape Another word for table arrangement or centerpiece . It 's most often used when each table has multiple components . Martha Stewart Living : 7 Old-School Wedding Rules You Can Break Escort Cards Printed cards that inform guests of what table they 'll be seated at . They are typically displayed as guests enter the reception , or at cocktail hour . Martha Stewart Living : Common Wedding Traditions and Superstitions You 've Never Heard Before Place Cards Printed cards that are placed at each seat at the reception to let guests know which chair they will be sitting at . Stationery Suite A term to describe all of the stationery , including the save-the-dates , invitations , reply cards , reception cards , and any other invitation enclosures . Martha Stewart Living : 21 Gorgeous Engagement Rings of Real Brides Vellum Heavy , transparent paper that is often used as an overlay on wedding invitations . It can also be used for a variety of other things , including these favor boxes . Martha Stewart Living : Kate Bosworth 's Wedding : Behind-the-Scenes Photos Grosgrain A silk or silk-like fabric with a ribbed appearance . It 's often used in trims , belts , and handle wraps -- like the one pictured above . Martha Stewart Living : Blake Lively and Ryan Reynolds Got Married , Their Exclusive Wedding Photos Dyeables Shoes or fabric that can be dyed to match a specific color swatch . Any wedding terms you 'd like explained ? Let us know in the comments below .	Planning a wedding entails learning a whole new vocabulary . A full place setting involves 14 different items , including silver , glass , china and linen . Know the difference between an "  escort card " and a "  place card " ? Vellum is n't just for invitations ; it can be crafted into boxes and decor as well .
CNN  -- It 's a beautiful spring morning in Florida . I 'm standing next to my shiny new road bike on the side of a road , weeping . Passers-by probably assume that I 've taken a tumble from said bicycle . They 're wrong . So why the tears ? It 's simple : I feel completely out of control . When I was chosen as a member of the CNN Fit Nation Six-Pack I was thrilled . But almost immediately the fear , doubt and worry set in . In fact , my exact words to Dr. Sanjay Gupta were , "  I 'm so excited and a little bit terrified . " I soon settled into my new fitness routine . Each workout was challenging and , for the most part , served to build my confidence . I was running longer without breaks , I was swimming faster and I stopped falling over on the bike . Three months later I boarded a plane to Clermont , Florida , to meet up with my teammates and coaches for a week of intense triathlon training . The schedule was ambitious , leaving me physically exhausted at the end of each day . But Coach April knew we could rise to the occasion , and we did so repeatedly during the week . A few days into training , we tackled our first group bike ride . For me , this was the first time riding in traffic , and I was anxious . I was paired with Denise Castelli , a Fit Nation alumnus , and we fell into place at the back of the pack . When we took a right and headed onto the main road , I freaked . There was no paved shoulder . We were riding on the white line , and I had to trust that drivers would n't plow into me . I was focusing on cycling , clipping in and out of my pedals and following Castelli as close to that white line as possible . Then she asked me to pass her so that she would bring up the rear . My brain just shut down . For the first time in my training , the voice telling me , "  You ca n't do this " was simply too loud to ignore . I pulled over and wept . Instead of my usual optimism and tenacity , I was consumed by fear and the foregone conclusion of failure . I was terrified of how close the passing cars felt and how fast they seemed to be zipping by me . I did n't trust the drivers to see me , and I did n't trust in my cycling ability to be able to stay out of harm 's way . I had pushed past the boundaries of my comfort zone , into a place where I lacked control . That is not a place I 'm used to visiting , let alone taking off my coat and staying awhile . There were other challenges for me during the week of training . Do n't get me wrong ; I had some amazing successes and workouts that just clicked . But there were times that the sentiment , "  What did I get myself into ? " reverberated in my mind . I quickly realized that my fear of losing control was jeopardizing my triathlon goal . Worse , it was robbing me of the joy of my journey . Nope , not going to happen on my watch . So here 's what I 've learned : 1 . I 'm not alone . There is a ton of literature indicating that the fear of losing control is a prevalent issue . The toll that living in such a heightened state of fear , anxiety and stress can have on a person is also well-documented . A quick glance at a list of common phobias , such as fear of flying and enclosed spaces , reveals that a perceived loss of control is the root of most fear . Knowing I 'm not alone prevents wasting energy wondering , "  What is wrong with me ? " and instead focuses me on changing my perspective . 2 . Desiring control is wanting certainty in an uncertain world . Folks with this fear are usually perfectionists . I need to accept that no one is capable of controlling the future . To break out of the anxiety-filled cycle I have to give up the notion that I have some superhuman level of control . 3 . Accepting that I ca n't completely control the future does not mean that I stop taking responsibility for my actions , decisions or thoughts . I can control my attitude . I can choose to rise to the challenge and genuinely try my best and be proud of that regardless of the outcome . I can make the best choices given the information I have at the time , understanding that nothing is certain . So how do I quit the control cycle ? I have to be brave . I have to have courage that I am doing my best with the tools I currently possess and that will be enough . At the beginning of this journey , my friend advised me to "  lean into the fear " of triathlon training . That sentiment rang true during my time in Florida . I 'm proud to say that these hard-won lessons have served to galvanize my resolve . I returned from Florida more determined , more committed , more courageous . My first week back , I squeezed in two extra swim workouts and a yoga class in addition to my regular training load . And I have enjoyed every minute of it ! The joy has returned to my journey , and I do n't plan to let it get away from me again . I know that when I cross that finish line in Malibu , it wo n't be the capstone to a perfect race because there is no such thing . But it will be my race . And that will be more than enough . Follow McMahon on Twitter @TriHardTabitha	Tabitha McMahon was pushed out of her comfort zone on a training trip Letting go of control was hard , but McMahon was n't going to let fear rule her life McMahon is n't alone -- many people have a hard time giving up control
San Bruno , California  CNN  -- California Sen. Barbara Boxer demanded answers Saturday to questions about why a gas transmission line ruptured in a suburban San Francisco town , triggering a massive fire that killed four people and left five people missing . Accompanied by state and federal officials , Boxer toured blocks of the charred neighborhood in San Bruno that now looks like a war zone . The Democratic senator saw firsthand the intensely hot fire 's wrath : melted cars , burned out skeletons of houses . At a news conference later , she said it was hard to put into words how a beautiful neighborhood almost disappeared . "  Many questions must be answered by all of us whose job it is to protect our people , " Boxer said . "  What was the cause of this blast of course , first and foremost ? " she asked . "  Were there reports that there were odors escaping from the pipeline ? If there were those reports , what actions took place in response to those complaints ? Were emergency systems such as water supply up to the task ? Was the gas flow shut down as quickly as possible ? Does danger lie in similar pipelines in populated areas ? " Lt. Gov Abel Maldonado said he has written a letter to the California Public Utilities Commission , seeking information on gas pipelines across the state , including their age , inspection dates and records . New remains were found in the debris left by the large fire , Steve Firpo , a city spokesman , said on Saturday , though he could not immediately confirm whether they were human . He had initially told CNN two more bodies were found . San Bruno Police Chief Neil Telford said five people were still missing . Residents packed a town hall meeting later Saturday , seeking answers from public officials about when they can go home and other rebuilding and compensation issues . Pacific Gas and Electric President Chris Johns said the company has been scouring phone records and so far , there is no evidence that complaint calls were placed . Nor was there evidence , he said , that utility crews had been in the area Thursday , the day of the blast . Firefighters were able to fully contain the blaze Friday , but federal and state investigators had not yet determined the cause . "  We are not hear to determine liability or blame , but we are here to determine the cause of the accident , " National Transportation Safety Board  NTSB  Vice Chairman Christopher Hart said . Hart said the 30-inch natural gas pipe was installed in 1956 . "  We have seen that piece of pipeline that was blown away , and it is really quite amazing to see this huge piece of pipeline blown the distance it was blown , " he said . Hart said investigators will look closely at the pipe 's welding and whether the pipe properly emitted an odor that may indicate a gas leak . There have been allegations of a smell in the neighborhood at least a week before the blast . Officials have identified three of the dead . Rescue workers initially feared the death toll would climb higher as they combed through the smoldering scene with cadaver dogs . Jacqueline Greig , 44 , and her 13-year-old daughter Janessa were killed , San Mateo County Deputy Coroner Michelle Rippy said . A third victim was identified as Jessica Morales , 20 . Another 52 people were injured , including three patients who were taken to the hospital with third-degree burns and four firefighters who suffered from smoke inhalation . Boxer assured those affected by the fire that state and federal authorities would do all they could in ensuring recovery . "  We must leave no stone unturned , " she said about getting assistance to the devastated community . Some residents remained in shelters and watched the harrowing drama unfold on television in a Starbucks or other restaurants at the Bayhill Shopping Center . Patty Blick did not know whether to laugh or cry . Anger , she told CNN iReporter Brad Bailey , has not yet set in , even though she watched her entire block burn to the ground and her home of seven years vanish into ashes . Blick was still worrying about some of her neighbors . She did n't know whether they were lying in a hospital or whether they had escaped unscathed . Outside in the parking lot , food and other donated items piled up as San Bruno residents chipped in to help their neighbors . One person even left a baby stroller . The NTSB investigation will include analyzing many aspects of the blast and its aftermath , Hart said , including the history of the pipeline , the training and performance of its operators , emergency response and injuries sustained . Employees involved in operating the pipeline have been tested for drugs and alcohol , he said . The fire destroyed 37 homes and damaged eight , California Emergency Management Agency Secretary Matthew Bettenhausen said . Those numbers were considerably lower than the estimate of roughly 170 homes that NTSB 's Hart originally said were affected by the blaze . Companies operating natural gas transmission pipelines reported an average of one death per year from 2004 to 2008 , a February report from the Congressional Research Service . Carl Weimer , head of the watchdog group Pipeline Safety Trust , told CNN that , unfortunately , when it comes to pipelines , for most of the public it 's "  out of sight , out of mind . " "  I 'm betting in San Bruno most people did n't even know the pipeline was under their neighborhood , " he said . Weimer noted that there can be multiple causes for a pipeline failure , including unintentional excavation-related damage and , more often , age and corrosion . CNN 's Dan Simon contributed to this report .	NEW : Lieutenant governor seeks information on pipelines NTSB is looking closely at a section of pipe Sen. Barbara Boxer tours the charred neighborhood in San Bruno Authorities identify three of the known dead
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Five active and three retired officers of the New York Police Department are among 12 people charged Tuesday with conspiring to transport and distribute firearms and stolen goods , according to federal authorities . "  A group of crime fighters took to moonlighting as criminals , " Preet Bharara , U.S. attorney for the Southern District of New York , said at a press conference . The defendants are charged in an alleged conspiracy to transport and distribute untraceable firearms across state lines . and conspiracy to transport supposedly stolen and counterfeit goods including cigarettes from Virginia and slot machines from Atlantic City , New Jersey . The criminal complaint accuses the defendants of participating in the illegal transportation of goods with a street value estimated at more than $ 1 million . The charges stem from an extensive undercover investigation that began in 2009 , conducted by FBI and investigators from the NYPD 's internal affairs bureau , Bharara said Tuesday . The investigation included a confidential informant , undercover law enforcement officers , surveillance , and telephone taps , according to court documents . According to the official criminal complaint against the defendants , and the sworn deposition of FBI Special Agent Kennent Hosely , the current or former NYPD officers charged are William Masso , Eddie Goris , Ali Oklu , Gary Oritz , and John Mahony , all active-duty officers in Brooklyn ; Joseph Trischitta and Marco Venezia , who were active-duty NYPD officers at the time of the alleged crimes but are now retired ; and Richard Melnik , a retired NYPD officer . Also charged , federal authorities said , are Anthony Santiago , a New York City Department of Sanitation police officer ; David Kanwisher , a New Jersey corrections officer ; and Michael Gee and Eric Gomer , who court documents list as "  associates " of Santiago . None of the defendants ' lawyers were available for comment Tuesday . The criminal complaint alleges the lead defendant , Masso , met the confidential informant in 2009 and brought several of his fellow officers into the conspiracy to pull off various illegal schemes . According to Bharara , four other officers who were not charged or listed in the criminal complaint but who had contact with Masso are on modified assignment as the NYPD 's Internal Affairs Bureau investigates their actions . As the charges were announced Tuesday , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said , "  This is very disturbing and disheartening for members of the department and the public . " According to the charges filed Tuesday , the defendants were engaged in the theft and transport of over 200 cases of cigarettes from tractor-trailers in Virginia . The cigarettes were valued at over $ 500,000 . Some defendants , authorities allege , helped undercover agents break into the trailers , some transported the illegal goods , and some helped sell them in New York . Authorities said undercover agents contacted Masso on two separate occasions about the transport of purportedly stolen slot machines from Atlantic City to Port Chester , New York . The criminal complaint alleges the defendants traveled to pick up the stolen goods . While some drove vans carrying the slot machines , others acted as a sort of security entourage , following the vans to insure they reached their destination charges federal authorities . The complaint alleges Masso instructed the other officers to carry their badges in case they were stopped by law enforcement . In the case of the firearms , court documents say defendants drove the guns , along with cigarettes , in rented vans and their own personal vehicles into New York form New Jersey . Many of the weapons had the serial numbers altered or scraped off , rendering them untraceable . According to the complaint , as Masso drove his personal vehicle into New York with two bags full of firearms , "  Masso 's NYPD jacket was displayed in the window of his vehicle . " Prosecutors said that while the defendants all believed the items they transported were stolen ; they had in fact been provided by the FBI . The firearms were never a danger to the public , authorities said , as they had been rendered inoperable . "  These crimes are without question , reprehensible -- particularly conspiring to import untraceable guns and assault rifles into New York , " said Janice K. Fedarcyk , assistant director in charge of the FBI 's New York division . "  The public trusts the police not only to enforce the law , but to obey it . These crimes , as alleged in the complaint , do nothing but undermine public trust and confidence in law enforcement . "	The charges stem from an undercover investigation that began in 2009 , authorities say The investigation was conducted by the FBI and the NYPD 's internal affairs bureau U.S. attorney : "  A group of crime fighters took to moonlighting as criminals " The conspiracy involved untraceable firearms , and purportedly stolen goods
CNN  -- A 28-year-old woman who said an unknown assailant threw a cup of caustic liquid in her face has admitted her injuries were self-inflicted , Vancouver , Washington , police said Thursday . Bethany Storro was being interviewed by detectives , and whether she will be charged will be up to prosecutors , police said . "  She is extremely upset , " said police Commander Marla Schuman . "  She is very remorseful . In many ways it got bigger than she expected . " Police would not speculate on Storro 's motives , only saying the August 30 incident did not occur as she described and that there were discrepancies in her account , including wearing sunglasses in the evening . They also had questions about the liquid 's splash patterns on Storro 's face . Officers acquired a search warrant and conducted a search Thursday morning . They removed several undisclosed items , but said they did not find a substance that might have caused her injuries . Vancouver had searched for an assailant , described as an African-American woman with an athletic build and slicked-back hair pulled into a pony tail . Storro was released from an Oregon hospital on September 5 after undergoing surgery for her injuries after the alleged attack . Police spent hundreds of hours on the case and the community came together to offer donations for Storro 's treatment . "  It has had an impact on our community , " said Police Chief Clifford Cook . "  It has brought negative attention on our community that is undeserved . " Storro 's family was also being interviewed , police said . They described her as being in a fragile mental state . Storro credited a new pair of sunglasses -- which she said she bought just 20 minutes before the attack -- with saving her eyesight . "  God is watching over me , " Storro , of Vancouver , told CNN affiliate KATU in Portland , Oregon , at the time . "  I believe in him . That his hands are on me and I ca n't live the rest of my life like that -- in fear . I ca n't let what she did to me wreck my life . " Storro told KATU that she had stopped at a Vancouver Starbucks about 7:15 p.m. , just after she had gone back to buy a pair of sunglasses that she had seen earlier . The woman walked up to her and said , "  Hey pretty girl , do you want to drink this ? " When Storro declined , the woman threw the contents of the cup in her face and ran off , Storro claimed at the time .	A Washington state woman made up her claim of an attacker throwing acid , police say Bethany Storro , who was hospitalized , now may face charges Police conducted search of her residence
Los Cabos , Mexico  CNN  -- The United States on Tuesday supported European leaders ' efforts to ease the debt crisis , including the formation of a "  banking union " to safeguard their financial systems . "  If people have a sense of where they are going , that can provide confidence and break the fever , " President Barack Obama said at the end of the two-day G-20 summit . U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner said European leaders , meeting again next week , want to design a long-term framework for stability and take swift steps to institute short-term reforms . "  What this means is a framework of reforms so they can stand behind their banks , provide capital to the banks that need it , make sure they 're protecting the safety of their depositors , " Geithner said . Leaders will work to ensure Italy and Spain can borrow at sustainable interest rates , said Geithner , indicating the United States was "  encouraged " by developments and the meeting 's focus on economic growth . G20 pledges to support world economy The European Union earlier this month unveiled a plan to create a coordinated banking union rather than leaving troubled nations to deal with their own banking crisis . The proposal would include a single deposit guarantee organization covering all banks in the union , something similar to the FDIC , which covers U.S. bank deposits . The summit largely focused on boosting a sluggish global recovery threatened by a possible collapse of the euro currency union . European leaders are moving with a "  heightened sense of urgency " to address the continent 's financial problems , according to Obama . "  They understand the stakes and pledge to take the action needed to address this crisis . " The president acknowledged "  slower growth in Europe means slower growth in American jobs " and the potential effects on the upcoming election . "  If we do the right thing , politics will follow , " Obama said . Host President Felipe Calderon of Mexico , speaking at the end of the summit , said leaders agreed to extend a commitment to not introduce protectionist measures until 2014 . He also told reporters that Spain had not formally asked for a bailout . In a declaration , G-20 leaders said they "  would act together to strengthen recovery and address financial market tensions . " "  Euro Area members of the G-20 will take all necessary policy measures to safeguard the integrity and stability of the area , improve the functioning of financial markets and break the feedback loop between sovereigns and banks , " they said . The International Monetary Fund said a number of member countries made emergency fund pledges , helping "  efforts to create a $ 456 billion global firewall that puts the IMF in a much better position to help its 188 member countries restore sounder economic and financial conditions worldwide . " "  These resources are being made available for crisis prevention and resolution and to meet the potential financing needs of all IMF members , " said Christine Legarde , managing director . The summit largely focused on one of the primary causes of the global economy 's lethargic recovery -- the threat of a European currency collapse that would roil the already fragile economies of most of the 17 countries that use the euro . Obama played a role in ensuring other G-20 nations heard about European strategies , according to a senior administration official . "  The framework they  Europeans  are building , as they described it to us , amounts to a more forceful response than they 've contemplated to date , " the official said . A main topic of the summit was Sunday 's elections in debt-ridden Greece , where the center-right New Democracy party received the most votes and was asked to try to form a coalition government . "  They all want to work in partnership with Greece to make sure that Greece is reforming within the EU , " Geithner said of European leaders . The members of the G-20 are the United States , the European Union , Germany , Great Britain , France , Italy , Japan , Russia , China , Canada , Argentina , South Korea , South Africa , Mexico , Brazil , India , Indonesia , Saudi Arabia , Turkey and Australia . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Adam Aigner-Treworgy , Brianna Keilar and Dan Lothian contributed to this report .	Obama encourages framework for "  European integration " International Monetary Fund receives additional money U.S. encouraged by progress in addressing European crisis Summit looking at the eurozone crisis and how to boost global economic growth
CNN  -- With 56.4 million passengers , Frankfurt was the world 's ninth busiest airport in 2011 , according to airport trade organization , Airport Council International . But when it comes to animal arrivals and departures , the German gateway takes top billing . More than 100 million animals jetted in and out of Frankfurt 's Animal Lounge last year including 2000 horses , 14,000 cats and dogs , 80 million ornamental fish and 300 tons of worms . Run by German carrier Lufthansa , animals range from domestic pets to more exotic specimens destined for zoos and animal reserves , explains Axel Heitman , director of the Animal Lounge . Frankfurt Airport : facts and figures "  A polar bear was on his way home from the Alps after doing some shooting for some advertising and was really gentle actually , " Heitman said . "  He had his owner next to him and he took the entire trailer ... and then we had him transported back to Canada . " The 3,750-square meter facility opened its doors in 2008 and is equipped with non-slip floors and climate-controlled chambers to help make an animal 's stay as comfortable as possible . A team of 60 trained vets and qualified animal handlers are also on hand round the clock to monitor them when they arrive . Read more : The world 's transport gateways "  When they are in transit , for example , -LSB- the staff -RSB- would take them out of the kennels and feed them and if they are here overnight , they will walk them around the facility , " Heitman says . Most animals can travel in the belly of passenger planes , but Lufthansa also has a fleet of 18 freight aircraft which can accommodate all shapes and size of animal -- be it hippopotamuses en route to the Philippines from Israel or rhinos and even crocodiles . There is no such thing as an average day , Heitman says . "  Every day we learn new things because , as you can imagine , there is a huge variety of animals , " he said .	Frankfurt Airport 's Animal Lounge handles more than 100 million animals annually Domestic pets and exotic creatures including rhinos , polar bears and crocodiles jet in and out Facility opened in 2008 and is the world 's busiest animal airport hub
Frightening government overreach or valuable law enforcement tool ? That 's the question politicians in Washington , and millions of citizens around the United States , asked Thursday thanks to a jolting report suggesting the government has been collecting millions of Americans ' phone records . FBI Direct Robert Mueller will be asked about the matter -- revealed after a British newspaper , the Guardian , published a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act  FISA  court order that applied to phone data from Verizon -- when he appears next week before the House Judiciary Committee . The panel 's chairman Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , issued a statement Thursday saying he was "  very concerned that the Department of Justice may have abused the intent of the law , and we will investigate . " Reports : U.S. spy agencies mined Internet data The report will also be the subject of an upcoming classified briefing by Attorney General Eric Holder to the Senate Appropriations Committee . Its chairman , Sen. Barbara Mikulski , is calling for a similar closed-door briefing for the entire U.S. Senate . When she read the news Thursday morning , the Maryland Democrat said , "  It was like , ` Oh , God , not one more thing ... where we 're trying to protect America and then it looks like we 're spying . ' " What does the Verizon order mean for me ? An author of the Patriot Act -- the legislation used to justify the program -- added he is "  extremely disturbed by what appears to be an overbroad interpretation of the act . " "  These reports are deeply concerning and raise questions about whether our constitutional rights are secure , " Rep. James Sensenbrenner , R-Wisconsin , wrote in a letter to Holder . But not everyone in the nation 's capital is outraged or even concerned . Some say the real travesty would be if the program , which they describe as valuable , is halted . Sen. Dianne Feinstein , chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , said the Guardian story refers to a "  three-month renewal of what has been the case for the past seven years " -- so that while the uproar may be new , the program is not . In that time , it 's helped to disrupt "  terrorist plots " on U.S. soil , she said . "  It is lawful , " the California Democrat insisted . "  It has been briefed by Congress . " Rep. Mike Rogers  R-Michigan  and Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger  D-Maryland  , two key members of the House Intelligence Committee , both stressed that "  this important collection tool does not allow the government to eavesdrop " and that it is routinely reviewed by Congress . White House spokesman Josh Earnest also made those points , adding President Barack Obama "  put in place a stronger regime of oversight " when he took office . He further stressed the importance of ensuring "  we have the tools we need to confront the threat posted by terrorists  and to  protect the homeland . " "  That is his top priority , " Earnest said of domestic security . "  But ... we need to balance that priority with the need to protect civil liberties and constitutional rights of American people . And that is the subject of a worthy debate . " What 's been happening , and for how long ? In 2006 , it was reported the National Security Agency was secretly collecting telephone records in an effort to root out terror plots . "  Verizon 's wireless and wireline companies did not provide to NSA customer records or call data , local or otherwise , " the company said at the time . Like the FBI and the NSA , Verizon declined comment to the media Thursday on the Guardian report . But company Vice President Randy Milch , in a note to employees , did say the newspaper 's story may spur the company to respond in defiance of a promise of secrecy . The newspaper published the four-page , top-secret government order requiring "  originating and terminating " phone numbers plus the location , time and duration of calls from the communications giant . It lets the FBI and NSA to obtain the records from April 25 to July 19 . 7 things to know The order applies to Verizon Business Network Services , an operation not described on the company 's website . Its scope was not immediately clear , though the Guardian claimed "  millions of U.S. customers of Verizon " were affected by the collection of information "  regardless of whether they are suspected of wrongdoing . " In his letter to Verizon employees , Milch said that his company would not provide the contents of any communications "  or the name , address or financial information of a subscriber or customer . " An Obama administration official said any such order would relate "  exclusively to metadata , such as a telephone number or the length of a call . " This kind of information "  allows counterterrorism personnel to discover whether known or suspected terrorists have been in contact with other persons who may be engaged in terrorist activities , " the unnamed official said in a statement to media . Controversy over the Guardian report comes as the White House fends off privacy complaints on other fronts as well . The administration is under fire following revelations the Justice Department seized two months of phone records from Associated Press reporters and editors -- something done as part of an investigation into leaks of classified information . Plus , the Washington Post and the Guardian reported that U.S. intelligence has a broad secret data mining program that allows access to central servers of nine leading U.S. Internet companies -- among them Microsoft , Yahoo , Google , Facebook and Apple -- to extract e-mail , photos and other private consumer communications . Director of National Intelligence James Clapper challenged the Post and Guardian reports in a statement Thursday night , saying "  they contain numerous inaccuracies . " Specifically , he emphasized the section of the law tied to that reported program "  can not be used to intentionally target any U.S. citizen , any other U.S. person or anyone located within the United States . " In statements on that and reports about collecting phone data , Clapper also called out those behind the apparent leaks -- saying it "  will have an impact on the behavior of our adversaries and make it more difficult for us to understand their intentions . " Speaking specifically about collecting personal phone records , privacy advocates called the practice perilous and claimed it gives authorities access to information of many Americans who are n't terrorists . In fact , they might not necessarily be Verizon customers , and similar orders might also apply to other telecommunications companies . "  There is no indication that this order to Verizon was unique or novel , " said the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which fights to protect privacy . "  It is very likely that business records orders like this exist for every major American telecommunication company , meaning that , if you make calls in the United States , the NSA has those records . And this has been going on for at least seven years , and probably longer . " Opinion : NSA 's phone snooping a different kind of creepy Al Gore : ` Secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous ' This group is hardly alone . The American Civil Liberties Union called it "  beyond Orwellian  in allowing  basic democratic rights  to be  surrendered in secret to the demands of unaccountable intelligence agencies . " The Center for Constitutional Rights blasted it as "  the broadest surveillance order to ever had been issued : It requires no level of suspicion . " Many in President Barack Obama 's own party spoke forcefully against it as well . Three Democratic representatives -- John Conyers of Michigan , Jerrold Nadler of New York and Robert Scott of Virginia -- said the program is "  highly problematic and reveals serious flaws in the scope and application of the " Patriot Act . "  The revelations  confirm our fears -- that the law would be distorted to allow for ongoing , indiscriminate collection of data , " they wrote . Sen. Mark Udall , who serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee , described the program as "  the kind of government overreach I 've said Americans would find shocking . " One of them : former Vice President Al Gore . "  Is it just me , or is secret blanket surveillance obscenely outrageous ? " the 2000 Democratic presidential nominee wrote on Twitter . Senator says ending program would be ` catastrophic ' Opinions were also strong on the other side of the debate . "  Terrorists will come after us if they can , and the only thing that we have to deter this is good intelligence to understand that a plot has been hatched and to get there before they get to us , " said Feinstein . Her intelligence committee 's ranking Republican , Sen. Saxby Chambliss of Georgia , concurred in stating the program has let authorities gather "  significant information on bad guys and only on bad guys over the years . " Former FBI Assistant Director Tom Fuentes , a CNN contributor , said that if a phone number comes up that 's linked to someone suspicious , they can go back and get information tied to that number . "  It 's not that someone or some group of analysts can sit there and monitor 50 million phone calls going through the computers , " Fuentes explained on CNN 's "  Starting Point . " "  But it would create the ability to go back and see if you could connect phone calls . " Rep. Lindsey Graham said that , as a Verizon customer , "  it does n't bother me one bit for the National Security Administration to have my phone number . " The South Carolina Republican said he 's confident the government wo n't monitor his and other innocent Americans phone calls just because their "  number pops up on some terrorist 's phone . " "  The consequences of taking these tools away from the American people through their government would be catastrophic , " he said .	The top U.S. intel official says leaks affect national security Some say the program is key to fighting terrorism and includes oversight The program was used to stop "  terrorist plots " on U.S. soil , Sen. Feinstein says Critics say it 's overreach , with Al Gore calling it "  obscenely outrageous "
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- He lies in a bed on a balloon-type mattress , to reduce pressure on his burned body . He is covered with bandages ; a ventilator breathes for Michael Brewer because he ca n't do it for himself . He 's hooked up to the marvels of modern medicine that are trying to give the 15-year-old burn victim a chance to be a kid once again . Sixty-five percent of his body is covered with second - and third-degree burns . "  People are writing horror stories ... but people just ca n't imagine the kind of sickness we 're talking about , " said Dr. Nicholas Namias , medical director of the University of Miami/Jackson Memorial Hospital Burn Center in Miami . "  I 've been to movies like everyone else , and Hollywood has n't even thought of something like this , " Namias said . Brewer is heavily sedated , and the ventilator does not allow him to speak . His open wounds are covered by bandages , which are changed daily . It 's a four-hour process . He has not been able to speak with police since his desperate fight for life began October 12 , when police say five teenage friends , including a 13-year-old , doused Brewer with rubbing alcohol and set him on fire . The attack occurred after Brewer reported to police that one of the youths had stolen his father 's bicycle . Police say the bicycle was stolen because Brewer did not pay one of the boys $ 40 for a video game . According to police , witnesses said the teens called Brewer "  a snitch " as they used a lighter to set him ablaze . Namias explained how Brewer 's organs are not functioning the way they should be , but that is expected at this early stage of recovery . "  He 's still on the ventilator and advanced modes of mechanical ventilation . We are breathing for him . His contribution to the breathing is trivial , " Namias said . Namias also explained that in burn cases , words must be chosen carefully when talking about patients and their condition because so much is at risk and so much can change quickly . "  When you say he 's doing OK , in this situation it means he 's alive and responding to treatments , " Namias said . "  We 're still dealing with the respiratory failure . We 're dealing with infection now and the need to supply the massive amount of nutrition that this person needs to survive . " On Monday , the five teens who are accused of taking part in the attack appeared separately before judges in Broward County , Florida . State prosecutors were granted additional time to build their case . Formal charges are expected later this month . For now , all five teens are being held in custody . Four of the boys , all 15 years old , could be charged as adults . The 13-year-old also could be charged as an adult but under Florida law only if Brewer dies . Michael Brewer 's parents , Valerie and Michael Brewer Sr. , issued a written statement through the hospital last week . They are not granting interviews . "  The recovery process will be baby steps , but eventually he will be whole again , " they wrote . But their son 's injuries enter the realm of medicine and science that has no guarantee . "  There 's no evolutionary mechanism to survive a 65 percent burn , " Namias said . "  Surviving is a miracle of modern medicine and about the technology and the things we do . This is not like a gunshot and you come out of the -LSB- operating room -RSB- , and say everything 's going to be OK , " he added . "  We never give up , and we never predict it . ... Our expectation is survival . " Across the hospital floor in the burn unit at Jackson Memorial Hospital , six other people 's lives also are at stake : all victims of various accidents , all with burns similar to Michael Brewer 's . They , too , are trying to regain at least a part of what they used to have . "  It 's understandable that people can be burned in accidents , " Namias said . "  But this was no accident . This did n't have to happen at all . "	Police say teens doused Michael Brewer , 15 , with rubbing alcohol and set him ablaze Attack came after Brewer reported that one boy had stolen his father 's bicycle 65 percent of Brewer 's body is covered in second - , third-degree burns Teen suspects appeared before judges Monday in Florida
CNN  -- Celine Dion is putting her music career on hold indefinitely because of her husband 's cancer and her own illness , the singer announced Wednesday . Dion 's Las Vegas residency shows and plans to tour Asia in the fall have been taken off her schedule , according to a statement posted on her website and social media accounts . Dion , 46 , must "  focus 100 % of her attention on her husband Rene , their family , and associated health issues , " the statement said . Rene Angelil , 72 , underwent surgery to remove a cancerous tumor from his throat last December . He stepped aside as his wife 's manager in June because of the illness . "  It 's been a very difficult and stressful time for the couple as they deal with the day-to-day challenges of fighting this disease while trying to juggle a very active show business schedule , and raise their three young children , " the statement said . Dion is suffering from "  an illness that has caused inflammation in her throat muscles , and has not been able to perform any of her scheduled shows in Las Vegas since her last show on July 29th , " the statement said . Dion 's shows at The Colosseum at Caesars Palace have been one of the hottest tickets in Las Vegas since she returned to the Strip three years ago . Her residency , which has included about 70 shows a year , is on hold "  until further notice , " the statement said . "  I want to devote every ounce of my strength and energy to my husband 's healing , and to do so , it 's important for me to dedicate this time to him and to our children , " Dion said . "  I also want to apologize to all my fans everywhere , for inconveniencing them , and I thank them so much for their love and support . " Dion and Angelil began a romantic relationship when she was 19 and he was 45 . The couple , along with their three sons , live in Las Vegas , where Dion has been performing for three years . The singer briefly retired from performing in 1999 when her husband was battling throat cancer . CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Celine Dion 's Las Vegas residency shows and Asia tour are off her schedule She will "  focus 100 % of her attention " on her husband , their family and her own illness Her husband has a cancerous tumor removed in December Dion suffers "  an illness that has caused inflammation in her throat muscles , " a statement says
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Supreme Court will decide whether police can take DNA samples from criminal suspects following their arrest , a case based on Maryland law with potentially national implications for the use of a popular investigative tool . Justices will weigh a challenge to the state 's law by Alonzo King , who was convicted of a 2003 rape on Maryland 's Eastern Shore with the assistance of genetic material obtained following his arrest three years ago on an unrelated assault charge . King moved to suppress the use of the DNA on Fourth Amendment grounds , but was ultimately convicted of the rape offense . Federal law in 1994 created a national database in which local , state , and federal law enforcement agencies could compare and share information on DNA matches from convicted felons . But courts have been at odds on just when such samples can be collected and the information distributed . A divided Maryland Court of Appeals agreed with King , saying suspects under arrest enjoy a higher level of privacy than a convicted felon . This , the court said , outweighed the state 's law enforcement interests . The appeals court also said that obtaining King 's DNA immediately after arrest was not necessary in identifying him and that the process was more personally invasive than standard fingerprinting . State officials asked the Supreme Court to intervene , saying the state court ruling "  resulted in the loss of a valuable crime-fighting tool . " They said that from a law enforcement and forensic perspective , there is no difference between fingerprinting and collecting "  biometric information . " The Supreme Court allowed the Maryland law to remain in effect in July while appeals from the state were filed , and Chief Justice John Roberts signaled at the time his tentative support for the measure . "  Collecting DNA from individuals arrested for violent felonies provides a valuable tool for investigating unsolved crimes and thereby helping to remove violent offenders from the general population , " Roberts wrote . "  Crimes for which DNA evidence is implicated tend to be serious , and serious crimes cause serious injuries . That Maryland may not employ a duly enacted statute to help prevent these injuries constitutes irreparable harm . " Roberts said at the time there was a "  fair prospect " the Supreme Court would ultimately find in favor of the state on the search and seizure questions . Roberts said the state appeals decision would resonate beyond Maryland because DNA samples taken on the state level "  may otherwise be eligible " for the FBI 's database . "  The decision , " Roberts said "  renders the database less effective for other states and the federal government . " The Maryland law is set to expire at the end of 2013 . A Supreme Court ruling is expected by June . The case is Maryland v. King  12-207	Court to examine whether police can take DNA samples after arrest Case involves challenge to Maryland man by man convicted of rape Courts have been at odds over when samples can be collected Supreme Court decision could have implications nationally
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- In 2013 , the greatest risk of conflict does n't lie in the halls of the U.S. Congress , on the battlefield in Syria nor the rising rhetoric between Iran and the international community , according to Ian Bremmer of Eurasia Group . "  China-Japan is by far the most important and consequential geopolitical conflict on our screen for the entire year of 2013 , " Bremmer told CNN 's John Defterios at the World Economic Forum in Davos . A territorial dispute over islands in the East China Sea boiled over into often violent anti-Japanese demonstration in China last September has led to tensions between the world 's second and third largest economies . Last week , new Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe returned from a trip to Southeast Asia to shore up support of nations also at odds with China over disputed land claims in the South China Sea . "  The Chinese do n't feel like they need the Japanese in the way they used to -- they do n't need the technology , they do n't need the investment dollars ; and furthermore unlike places like Vietnam and the Philippines where the Chinese have a large Diaspora population that really controls the local business so over time the Chinese feel they win no matter what ; in Japan ... there 's no influence there , " Bremmer said . Davos 2013 : New year , same old problems ? After opening to economic reforms in 1979 , the economy of the world 's most populated country sprinted ahead at an average of 10 % growth each year , overtaking Japan as the world 's second largest economy in late 2010 . While China is still in many ways a developing nation -- it 's GDP per capita was 94th in the world in 2011 -- most economists expect it will jump ahead of the U.S. as the world 's largest economy by 2030 . The December report by the U.S. National Intelligence Council , "  Global Trends 2030 : Alternative Worlds , " forecast that U.S. economic and international influence will decline in the next two decades as a shift of global power moves from the West to the East -- with the rise of China as one of the greatest forces Quest : U.S. economy to dominate Davos 2013 "  China is slated to pass the threshold of US$ 15,000 per capita purchasing power parity  PPP  in the next five years or soâ $ " a level that is often a trigger for democratization , " the report notes . "  Chinese ` soft ' power could be dramatically boosted , setting off a wave of democratic movements . Alternatively , many experts believe a democratic China could also become more nationalistic . An economically collapsed China would trigger political unrest and shock the global economy . " Bremmer thinks the odds of that are long , but a China moving on its current path will still be a primary player of world events in the next two decades . Europe 's decade : A tale of boom and bust "  Of course the rise of China has enormous implications for both economic conflict and political conflict precisely because this is a poor country , it 's an authoritarian country , it 's a state capitalist country -- and by the time China becomes the world 's largest economy , surpassing the United States , those fundamental qualities of China will not particularly change , " he said . "  Here you have a situation for many decades where Americans felt that China 's rise was in their interest -- already Japan understands that China 's rise is not in its interest , it 's a bad thing , " Bremmer said . "  Increasingly the U.S. is very , very conflicted . "	Bremmer : China-Japan conflict poses the greatest geopolitical conflict in 2013 A dispute over a group of islands in the East China Sea has strained relations China 's growing power has led to a reevaluation in Tokyo ; made U.S. wary "  Rise of China has enormous implications for both economic conflict and political conflict "
CNN  -- In the game of bragging rights , Oracle CEO Larry Ellison now has one over his fellow billionaire Richard Branson : his private island is bigger . Ellison has bought about 98 % of Lana'I , the sixth-largest island in Hawaii -- and one that 's more than 1,000 times larger than the private island that Branson owns in the British Virgin Islands . The governor of Hawaii confirmed the sale of the 140-square mile island Wednesday , but did n't say how much it went for . "  It is my understanding that Mr. Ellison has had a long-standing interest in Lana'i . His passion for nature , particularly the ocean , is well-known specifically in the realm of America 's Cup sailing , " Democratic Gov. Neil Abercrombie said . The island includes two luxury resorts , two golf courses , two club houses and 88,000 acres of land , according to a document filed with the Public Utilities Commission . I 'm a celebrity , rent my island ! But Ellison may not have bought it solely for pleasure 's sake . The acquisition , which also includes various commercial and residential properties and utilities , may have made him Lana'i 's potential savior . The island has "  has been losing tens of millions of dollars a year in operating costs , " CNN affiliate KHON reported Wednesday . "  We need somebody with very deep pockets that understand this upfront that can continue these type of losses -- at least for the first few years until we can find something to make the island valuable again , " the island 's state senator J. Kalani English told KHON . The Oracle CEO is No. 6 on Forbes ' world billionaires list with a net worth of $ 36 billion . He bought the island from Castle & Cooke , whose owner , David Murdock , has a net worth of $ 2.5 billion , according Forbes . Murdock is also the majority stock holder in the Dole Food Company . Dole was founded in Hawaii in 1851 , according to the company 's website , which brags of being the "  world 's largest producer and marketer " of fruits and vegetables . Lana'i once grew 75 % of the world 's pineapples , according to the Honolulu Advertiser newspaper . Castle & Cooke 's website boasts employing nearly half of the island 's residents , which the last census placed at around 3,500 people , according to KGMB . But Senator English told the station that the population has fallen to about 1,900 . At 89 , Murdock says he will retain a solar farm and a home on the island , as he retires as Lana'i 's benefactor of sorts - passing the baton to the Oracle billionaire . "  Lana'i has been my passion for years and I have made huge investments of money , time and energy for the betterment of the island economy and its residents , " Murdock told CNN affiliate KGMB . Residents have mixed feelings about the island changing hands , said Dorothy Lester , a pastor at Lana'i Union Church . "  There are people who have been waiting for the time when there would be a new owner of the island . There are those who are very anxious because David Murdock is the only person they remember who has been in control . " The island has another claim to fame -- and to IT money . Bill and Melinda Gates married on Lana'I , according to a Fortune magazine portrait of Melinda . Open Thread : What is your private island dream ? CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Ellison may be coming to the rescue of an island that is losing millions Oracle CEO Larry Ellison buys 98 % of the Hawaiian island , governor says The island once grew 75 % of the world 's pineapples Fortune : Bill and Melinda Gates married on Lana'i , Hawaii 's sixth largest island
CNN  -- The mother of "  Modern Family " star Ariel Winter denied allegations that she abused the 14-year-old actress and said the allegations stem from the young actress wanting to continue to date an 18-year-old man . "  Since I have asked Ariel to end her relationship ... she has been bad-mouthing me and spreading rumors and lies about me to substantiate this Guardianship proceeding , " the mother said in documents filed last week in Los Angeles Superior Court . "  Ariel is young and does not understand the severity of the consequences of her actions . " Winter , whose real name is Ariel W. Workman , stars as Alex Dunphy in the ABC comedy series . Last month , a Los Angeles judge ordered the young actress to be placed in temporary guardianship of her older sister , Shanelle Gray . A lawyer filed a petition on behalf of Gray on October 3 , alleging Winter was the victim of ongoing physical abuse , insults about her weight , deprivation of food and attempts to "  sexualize " the minor . Guardianship with Gray was necessary to protect Winter from further abuse , lawyer Michael Kretzmer said in the document . The mother , Chris Workman , vehemently denied those allegations . She said she never hit her daughter or put her down for her weight . The dispute stems from a relationship with an older teen , the mother alleged . "  Ariel is upset and is using her sister 's vulnerabilities to her advantage so she can see her boyfriend , " Workman said in the court documents . "  I caught Ariel and  the teen  engaging in inappropriate sexual behavior , which is when I became adamant that she end her relationship with him . Out of concern for Ariel , I notified the police since Ariel is a minor . " A judge has previously ruled that Workman have no contact with Winter until a November 20 hearing on the matter . CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Selin Darkalstanian contributed to this report .	Young actress on "  Modern Family " is under temporary guardianship Ariel Winter , 14 , is in the care of her older sister Petition alleges she was the victim of physical abuse , insults and deprivation of food Mother denies claims of abuse , says teen wants to continue to see her 18-year-old boyfriend
CNN  -- At least 12 people , mostly women , were killed and 47 others were wounded in Somalia 's capital city , Mogadishu , after Islamists and African Union forces exchanged shells Thursday , an ambulance service official said . "  I can confirm that at least 12 people died in today 's fighting and we have collected 47 others who got wounded , " said Ali Musa , director of an ambulance service who spoke to CNN from Mogadishu . "  At one site , a shell landed on women selling milk and a number of them got killed and wounded . " Exclusive : Somalia battles measure success in meters Musa said the shelling began in the morning with Islamist rebels firing mortars at Somalia 's parliament building , where lawmakers were in session . The exchange of shells continued until 3:20 in the afternoon , Musa said .	Rebels fired mortars at the parliament building in Mogadishu African Union forces fired shells in return
CNN  -- "  The Artist " beat out films from the likes of Martin Scorsese , Steven Spielberg and George Clooney to top honors at the Academy Awards on Sunday -- not bad for a silent , black-and-white French film with no big-name stars . Director Michel Hazanavicius 's love letter to old Hollywood cinema was the undisputed king of the industry 's biggest night , garnering five Oscars for best picture , best directing , best costume design , best original music score and best actor . But was the rise of "  The Artist " from contender to best picture winner -- the first silent film to win the award since "  Wings " at the first Academy Awards in 1929 -- a triumph of marketing over art ? For many , the film 's triumph at the Oscars was a foregone conclusion , the result of a marketing process set in motion months ago by movie mogul Harvey Weinstein , who snapped up the U.S. distribution rights before anyone at the Cannes film festival had a chance to swoon over the French film last year . "  There was n't any doubt when it came to the top awards who the winners were going to be , " Total Film deputy editor Jamie Graham told CNN . "  Harvey is the best in the business at getting that awards attention , and it became clear with ` The Artist ' two months ago that this was the film that had caught the tailwind . " The mercurial movie promoter and co-founder of Miramax Films , credited for discovering "  Pulp Fiction " director Quentin Tarantino and a string of commercial and critical successes including "  The English Patient , " "  Shakespeare in Love " and last year 's "  The King 's Speech , " is famous for harnessing the momentum of his films at the right time and riding waves of publicity to wins at the podium and at the box office . No sooner had Jean Dujardin taken the top actor award for his portrayal of silent film star George Valentin at Cannes than Weinstein had the film 's stars and directors hitting the award campaign circuit to capitalize on its surprise success . Best actor winner Dujardin walked red carpets around the world as other awards began to flood in . Co-stars Berenice Bejo and John Goodman plugged the film on CNN , and Uggie , the film 's canine star , played dead and performed tricks from the film on major news channels on both sides of the Atlantic . "  People who do n't play the game tend not to win at the Oscars , " said Graham . "  You really have to press the flesh and hit the road , and for the last three months their lives would 've been dedicated to that . " Empire magazine 's Ian Nathan says that by the time the Golden Globe Award nominations came around , the race for Oscar glory had narrowed to a two-horse race between George Clooney 's "  The Descendants " and "  The Artist " -- a race Weinstein 's relentless campaign strategy began to win by the end of last year . "  Something about what Harvey managed to do -- getting these three very charming leads and the director out there , getting the dog out there , screening it to everyone who mattered , milking the nostalgia and old Hollywoodness of it -- lifted it from the competitor to the favorite long before the show came around , " he told CNN . "  Once one film has a foothold -- once it 's become the thing like ` The King 's Speech ' did last year -- then even Clooney ca n't compete , " he said . Weinstein 's strength , says Nathan , lies in his ability to catch a "  middle-brow " film right before it becomes popular and turn it into the frontrunner . Nathan told CNN : "  He 's very good at picking the middle-brow films ... and the Oscars are a mainstream event which celebrates the best of the middle . Harvey 's been a very wily player in that , and you have to give him that credit , he knows how to map that out over a year . " While "  The Artist " has punched above its weight at the box office , tallying roughly $ 76 million in worldwide receipts so far  58 % from outside the U.S.  , the film did n't receive much of a box office bump following the announcement of Oscar nominations in January , according to Ian Nathan -- especially compared with "  The King 's Speech , " which raked in an estimated $ 415 million worldwide  66 % from international  on its way to winning best picture , actor and director at the 2011 Academy Awards . "  It has n't made the usual Oscar success money that the ` The King 's Speech ' did last year , " said Nathan . "  It 's a silent film with a French sensibility , and it 's a tougher sell for audiences . But now that it 's got all the attention in the world , can that translate to more money ? " While the money may not follow , Nathan says one thing seems certain -- after a relatively dry decade , the back-to-back successes of "  The King 's Speech " and "  The Artist " means Harvey Weinstein is back in business . "  Harvey 's come out of his fallow years as the guy to beat at the Oscars , " he said . "  It 's a bit of a second coming -- clearly he 's still got a little bit of that magic . "	"  The Artist " won Academy Awards for best picture , best director , best actor Harvey Weinstein 's company also distributed "  The Iron Lady , " "  My Week with Marilyn " and "  Undefeated " Movie mogul Weinstein also a big winner last year with "  The King 's Speech "
CNN  -- After officially hosting a single guest -- Croatia , which its national team ungraciously greeted with a 3-1 drubbing -- Brazil opened its doors wide on Friday , the World Cup 's first full day of competition . That meant welcoming the last World Cup 's finalists , not to mention tens of thousands of fans in the stands and millions more tuning in on TV . Here are a few big developments -- from both on and off the pitch -- from Friday in Brazil : Reigning champ goes down , hard The last time Spain and the Netherlands dueled on soccer 's biggest stage , in 2010 in South Africa , they went scoreless for 90 minutes of regulation , then 25 more minutes of extra time . Andres Iniesta broke the deadlock , giving Spain its first ever World Cup title . But Friday 's rematch was an oh-so different ballgame . Things started off well for Spain in the European powers ' Group B showdown in Salvador , as it jumped ahead midway through the first half on a penalty call in the box . The Dutch notched up the score just before the break on a pretty diving header by Manchester United striker Robin van Persie . Then the onslaught began . Netherlands pumped in four goals within 30 minutes in the second half , crushing the reigning World Cup champs en route to a convincing 5-1 decision . Netherlands thump Spain Interpol eyes alleged match-fixing Considering Spain 's success in recent world tournaments , one might think that Friday 's rout is impossible to believe . While there 's no indication of any fix in the Spain-Netherlands ' matchup specifically , Interpol Secretary General Rob Noble did tell CNN 's Richard Quest on Friday that members of his international investigative agency are in Brazil and other places due to serious concerns about match-fixing and illegal betting during this year 's tournament . During the interview in France , Noble said that whenever "  there are organized groups engaged in illegal betting " -- as is happening in connection with the World Cup -- there are worries they might try to impact results . "  With illegal betting , there 's a greater likelihood that there could be an influence on the outcome of the match or an influence on what happens on the pitch , based on a bribe or some kind of corrupt act , " Noble said . FIFA slaps Beckenbauer over corruption probe The idea of corruption in international soccer is unfathomable , you think ? Well , you might want to think again . The latest scandal that has embarrassed the sport has to do with the awarding of the 2022 World Cup to Qatar , setting the stage for a tournament in that small , dry and scorching  if the event is in summer , as it usually is  Middle Eastern nation . So far , there 's been no official finding this decision was n't aboveboard -- though the whole process has already claimed a few high-ranking officials in Nigeria 's Amos Adamu and Oceania representative Reynald Temarii . In addition , Mohammed bin Hammam has been banned for life in connection with another bribery scandal , while FIFA Vice President Jack Warner quit after being implicated in the same case . The latest official in the sport to be ensnared in all this is also one of its biggest names : Franz Beckenbauer . Beckenbauer banned by FIFA The only man to win the World Cup as a team captain and coach has been provisionally suspended from all soccer-related activity for 90 days , FIFA announced Friday . He was one of the 22 FIFA executive committee members who voted on the 2022 site . The sport 's world governing body claimed that the 68-year-old Beckenbauer failed "  to cooperate " with a probe of Qatar 2022 and its bidding process "  despite repeated requests for assistance " in answering questions either in person or in writing . Last week , Beckenbauer told German media that he did not respond to the questions because they were in English and he did not understand them . FIFA said in its statement that the questions were presented in German as well as English . Latin American teams win again But enough of these downers . Let 's get back to Latin America , where the fun has begun -- especially for teams from there . Brazil , by virtue of its tournament-opening win , was the first to join the party . Then Mexico , out of North America , took center stage in the next contest in Natal . The game was n't always pretty or clean , with three controversially disallowed goals  two by Mexico , one by Cameroon  . It certainly was n't dry , with a persistent , pelting rain drenching everything in sight . But Friday 's matchup was successful for El Tri , which earned a 1-0 victory to even Mexico up points-wise with Brazil in Group A . The final contest Friday pitted Chile against Australia in the inland city of Cuiaba , which is closer to the Bolivian capital of Sucre than Rio de Janiero , Brazil . The Chileans pounced on the Socceroos from the get-go , notching two goals within the first 14 minutes . Australia got within a goal and narrowly missed several chances to tie it up , only to give up another score late to fall by a 3-1 margin . Tuning in , from Thailand to the Vatican While only eight countries have taken the stage so far , that does n't mean the rest of the world has n't been watching . Some 3.2 billion people watched the 2010 World Cup , according to FIFA . And while ratings are n't in yet about the current edition , the expectation is that these numbers will grow . Brazil 2014 set to smash TV records This despite the fact that there 's a lot of other stuff going on . Not just things like work , chasing after kids or making a sandwich , but dealing with war , famine and other harsh realities that plague our world . The people of Thailand have been dealing with the aftermath of a military coup , which followed months of unrest that destabilized the elected government and spawned outbursts of violence . The Asian nation 's leaders subsequently instituted a nighttime curfew to keep things in check . But on Friday , they lifted that curfew in more than 30 provinces and districts , including tourist havens Phuket , Pattaya and Krabi . That 's a good thing for soccer fans , given that -- due to the time difference with Brazil -- games run from 11 p.m. and into the early morning , local time . Those in Bangkok , though , still ca n't go out to watch games with friends and family , because the curfew there is still on . Soccer-mad Bangkok still under curfew One man who seems likely to catch a game or 10 lives half a world away in the Vatican . An Argentinian with Italian roots born as Jorge Bergoglio , he 's today better known as Pope Francis . The erstwhile supporter of the Buenos Aires club San Lorenzo declined , in an interview with the Spanish newspaper La Vanguardia , to say which team he 'll be rooting for this World Cup . The pontiff -- who , per the Roman Catholic faith , has big-time connections in the highest of places -- said he 's promised Brazilians that he will remain neutral .	After the opener Thursday , three games are played in Brazil on Friday Netherlands routs Spain in a rematch of the 2010 final Interpol official notes worries about match-fixing , illegal betting Pope Francis jokes he promised Brazilians he 'd remain neutral
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Natalie Cole 's search for a new kidney ended this week when someone with a compatible organ died and their family asked that it be given to the singer , according to the organ procurement group that handled the donation . Natalie Cole received a kidney transplant Tuesday in Los Angeles . Cole , who underwent a successful kidney transplant at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles Tuesday , was "  responding well and recuperating " Thursday , her publicist said . Cole had been on what she called "  a very long list " of people waiting for an organ donation when she got word recently that OneLegacy , an organ procurement agency in Southern California , had a kidney that was a biological match . It was a "  directed donation " from a deceased organ donor , according to OneLegacy CEO Tom Mone . "  Having heard of Ms. Cole 's need for a kidney , the family asked that one of their loved one 's kidneys be transplanted to Ms. Cole if they were a match , " Mone said . Directed organ donations are rare , and rarer still are those directed to someone not related to or known personally by the deceased , he said . The donor will remain anonymous until the family gives permission for the name to be made public , he said . Cole 's need for a kidney donation was highly publicized , including with an appearance on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on March 31 . "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors , " said Cole , the daughter of legendary crooner Nat King Cole . Cole said her kidney troubles date to February 2008 when she was diagnosed with Hepatitis C. Cole said she attributes the Hepatitis C to her well-publicized struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin . Cole said she has been sober for some time now after two stints in a rehabilitation clinic . Cole said she underwent chemotherapy in an aggressive way to fight the virus . Within four months of getting chemotherapy , both of Cole 's kidneys failed . "  I could n't breathe . I -- I went into -- literally , my kidneys stopped functioning . They stopped , you know , processing the fluid that was starting to build up in my body . " Since then Cole has been on dialysis three days a week and has been searching for a kidney , she told King in one of the first public interviews about the issue . Cole won six Grammys for her 1991 critically acclaimed album "  Unforgettable : With Love , " a jazzy tribute to her father . She won a Grammy this year for her new album "  Still Unforgettable " and another Grammy for her work on another album . Cole was still able to tour this year even with her kidney ailment . She canceled a planned show last week in South Korea because of her illness , which meant she was in Los Angeles when the organ became available . "  I have been on dialysis in Istanbul , Milan , Indonesia , Manila , London . It 's -- it 's amazing , " Cole said . During King 's show , dozens of people sent e-mails to CNN telling Cole that they would get tested to see if their kidney could be donated . King handed a thick stack of paper to Cole . "  These are all e-mails from dozens -- dozens of people offering to be tested to see if they can match , who want to give you a kidney , " King said . Cole stared at the papers for a moment . "  There are some great human beings out there . That 's all I can say , " Cole said . Cole is expected to return to the tour after three to four months of recovery . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Natalie Cole 's new kidney came from deceased fan ; fan 's family asked for Cole Natalie Cole underwent kidney transplant surgery Tuesday Singer received supportive e-mails when on CNN 's "  Larry King Live " in March
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Sen. Ted Stevens declared his innocence Tuesday after his indictment on charges that he concealed hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of gifts and services from a company in his home state . Sen. Ted Stevens , R-Alaska , says he is innocent of the charges a grand jury handed up on Tuesday . "  My public service began when I served in World War II . It saddens me to learn that these charges have been brought against me . ... I am innocent of these charges and intend to prove that , " Stevens said in a statement released by his office . In the indictment , Stevens is charged with lying about receiving gifts worth more than $ 250,000 from Veco , an Alaska-based energy company on whose behalf he intervened in Washington . The indictment , returned Tuesday by a federal grand jury in Washington , says the veteran lawmaker "  schemed to conceal " the fact that Veco paid for hundreds of thousands of dollars worth of work on his home . The indictment follows a wide-ranging investigation into ties between the company and lawmakers in Alaska . The indictment does not accuse Stevens of accepting bribes , Matt Friedrich , the acting assistant attorney general , emphasized in a news conference announcing the charges . "  Bribery is not charged in this case , " he said , adding that such a charge "  requires proof of a specific quid pro quo . This indictment does not allege that . " Watch Friedrich announce and explain the indictment " But it does accuse Stevens and his staff of receiving requests from Veco for help in Washington and acting on some of them . In the 28-page indictment , Stevens was charged with seven counts of making false statements on his Senate financial disclosure forms . Stevens denied those charges , saying in the statement "  I have never knowingly submitted a false disclosure form required by law as a U.S. senator . " Stevens was caught by surprise Tuesday by his indictment , Sen. Daniel Inouye told CNN . "  Apparently , the media knew about it before he did , " Inouye said , adding he had just spoken to Stevens , a Republican from Alaska . Stevens was meeting with Republican colleagues when the indictment was returned , and he was pulled out of the meeting , his colleague said . "  As far as he 's concerned , he 's not guilty . And I believe him , " said Inouye , a Hawaii Democrat who is one of Stevens ' closest friends in the Senate . The indictment says the home improvements provided by Veco and its chief executive officer , Bill Allen , a "  personal friend of Stevens , " included a new first floor , a new garage , a new first - and second-story wraparound deck , new plumbing and new wiring . Allen gave Stevens a new 1999 Land Rover worth $ 44,000 in exchange for $ 5,000 and Stevens ' 1964 Ford Mustang , which was worth less than $ 20,000 at the time , the indictment charged . In exchange , Stevens "  could and did use his official position and his office on behalf of Veco , " one of the state 's largest employers , the indictment charges . Allen pleaded guilty in May 2007 , paying out more than $ 400,000 "  in corrupt payments " to Alaska officials , the Department of Justice said in announcing the Stevens indictment . Allen is cooperating with the Department of Justice as part of his plea agreement , Friedrich said . Veco was acquired by another company , CH2M Hill , in September 2007 . The indictment does not restrict Stevens ' ability to vote in the Senate , speak on the Senate floor or participate in committee work . Stevens , however , did say he would relinquish his co-chairmanships and ranking member positions , in accordance with Senate Republican rules . Reacting to the indictment , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , said it was up to Senate Republicans to decide if any punishment was warranted . "  I , of course , have served with Sen. Stevens my entire congressional career , " Reid said . "  It 's a sad day for him , us . But I believe in the American system of justice that he is presumed innocent . "  As far as what 's going to happen in the Republican caucus , that 's up to them . ... How they handle Stevens is certainly up to them . It is not our responsibility . I 'll cooperate in any way that I can . " Sen. John Warner , a Virginia Republican , recalled that he and Stevens were veterans of World War II and that "  he was a hero and a fighter , and he 's been a fighter for this country since then -- a fighter for his state ever since and a strong leader in the Senate . "  So all I can say is I hope this can turn out fairly consistent with the law and good decision , " Warner said . Another Republican , Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , said , "  I have known Ted Stevens for 28 years , and I have always found him to be impeccably honest . Sen. Barbara Boxer , a California Democrat who chairs the Senate ethics subcommittee , said she would release a statement later Tuesday . FBI and Internal Revenue Service agents searched Stevens ' Alaska home in July 2007 in connection with the investigation , which has snared two oil company executives and a state lobbyist , among others . At the time , he urged constituents "  not to form conclusions based upon incomplete and sometimes incorrect reports in the media . " The 84-year-old senator is a former chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee and is renowned for his prowess in steering federal funds to his vast , sparsely populated state . Stevens is the oldest Republican senator and second in age only to Sen. Robert Byrd , the 90-year-old Democrat from West Virginia . He has represented Alaska in Washington since 1968 and is up for re-election in November . He is the longest-serving Republican senator in history . CNN 's Ted Barrett contributed to this report .	NEW : Sen. Stevens says he intends to prove his innocence Stevens received gifts from an Alaska energy company , indictment alleges He is charged with making false statements on financial disclosure forms Federal investigators looked into improvements made to his Alaska home
CNN  -- Few places on earth do pride better than Merseyside ; pride in the region , pride in its people , and pride in its sport . So when The British Open comes to town it feels like everyone is here to celebrate . After record crowds made the pilgrimage to this corner of the Wirral Peninsula in 2006 to watch Hoylake 's first major for 39 years , it was stamped as "  The People 's Open . " It 's a tag that has stuck . "  You do n't want to be lofty here because people will knock you off your perch , " Royal Liverpool 's 2006 captain Andy Cross told CNN of Merseyside . "  You must be who you are and not try to be someone else . "  If there is one thing we want the people who visit us to take away with them it is that they felt they were welcome . " Liverpool 's most famous exports The Beatles once sang "  money ca n't buy me love " and that certainly is n't an issue at Hoylake -- there 's plenty going round for free . Some golf courses can feel stuffy to the point of asphyxiation , but not this one . Not only are spectators pitching up in droves , their enthusiasm is off the charts . Exchanges between marshals and spectators have the jovial air of two mates chatting down the pub . True Tiger Woods complained about fans ' use of mobile phones during his first round , but perhaps that could be attributed to thousands of people 's enthusiasm to see the man who took the title eight years ago . Even the stony-faced Royal Navy marshals tracking various groups round the course can manage a smile in between admonishing the odd spectator for trying to grab a snap of a star on their phone . Such is the passion for sport in this region that 5,000 hardy souls turned up four days out from the start of The Open , just to watch a clutch of players practice . Bumper galleries When the Wirral welcomed back golf 's oldest major championship for the first time since 1967 eight years ago , 230,000 attended across the four days -- an English record . Just 142,036 were present at Muirfield in Scotland last year , an undoubtedly beautiful golf course but one that elicits a different pitch to Hoylake . Ahead of the Royal and Ancient 's September vote on whether to admit female members for the first time , Muirfield is one of only three clubs on The Open rotation to remain male only . That heralded a wave of negative press this time last year . Hoylake , however , is n't having to withstand anything like that . You only need look at 2014 's patrons to notice the difference . Walking around the links you are just as likely to encounter the red of Liverpool or the blue of Everton -- the city 's two English Premier League soccer teams -- as heavily branded golfing apparel . At 22 this is Mark Budd 's third Open championship but his first visit to Hoylake . "  It 's such a friendly and welcoming atmosphere here , people ca n't do enough for you , " he said . "  Some places can be a bit snooty but there 's none of that here . " Pete Squires is one of those locals helping to make visitors feel welcome . "  It 's important for us not to just give a good account golf wise , but also as a region , " the 45-year-old said . "  There an immense sense of pride at having The Open here and that 's reflected in the attitude . No one here acts better than anyone else and that 's exactly the way it should be . " Home favorite Merseyside loves nothing better than one of its own , especially someone with a story to tell like John Singleton . The resin factory worker thought his pro career had vanished due to injury but after giving it another crack he qualified for The Open at a course just a stone 's throw from his home . During his first round he often diverted towards the gallery to high five one of a small army of friends and family who have come to support him at his first major tournament . Even the 30-year-old 's fiancÃ © e Lucy Johnson walked all 18 holes with him despite being eight months pregnant . "  I ca n't tell you how much I 've felt at home already , " Singleton told CNN before teeing off Thursday . "  It 's so close to home . I 've got so many friends and family here , you walk on the tee and everyone is cheering . I 've been having a good laugh with people and that takes all the nerves away . "  They are so happy I 'm here playing it just takes the pressure off you . It 's a great feeling to have . " Tough times Perhaps there is an extra helping of pride because the past has seen bouts of severe hardship . A toxic social and economic climate in the early 1980s saw pitched battles between the public and police . The riots prompted a leading minister in the ruling Conservative government of the time to suggest that Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher abandon Liverpool to a destiny of "  managed decline . " Instead she dispatched Michael Heseltine northwards , a Tory grandee who would become known as the "  Minister of Merseyside " , and he helped trigger a wave of regeneration that would help transform the city 's landscape . "  The Scousers  as people from Liverpool are known  do n't actually look at people 's background , they look at what they do , so Heseltine is a hero around here , " explained Cross . "  After the 1981 riots , Heseltine brought businessman round in buses to show them what could be done . He set in store all the good things that have happened to Liverpool . "  When he was given the freedom of the city two years ago politicians from all sides were queuing up to pay homage to him and that indicates the public here look at what people do , not necessarily what they say . " Woods ' two-shot win in 2006 also resonated deeply on Merseyside . It was Hoylake 's first British Open for 39 years and a lot graft had gone into making this , the second oldest golf course in England , fit to stage it . A glorious return While infrastructure and space had always been an issue , heritage was n't . Built in 1869 , this was the setting for the first ever Amateur Championship in 1885 and the first ever international match -- between England and Scotland -- in 1902 . It hosted one leg of the most feted feat in golf â $ " Bobby Jones ' "  impregnable quadrilateral " in 1930 when he clinched all four major titles on offer in the same season . And it was the scene for Roberto Di Vicenzo 's only major win in 1967 , the first by an Argentinean . Then came those years in the wilderness . By the time Woods and his peers rolled up to Liverpool eight years ago the entire city was fit to burst . Golf 's oldest major did n't disappoint , and neither did the weather . While ticketing , stewarding and layout were planned in meticulous detail the skies above were the one thing the club could n't control . It has always been a factor in these parts . The old saying goes ` If you ca n't see the Welsh coast across the peninsula it 's raining . If you can , then it 's about to . " But that week the unfamiliar bedfellows "  heatwave " and "  Liverpool " knitted together divinely . Ever browner , scorched earth offered such firm terrain that 14-time major champion Woods used his driver just once all week , preferring instead to shape his irons round Hoylake 's contours . As captain that year it was Cross ' responsibility to hand the fabled Claret Jug to Tiger , the third he has claimed in an illustrious roll call of victories . "  It was a fairytale Open for us , " Cross explained . "  A return after 39 years , the event was watched by record crowds under beating sunshine . "  We had the world 's greatest golfer at that time -- unarguably -- win the oldest and most revered major championship in golf on our own territory . You ca n't get more fairytale than that . " "  The other wonderful thing I remember about it was the great sense of community spirit . The Open , while it has its global impact and interest , is actually a great community tournament . "  There 's about 10,000 people working here this year in one sense or another , many of them volunteers simply doing it for the love not the money . "	The last time The Open Championship came to Hoylake it was dubbed ` The People 's Open " A relaxed vibe at the course differentiates it from other venues Open organizers the R&A estimate attendances for 2014 will reach 200,000
CNN Student News  -- February 11 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Egypt • Washington , D.C. Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : I 'm Carl Azuz , and Fridays are awesome , especially when they start with a former NFL star . WARRICK DUNN , FORMER NFL RUNNING BACK : What 's up ! I 'm Warrick Dunn , and this is CNN Student News . Check it out ! First Up : Egypt in Crisis AZUZ : Scenes of celebration turn to shouts of anger as the crisis in Egypt takes a new turn . This political unrest in the North African nation started late last month . Thousands of protesters marching in the streets , calling for a change in leadership . Their main target : long-time President Hosni Mubarak . These protesters want him out of office now . Yesterday , a huge crowd showed up in the downtown square where a lot of these protests have been going on . The people there were cheering , getting ready for a speech that President Mubarak was scheduled to make , and the rumors were that he was going to step down . During his speech , Mubarak said that he will keep his promise to leave office in the fall after new elections . He said that he 's delegating power to the vice president . And he said that he will respond to protesters ' demands . What he did not say was that he would immediately leave office . The response from the crowd in the square was immediate , and it was angry . Crowds began chanting "  get out " as the president spoke . This is a dynamic situation ; things are changing ; they 're developing all the time . We want you to go to CNN.com for the latest updates . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The next U.S. presidential election takes place on November 6 , 2011 . Not true ! It 's exactly one year after that , on November 6 , 2012 . 2012 Contenders AZUZ : The election might be 21 months away , but the lines are forming for people who may want to get into the race . And a convention happening right now in Washington , D.C. may offer some ideas about who will be on the ballot . It 's CPAC , the Conservative Political Action Conference . Thousands of conservatives from across the country are spending three days in the nation 's capital . They 'll hear speeches from some big names in the Republican party , and they 'll take part in a straw poll . It 's an unofficial vote , and this one includes 15 candidates . Some analysts use these polls to make predictions about who might end up running for president . Ed Henry is CNN 's senior White House correspondent ; no stranger to the presidential campaign trail . He 's here to help explain some of the pros and cons of running for the country 's highest political office . BEGIN VIDEO ED HENRY , CNN SR. . WHITE HOUSE CORRESPONDENT : When we take a close look at the contenders for 2012 , we obviously need to include the sitting president of the United States . But while incumbency has its privileges , it also clearly brings some challenges as well . Call it the power of the presidency . Especially that 416-ton , taxpayer-financed jet that helps you rally voters , rake in millions , and grab headlines from coast to coast . JACK QUINN , DEMOCRATIC STRATEGIST : When he goes into local markets -- you 've been all over with him -- he sucks all the oxygen out of the air . HENRY : Allowing President Obama to road-test a potential 2012 campaign slogan popping up on new t-shirts that say "  we do big things . " BARACK OBAMA , PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES : We can do what this moment demands and focus on what 's necessary for America to win the future . HENRY : But incumbency also has a downside . ED GILLESPIE , FORMER RNC CHAIRMAN : They do bad things , and the policies that they 've imposed have not helped us get unemployment down to where it ought to be . HENRY : The candidate of hope and change in 2008 was largely a blank slate . Now , he has to defend a controversial record , which is why he tried to hit the reset button and focus on jobs in his State of the Union . But the crisis in Egypt is a reminder : sometimes incumbents set the agenda , other times it gets set for them . So far , there 's no sign of a serious primary challenge to the president . And he may also be helped by the Republicans ' muddled field so far . But Ed Gillespie argues that tough competition could help the GOP , just like the Democratic primary of 2008 . HILLARY CLINTON , SECRETARY OF STATE : Shame on you , Barack Obama ! HENRY : While the pundits warned that the long drama of Clinton v. Obama would hurt the party , just the opposite happened . GILLESPIE : It made Obama better when he emerged as the nominee . He was a stronger nominee for it . HENRY : By 2012 , the president will have had four years of hand-to-hand combat , this time with Republicans . The big question now is whether those battles have , once again , made him a stronger nominee . END VIDEO Shoutout JOHN LISK , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mr. Finn 's 6th grade social studies students in Pewaukee , Wisconsin ! Which U.S. president is known as the "  Great Emancipator " ? You know what to do ! Is it : A  Washington , B  Jefferson , C  Lincoln or D  Roosevelt ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! President Abraham Lincoln , or Honest Abe , is also known as the Great Emancipator . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Lincoln 's Birthday AZUZ : Lincoln got that nickname because he 's credited with freeing , or emancipating , the country 's slaves through his Emancipation Proclamation in 1863 . President Lincoln also pushed for the passage of the 13th Amendment , which outlawed slavery in the United States . That was one of his big campaign issues when he ran for re-election in 1864 . And Honest Abe has a birthday coming up . This Saturday , February 12th , marks the 202nd anniversary of the birth of the 16th president . The fact that Lincoln , the Great Emancipator , was born in February is part of the reason why February was picked as Black History Month . Black History Month Quiz AZUZ : And our commemoration of Black History Month continues today . For this quick quiz , we 're focusing on African-American inventors . First question for you : Ironing out wrinkles is a lot easier thanks to the ironing board . Who created it ? Was it George Washington Carver , Sarah Boone or Garrett Morgan ? Anwer is : On April 26 , 1892 , Sarah Boone received a patent for an ironing board made of a narrow wooden board , collapsible legs and a padded cover . Next up , something you 're probably familiar with : the pencil sharpener . Who came up with this invention ? Your choices here : Charles Brooks , Lonnie Johnson or John Love ? Here we go : It was John Love , patented his design for the pencil sharpener in 1897 . Last question , and this one 's gon na be tough . Any of you who use a hair brush with synthetic bristles , who do you have to thank for it ? Was it Madam C.J. Walker , Lyda Newman or Marie Brown ? Our last answer : Lyda Newman did n't invent the hair brush , but she was the first person to make one with synthetic bristles . You can research all of these inventors and their inventions as part of your celebration of Black History Month . And stay tuned for more coverage on CNN Student News , including our interview with Warrick Dunn , whom you saw at the beginning of today 's show . Guiding the Way AZUZ : You hear a lot about how you 'll use what you learn in school later on in life . But there 's a group of 7th graders in Texas that do n't want to wait that long . They 're using knowledge from their robotics class right now . Shannon Murray of affiliate KOSA shows us how a class lesson turned into a lifeline for one of their fellow students . BEGIN VIDEO DANTE HALL , 7TH GRADER : In 2007 , I lost my eyesight from a bad asthma attack . The worst one I 've ever had . SHANNON MURRAY , KOSA REPORTER : An asthma attack so bad that Dante Hall not only lost his sight , but all feeling in his fingertips , making it difficult to learn braille . CLAIRE LANCASTER , CLASSMATE : He was just telling us how it 's really hard for him to get around with a cane because people jump over it and run in front of it . JOSEPH VELASCO , CLASSMATE : He only has a cane and he 's walking through the halls , and people mess with him and play around and he ca n't see anything . MURRAY : And they found the perfect way to help . CURT COWDREY , TEACHER : After I was told about his impairment and some of the abilities he does n't have , our thinking was get him in here , get him working with robotics , get his fingers to working again . DANTE : Robotics is a great class , the best class I 've ever been in . I 've got a lot of people helping me . SAMUEL HIGGINS , CLASSMATE : We 're trying to get it to go to each one of his classes , and I think he would love that . I know he will . MURRAY : Not only is Dante finding his way to class , he 's also found a group of friends . VELASCO : We 're kind of like a little bit of a family . DANTE : I have n't been happy in a long time . END VIDEO Make us your home page ! AZUZ : It 's an excellent story . You can watch that -- or any of our shows -- again at CNNStudentNews.com . Just one reason why you should make us your home page . Links that take you more in depth into stories from the program . And our Spotlight section , where you can find all of our Black History Month materials . CNNStudentNews.com : a one-stop spot for everything you need . Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we want you to check out a business model that 's designed for all seasons . When the temperature gets colder , the drinks get warmer , and you end up with the winter version of a lemonade stand . The igloo supposedly maintains a steady 55 degrees . Would be a little worried that the hot chocolate might melt the walls , but I 'm sure these enterprising entrepreneurs have a solid plan in place . And it seems like they 're making at least one sale . Goodbye AZUZ : Though you might chocolate of that up to being the only game in town . Today 's sign-off line from Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews comes from Spencer : I 'm Carl Azuz , and up next is your teacher speaking . Have a great weekend !	Find out why scenes of celebration turned into shouts of anger in Egypt Consider some of the challenges involved in running for the U.S. presidency See how some Texas students are using their robotics class to help a peer Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Iraq war has strained U.S. forces to the point where they could not fight another large-scale war , according to a survey of military officers . U.S. troops patrol Haifa Street in Baghdad last week . Of those surveyed , 88 percent believe the demands of the Iraq war have "  stretched the U.S. military dangerously thin . " On the other hand , 56 percent of the officers disagree that the war has "  broken " the military . Eighty percent of officers believe it is unreasonable to expect the U.S. military to wage another major war successfully at present . Foreign Policy magazine and the Center for a New American Security on Tuesday issued the U.S. Military Index , a survey of 3,400 present and former U.S. military officers . "  We asked the officers whether they thought the U.S. military was stronger or weaker than it was five years ago , " said Michael Boyer , who helped write the report . "  Sixty percent said the U.S. military is weaker than it was five years ago , " Boyer told reporters . The report found that officers "  see a military apparatus severely strained by the grinding demands of war . " More than half of the officers responding cited the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , and the "  pace of troop deployments " needed for those conflicts , the survey said . The report comes a few weeks before the five-year anniversary of the Iraq war , where a troop "  surge " is winding down by summer . The U.S. military is proposing a pause in troop reductions for a period of review before any more decisions on withdrawals . The officers have "  an overwhelmingly negative view " of many of the early decisions shaping the Iraq war , but most believe the present U.S. counterinsurgency strategy and troop increases are good omens for success in Iraq . A majority of officers in the Iraq war say some policy decisions have "  hindered the prospects for success there . " "  These include shortening the time units spend at home between deployments and accepting more recruits who do not meet the military 's standards . Even the military 's ability to care for some of its own -- mentally wounded soldiers and veterans -- was judged by most officers to be substandard , " the survey found . At the same time , 64 percent of the officers believe morale in the military remains high . Nearly three-quarters of the officers believe civilian leaders set "  unreasonable goals for the military in post-Saddam Iraq . " "  They believe more troops were needed on the ground at the start of the fighting . They believe disbanding the Iraqi military was a mistake , " the survey said . However , nearly nine of 10 think the surge and Gen. David Petraeus ' counterinsurgency strategy are "  raising the U.S. military 's chance for success there . " The officers believe "  that either China or Iran , not the United States , is emerging as the strategic victor " in the Iraq war . "  The United States has been preoccupied away from Asia , " said Kurt Campbell , the head of the group that conducted the survey . China 's rising influence worldwide predates the war but is part of a "  great game under way in Asia for influence , for relationships , " Campbell said . The U.S. focus on Iraq "  sends a message to our friends and others that maybe we 're not as focused on the drama that 's playing out there , " he said . Iran has gained from the war because of the removal of Iraq "  as a strategic counterweight , " the report said . The survey portrayed Iran , the Taiwan Strait  where tensions have flared between China and Taiwan  , Syria and North Korea as four potential hot spots and sought opinions of how prepared the U.S. is "  to successfully fight a major combat operation there . " Officers were asked to judge the preparedness of the U.S. on a scale of one to 10 , with 10 meaning "  fully prepared " and one indicating "  unable to execute . " Iran was rated 4.5 , the Taiwan Strait  where there have been tensions between China and Taiwan  4.9 , Syria 5.1 , and North Korea 4.7 . The officers ranked the Navy and Air Force readiness the highest at 6.8 and 6.6 , respectively . The Army and Marines , which have assumed the "  bulk of the burden in Iraq and Afghanistan , " ranked 4.7 and 5.7 , respectively . Other results of the survey :	Eighty percent of officers : It 's unreasonable to expect U.S. to wage another major war Officers have "  overwhelmingly negative view " of early decisions shaping Iraq war Fifty-six percent of officers disagree that the Iraq war has "  broken " the military Results based on survey of 3,400 present and former U.S. military officers
CNN  -- David Bartal is a journalist who grew up in Los Angeles and moved to Sweden after marrying a Swedish woman . He has lived in Stockholm for more than 20 years and writes the blog "  Cool Stockholm , " which looks at the hottest trends in the Swedish capital . Blogger David Bartal describes Stockholm as "  progressive , quite tolerant , somewhat reserved and beautiful . " CNN : What is your favorite thing about Stockholm ? David Bartal : Nature is close and accessible . Even if you live in the middle of the city you can get to a forest in a short time , but you still have that big-city feeling . CNN : Swedes have a reputation as being cold or hard to get to know -- is that fair ? DB : I would n't say they 're cold , but they are shy . People are n't especially keen to talk to strangers -- they can do quite nicely without them . People are a bit more reserved than in the U.S. , which may not be a bad thing , but if you take the initiative they may be delighted to get to know you and become good friends . And no people are entirely homogenous . There are lots of extrovert , crazy Swedes -- and many of them are my friends . Watch ABBA songwriter Bjorn Ulvaeus take CNN on a tour of Stockholm " CNN : What is Stockholm like in the winter ? DB : Between December and March the winter can get a bit long . It 's not the cold as much as the dark -- it can make people glum . In the winter , the sun sets at four o'clock , but in summer you get incredibly long , beautiful days . It 's one of the most beautiful cities on earth and it 's fun to be here in the summertime . CNN : What do Stockholmers like to do in the summer ? DB : In the summertime many will go to their country houses , they want to get out of the city . If they have a boat they want to be on the boat . In early August there are crayfish parties . People get together in groups and put on conical hats and paper napkins and eat crayfish , drink hard liquor and sing drinking songs . I 've become quite assimilated , but not assimilated enough for crayfish parties ! Foreigners just shake their heads in wonder . See photos of Bjorn Ulvaeus in Stockholm " CNN : What areas are good for nightlife ? DB : There are two options : Stureplan has glitzy clubs and fancy restaurants . Party people might typically start their evening at the "  little bar " at Riche , which has good DJs and attracts an arty crowd , then shift to Berns at midnight for flirting and dancing , and if they know the doorman or are feeling lucky , party in the early hours at celebrity hot-spot Spy Bar . There 's also an area on the south side , mainly up on Mosebacke . It 's funkier , a little more bohemian and a little more mellow , with clubs and music venues . You have to trudge up a steep cobble-stone street to get to the top of Mosebacke , but it 's worth the climb . The view of the city at night is amazing and there are some cool nightspots . One of them is Kägelbanan  which means bowling hall  . I danced my socks off not long ago there to some high-energy Turkish pop . What makes Stockholm special to you ? Tell us in the SoundOff box below CNN : Sweden is known for its design -- are Stockholmers a fashionable bunch ? DB : They are fashion conscious -- people follow trends quite slavishly . This season men are wearing red pants and women are wearing gladiator sandals -- it 's almost mandatory . CNN : What are the latest trends in the city ? DB : There 's a lot of variety in coffee shops that did n't exist previously . There are imitation New York coffee shops , but there is also some innovation . Ljunggren Cafe , on the south side of town , is very designed . It has low , gray couches spread over a large area creating a very social environment ; it 's great for people watching . Also , when it comes to coffee shops I recommend Vete-katten at Kungsgatan 55 . It 's authentic and retro , furnished like your great-aunt 's parlor . They make a delicious open-faced shrimp sandwich and awesome pastries . CNN : If Stockholm were a person , what would he or she be like ? DB : Progressive , quite tolerant , somewhat reserved , and beautiful .	Culture-vulture David Bartal has lived in Stockholm for more than 20 years Nature is close by but Stockholm still maintains a big-city feeling , he says People may be a bit shy , but there are also "  lots of extrovert , crazy Swedes "
PHILADELPHIA , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Shoppers who listen closely as they approach Franklin Mills Mall in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania , can hear the sounds of gunfire from inside . But it 's nothing to worry about . Potential recruits play virtual-combat games at an Army recruiting center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . The noise is coming from a 14,500-square-foot unit tucked in next to the Banana Republic and Victoria 's Secret shops -- the Army Experience Center , a state-of-the-art facility with a Humvee , a Black Hawk helicopter and an Apache gunship . The facility , the only one of its kind in the nation , represents a $ 12 million , two-year experiment by the Army to boost recruiting numbers . "  Enemy right , enemy right ! " echoes from the Black Hawk simulator room , where new recruits Zach Ziegler and Spencer Elmore grip M4 assault rifles as they fire at the enemy in a virtual war zone . The two 19-year-olds said they like the upscale feel of the center and the fact that the recruiters were not pushy when they came to inquire . "  It helps them recruit people , but it does n't force them , " Elmore said . "  You come to play games , and your eye starts to wonder what the Army does have to offer , and maybe it 's something for me . " The Philadelphia area has proven difficult for Army recruiters , they said , and they hope this center will increase enlistment . The center and its 22 recruiters replaced five smaller recruitment offices in the area . Four months into the experiment , the center has signed up 37 full-time soldiers and five reservists . See the Army Experience Center " The new marketing approach includes 60 computers and 19 Xbox games for a hands-on , virtual reality experience that youth of all ages can participate in . Some come just to play games after school . "  They have all these kids in here that are 13 , 14 , 15 years old , " said new recruit Brett Verbich , who signed up to be a Black Hawk mechanic . "  They get more exposed to it now because , you know , they are not going to walk into a regular recruiting station at 14 years old thinking about going into the Army . " Maj. Larry Dillard , a program manager based at the Pentagon , has been intimately involved with the creation of the center . One of its goals , he said , is to help overcome misconceptions about the Army . "  You can get all of your questions answered , and in the Army experience center you 're not going to get a pushy , hard sell , " he said . "  I mean , we really just want people to understand the Army . If you come in and decide the Army 's not for you , but you leave understanding the Army better , then from our perspective that 's success . " As the U.S. wages wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , the Army has been looking at new approaches to attracting soldiers since a dismal recruiting year in 2005 . Other steps have included increasing bonuses , hiring more recruiters and easing some standards . High unemployment tends to be good for Army recruiting , so the latest downturn also has helped sign up more people . The Army surpassed its goal of 80,000 recruits in the fiscal year that ended September 30 .	U.S. Army opens a virtual-combat gaming center in a Philadelphia , Pennsylvania mall State-of-the-art facility is a two-year Army recruiting experiment The center includes a Black Hawk helicopter that provides a feel for combat Potential recruit : It "  helps them recruit people , but it does n't force them "
New York  CNN  -- The world 's most valuable book sold Tuesday for $ 14.16 million at Sotheby 's in New York , according to the auction house . The rare Bay Psalm Book is the first book ever written and printed in what is now the United States . Its sale set a record for a book sold at auction , Sotheby 's said . Philanthropist David Rubenstein purchased one of 11 surviving copies . He "  plans to share it with the American public by loaning it to libraries across the country , before putting it on long-term loan at one of them , " according to Sotheby 's . The Bay Psalm Book is a translation of the biblical psalms by the Puritans and was an important part of their church service . "  It 's so very valuable because it is the beginning of Western civilization in our country , " said David Redden , vice chairman of Sotheby 's . "  In fact , it is the first poetry in America -- it 's as simple as that . " Currently , the 11 surviving versions of the 1,700 originally printed are in institutional collections , including Harvard , Yale , Oxford , the New York Public Library and the Huntington Library in California . The book auctioned Tuesday is from the collection of the Old South Church in Boston , Massachusetts , which had it for more than 300 years . It is one of two copies in their possession , with the sale intended to support its mission and ministry in Boston . Congregationalist Puritans , who settled around Massachusetts Bay in search of religious freedom , wanted to translate and produce a version of the Book of Psalms closer to the Hebrew original than the one they had brought over from England . The first edition of the Bay Psalm Book was printed in Cambridge , Massachusetts . Tuesday 's sale is the first time since 1947 and the second time since 1894 that a copy has appeared at auction . In 1947 , it achieved a higher price than any other book printed at the time , when Sotheby 's sold it for $ 151,000 . "  This little book of 1640 was a precursor to Lexington and Concord , and , ultimately , to American political independence , " Redden said . "  With it , New England declared its independence from the Church of England . " Tuesday 's sale eclipses the previous auction record for a printed book , at Sotheby 's London , when a copy of John James Audubon 's Birds of America sold for $ 11.5 million in 2010 , the auction house said . Francis Bacon painting auctioned for more than $ 142 million , breaks record Flawless white diamond sells for record $ 30 million at Hong Kong auction	Buyer is philanthropist David Rubenstein Gavel goes down at $ 14.2 million at Sotheby 's Rare Bay Psalm Book is the first book ever written and printed in America The book came from the collection of the Old South Church in Boston
Cairo  CNN  -- Egypt 's Presidential Election Commission has delayed , from Thursday until a date to be announced , the release of the results of Egypt 's presidential election , state-run Nile TV reported Wednesday . "  The committee has not completed the verification of a total of 400 electoral violation reports submitted by the two presidential candidates , " said Tarek Shibl , a senior member of electoral committee . "  Most probably the announcement of the election results will be delayed a day or two but nothing is final yet . " Earlier Wednesday , the former ruler , ousted Egyptian strongman Hosni Mubarak , was removed from life-support equipment , his health improved a day after a state-run news agency reported that he was "  clinically dead , " his attorney said . "  The hospital will issue a statement shortly about his official medical status to curb the rumors and confusion from last night about his death reported by irresponsible media that has driven the country into a state of madness , " Farid El Deeb , Mubarak 's attorney , said Wednesday . The official Middle East News Agency reported late Tuesday that Mubarak was clinically dead ; the nation 's military rulers denied it . "  He is not clinically dead as reported , but his health is deteriorating and he is in critical condition , " said Gen. Mamdouh Shahin , a member of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces . Nile TV issued a similar report Wednesday . Mubarak , 84 , was reported to have been taken Tuesday to a military hospital in Cairo after suffering a stroke in prison . But reports of Mubarak 's failing health have taken a back seat to the political and constitutional turmoil in the country . The results of last weekend 's runoff between Ahmed Shafik , the last prime minister to serve under Mubarak , and Mohamed Morsi , the Muslim Brotherhood candidate , remain uncertain . "  It 's all in the hands " of election officials and not the military council , " said SCAF spokesman Lt. Col. Mohamed Askar . Shafik and Mosri each proclaimed himself winner in the race to succeed Mubarak 16 months after a popular uprising ended his three-decade rule . Thousands of Egyptians gathered Tuesday night in Cairo 's Tahrir Square -- the birthplace of the anti-Mubarak ferment -- to show their support for their preferred candidate . Each side in the election has accused the other of voting irregularities and called for an investigation . Both presidential candidates claim victory in Egypt Judges for Egypt , an independent group citing unofficial projections , told reporters Wednesday that Morsi had won . Mahmoud Ghozlan , a Muslim Brotherhood spokesman , said that if Shafik is "  proclaimed a winner tomorrow , then it 's sheer forgery . " Observers have been questioning how much authority the president -- whoever he turns out to be -- will have given that SCAF last week stripped the position of much of its power . "  I 'm uncertain where we are going , " Salma Othman , a 32-year-old Cairo real estate agent , told CNN . "  Why are we electing a president if SCAF is issuing a constitutional decree limiting the powers of the president ? " "  Nothing 's changed , everyone 's negative , " said Massa el Gamal , an 18-year-old Cairo student . "  I would hope that the new president would bring the people together , but what 's happening now is that they are driving people against each other . Do n't they know that they will be president of all Egyptians ? By the way , I did n't vote because I 'm not convinced with either candidate , " she said . Hani Abou Gabal , a 42-year-old public relations manager , said the military rulers were doing all they could to "  not give up the country to the Muslim Brotherhood . " What is the Muslim Brotherhood ? "  I hope it will be the liberal who wins -- I mean Shafik -- and I think there will be some blood before it calms down , " he said . "  Egypt will stabilize -- only by force . Force is the only way to deal with Egyptian mentality . " Shafik is also the favorite for Magda Abdel-Fattah , a 57-year-old human resources manager , because she does n't want her "  civilization " and "  culture erased . " "  In all cases , it will be chaotic , " she said . "  In my view , the mob are the ones in the street today  protesting  . The cultured revolutionaries are home are in their homes . " Military rulers dissolved the lower house of parliament last week , extending their power and sparking accusations of a coup . The military council announced it had full legislative authority . The Muslim Brotherhood , the country 's largest Islamist group , was the dominant party in the parliament . Under an interim constitutional declaration released Monday , the military council retains the power to make laws and budget decisions until a new constitution is written and a new parliament elected . The declaration says Supreme Council members "  shall decide all matters related to military affairs , including the appointment of its leaders . " The president has the power to declare war , it says , but only "  after the approval " of the Supreme Council . Former U.S. President Jimmy Carter , whose Carter Center observed the elections , which issued preliminary findings about the runoff -- said Tuesday that he was "  deeply troubled by the undemocratic turn " in Egypt 's transition . How Egypt 's generals cut the revolution down to size "  The dissolution of the democratically elected parliament and the return of elements of martial law generated uncertainty about the constitutional process before the election , " he said in a written statement . "  The Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ' new Constitutional Declaration , in which they carve out special privileges for the military and inject themselves into the constitution drafting process , violates their prior commitment to the Egyptian people to make a full transfer of power to an elected civilian government . " More than 800 people died and 6,000 were wounded during the uprising that ended Mubarak 's 29-year rule in February 2011 . The ex-president and his former interior minister , Habib al-Adly , were convicted of ordering security forces to kill anti-government protesters and this month were given life terms . But other top aides -- as well as Mubarak 's two sons , who had been tried on corruption charges -- were acquitted . Mubarak became president after the in October 1981 assassination of his predecessor , Anwar Sadat . Mubarak ruled Egypt with an iron hand and as a staunch ally of the United States , which gives the nation $ 1.3 billion a year in military aid . Prior to his sentencing , Mubarak was already suffering from health problems ; he attended court on a gurney . Citizens were cynical or fatalistic about the Mubarak health scare Tuesday . Othman , the Cairo real estate agent , referred to the health scare as a "  dishonest staged play . " She said she thinks rumors have been spread "  to divert attention from election results . " El Gamal , the Cairo student , said she believes the latest accounts about Mubarak 's health were staged to evoke "  sympathy from the street . " Whatever happens to Mubarak in the short term , he is "  finished , " Abdel-Fattah said . "  Mubarak died a year and half ago as far as I 'm concerned , " the human resources manager said . Fast facts on Hosni Mubarak CNN 's Ivan Watson and Salma Abdelaziz and Journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : An electoral committee member says the results will be delayed "  a day or two " If Shafik is "  proclaimed a winner ... it 's sheer forgery , " a Muslim Brotherhood official says Two presidential contenders proclaim themselves winners in weekend election Military rulers plan to announce the results of the presidential runoff Thursday
CNN  -- Drumming on the beach , moving in time with junkanu dancers and eating heaping plates of mashed plantain soaked in coconut stew -- more than likely these are n't the experiences you imagine while planning a trip to Belize . In fact , you have to venture off the newbie trail , and head to the southern Stann Creek and Toledo Districts to experience Belize 's unique Afro-Caribbean Garifuna culture . The Garifuna live along the coast , in the most scenic areas of Belize , where miles of beaches run east to south . One of the smallest groups in the country , they make up just 4 % of a total population of around 325,000 . The Garifuna are descendants of Carib Indians and West Africans who escaped Spanish slave ships wrecked off the coast of St. Vincent in 1635 . In 1763 , when the British invaded , the Garífuna were exiled to Roatán in 1798 . From there , they migrated to mainland Honduras , and continued along the coast -- to Guatemala , Nicaragua and arriving in Belize by dugout canoe in 1802 . According to the Belize National Garífuna Council , there are an estimated 500,000 Garífuna worldwide , including large populations in the United States . About 15,000 remain in Belize , primarily in Dangriga , Hopkins , Seine Bight , Punta Gorda and Barranco . Passing through these areas , it 's difficult to tell that this culture has an endangered status . Signs of African ancestry are evident , whether in the thatched roofs of ceremonial temples , frequent echo of drums , fishing canoes dotting the sea at sunrise or girls having their hair braided under a tree on a hot afternoon . "  Many of the kids are losing the language ; they 're embarrassed to speak it , " says Marva Augustin , a Hopkins Village native and owner of Laruni Hati Beyabu  "  Under the Moonlight "  Diner . Partially a reaction to language erosion , a community-wide effort has taken hold to preserve and share the Afro-Amerindian heritage , particularly through music , dance and food . This summer , The Garífuna Collective , seven talented musicians hailing from Belize 's Garífuna villages , toured the U.S. and Canada for the first time , winning over crowds with traditional , hip-swaying beats . "  I see us as a vehicle for the next generation , " says Joshua Arana , the band 's lead drummer and one of Belize 's most respected musicians . Arana also teaches at Galen University , in western Belize . In Belize , tourism continues to creep along the coast and local towns and villages are offering more opportunities for visitor interaction . "  The Garífuna culture is n't only for the Garífuna , it 's to be shared with the world , " says Desiree Diego , a native of Dangriga and lead singer of the Garífuna Collective . Here are seven ways to take her up on the offer . 1 . Tour a Garífuna museum The country 's primary collection of Garifuna artifacts is housed at the Luba Garífuna Museum in Belize City . On display are cooking utensils , arts and crafts , photographs , books and traditional clothing . Others worth visiting are the Gulisi Garífuna Museum in Dangriga and the Barranco Culture House in the Toledo District . Luba Garífuna Museum , 4202 Fern Lane , corner of Jasmine and Mahogany Streets , Belize City ; +501 202 4331 ; Luba_Garifuna@yahoo.com; 8 a.m.-5 p.m. ; $ 5 Gulisi Garífuna Museum in Dangriga , Mile 2 on Hummingbird Highway , Belize City ; +501 661 0720 ; gulisimuseum@yahoo.com; Monday-Friday 10 a.m.-5 p.m , Saturday 9 a.m.-noon ; $ 5 Barranco Culture House , village of Barranco , two hours ' drive from of Punta Gorda , in Toledo District 2 . Sample traditional Garífuna dishes Traditional dishes consist of cassava , fish , coconut and mashed plantains . In every Garífuna kitchen you 'll find cooking utensils such as coconut graters , mortar and pestle and other tools reminiscent of West African ancestry . At Hopkins Village , several eateries offer traditional dishes in an effort to expose visitors to local cuisine . A typical offering is a plate of hudut -- fish cooked in a coconut broth and served with mashed plantains . No fork needed . Laruni Hati Beyabu Diner , Northside , Hopkins Village ; +501 661 5753 , 10 a.m.-9 p.m. ; entrees $ 4-8 Innie 's , Hopkins Village Road ; +501 503 7333 , 7 a.m.-9 p.m. ; entrees $ 4-10 3 . Take drumming lessons A symbol of the Garífuna culture , drums represent a connection to African ancestors . In Hopkins , the award-winning Lebeha Drumming Center offers individual and group lessons . Students learn the differences between primero and segundo drums and punta and paranda beats . The Warasa Garifuna Drum School in Punta Gorda is another great choice . Lebeha Drumming Center , Northside , Hopkins Village ; +501 665 9305 ; $ 15 per hour Warasa Garífuna Drum School , New Road , Punta Gorda ; +501 632 7701 ; Monday-Friday 4:30 -8 p.m. , Sunday 9 a.m.-8 p.m. ; $ 12.50 per hour 4 . Tour a cassava bread farm Three miles outside Dangriga , the family-run Sabal Farm produces cassava bread , a Garífuna staple . The thin , cracker-like snack is distributed and sold across various parts of Belize . "  We are the only cassava-making farm in the country , " says Cyril Sabal . "  We 've been here for 25 years , and we bake twice a week . " The process begins with a group of eight women , who sit in a circle talking while peeling 12 bags of cassava over four hours . Simultaneously , peeled roots are passed on to be washed , grated , sifted and prepared into a thin flour . Then the women skillfully toss and bake the bread by fire hearth . To schedule a visit , contact Belize licensed tour guide David Obi  +501 602 3077 ; $ 20 per person  . 5 . Make a drum In Dangriga , on a corner of Y-Not Island , where the North Stann Creek River merges with the sea , Austin Rodriguez , 82 , carves the country 's finest Garifuna drums . Against a backdrop of pelicans and fishermen at sea , Rodriguez and his daughter have kept the drum-making tradition alive for close to 30 years . Stop by the beachfront space for an impromptu or scheduled lesson , in exchange for a donation of your choice . "  I opened this shop so the young people will come learn how to make Garífuna drums , " says Rodriguez . "  But anyone can come . I am here all day , until the night . " The entire drum making process takes at least a week and you 'll need all the muscles you 've got . You can try your hand at any of the various stages , from using a chainsaw to hollow out the wood -- typically cedar or mahogany -- to preparing and attaching the deer skin to the top of the drum with vines . Or you can pick up an autographed instrument on your way out , available for sale in various sizes . Austin Rodriguez , Y-Not Island , Dangriga ; casual , drop-in system preferred ; no charge but donations welcome 6 . Visit Hopkins Village The Garífuna village of Hopkins has a near five-mile stretch of sand , with few people in sight at any one time . No vendors and no noise , aside from the sound of distant drums . The village offers a wide range of affordable accommodations , Garífuna restaurants and a drumming school , making Hopkins an ideal place to enjoy and appreciate Garifuna culture . Hopkins Bay Resort ; +501 523 7320 or +1 877 467 2297  U.S.  ; rooms from $ 250 7 . Experience Garífuna Settlement Day in Dangriga Garífuna Settlement Day  November 19  celebrates the arrival of the Garifuna people to Belize by dugout canoe , with a live reenactment along the shores of Dangriga . Dusk-till-dawn drumming and dancing at local bars , or "  sheds , " begins on November 18 . At sunrise , crowds along the banks of the North Stann Creek River cheer the arrival of the dories . The day continues with drumming in the streets , a religious ceremony and an afternoon parade . Pelican Beach Resort , near airstrip , Dangriga Town ; +501 522 2044 ; rooms from $ 135	Belize 's Garifuna people are fighting to preserve endangered culture Food and music provide easy , fulfilling entrees into unique Afro-Amerindian heritage Drums -- both playing and making them -- are the heart of Garifuna culture
CNN  -- The National Football League wants to make it clear that tailgating will not be banned at Super Bowl XLVIII . But fans wo n't be allowed to spread out their pregame festivities like they did in the regular season . The blueprint of New Jersey 's MetLife Stadium on February 2 , 2014 , will look vastly different than it did in the regular season , according to NFL spokesman Brian McCarthy . MetLife Stadium will need to secure 15,000 of its 28,000 available parking spaces for security and media purposes , leaving 13,000 parking spots for the expected 80,000 ticket-holders , McCarthy said . Fans will still be able to bring food and beverages , just like they would for a regular season game ; and the "  no lit flame " rule will still apply -- enacted after the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 . But fans will not be allowed to take up multiple parking spots for their blacktop bashes , McCarthy said . According to the MetLife Stadium parking guidelines , all tailgating items must be set up in front of or behind one vehicle . "  When people think of tailgating , they think of grilling , setting up tents , taking four or five different parking spots , " McCarthy said . Allowing only one spot per car should n't be a problem because the majority of Super Bowl XLVIII spectators are expected to use mass transit to get to the game in East Rutherford , New Jersey , McCarthy explained . The NFL expects nearly 80 % of ticket holders to use mass transit that Sunday , which should leave enough parking spaces for the 16,000-20 ,000 fans who are expected to drive to the game , he said . Confining fans to the boundaries of their allotted parking spaces is n't new , McCarthy said . "  Every Super Bowl since 9-11 , we 've had a policy where fans can bring their own food and drink and enjoy them from their spot in a parking lot , " he said . Taking tailgating beyond BBQ and beer	Contrary to reports , NFL says tailgating is not banned at Super Bowl XLVIII Of 28,000 parking spaces at MetLife Stadium , 15,000 will be used for security and media Most fans at the game are expected to be out-of-towners who will use mass transit
CNN  -- What do you remember about April 20 , 1999 ? Families visit the graves of the Columbine shooting victims at Chapel Hill Memorial Gardens in 2007 . If you recall that two unpopular teenage boys from the Trench Coat Mafia sought revenge against the jocks by shooting up Columbine High School , you 're wrong . But you 're not alone . Ten years after the massacre in Littleton , Colorado , there 's still a collective memory of two Goth-obsessed loners , Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold , who went on a shooting rampage and killed 12 of their classmates and a teacher , injured 23 others and then turned their guns on themselves . Journalist and author Dave Cullen was one of the first to take on what he calls the myths of Columbine . He kept at it for a decade , challenging what the media and law enforcement officials reported . "  Kids had never been attacked in this kind of way until Columbine , " he recently told CNN . "  I just had to find out what happened to those kids . " See if you know what really happened at Columbine " Cullen 's book , "  Columbine , " was released this month -- just in time for today 's 10th anniversary of the shooting at the Colorado high school . While tackling popular misconceptions , Cullen also gives a riveting account of what happened that day and how the survivors view the event that marked their lives forever . Cullen concluded that the killers were n't part of the Trench Coat Mafia , that they were n't bullied by other students and that they did n't target popular jocks , African-Americans or any other group . A school shooting was n't their initial intent , he said . They wanted to bomb their school in an attack they hoped would make them more infamous than Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh . The Columbine tragedy left a lasting mark on many Americans , largely because of the media 's around-the-clock coverage in the days and weeks following the shooting . Columbine was named the top news story of 1999 with nearly 70 percent of Americans saying they "  followed -LSB- Columbine -RSB- very closely , " according to a Pew Research Center study . Watch parents reflect on children lost at Columbine " When media coverage faded , reporters and investigators soon learned that some of the initial reports were wrong . Cullen writes about the misperceptions : "  Facts rush in , the fog lifts , an accurate picture solidifies . The public accepts this , but the final portrait is the farthest from the truth . " Officials at the Jefferson County Sheriff 's office agreed that the Trench Coat Mafia , among other myths , were false . Lead investigator Kate Battan said the 10-year anniversary offers a chance to clear up the misconceptions . "  It was the first big event where cell phones were around , and I had witnesses giving information to the media before I even got to it , " she said . "  A lot of that information was wrong . " For example , many in the media initially reported that 17-year-old Cassie Bernall , a Christian , answered "  yes " when asked if she believed in God before she was shot to death . She became a poster child for the Evangelical movement after her death . But investigators and student witnesses later told Cullen that it was another student , Valeen Schnurr , who avowed her belief in God as she was shot . Schnurr survived . Cullen 's first book reading was in Denver , Colorado , a few weeks ago . He said most of the 150 guests , despite their close proximity to Littleton and the shootings , still believed that Harris and Klebold targeted certain classmates , among many other misperceptions . Today , after carefully combing through the boy 's diaries , school assignments and police documents , journalists and investigators agree there is no evidence the killers singled out the jocks in a hit list . In fact , their victims varied in race , popularity , religion and age . Cullen said the myths were so widely reported that they were hard to take back later . "  You would have to go through a lot of corrections , " Cullen said . "  You would need to have something blockbuster to shake them -LSB- the public -RSB- up and say ` Everything you know about Columbine , let it go . ' " Psychologists who study memory say people tend to remember first impressions . In the case of Columbine , what the public first saw and heard in the news tended to stick with them . Professor Elizabeth Loftus at the University of California-Irvine , who specializes in memory , said myths continue to be validated when people start talking with others about an event . Once memories are embedded , people resist changing their minds , experts say . "  Memories often fade and get more distorted as time passes , " Loftus said Five months after Columbine , Cullen wrote an article published on Salon.com revealing that most members of a group dubbed the Trench Coat Mafia had graduated years earlier . The Trench Coat Mafia was a nonviolent school group of computer gamers established a few years before the shooting , Cullen said . They feuded with the jocks and wore black trench coats . Harris and Klebold were not members , Cullen concluded after talking to students at the school and analyzing police documents . Neither boy appeared in the Trench Coat Mafia 's yearbook group photo in 1998 . iReport.com : How did Columbine affect you ? The two killers were far from normal teens . Harris was a psychopath and Klebold battled depression , according to psychologists cited in the book . Even so , they also were n't the extreme social outcasts and loners depicted in the early days of media coverage . Records released later by the Jefferson County Sheriff 's office showed that Harris and Klebold had their own circle of friends . Klebold took a date to the prom , riding with a dozen friends in a limo , just days before the shooting . "  I do n't believe bullying caused Columbine , " Jeff Kass , who covered the story for the Rocky Mountain News , told CNN . "  My key reason for that is they never mentioned it in their diaries . " After a decade of research , including hundreds of interviews and relentless requests for evidence and documents , Kass also released a book this month called "  Columbine : A True Crime Story . " It provides comprehensive profiles of the killers and their motives . Kass was able to get Klebold 's college application essay through public records requests . The essay indicated he was a complex teen , who acknowledged hanging with the wrong crowd during his sophomore and junior years . Cullen , the original Columbine debunker , theorizes that the public was afraid to believe Harris and Klebold were n't total outcasts . By identifying them as goth loners who were "  weird " or "  oddballs , " it was easier to set them apart from other students and for schools to distinguish future potential shooters , he said . "  The bombs were inconsistent with what we remember , " Cullen said . "  We dropped the one that was true and kept the myth . " Kirsten Kreiling , president of the Columbine Memorial Foundation , said she believed the initial reports that the killers were in the Trench Coat Mafia and targeted jocks . So did many other people in the community . Ten years later , Kreiling , who has diligently kept up with news reports on Columbine , knows those initial reports were false . She realizes many people still accept the myths and hopes the truth of what happened at Columbine will some day replace the popular misconceptions . "  Understanding what happened can help us try to prevent these things from happening again in the future , " she said . "  If you do n't understand history , you are doomed to repeat it . "	Columbine was named the top news story of 1999 , according to the Pew Center When media coverage faded , officials learned some of the initial reports were wrong One myth is Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold were part of the Trench Coat Mafia Killers wanted to be more infamous than Oklahoma City bomber Timothy McVeigh
Hands down , it 's the most important monthly economic report in the race for the White House . And April 's numbers from the Labor Department did n't provide President Obama a lot to brag about . "  After the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression , our businesses have now created more than 4.2 million new jobs over the last 26 months , more than 1 million jobs in the six months alone . So that 's the good news , " Obama said Friday at an event in northern Virginia . But the president went on to say , "  There are still a lot of folks out of work , which means we got ta do more . If we 're going to recover all the jobs lost during the recession , and if we 're going to build a secure economy that strengthens the middle class , then we 're going to have to do more . " Consider this : No sitting president facing an unemployment rate more than 8 % has won another term since Franklin D. Roosevelt . So the headline from the Labor Department report Friday morning that the nation 's unemployment level edged down from 8.2 % in March to 8.1 % in April sure seemed like good news for an incumbent president fighting for re-election . Especially since just about every poll indicates that the economy remains the top issue on the minds of Americans and that jobs remain the top economic concern . CNNMoney.com : Why Obama ca n't match the Reagan recovery But the Labor Department also reported that the number of jobs rose last month by 115,000 , much lower than many economists had predicted . According to the report , 342,000 workers dropped out of the labor force , with the labor force participation rate , now at 63.6 % , at its lowest level since 1981 . The presumptive Republican presidential nominee was quick to react to the jobs numbers . "  It 's a terrible and very disappointing report this morning . Clearly the American people are wondering why this recovery is n't happening faster , what 's taking years and years for the recovery to occur . And we seem to be slowing down , not speeding up . This is not progress , " Mitt Romney said Friday in an interview on Fox News just minutes after the 8:30 a.m. ET release of the Labor Department report . Romney says no celebration until 4 % unemployment rate "  A lot of American people are having difficult times , and this is not good news this morning , " added the former Massachusetts governor , who argued the reason the rate dropped was because more people are leaving the workforce . Republicans quick to react to jobs report Romney 's strategy is simple : Make the election a referendum on the president 's record on the economy and jobs , and argue that Obama is n't doing a good job on creating jobs . With six months to go until Election Day , a top Republican strategist says the jobs report spells trouble for the president . "  A disappointing jobs report means two things : One , President Obama is more likely to lose his job . Now , this election will increasingly become a referendum on Obama 's performance . Voters may or may not believe Mitt Romney can turn things around , but it is becoming clearer that Obama 's plan is n't going to cut it , " says GOP strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  Two , to win , President Obama has to run the most brutal , negative , polarizing campaign in history -- on every subject but the economy . He has to pit young against old , rich against poor , women against men , and try to divide the country on other issues . I do n't think that 's the kind of country we want to be , " said Castellanos , who was a top media adviser for Romney 's 2008 nomination bid . "  Anytime you have to explain bad news , you 've already lost . The Obama campaign has done the best they can with stubbornly high unemployment , talking about the number of jobs created and not the number of people who do n't have jobs . But this does n't help the general sense of unease about the economy among middle class Americans , " says Rich Galen , who ran Newt Gingrich 's press operation when he was speaker of the House and advised Fred Thompson 's 2008 Republican presidential bid . But be careful what you wish for , says Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala . "  Every time there 's bad economic news for the middle class , the Champagne corks pop at one of Mitt Romney 's many mansions . The bad job numbers are bad news for President Obama -- and for all Americans . So the GOP has to be careful not to celebrate bad times , " says Begala , who was a top adviser in the Clinton White House and who now is a senior adviser to Priorities USA , the pro-Obama super PAC . So which candidate does the public think will do a better job turning things around ? A CNN/ORC International poll conducted last month indicated that Americans were split on which candidate could best jumpstart the economy , with 44 % saying Obama would be more likely to get the economy moving and 42 % saying that Romney would do a better job to stimulate the economy . But the race for the White House is a battle for states and their electoral votes . And in two of the biggest and arguably most important battleground states , new surveys from Quinnipiac University indicate that when it comes to the economy , Romney has a slight advantage over the president . Keep your eyes on the monthly unemployment reports between now and November . The numbers will be extremely telling .	The jobs report is the most important monthly economic report in the White House race Obama on report : "  There are still a lot of folks out of work , which means we got ta do more " Romney : "  It 's a terrible and very disappointing report " CNN poll indicates Americans were split on who could best jump start the economy
CNN  -- This week 's United Nations meeting could mark a turning point in the acidic relationship between Iran and the United States . Will U.S. President Barack Obama shake the hand of newly elected Iranian President Hassan Rouhani ? Will the two presidents even hold a meeting ? Those are key questions after Rouhani 's "  we must work together " opinion piece published by the Washington Post 's website last week . His comments have sparked optimism on the streets of Iran 's capital , where residents are hopeful as they take note of their new president 's unprecedented charm offensive pushing for better relations with Washington . But the Iranian president 's new approach has n't played as well in Israel . The New York Times reported Sunday that Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is stepping up an effort to blunt Iran 's diplomatic offensive , and plans to warn the United Nations that overtures toward a nuclear deal could be a trap . Iran insists its nuclear program is for peaceful energy , but the United States and others suspect it 's for atomic bombs . The dispute about why Iran is seeking nuclear capability has prompted international sanctions and escalated concerns about additional warfare in the Middle East . In his op-ed , Rouhani wrote that he wants "  a constructive approach " between his country and the world , including about Iran 's nuclear program . "  We must work together to end the unhealthy rivalries and interferences that fuel violence and drive us apart , " Rouhani said . Analysts are divided about Rouhani and his sincerity in addressing his country 's nuclear program . But there 's one thing all analysts agree on : the op-ed was a jumping off point for a very high-profile public relations push . And this week , Rouhani could take things a step further . Analyst : Rouhani needs to strike a deal quickly In many ways , Rouhani 's recent election is like Obama 's in 2008 : Rouhani enjoys enormous political capital , offering an opportunity to renew U.S.-Iran relations . Rouhani overcame hard-line conservatives by campaigning as a centrist and a reformer , using a "  hope and prudence " slogan . To keep hard-liners at bay , Rouhani now must deliver something -- namely , economic relief as Iran strains under global sanctions -- or his critics will prevail as they did against Obama in 2009 when his own venture on U.S.-Iran diplomacy foundered , one analyst said . "  Now the roles are reversed : Rouhani needs to strike a deal quickly , " said Trita Parsi , president of the National Iranian American Council , who authored "  A Single Roll of the Dice : Obama 's Diplomacy with Iran . " This week 's U.N. General Assembly meeting "  could be quite decisive , " Parsi said . "  That 's going to be the moment where the two sides have to invest the political capital needed . Otherwise it will go nowhere . It 's going to be costly politically to strike a deal . There 's going to be critics on both sides , " Parsi said . "  There is a need for a huge dose of political will to be injected into the process . " Will the two presidents meet ? Obama delivered a speech Tuesday at the U.N. General Assembly , and Rouhani is scheduled to as well . But it 's unclear whether the two presidents will meet . Ben Rhodes , a White House deputy national security adviser , said Monday that no meeting has been scheduled with Rouhani for this week , but the White House remains open to diplomacy that serves American interests . Elliott Abrams , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations , said Obama should n't meet with Rouhani during the U.N. gathering , though shaking hands in a corridor would be appropriate . Abrams says that 's because while Rouhani is Iran 's president , he is not the country 's leader . Ayatollah Ali Khamenei is the supreme leader of Iran . "  They are not counterparts , they are not equal , " said Abrams , who also supervised U.S. policy in the Middle East under former President George W. Bush . "  So for the president to meet with him , I think confers too great a recognition on him . " Abrams said Rouhani was a skilled political tactician when he was the country 's chief nuclear negotiator from 2003 to 2005 . "  Remember this is the guy -- Rouhani -- who wrote several years ago with pride how he tied us up in negotiations while the nuclear program  of Iran  was going forward , " Abrams said . "  So we should approach this with skepticism . " Asked Monday whether the two presidents may just shake hands , Rhodes replied , "  I do n't think anything will happen by happenstance on a relationship this important . " White House weighs in The Obama administration has welcomed Rouhani 's published column . "  But the fact of the matter is actions are what are going to be determinative here , " White House spokesman Josh Earnest said . "  The Iranians , for a number of years now , have been unwilling to live up to their obligations to the international community as it relates to their nuclear program . " The international community 's economic sanctions against Iran has "  taken a significant toll on their economy and put pressure on them to come back to the bargaining table , " Earnest said . He did acknowledge that Rouhani now enjoys a window of opportunity against his hard-line adversaries at home , but Iran must "  demonstrate their seriousness of purpose " and show "  their nuclear program is for exclusively peaceful means . " For now , Obama 's schedule this week does n't contain any meetings with Rouhani . Asked if the United States is willing to ease sanctions against Iran , Earnest said such economic pressure "  is what has brought the Iranians to the table . " Optimism in Tehran On the streets of Iran 's capital , many appear to be hopeful that their president 's overtures toward the United States are a good sign . But they 're also realistic that 34 years of mistrust will not disappear overnight . "  I am 99 % sure things will be better , " said Tehran resident Syed Ali Akbar . "  I can just feel it . " Barber Hassan Ahmadi said he wants sanctions to end . "  I want to see better relations , " he said , "  so we can live a little easier . " Ali Hayati was n't even born the last time Iran and the United States had diplomatic relations . But now , he feels like there 's a chance for change . "  I want to see Mr. Rouhani and Mr. Obama sit in front of each other and speak about life , " he said . At the House of Persian Carpets in the famous Tehran Bazaar , merchant Sadegh Kiyaei said he 's optimistic . "  We believe that two nations -- Iran and America -- they realize that they need each other . They like each other , " he said . "  And they feel that it 's the right time to get together and to start talking at least . " CNN 's Reza Sayah in Tehran , Kevin Liptak in Washington and Catherine E. Shoichet in Atlanta contributed to this report .	White House official : Obama still has no meeting scheduled with Rouhani The Iranian president 's comments spark optimism on the streets of Tehran New York Times : Israel 's prime minister believes the overtures could be a trap Newly elected Rouhani "  needs to strike a deal quickly " with the United States , one analyst says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The U.S. military coalition in Iraq confirmed Tuesday that a business jet -- not a U.S. military aircraft -- was recently forced down in Iran due to an airspace violation . A Falcon business jet is shown in an undated file photo . "  The airplane is now being confirmed as a light transport plane with no Americans onboard , " Multi-National Forces-Iraq said in a statement issued Tuesday . "  From what we have been seeing , it was a Falcon business jet . We have accounted for all our aircraft and none are missing . " The U.S. coalition in Iraq had no information on who owned the aircraft , stressing that it was not a registered American plane . Iran 's semi-official Fars News Agency initially reported that five American military officials were on board the U.S. aircraft . But other Iranian media reports -- quoting Iranian officials -- said the aircraft was Hungarian and no Americans were on the plane . Iranian officials told Iran 's state-run Arabic language channel Al-Alam that the incident happened a week ago and that the plane was carrying humanitarian workers . Fars later changed its Farsi language report , citing other Iranian and Arab media as saying the plane was not an American aircraft Fars also initially reported that aircraft , which it called a "  Falcon fighter , " entered Iranian airspace at a low altitude from Turkey to avoid radar detection , despite repeated warnings by the Islamic Republic Air Force . It said the plane also carried three civilians . Washington is monitoring the reports , but White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said "  as far as we know  they are  totally bogus . " U.S. National Security Council Spokesman Gordon Johndroe also said there is no indication that the reports are accurate . "  We 're looking into the various and conflicting reports coming from the Iranian ` news ' agencies , but do not have any information at this time that would lead us to believe they are correct , " he said . Fars said the aircraft , which was en route to Afghanistan , was forced to land at an Iranian airport that it did not name . Fars reported that the eight people aboard were released "  after daylong interrogations " that revealed the aircraft had "  unintentionally " violated Iran 's airspace . Fars said the aircraft was later allowed to continue on to Afghanistan . Two top U.S. military officials told CNN 's Barbara Starr that no U.S. military aircraft has been forced down . The U.S. military has an F-16 Fighting Falcon , but it is a one-seat jet fighter aircraft that is used by the U.S. Air Force for air-to-air and air-to-ground combat . The Dassault Falcon is a European-made private passenger business jet that resembles a Lear jet . It can seat a crew of two and as many as 10 passengers . It 's used for passenger transport , but also has military uses . CNN 's Saad Abedine in Baghdad , Iraq ; Shirzad Bozorgmehr in Tehran , Iran ; Caroline Faraj in Dubai ; and Mike Mount in Washington contributed to this report	NEW : Iran now says aircraft was forced down a week ago There were no Americans on board the aircraft , U.S. says Iranians say they forced down plane after it violated Iranian airspace Iran had claimed aircraft was a U.S. "  Falcon fighter "
Washington  CNN  -- A federal court has given the Obama administration the go-ahead to continue funding embryonic stem-cell research . The controversial 2-1 decision Friday is a victory for supporters of federally funded testing for a range of diseases and illnesses . The U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia lifted an injunction imposed last year by a federal judge , who said all embryonic stem-cell research at the National Institutes of Health amounted to destruction of embryos , in violation of congressional spending laws . Legislation passed in 1996 law prohibits the use of taxpayer dollars in the creation or destruction of human embryos "  for research purposes . " Private money had been used to gather batches of the developing cells at U.S.-run labs . The current administration had broken with the Bush White House and issued rules in 2009 permitting those cells to be reproduced in controlled conditions and for work on them to move forward . Obama officials have been at odds with many members of Congress over whether the the NIH research actually causes an embryo 's destruction , as prohibited by the Dickey-Wicker Act . Two scientists had brought a lawsuit to block further research . But the three-judge panel concluded in its 21-page ruling , "  the plaintiffs are unlikely to prevail because Dickey-Wicker is ambiguous and the NIH seems reasonably to have concluded " the law does not ban research using embryonic stem cells . The ruling does not deal with separate research on adult stem cells , which remains permissible under federal law . The plaintiffs have the option of now taking their appeal to the U.S. Supreme Court for review . The issue at this stage deals only with the lifting of the injunction allowing funding to continue for embryonic stem-cell research . The larger constitutional issues are still being debated at the district court level . The government had argued that an extensive list of research projects outlined by the National Institutes of Health would have to be shelved if the court had not acted and granted a stay . The field of embryonic stem-cell research has been highly controversial , because in most cases the research process involves destroying the embryo , typically four or five days old , after removing stem cells . These cells are then blank and can become any cell in the body . Embryonic stem-cell research differs from other kinds of stem-cell research , which do n't require embryos . Some scientists believe embryonic stem cells could help treat many diseases and disabilities because of their potential to develop into many different cell types in the body . The case began with a lawsuit against the NIH by scientists opposed to use of embryonic stem cells , a group that seeks adoptive parents for human embryos created through in vitro fertilization , the nonprofit Christian Medical Association and others . When the injunction was first issued by Judge Royce Lamberth in August , Ron Stoddart , executive director of Nightlight Christian Adoptions -- one of the groups that filed the lawsuit -- said he supported adult stem-cell research that does n't require destroying embryos . "  Frequently people will say , ` Why are you opposed to stem-cell research ? ' and of course our answer is , ` We 're not , ' " Stoddart said . "  We 're opposed to the destruction of the embryos to get embryo stem cells . " When President George Bush first approved federal funding of human embryonic stem-cell research in 2001 , 60 existing stem-cell lines -- which were created before August 9 , 2001 -- qualified for federal funding . Of those , only 21 actually were usable for scientists . Bush later rescinded the funding . Since the Obama administration 's rules went into effect , at least total of 75 stem cell lines qualify for federal funding , according to the NIH . NIH has invested more than $ 500 million in human embryonic stem-cell research . Because such embryos are destroyed when stem cells are removed for research , most opponents believe this is moral issue . Scientists conducting such research said continued federal funding is necessary , saying they would have greater flexibility to work collaboratively within labs , across labs and around the world on the latest treatments and breakthroughs . Supporters of embryonic stem-cell research say their studies have shown promise to treat a range of debilitating conditions including diabetes , Parkinson 's disease , cancers , and spinal cord injuries . The case is Sherley v. Sebelius  10-5287  .	NEW : The NIH has invested more than $ 500 million in human embryonic stem-cell research The District of Columbia appeals court rules 2-1 It is a victory for supporters of federally funded embryonic stem-cell research
LONDON , England  CNN  -- She 's only 34 , but Drew Barrymore has spent a lifetime in Hollywood . Since her acting debut aged seven the petite star known for her free-spirited energy and girl power credo has acted in and produced more than 40 films -- all of which she has drawn on for her directorial debut , "  Whip It . " Hollywood actress , producer and now , director , Drew Barrymore on the set of debut feature "  Whip It . " "  I 've learned a lot in the time that I 've been in this business and I wanted to apply all those lessons in the first film I directed , " she told CNN at the movie 's Los Angeles premiere Wednesday . "  Whip It " tells the story of Bliss Cavendar , a misunderstood Texan teenager forced to follow in the footsteps of her beauty pageant mother . Should actors direct films or should they stick to the day job ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box But life takes a turn when Bliss , played by Ellen Page of "  Juno , " discovers the rough and tough world of female roller derby . She joins a team called the Hurl Scouts , rechristening herself Babe Ruthless . Page -- who Barrymore has called the "  angel " of her story -- leads a cast of wild women on skates , including Juliette Lewis and Barrymore herself , who plays Smashley Simpson , a hippie with anger issues . Barrymore , who has led a varied Hollywood career since "  E.T. " launched her as a child star in the 1980s , said directing her first film was a dream come true . "  I 've been waiting to make this film my whole life and to tell this story , " she told CNN last month at the comedy drama 's world premiere at the Toronto International Film Festival . Based on the novel "  Derby Girl " by Shauna Cross , who also wrote the screenplay , "  Whip It " continues the girl power spirit of earlier Barrymore projects like the "  Charlie 's Angels " franchise . Over the years Barrymore has become a bankable actress , with roles in a stack of frothy rom coms like "  The Wedding Singer " and "  50 First Dates " under her belt . Barrymore has also explored more serious fare , most recently earning critical acclaim for her portrayal of eccentric Little Edie Beale in the TV movie "  Grey Gardens , " as well as moving into producing . Her production company , Flower Films , produced both "  Charlie 's Angels " movies . Barrymore has said that , naturally , she was nervous about making her first feature film . She was unsure of whether she 'd be able to pull it off , but did n't let fear stop her from taking on the challenge . She was drawn to the varied elements of the "  Whip It " screenplay , which covers themes of love and friendship , as well as a conflict , between Bliss and her mother , played by Marcia Gay Harden . Barrymore may have been a newbie at directing , but actress Page was impressed with her skills . Page told CNN that working with Barrymore was "  absolutely mind blowing " and called it one of the best experiences she 's had . What does Barrymore attribute her success to ? "  I think if you respect the people you work with and you show up prepared and confident , then what you give is the room to have fun and give them the floor . " The film opens across the U.S. Friday .	Drew Barrymore makes her directorial debut with girl-powered "  Whip It " Actress and producer Barrymore says making the film was a dream come true Ellen Page of "  Juno " stars as a teen who joins a female roller derby team Barrymore says she drew on "  all those lessons " from her years in Hollywood
CNN  -- Director Chen Kaige 's films often examine the close ties of love , passion and friendship , but his own relationship with his artist and filmmaker father is one that has informed much of his life and colored his work . Chen Kaige captures the pains and passions of relationships on the silver screen . As a 14-year-old red guard during the Cultural Revolution , Chen denounced his father for creating subversive art . While his father forgave him , Chen has found it hard to truly forgive himself . "  I knew it was the wrong thing to do . If I did n't know , then I could 've forgiven myself , " he told CNN . Chen has already touched upon such a significant moment in his personal life in his award-winning 1993 film , "  Farewell My Concubine . " It brought him international-acclaim and a host of accolades , including Cannes Film Festival 's Palme D'or . Like "  Farewell My Concubine , " Chen 's latest film , "  Forever Enthralled "  "  Mei Lanfang " in Mandarin  , once again delves into the world of Beijing opera , and it has proven to be a hit in China since its release in cinemas in December . However , capturing the Cultural Revolution remains one of Chen 's ambitions -- not only to explore the circumstances that colored the relationship with his father but an exploration of a crucial time in Chinese history . "  It 's not because I was hurt and so many people hurt that I want to do my revenge . It 's not like this . This is the lesson that the Chinese people must learn , no matter what , " Chen told CNN . "  I hope that my generation of directors or writers could do something to tell people the truth , to tell people what really happened at that time ; why a young son of a film director , you know , could denounce his own father , like I did . I was still shocked , " he said . Now 56 years old , Chen studied at the Beijing Film Academy , directing his first feature film "  Yellow Earth " in 1984 . After the success of "  Farewell My Concubine , " he eventually took up the offer to direct a Hollywood film in 2002 -- "  Killing Me Softly , " with Heather Graham and Joseph Fiennes . While failing to impress the critics or register a hit at the box office , Chen remains sanguine about the experience . "  I think I 've learnt a lot from that . Although I fully understand why audiences did n't really enjoy that film that much . "  In the industrial system -LSB- of Hollywood -RSB- people do n't really care if you 're making a good film or not . People care about whether the film can make money . It 's a completely different thing , you know . Quite honestly , I was n't very comfortable to do films that way , " said Chen . Chen will continue to make films in China and finds the country 's recent transformation as significant as earlier periods of change during his lifetime . "  I ask myself whether it 's a progress or we 're just going back to where we not necessarily need to be . I do n't know . I mean , I 'm not trying to say anything politically . But I feel if you look at the very beginning of Charles Dickens ' novel , ' A Tale of Two Cities , ' ` It was the best times , it was the worst times ... ' this is the simple answer , " he said . Time will tell if today 's China will be part of Chen 's cinematic sweep in the future .	Chinese director Chen Kaige found international fame with ` Farewell My Concubine ' Made a brief foray into filmmaking in Hollywood before returning to China Personal experience during Cultural Revolution had large impact
CNN  -- The body of a man whom authorities described as a disgruntled vendor who shot two people , one fatally , at a Long Island business last week was found dead Monday , according to Nassau County Police . Sang Ho Kim , about age 63 , was identified through fingerprints after his remains were found in a river near Bear Mountain in Rockland County , New York , according to Detective Michael Bitsko . A passerby found the remains Monday and contacted authorities . An autopsy will be conducted to determine the cause of death . The shooting occurred on Wednesday at Savenergy in East Garden City on Long Island , prompting a widespread manhunt that ended with the discovery of Kim 's body . One employee was killed and another was injured .	Sang Ho Kim , suspected in a shooting at a Long Island business , was found dead Two employees of Savenergy in East Garden City were shot , one fatally Kim 's body was found in a river ; an autopsy will be conducted
Flanked by police officers with assault rifles , and riding down a highway in the back of a police pickup , police commissioner Julian Hernandez explains the difficult task of fighting crime . "  The United Nations recommends that a city of this size have 4,000 officers , " he says . "  But I only have 1,000 . " Overrun by drug violence , San Pedro Sula is the second-largest and most violent city in Honduras -- a country that 's the current murder capital of the world . At the end of the first day of shooting for CNN 's "  Narco Wars " report , we had arranged to meet the commissioner , expecting a quick interview . Instead , Hernandez jumped into the back of the police truck , taking correspondent Kaj Larsen and the rest of the CNN team onto the streets of San Pedro Sula , a manufacturing city with relatively good infrastructure . A convoy of other police vehicles joined us as we set off into the city . But instead of a tour , we began following a beat-up maroon truck . A chase ensued . Finally , on the outskirts of the city , we surrounded the vehicle . Its three occupants were pulled out at gunpoint and forced to lie on the highway . We were amazed to capture this all on camera , given how most serious crimes here go unsolved . In the next moment , the three were standing up , smiling . It turned out the police had staged the takedown to show us their tactics . A minute later , a call came in , and we were back in a police pickup , heading to the scene of a real crime : another body dumped , another group of neighbors who had n't seen anything or heard anything , another killing where there was n't going to be a dramatic chase ending with arrests . Welcome to the most violent region on earth . Getting away with murder Americans are well aware of Mexico 's drug war and the horrific violence that takes place a stone 's throw away from the United States . But narco-trafficking and violence are n't just confined to Mexico . In fact , Honduras , El Salvador , Belize , Guatemala and Panama all had higher per-capita murder rates than Mexico in 2010 . CNN 's "  Narco Wars " focuses on Honduras and Guatemala because these two countries have become the key corridor for cocaine coming to the United States from South America . This has coincided with a dramatic spike in homicide rates , according to the United Nations . In Honduras , homicides have more than doubled between 2005 and 2010 , the United Nations reports . As a result , the U.S. Peace Corps last weekend pulled more than 150 of its volunteers out of Honduras while it reviews the security situation there . Almost every murder in these Central American countries goes unsolved . The impunity rate -- the rate of serious crimes that go unsolved -- is extremely high , estimated by the United Nations to be 98 % in Guatemala . Here , the odds are overwhelming that someone can literally get away with murder . True , there are other places where the impunity rate is high , such as parts of Mexico where its drug war rages . But in Mexico , the casualties are the result of a drug war that began with known , organized cartels fighting each other . In Central America , officials estimate that drug dealing is a factor in 60 % of the killings , but it 's not always clear who 's killing whom and why . Perhaps a murder is related to a big shipment of cocaine . Or maybe it 's over a $ 50 drug sale on the sidewalk . Origins of a drug war It started 30 years ago when hundreds of thousands of Central Americans began immigrating to the United States , many of them illegally . Some ended up in Los Angeles , then the street gang capital of the United States , if not the world . Some of the immigrants ' children grew up and became gang members . They formed two large gangs , Mara Salvatrucha , also known as MS-13 , and 18th Street . The neighborhoods where these gangs were based became active areas for the Los Angeles Police Department 's homicide division in the 1990s . It was as if Central America 's civil wars in the 1980s had moved north . So the United States deported many of these gang members back to Central America . As a result , Mara Salvatrucha and 18th Street , originally from Los Angeles , became Central American gangs . The region began to suffer an explosion of robberies , extortion cases and murders perpetrated by gang members . The threat was so serious that in 2004 , the FBI set up a task force to fight these transnational street gangs across the United States , Mexico and Central America . By 2005 , homicides in Honduras had risen to nearly 2,500 a year . With the United States working hard to stop trafficking in the Caribbean and South America , Central America -- with its disruptive violence and high rate of impunity -- became an attractive alternative route . How Colombia is busting its cartels Former Cali drug cartel member speaks out By 2011 , the DEA estimated that 25 tons of cocaine a month were moving through Honduras . And there were close to 7,000 homicides there , a 250 % increase in half a dozen years . Homicides in neighboring El Salvador reportedly rose to the highest level since that country 's civil war of the 1980s . Of course , those are just numbers . On the ground , the increasing level of violence has created a kind of prison . When the sun goes down in San Pedro Sula and Tegucigalpa , the capital of Honduras , people retreat to their homes as if it were 4 a.m. Large sections of city become deserted , and armed guards are everywhere . Forget ideology : It 's all about dollars It 's easy to say the increase in drug trafficking in Central America caused the spike in violence . But it 's not entirely clear . Some analysts say they believe the instability and violence created by the deported gang members paved the way for drug traffickers . What is clear is that in the 1980s , the region suffered from civil wars that were ideological in nature . In Guatemala and El Salvador , Marxist guerrillas were fighting governments that were allies of the United States . Honduras was relatively more peaceful -- but not entirely as government forces battled Marxist insurgents to a smaller extent . These were classic Cold War conflicts as the West and the Soviet bloc squared off . After the Soviet Union 's collapse in 1991 and the acceleration of globalization , a new symmetry has seemed to shape the violence in Honduras and Guatemala . Now combatants are fighting over dollars from the lucrative drug trade , which could make it more difficult to establish a long-lasting peace . If we look at Mexico 's more clear-cut narco war , consider the situation in Tijuana . In the fall of 2008 , Tijuana was a city under siege , a ghostly place . Its public areas were largely deserted after dark . Two years later , the city was bustling again , with new restaurants open , people out and about , and civic life restored . While there are still travel advisories -- including from the United States -- warning visitors to exercise caution in Tijuana , there is a relative peace that authorities publicly credit to their efforts to defeat the cartels . The authorities publicly credited the relative peace in Tijuana to their efforts to defeat the cartels . People whispered that either the warring cartels had made a truce , or that "  one entity has prevailed , " the Sinaloa Cartel , Mexico 's largest and most dominant , reclaiming its hegemony . The violence in Guatemala and Honduras seems less organized , so the path to peace appears less clear . Guatemala has seen some success with pilot programs designed to fight official corruption and to convince citizens to cooperate with authorities . Honduras , with a relatively weak government , so far seems to have little in the way of effective programs to end the violence . Back in San Pedro Sula , on our first morning there , we visited a violence reduction center supported by the U.S. Agency for International Development . Half a dozen or so police officers carrying assault rifles trailed behind for security as the people at the center walked us a quarter mile down a dusty road to a soccer field that represented their greatest triumph . The field used to be deserted because of gang violence in the neighborhood . After negotiating with the gangs , they reached an agreement allowing youth soccer leagues to use the field during the day . This fragile coexistence -- sharing a soccer field with drug gangs -- could be a small step toward what Honduras and its neighbors must do to create peace in Central America .	Honduras and Guatemala are key corridors for drugs coming to the U.S. from South America In Honduras , homicides have more than doubled in five years , making it world 's murder capital Unlike Mexico , there are no big drug cartels battling for control in Central America "  Narco Wars " premieres at 8 p.m. ET Sunday on CNN Presents
Washington  CNN  -- As the United States completes its withdrawal of all military forces from Iraq by the end of the month , Iraq 's prime minister made a pitch to leaders of American commerce and industry Tuesday : Iraq is open for business . In an address to American executives at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce in Washington , Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri al-Maliki said his country offers "  limitless " opportunities for American companies . Al-Maliki said his country is trying to diversify from an energy-dominated economy , to one that focuses on financial , medical , agricultural , educational and infrastructure services as well . The end of U.S. military operations in Iraq heralds the beginning of a "  wider relationship " between the two countries where "  not generals but businessmen " will focus on economic and political engagement between the two countries , al-Maliki told the audience . He spoke to more than 400 executives representing a wide range of industries including petroleum , engineering and construction , commercial aviation , architecture , maritime cargo and financial services . As U.S. investment in Iraq has increased since 2008 , al-Maliki said Iraq wants to see a much greater presence of U.S. companies in his country to help spur greater spending and investment on the country 's infrastructure as a way to better the lives of Iraqis and create more U.S. jobs in the process . Total foreign direct investment in Iraq hit $ 70 billion for the first months of 2011 , according to the chamber . The United States has increased its investment from nearly nearly $ 2 billion in 2010 to more than $ 8 billion this year , the organization said . That figure represents 11.6 % of all investment entering Iraq , the chamber said . The International Monetary Fund has projected the Iraqi economy to grow at a faster pace than China or India over the next two to three years . Despite growing U.S. investment in Iraq , the chamber continued its own pitch to U.S. businesses of the potential Iraq represents for them , and American workers , before al-Maliki spoke . "  We continue to trail our trading partners with respect to investment and economic engagement in Iraq , " said Lionel Johnson , vice president for Middle East and North African Affairs at the chamber . The private sector stands to play a crucial role in filling the capacity void left in many sectors of the Iraqi economy following the U.S. military departure , Johnson said . Winning business for American firms in Iraq has not been an easy prospect in the past . Not a single U.S. energy firm secured a deal for oil production at an auction of contracts by the Iraqi government two years ago . Many members of Congress were outraged , and questioned the U.S. investment in Iraq to that point after lucrative multi-billion-dollar contracts went to Russian and Chinese firms instead . In the past year , the United States Business Council in Iraq was established to advance commercial interests for American firms operating in Iraq . Opportunity aside , al-Maliki acknowledged the difficulty of moving his country from the planned economy of the Saddam Hussein era to a market-based system governed by transparency laws and international regulations , not to mention convincing American businesses to invest in a country that still experiences a high volume of violence . He assured his audience that his government was doing all it could to root out corruption and make the country safe for businesses to operate . "  Make no mistake , this is a country that 's developing , its commerce is developing , it 's going to take time , it 's going to take energy , " Deputy Secretary of State Thomas Nides told CNN after al-Maliki spoke . "  U.S. companies are going there because they believe they can make money and at the end of the day that 's what it is about , and most of these companies have dealt with complicated environments . Iraq is no different , but we have seen huge progress . " Nides said the "  robust diplomatic staff " still based in Iraq after the military withdrawal will include large economic and legal teams to work with U.S. companies operating in Iraq . Nearly 40 leaders from the Iraqi private sector made the trip to Washington with al-Maliki to meet with their American counterparts .	Al-Maliki talks business with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce "  Not generals but businessmen " will build the U.S.-Iraq relationship now , he says Al-Maliki says Iraq wants to see more U.S. companies in his country No U.S. energy firm secured a deal at an auction of Iraqi contracts two years ago
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Taliban fighters killed two workers from Afghanistan 's main election body in another attack that highlighted the threat of a violence-marred parliamentary election Saturday . The attack occurred in a remote district of Afghanistan 's northern Balkh province Wednesday morning , said Munir Ahmmad Farhad , a spokesman for the provincial governor . The death toll for campaign staff and election workers in the run-up to the vote now stands at 21 , according to Tabish Forugh of Afghanistan 's Independent Election Commission . Another 26 people have been wounded . The Taliban has threatened to target polling stations during the voting . Security is one of the election commission 's biggest concerns , Forugh said . Of the 6,835 polling centers , the commission has ordered 1,030 closed due to security threats . Polls in only nine of Afghanistan 's 34 provinces will be fully open Saturday . Afghanistan 's interior ministry announced it will deploy 52,000 police , soldiers and national security officers on election day . They will be complemented by troops from Afghanistan 's NATO-led International Security Assistance Force . "  Every vote cast by an Afghan in these elections ... is a perfect statement against the Taliban , " said ISAF spokesman Brig. Gen. Josef Blotz at a news conference Thursday . "  Every time someone votes in a polling station , the Taliban loses . " Meanwhile , the U.S. Embassy in Kabul on Thursday issued a new warning of potential violence surrounding the elections . It alerted U.S. citizens to avoid crowds and public gatherings and said some road closures and checkpoints at polling stations are to be expected . And the United Nations encouraged international employees not involved with supporting the election to take leave during the polling . Elsewhere , an international forces service member shot a protester who aimed his AK-47 toward a guard tower at a NATO military base in southern Afghanistan , military officials said Thursday . The man was pulled away by fellow demonstrators before ISAF forces were able to determine his condition . The protest of about 100 Afghans at Forward Operating Base Mirwais was reported to have been held in response to an alleged Quran burning inside the base Wednesday . But ISAF said the suspected burning was a routine burn-pit session in which military documents are destroyed . The protest turned violent when the Afghans began throwing rocks at the base guards . ISAF said the armed protester was shot in accordance with the rules of engagement . Also in southern Afghanistan , two international service members were killed Thursday in a bombing and an insurgent attack . No other information , including the service members ' nationalities , was immediately available from ISAF . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Matiullah Mati contributed to this report .	An attack on electoral workers highlights security problems ahead of Saturday 's vote The U.S. Embassy issues a warning about possible election violence An Afghan protester is shot in a confrontation at a military base Two ISAF service members killed in southern Afghanistan
The president of the World Bank has called for a concerted global effort to help Syria 's refugees , saying the international community has failed to formulate an adequate response . On the sidelines of the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , Jim Yong Kim told CNN 's Richard Quest that the situation was a "  humanitarian crisis of enormous proportions , and right now we are not responding effectively . " "  In Lebanon now a quarter of the population are refugees , " said Kim . "  It would be as if twice the population of Canada came into the United States in a two year period ...  Lebanon is  going to lose $ 7.5 billion in terms of GDP growth . The number of unemployed people in Lebanon -- Lebanese -- has doubled . " The UNHCR says more than 2 million Syrians have fled their homeland since the beginning of the conflict in 2011 , with most taking refuge in the neighboring countries of Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey and Iraq . Reports have found many refugee children living without a father , and some without parents altogether . Kim said the response to the crisis had failed due to a lack of funds , but also due to a lack of leadership and concerted effort . "  There are many political difficulties in deciding who 's going to step up , who 's going to provide the funds . We have given all the money we can under the rules of the World Bank and we now need others to step up , " Kim said . His organization was "  happy to lead " the effort , he said . Kim also reiterated the need to address inequality , a hot topic at the World Economic Forum . "  Two and a half billion people in the world do n't have access to financial services . This is a bank account . Not having the ability to save is a huge problem , " he said . "  Eighty percent of people in Africa do n't have access to energy . You can not participate in the global market if you do n't have access to reliable energy . " There were encouraging signs that some in attendance grasped the long-term economic benefits of investing in health and education . "  People are now understanding that education is going to determine the competitive abilities of a country into the future , but still many finance ministers are looking at the short term . They 're looking at it as an expense , " he said . "  We 've got to help them fundamentally change that view , and as they fall behind they 're going to get it . "	World Bank chief Jim Yong Kim has called for a global response to Syrian refugee crisis He says his organization is prepared to lead in coordinating a response He says delegates are starting to grasp the long-term benefits of health and education investment
CNN  -- Lawmen subdued and disarmed a Seattle-area man suspected of writing an expletive-laden e-mail threatening President Barack Obama , a Secret Service agent says . Anton Caluori , 31 , was arrested Tuesday at his home in Federal Way , a Seattle , Washington , suburb , Agent Bryan Molnar said in an affidavit . Caluori is charged with making threats against the president and assaulting a federal officer , according to the affidavit filed Wednesday in U.S. District Court in Seattle . Texas judge warns of civil war if Obama reelected Molnar wrote that the e-mail , received by the FBI earlier Tuesday , said , "  I will kill the president !!!!! " and "  You ca n't afford to call my bluff . " The message said that dying "  is n't frightening ... it 's peaceful ... you will see ... " and spoke of a "  cop killing spree ... just over the hill , " Molnar said . The e-mail included an address and challenged authorities to "  come and get me . " A database check confirmed that Caluori lived at the address in the e-mail , " Molnar said in his affidavit , and the username of the e-mail account appeared consistent with his name . Molnar said he and Federal Way police officer Andy Hensing went to the apartment complex at the address , where an employee told them Caluori was a "  hothead " with a "  temper " who lived with his mother . The officers knocked on the apartment door twice with no answer . The third time , a man later identified as Caluori opened the door , Molnar said . "  Caluori was wearing a black bandoleer filled with 12-gauge shotgun shells around his torso . Attached to the bandoleer at chest level was a large black fixed-blade knife . On his ankle , Caluori was weaving a revolver in an ankle holster . Caluori 's right hand was placed out-of-view behind his back , " the affidavit said . The officers commanded the man several times to "  show us your hands . " At first he did n't comply . But then he "  moved his right hand from behind his back revealing a stockless black pump-action shotgun with a pistol grip , " the affidavit said . After he raised the firearm , the officers scuffled with Caluori . By the numbers : Guns in America "  Officer Hensing and I were able to take Caluori to the ground . Caluori continued to struggle and would not comply with our commands , " Molnar said in the affidavit . "  Ultimately , Officer Hensing and I together were able to restrain Caluori and disarm him . " More Federal Way police arrived . Molnar said one of them asked Caluori if there was anything in the apartment that "  would hurt " law officers and he replied , "  There are things inside that go boom . " The bomb squad was called to the scene and the residence and other apartments were evacuated . But police found no explosives . The shotgun Caluori pointed was "  loaded to capacity , including a round in the chamber . The safety was not engaged , " the affidavit said . The pistol on his ankle was loaded with "  five hollow point .38 special caliber rounds , " it said , and about 50 12-gauge shotgun rounds were recovered from the shotgun and the bandoleer . A search of the apartment produced an AK-47-type rifle , a .45 caliber pistol , a Bushmaster AR15 rifle , more ammunition and a laptop computer , Molnar said . Caluori 's mother , identified as R.B. in the affidavit , said Caluori "  spends a lot of time on the computer " but she "  does not know what he does on it . " According to the affidavit , R.B. said Caluori has "  negative views of President Obama and in the last few days , most recently that day , has made negative statements about the president . " After reading Caluori his Miranda rights , Molnar asked him if he knew why the police were at the scene . "  I think I do , but I do n't want to say it , " he said . He was shown a copy of the e-mail to the FBI and , asked if he wrote it , said , "  possibly , " Molnar wrote . Asked if he had any "  issues with the president , " Caluori replied , "  You do n't have a high enough security clearance . Call the CIA or run it up the chain of command , " Molnar said . Threatening the president is punishable by up to five years in prison and assault of a federal agent is punishable by up to 20 years in prison , the U.S. attorney 's office said . "  Recent national events are a stark reminder that we must take these threats of death or violence seriously , " U. S. Attorney Jenny A. Durkan said in a news release . "  This case had all the troubling ingredients : threats of violence and explosive devices , multiple weapons with hundreds of rounds and even brandishing of a weapon at law enforcement . " "  The United States Secret Service takes all threats against its protectees seriously . This situation is indicative of how a routine investigation can very easily turn violent , " said James Helminski , special agent in charge of U.S. Secret Service in Seattle . "  We appreciate the professionalism of the Federal Way Police Department in defusing this potentially volatile situation and in the ongoing investigation . " Caluori is in custody at the Federal Detention Center at Sea-Tac , Washington . A detention hearing has been set for Monday , the U.S. attorney 's office said . His attorney , Kyana Stephens , would not comment on the case or the charges . CNN Poll : Gun control opinions following shootings	The arrest took place in a Seattle suburb The suspect , Anton Caluori , was armed , the affidavit says The man 's mother said he made "  negative statements ' about Obama , the affidavit says A detention hearing is set for Monday
Big Bear Lake , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles Police Department will reopen its investigation into the firing of an officer that prompted alleged revenge attacks as the hunt for the man accused of killing three people widened in Southern California 's San Bernardino Mountains . Christopher Jordan Dorner declared war on police in a manifesto after being fired by the LAPD and losing appeals to be reinstated , claiming that racism in the police department was behind him losing his job . "  I feel we need to publicly address Dorner 's allegations regarding his termination , " LAPD Chief Charlie Beck said in a statement released Saturday . " ... I do this not to appease a murderer . I do it to reassure the public that their police department is transparent and fair in all things we do . " Beck ordered a re-examination of all evidence and new interviews with all witnesses connected to Dorner 's 2009 firing after the LAPD ruled that he lied two years earlier in a complaint he filed against his training officer . "  I am aware of the ghosts of the LAPD 's past , and one of my biggest concerns is that they will be resurrected by Dorner 's allegations of racism within the department , " Beck said . ` Last resort ' In the manifesto posted online , 33-year-old Dorner promised to bring "  unconventional and asymmetrical warfare " to officers and their families , calling it the "  last resort " to clear his name and strike back at a department he says mistreated him . According to authorities , Dorner began making good on his threats a week ago when he allegedly killed Monica Quan and her fiance , Keith Lawrence , in a parking lot in Irvine , south of Los Angeles . Quan was the daughter of a now-retired Los Angeles police officer who represented Dorner in a disciplinary hearing that led resulted in his termination . Timeline in hunt for Dorner Days later , early Thursday morning , Dorner allegedly opened fire on two LAPD police officers , wounding one , in the suburban city of Corona . Roughly 20 minutes later , Dorner allegedly fired on two police officers , killing one and wounding another , in the nearby city of Riverside . Widening manhunt Since then , much of the manhunt for Dorner has focused in and around the San Bernardino County mountaintop resort of Big Bear Lake after Dorner 's pickup was found burning in the area . As the dragnet entered its fourth day Sunday , the manhunt widened with the creation of a joint task force that brought together state and local law enforcement officials along with the FBI and the U.S. Marshals Service . "  We will look under every rock . We will look around every corner . We will search every mountaintop , " Riverside Asst. Police Chief Chris Vicino told reporters Saturday . In the snow-packed San Bernardino Mountains , officers trudged through fresh snow as they searched homes , knocking on doors and peeking in windows , for Dorner . But as the search continued with no sign of Dorner , questions were raised about whether he escaped the dragnet -- possibly days earlier . Arrest warrant A federal arrest warrant affidavit said Dorner 's burned-out truck was found on the property of a known associate in the Big Bear Lake area Thursday afternoon . There has been no sign of Dorner since Thursday , and there has been speculation , based in part on the affidavit , that he has possibly crossed state lines into Nevada or made his way into Mexico . Authorities say Dorner spent at least two days in the San Diego area following the shooting of Quan and her fiance . Dorner 's ID and some of his personal belongings were found Thursday at the San Ysidro Point of Entry at the U.S.-Mexico border , according to the affidavit . Border patrol agents have been searching cars crossing into Mexico for signs of Dorner , while authorities have searched a home Dorner owned in Las Vegas and one owned by his mother in La Palma , California . Two sailors also reported Dorner , a former Navy lieutenant , approached them at the San Diego-area Point Loma Naval Base , and local police allege he attempted to steal a boat . Even so , the focus of the manhunt remains on the San Bernardino Mountains where the search has been slowed by heavy snowfall . Search teams were aided by helicopters , snowcats and armored personnel carriers with snow chains . On alert Los Angeles-area police and a number of military installations have been on alert since the shootings , while authorities chase down a number of unconfirmed sightings of the 270-pound , 6-foot Dorner . In the manifesto and on a Facebook page , Dorner allegedly singled out as targets a number of officers and their families , who have been under guard since the shootings . The LAPD chief on Saturday described the police shooting of two women who were driving a pickup similar to the one Dorner owned as a "  tragic , horrific incident . " In an interview with CNN affiliate KCBS , Beck said the shootings of Margie Carranza , 47 , and her mother , 71-year-old Emma Hernandez , occurred a day after the manhunt for Dorner began . He said the officers were under enormous pressure . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton and Irving Last contributed to this report . Paul Vercammen and Stan Wilson reported from Big Bear Lake . Chelsea J. Carter wrote from Atlanta .	"  I do this not to appease a murderer . I do it to reassure the public , " the chief says In his manifesto , Dorner claims racism in the police department cost him his job The search for Dorner in the San Bernardino Mountains entered its fourth day Border agents are searching cars crossing into Mexico for signs of Dorner
Washington  CNN  -- The Republican-controlled House of Representatives on Friday rejected a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution -- a setback to GOP leaders and conservative activists who claim the measure is necessary to end the federal government 's spiraling deficit spending . A total of 261 members voted for the measure -- 23 votes shy of the two-thirds majority required for passage -- while 165 members opposed it . Most Republicans supported the measure ; most Democrats voted no . The vote on the amendment was agreed to by both parties over the summer as part of the agreement raising Washington 's debt ceiling . Democratic leaders , however , are vehemently opposed to the idea , arguing that it would force the government into an economically destructive cycle of massive spending cuts . Sponsored by Rep. Bob Goodlatte , R-Virginia , the measure would have required three-fifths of both chambers of Congress to sign off on any future deficit spending . The amendment 's requirements could have been waived in the event of a declaration of war . "  The American people are demanding action , " Goodlatte said earlier this month . "  They know that it is crucial we rein in the skyrocketing deficit spending that is discouraging investment and threatening to bankrupt our nation . " Shortly before the vote , Rep. John Fleming , R-Louisiana , called Congress "  hopelessly addicted to excessive spending and budget deficits " and said opponents of the amendment "  are hopelessly in denial , just like a drug addict is in denial about their addiction . " Fleming 's comments prompted a retort from Rep. Jesse Jackson Jr. , D-Illinois , who said , "  I am addicted to saving lives . I am addicted to making sure that Social Security is not violently cut by the balanced budget amendment . " Minority Whip Steny Hoyer , D-Maryland , also blasted the proposal on the House floor , accusing Republicans of engaging in political posturing by pushing measures like the balanced budget amendment while failing to support spending plans that would actually bring the government 's finances under control . "  Do n't talk about it . Just do it , " Hoyer said Thursday . "  Do n't cut taxes and increase spending . Do n't just preach fiscal responsibility . Practice it . It will take no courage to vote for this amendment , but it will take courage to balance our budget by paying for what we buy . " Despite the proposal 's defeat , it remains heavily favored by the public . Nearly three in four Americans favored passage of the amendment in a July 18-20 CNN/ORC International Poll , while only 24 % were opposed . Sixty percent of Americans believe a balanced budget amendment is necessary to get the deficit under control , according to the poll . The House passed a balanced budget amendment in 1995 , but the measure fell one vote short in the Senate in both 1995 and 1997 . CNN 's Virginia Nicolaidis and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	The GOP-controlled House rejects a balanced budget amendment Republicans insist the measure is needed to control spending Democrats accuse the GOP of reckless political posturing
CNN  Reaction to the massacre of cartoonists and journalists and others standing in the way in the Paris office of the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo will fall into two categories . One group will urge us to respect religions , to refrain from crossing a certain invisible line that offends . They will criticize the magazine , carefully prefacing their condemnation of the victims , the cartoonists and their editors , by saying that nothing justifies murder , but then they will make their point , explaining that their lampooning had simply gone too far , that they had it coming . There 's another way to respond . It is the way a free society , threatened and intimidated by murderous extremists , reacts when its most fundamental principles are on the line . Satire , humor , even of the tasteless and offensive variety , must be defended without qualification . That is how we must respond . The last tweet from the magazine 's account , just a few hours before masked gunmen broke in and killed at least a dozen people , features a cartoon wishing a happy new year "  and particularly good health " to the leader of the Islamic State , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi . That , in today 's world , counts as courage of the highest order . At this writing , we have no confirmation of who carried out the attack , but we have experience with these sorts of acts . Our first modern-day encounter with the threat of murder against artists who "  offend " came in 1989 , when Iran 's Ayatollah Khomeini issued a fatwa  that 's when we all learned the word  , a religious decree ordering the assassination of the writer Salman Rushdie over his novel , "  The Satanic Verses . " Rushdie went into hiding . Bookstores carrying the novel were set ablaze , and the novel 's Japanese translator was murdered . The world 's reaction ranged from blazing outrage to cool , considered empathy for the injured feelings of the attackers . After Iran 's new leader reaffirmed the Fatwa in 2012 and raised the bounty on Rushdie 's head , the writer told an interviewer that he could draw a "  straight line " from the 1989 threat against him and the 9/11 attacks . Since then , assaults on freedom of expression have become almost routine , with a trail of death in their wake . What is most troubling is the extent to which those assaults have succeeded , by producing pre-emptive self-censorship in democratic societies . The most famous of all the controversies came in 2005 , when the Danish daily Jyllands-Posten published cartoons of the prophet Mohammed . Islam forbids depictions of the prophet . Danish law , incidentally , does not . Activists used the cartoons to stir up anti-Western anger sparking protests against churches and embassies that left hundreds dead . The intimidation worked . I recall watching at home a TV interview in which the Danish editor unexpectedly raised an issue of the paper showing the cartoons , and someone in the studio nearly tackled the camera to the ground , apparently to prevent the images from airing . Discussions about the need to "  respect religions " became popular throughout the West . Ireland even passed a law banning "  blasphemy . " The Irish definition of blasphemy , in case you were wondering , is "  publishing or uttering matter that is grossly abusive or insulting in relation to matters sacred by any religion , thereby intentionally causing outrage among a substantial number of adherents of that religion . " Clearly , the law itself amounts to blasphemy against free expression . Most reasonable people do n't advocate insulting any religion . But in a free society , people 's feelings get hurt . We often cringe at what we hear . Publications such as Charlie Hebdo make us wince on a regular basis . Their targets are racists , extremists of all religions , and just about anyone that strikes their satirical interest . One drawing showed three rolls of toilet paper , labeled the Bible , the Koran , and the Torah , under the headline "  In the toilet , all the religions . " Christians , Jews , Muslims , politicians , businessmen , the innocent and the guilty have all come in for pictorial skewering , frequently in rather vulgar fashion . Offended ? Too bad . You do n't need to subscribe . You do n't need to like it . But if you want to live in a world in which ideas flow freely , in which even the most powerful have no immunity from scrutiny , there is no question that the work must be defended . Extremists need no excuses . Satire is only the lowest hanging fruit . If the cartoonists are silenced , they will find plenty of other targets that upset their sense of right and wrong . Charlie Hebdo , and Salman Rushdie , and Theo van Gogh , the Dutch film director murdered for making a film about Islam , offended many people . The vast majority responded by moving on , or arguing in favor of their own views , not joining a rampage of murder . Art , comedy , satire in particular , stand at the forefront of democratic freedoms . Attacks against them serve as an alarm about threats to other aspects of our lives . A few years ago , gunmen in Damascus attacked the Syrian cartoonist Ali Ferzat . They beat him and broke his fingers after he drew a cartoon showing the dictator Bashar al-Assad hitching a ride out of town with Libya 's Moammar Gadhaffi , who just been overthrown . Al-Assad could not take the joke . Tyrants and would-be tyrants can not tolerate mockery . Democracies , free societies , have no choice . They must defend it as if their survival depended on it . Even if the jokes are n't funny . Even if they offend . Even if they create risk . That is why it was imperative that the film that upset the North Korean dictator be shown despite -- no , because of -- the threats . When the offices of Charlie Hebdo were set ablaze in 2011 , after the paper published its "  Sharia Hebdo " issue , which they said was "  guest edited " by the prophet Muhammad , critics predictably complained that the publishers were asking for it , that it was all their fault . "  Sorry for your loss , Charlie , " wrote Time Magazine . "  Do you still think the price you paid for printing and offensive , shameful , and singularly humor-deficient parody ... was so worthwhile . " The Hebdo editors certainly did . And now they have paid a much greater price . The people who would silence cartoonists have more than cartoons in their sights . It is n't just the drawings they do n't like . If they would kill because of a cartoon , think how much about the rest of their lives they will find worth killing for .	Frida Ghitis : Some says Charlie Hebdo killings a signal to respect religions . That 's wrong lesson She says if we want a world of free-flowing ideas , we must defend free speech , never bend to terrorists
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- A former engineer for Rockwell International and Boeing was convicted Thursday of economic espionage and acting as an agent of China , authorities said . A Delta IV rocket launches on March 10 , 2003 at Cape Canaveral , Florida . Dongfan "  Greg " Chung , 73 , was accused of stealing restricted technology and Boeing trade secrets , including information related to the space shuttle program and the Delta IV rocket . U.S. District Judge Cormac J. Carney convicted him on charges of conspiracy to commit economic espionage ; six counts of economic espionage to benefit a foreign country ; one count of acting as an agent of the People 's Republic of China ; and one count of making false statements to the FBI , according to a statement from federal prosecutors . Carney presided over Chung 's three-week bench trial last month . In a bench trial , there is no jury and the judge decides whether to convict a defendant after hearing testimony . Chung was free on bond after his arrest by FBI agents and NASA investigators in February 2008 . He was taken into custody after Carney 's ruling was read . Chung , a native of China who is a naturalized United States citizen , was employed by Rockwell International from 1973 until Boeing acquired its defense and space unit in 1996 , and by Boeing thereafter . He retired from Boeing in 2002 , but returned as a contractor , a position he held until September 2006 , prosecutors said . Chung held a "  secret " security clearance , authorities said . "  For years , Mr. Chung stole critical trade secrets from Boeing relating to the space shuttle and the Delta IV rocket -- all for the benefit of the government of China , " said David Kris , assistant attorney general for national security , in the prosecutors ' statement . "  Today 's verdict should serve as a warning to others willing to compromise America 's economic and national security to assist foreign governments . " The case against Chung resulted from an investigation into another engineer who obtained information for China . That engineer , Chi Mak , and several of his relatives were convicted of providing defense articles to the PRC , authorities said . Mak was sentenced to more than 24 years in prison last year . According to evidence presented at trial , individuals in the Chinese aviation industry began sending tasks to Chung via letter as early as 1979 , federal prosecutors said . Over the years , the letters directed Chung to collect data related to the space shuttle and various military and civilian aircraft . In his letters back to China , Chung referenced materials he had already sent , including 24 manuals relating to the B-1 bomber , which Rockwell had forbidden for distribution outside the company and federal agencies . In addition , between 1985 and 2003 , Chung traveled to China several times and met with government officials . His contacts in China discussed these trips in letters and recommended methods of passing information , authorities said . In a 2006 search of Chung 's home , FBI and NASA agents found more than 250,000 pages of documents from Boeing , Rockwell and other defense contractors in the house and in its crawl space , prosecutors said . They included "  scores of binders containing decades ' worth of stress analysis reports , test results and design information for the space shuttle . " Each economic espionage charge carries a maximum sentence of 15 years in prison and a $ 500,000 fine , authorities said . The charge of acting as an agent for a foreign government carries a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . The charges of conspiracy to commit economic espionage and making false statements to federal investigators each carry a maximum sentence of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine . Chung is set for sentencing November 9 .	Dongfan Chung , 73 , convicted of economic espionage ; acting as agent of china Accused of stealing restricted technology , Boeing trade secrets Technology included information on space shuttle ; Delta IV rocket Chung is a native of China who is a naturalized United States citizen
CNN  -- Singer Natalie Cole told CNN 's Larry King she is searching for a kidney after an illness caused both of her kidneys to fail . Singer Natalie Cole continues to tour , despite being on dialysis three times a week . Before she finished telling King Tuesday night about her battles with drugs , illnesses and her search for a kidney , dozens of e-mails flooded the CNN studio . They were all offers from people saying they would get tested to see whether their kidney could be donated . King handed a thick stack of paper to Cole . "  These are all e-mails from dozens -- dozens of people offering to be tested to see if they can match , who want to give you a kidney , " King said . Cole stared at the papers for a moment . "  There are some great human beings out there . That 's all I can say , " Cole said . Watch Natalie Cole 's interview with Larry King " "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors , " said Cole , the daughter of legendary crooner Nat King Cole . Cole said her kidney troubles date back to February 2008 when she was diagnosed with hepatitis C. Cole said she attributes the hepatitis C from her well-publicized struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin . Cole said she has been sober for some time now after two stints in a rehabilitation clinic . Cole said she underwent chemotherapy in an aggressive way to fight the virus . Within four months of getting chemotherapy , both of Cole 's kidneys failed . "  I could n't breathe . I -- I went into -- literally , my kidneys stopped functioning . They stopped , you know , processing the fluid that was starting to build up in my body . " Since then , Cole has been on dialysis three days a week and has been searching for a kidney , she told King in one of the first public interviews about the issue . Cole won six Grammy awards for her 1991 critically acclaimed album "  Unforgettable ... With Love , " a jazzy tribute to her father . She won a Grammy this year for her new album "  Still Unforgettable " and another Grammy for her work on another album . Cole said that she has still been able to tour this year even with her kidney ailment . "  I have been on dialysis in Istanbul , Milan , Indonesia , Manila , London . It 's -- it 's amazing , " Cole said .	During "  Live King Live , " dozens e-mail offering to see whether they are a match Singer to Larry King : "  I 'm on a very long list , which is why we are looking to donors " Natalie Cole says she was diagnosed with hepatitis C in February 2008 She links the illness to her struggles to stop using cocaine and heroin
Bogota , Colombia  CNN  -- It 's the largest producer of cocaine in the world and a key supplier of heroin to the United States . According to the CIA , Colombia produces 535 metric tons of cocaine a year , most of it for the U.S. market . The South American country has retained its status as key cocaine producer in spite of an ambitious anti-drug agreement launched a decade ago with the financial support of the United States . The agreement is called "  Plan Colombia . " Since 2000 , the plan has cost the United States $ 7 billion , according to the Inter-American Dialogue , a Washington think tank that has closely monitored the implementation of Plan Colombia . The money has been mostly used to help Colombia strengthen its police and military . Before the implementation of Plan Colombia , 50 % of the Colombian territory did n't have a government security presence . Marta Lucia Ramirez , a former Colombian minister of defense and one of the architects of Plan Colombia , says the agreement has helped her country to strengthen democracy and government institutions . It has also increased the Colombian government 's ability to fight what she calls "  narco-terrorism . " But Ramirez also says that the high drug demand in the U.S. makes it difficult to eradicate production at home . "  I really believe that the American strategy against drugs is not enough . It 's probably a failure . It 's -LSB- a policy -RSB- that they have to review , " says Ramirez . Colombia welcomes U.S. drug czar Gil Kerlikowske this week . Kerlikowske , in his role as director of the White House 's Office of National Drug Control Policy , will do a progress evaluation of plan Colombia as part of his trip . Ahead of his visit , Kerlikowske told the Colombian newspaper El Tiempo that he sees a commitment on the part of the government of President Juan Manuel Santos , who took office in August . "  We 're going to talk about the continuation of the relationship between both countries , not only in terms of reduction but also in terms of prevention and demand , " said Kerlikowske . Security experts , including Colombian Aurelio Suarez , say Plan Colombia has improved security , but it has fallen short on its original goal of reducing drug production in the region . In what is known as the balloon effect , increased army attacks against drug traffickers in Colombia has moved coca and poppy crops elsewhere . "  And the quantity of the drug production from the Andean countries like Bolivia , Peru and Colombia is the same as 10 years ago , " says Suarez . Salud Hernandez , a journalist who has traveled extensively in areas where coca is grown , has witnessed the balloon effect . She says drug traffickers just move to other countries , but also relocate within Colombia . "  There are still drug dealers -LSB- in Colombia -RSB- . There 's still a lot of drug trafficking , and there are still a lot of crops in many regions of the country , " says Hernandez . What 's even more troublesome , the Washington-based Inter-American Dialogue says that roughly 90 % of cocaine sold in the United States still comes from Colombia . Michael Shifter , the organization 's president , says that "  Plan Colombia 's many critics rightly point to the policy 's failure to meet the fundamental purpose for which the program was developed : To reduce the availability of drugs , particularly cocaine in U.S. communities , " says Shifter . In Colombia there 's a new push to refocus government efforts on improving socioeconomic conditions for the population as a means of making organized crime and guerrillas associated with drug traffickers less appealing to peasants who live in marginalized areas . Colombia 's problems go well beyond drug trafficking and security . About 50 % of Colombians live in poverty , and 60 % have no regular employment . Now that security has improved , many Colombians such as security analyst Suarez say it 's time for the Colombian government to address issues such as social inequality and long-term development as a way to slow down the seemingly never-ending production of illicit drugs in Colombia .	Since 2000 , U.S. has funded anti-drug initiative "  Plan Colombia " at cost of $ 7 billion One of the architects of plan points out democracy has been strengthened in Colombia Critics point out that 90 % of cocaine sold in U.S. comes from Colombia U.S. drug czar Gil Kerlikowske will visit this week to check on progress of anti-drug effort
CNN  -- Those who were in AC Milan 's San Siro stadium Saturday night for the Italian club 's Serie A clash with Fiorentina say the atmosphere felt like a long "  good bye . " Kaka waves to supporters during Milan 's match with Fiorentina on Saturday . As Kaka entered the pitch he took a long look around and then beat his fist on his chest -- a gesture commonly used by footballers to display their loyalty to supporters . Was he saying Milan will always be in his heart ? Or was he simply giving everyone a heartfelt "  saludo " ? Kaka , Milan 's Brazilian superstar and a former world footballer of the year , is reported to be the subject of a $ 150 million bid from super-rich English club Manchester City that would smash football 's transfer word record . Milan 's supporters are on Kaka 's side , because they believe it is club officials who want to sell him . Silvio Berlusconi , no longer the club 's president but the man in charge when it comes to make major decisions , said this week that it was difficult to ask someone who earns 10 million euros a year to turn down an offer of 15 million euros , adding "  It 's a difficult offer to refuse . " Berlusconi is counting his own money . Italy 's prime minister is also the country 's richest man and he remains businessman at heart . He purchased Kaka in 2003 for $ 7.5 million  roughly 8 million euros at the time  . Selling him on would generate a massive profit on his investment -- in cash and paid up front . Privately , most Milan supporters would probably agree with Berlusconi 's reasoning . After all , when so much money is at stake , your head as much as your heart must decide , and the ball at this point is with Kaka rather than club officials . Still supporters displayed a mix of anger and sarcasm on Saturday evening . "  Hands off Kaka " read one banner , while another said : "  I thought the devil could not sell its soul , but I was wrong , " referring to Milan 's devil 's head logo . "  Berlusconi , Interista " read another one , referring to Inter , the city 's other top team and AC Milan 's archrivals . In a choreographed protest 30 minutes into Saturday 's match , hundreds of supporters occupying a section of the central stand waved 50-euro notes towards AC Milan President Adriano Galliani , sitting just above them . Galliani did n't react , but perhaps thought to himself that the money was n't even enough to pay Kaka 's wages for a day . The 26-year-old will reportedly earn around $ 500,000 a week at Manchester City . Likewise , the 5,000 supporters who signed a petition to keep the Brazilian star in Milan would have to pay $ 100 a week each to match the offer . A single banner criticized the player . "  I belong to money " it read , referring to the "  I belong to Jesus " t-shirt Kaka has displayed occasionally after scoring a goal . The banner stayed up only a few minutes but then mysteriously disappeared . Even on this emotional evening at the San Siro there was no room for criticism of the fans ' Brazilian hero . At the end of the game Kaka 's teammates hugged him and he waved again towards the supporters . Was he saying goodbye to them -- or to a $ 150 million move to Manchester ?	Milan fans express anger over Kaka 's rumored $ 150M move to Manchester City Fans wave banknotes at club officials , display "  Hands off Kaka " banners Brazilian waved to fans , beat chest with fist , at start and end of match Milan have admitted 26-year-old could leave club in a world record deal
New York  CNN  When Sharrif Wilson was released after being wrongfully imprisoned for more than 20 years , he could n't wait to have a hot slice of New York pizza . "  I feel free . I feel great right now . I 'll able to do things that I -LSB- could n't -RSB- do for the last 21 years , " Wilson told CNN the day after his February 2014 release . His freedom was cut short . Wilson , 38 , died Saturday night at Mount Sinai Hospital in Manhattan after suffering from breathing problems and other health issues , less than a year after DNA evidence led to his freedom , according to a statement from his attorney 's office . "  They took him away from us . And we finally got him back , " Fatima Wilson , Sharrif 's sister told CNN affiliate WPIX . Wilson was arrested in June 1992 , along with his friend Anthony Yarbough , in the slaying of Yarbough 's 40-year-old mother , Yarbough 's 12-year-old sister and 12-year-old cousin in a Coney Island housing project . Yarbough was just 18 , and Wilson only 15 , when they were accused of murder . Brooklyn detectives placed Yarbough and Wilson into separate interview rooms and coerced false confessions from the two teens , who were later convicted in separate trials . Yarbough , who was sentenced to 75 years to life in prison , also was released last year . Yarbough 's attorney and the district attorney 's office began revisiting the case in 2010 . In 2013 , new DNA evidence from under Yarbough 's mother 's fingernails matched sperm from the 1999 unsolved rape and murder of Migdalia Ruiz of Brooklyn , according to an investigation by the Medical Examiner 's office . Yarbough and Wilson were already incarcerated when the 1999 rape and murder occurred , according to Adam Perlmutter , Wilson 's attorney . "  He was a healthy , young , 15-year-old-boy . And he came out a broken , morbidly obese individual whose health care was n't really well monitored and maintained by state prison authorities , " Perlmutter told WPIX . Brooklyn District Attorney Kenneth P. Thompson said his office examined "  newly discovered scientific evidence that was not available at the time of the trial . " "  Based on this new evidence , I believe a jury would have been more likely to return a different verdict , " Thompson said . DNA frees North Carolina 's longest-serving death row resident Wilson 's death recalls the case of William Lopez . After being wrongfully imprisoned for over 20 years , Lopez passed away at age 55 last September of a massive asthma attack , just days before a scheduled pre-motion conference for his $ 124 million lawsuit against New York City . He had been out of prison less than two years , said Jeffrey Deskovic , whose foundation had worked with Lopez to help secure his release . Lopez was convicted of a 1989 Brooklyn murder and sentenced to 25 years-to-life in prison . He was released from prison in January 2013 after a key witness recanted her testimony , saying she had lied in exchange for leniency from the prosecution in her own pending cases , according to the National Registry of Exonerations . Deskovic feels affected by both deaths , even though he never met Wilson in person . "  Lives are literally being stolen from these wrongful convictions , " said Deskovic . "  What is it going to take for our government to finally pass legislation to prevent this ? How many more lives are going to be impacted like this ? " Exonerated : Cases by the numbers CNN 's Haley Draznin and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Sharrif Wilson , 38 , dies less than one year after his release from prison DNA evidence suggests another killer , who committed a crime while pair were in prison
CNN  Oscar-nominated filmmaker Bruce Sinofsky , whose series on the "  West Memphis Three " cast doubt on the murder convictions of three Arkansas teenagers , catalyzing a movement that led to their release , died Saturday , longtime collaborator Joe Berlinger said . The Emmy-award winning documentary director died in his sleep of complications from diabetes , Berlinger said . He was 58 . "  Bruce 's humanity is on every frame of the films that he leaves behind , and words ca n't express how graced I feel my life has been by having the extraordinary opportunity of being able to say we were partners and , more importantly , best friends , " said Berlinger . The duo collaborated on Sinofsky 's debut , the critically acclaimed "  Brother 's Keeper , " before turning to the "  Paradise Lost " trilogy , a series of films that drew attention to the case of three teen boys convicted in 1994 of killing three Cub Scouts in West Memphis , Arkansas . The films , released in 1996 , 2004 and 2011 , raised questions about the evidence , drawing attention from musicians including Eddie Vedder , Tom Waits and Henry Rollins , who pushed for a review of the case . After spending 18 years in prison , Jessie Misskelley , Damien Echols and Jason Baldwin were released pursuant to a complicated plea agreement in September 2011 , one month before the final installment , "  Purgatory , " was released . The film was nominated for an Academy Award . As the case wended though the courts , Sinokfsky and Berlinger turned their attention to metal band Metallica , whose music was featured in the first two installments of "  Paradise Lost . " The result was 2004 's "  Metallica : Some Kind of Monster . " Sinofsky also directed PBS ' "  Good Rockin ' Tonight : The Legacy of Sun Records , " an installment of The History Channel 's "  10 Days that Unexpectedly Changed America " and episodes of the Sundance Channel 's "  Iconoclasts " series . He won multiple Emmys , a Peabody and an Independent Spirit Award for his work . Berlinger recalled Sinofsky 's dedication to his first film "  Brother 's Keeper , " despite a lack of of financial backing or equipment . "  Bruce encouraged both of us to throw caution into the wind to start capturing what would become ` Brother 's Keeper ' in 1991 with no money in our pockets , in the pre-video 16mm age of documentary-making , when making a no-budget film took a little more ingenuity to get in the can , " he said in a statement . "  His unique combination of courage and empathy made that possible , as well as everything that came after for us . The extraordinary adventures we had on the road and the deeply stimulating experiences we had in the editing room were life-changing for all of us who knew him thanks to his wisdom and fervor to change the world . " A memorial service will be held in March . People we 've lost in 2015	Bruce Sinofsky 's documentaries covered a range of topics He took up the noted case of convicted "  West Memphis Three " Sinofsky , 58 , co-directed film about heavy metal band Metallica
CNN  -- The Mexican Federal Police captured eight people involved in a daylight shootout that paralyzed three sections of Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , Wednesday afternoon , authorities say . Among those arrested were five cartel members with ties to the Sinaloa cartel who admitted to being involved in the kidnapping of a groom and three others at a wedding in Juarez on May 7 , Municipal Police spokesman Jacinto Seguro told CNN . The four victims from the wedding were found dead in the back of a pickup truck days later . Some have speculated that the groom , a U.S. citizen whose family owns a transporting company in New Mexico , had ties to the Juarez cartel . When the bodies of the victims were found , they showed signs of torture . The victims also had pig faces drawn on their foreheads , a symbol used by the Sinaloa cartel to describe their rivals from the Juarez cartel . Federal police said the other three of the eight people detained had ties to the Aztecas , a local gang of drug dealers in Juarez that acts as the enforcing arm for the Juarez cartel in the city . With them was a man from El Paso , Texas , who had been kidnapped and held for 15 days , Seguro said . The sequestered man , 54 , identified only by his alias "  El Pistolita " had ties to a cartel , Seguro said . The eight men were captured Wednesday in two separate events that took place between 2 p.m. and 3 p.m. , Seguro said . Police identified the detained Sinaloa cartel hit men as Ricardo Esteban Rubalcaba Reyes , 24 , alias "  El Guawis " ; Jose Alfredo Monreal Escajeda , 37 , alias "  El Primo " ; Porfirio Rubio Valle , 48 , alias "  El Pilo " ; Jesus Emilio Gil Acosta , 40 , alias "  El Milo " ; and Cecilio Torres Adriano , 43 , alias "  El Cilo . " Among the men detained with Aztecas/Juarez cartel connections were Tomas Antonio Duarte Amaya , 33 , alias "  El Tony " ; and Jesus Alfredo Lopez Cruz , 30 , alias "  El Chuy , " police said . A third member of the Juarez cartel , who was only identified by his first name "  Jesus , " is 17 . Mexican law prohibits the release of the identity of minors . Pictures from arrests showed an arsenal of weapons and ammunition seized during the captures . The three from the Juarez cartel were detained while riding in a stolen green Ford Windstar which they used in a separate attack on a residence in Juarez , police said . Mexican federal police are calling the captures the most significant arrests since they took over security from the Mexican military one month ago .	Eight people arrested in daylight shootout between suspects , Mexican federal police Shootout paralyzed sections of Juarez , Mexico , for a time Wednesday Five suspects tied to one drug cartel , three to another Federal police hail arrests as most significant since they took charge from military last month
How was Danvers High math teacher Colleen Ritzer killed ? With a box cutter the suspect , 14-year-old Philip Chism , had brought into school , a source close to the investigation says . What happened to her body afterward ? It was stashed in a recycling bin , rolled outside , then dumped about 20 feet into woods behind the northeastern Massachusetts high school 's athletic fields , adds another source . It was left there -- not buried , not even covered . And where did the alleged killer go afterward ? After changing his clothes , he went to a Wendy 's fast food restaurant and a movie , sources say , before police in a neighboring town saw him walking on a busy road under the pitch-dark sky early Wednesday . Those are the answers , many of them revealed Thursday , two days after the teacher 's killing . Yet the question of why this happened -- why a popular young educator who always wore a smile and went the extra mile was killed allegedly by a teenager who friends , family and co-workers described as reserved and well-behaved -- continues to loom large . Chism , who had moved to the Boston suburb of Danvers before the start of the school year , remained jailed without bond Thursday . A grand jury will play a big part in deciding his next step : If they indict him for first - or second-degree murder , he -- like any juvenile age 14 or older -- would be tried as an adult , based on Massachusetts law . Meanwhile , the tight-knit North Shore community is still trying to make sense of what he allegedly did and of life without a teacher who so many appreciated , learned from and loved . "  It 's just surreal how quickly someone can go , and how much we take for granted every day , " said Danvers High student Chris Weimert . "  Ritzer was  the nicest teacher you could ever have . I ca n't believe it . " Two missing persons ' reports come together Students and colleagues described the 24-year-old Ritzer as someone who gave everything for her students -- be it a pat on the back , a sensible explanation to a tricky concept , or the time , effort and heart to work through problems , math or otherwise , with them . One of those students was Chism , a freshman . He 'd been doodling and listening to music during his Algebra I class in the school 's final period , classmate Cambria Cloutier told CNN . Creating such drawings was unusual for Chism , who Cloutier recalled rarely participated in class discussions but was "  a really good student . " When the final bell sounded at 1:55 p.m. Tuesday , Ritzer asked him to stay after class , according to Cloutier , who sat two desks over from Chism . While shuttling between two afterschool meetings , Cloutier said she looked into the same classroom and saw Ritzer standing by her computer and Chism sitting in a chair about five to 10 feet away . The teacher smiled at her , Cloutier recalled . At some point that afternoon , Ritzer went to a regular students ' girls bathroom on Danver High 's second floor , as someone was in the locked faculty bathroom , a source close to the investigation said . Chism allegedly followed her in . There , Ritzer was punched a few times before being killed with a box cutter around 3:30 p.m. , said a source . Her body went into a recycling bin , then outside the school where it was tossed . Authorities eventually found a bin that apparently had been thrown off an embankment some 100 feet away from Ritzer 's body , a source said . Before police found her -- before they even knew she was missing -- they 'd started looking for Chism . This was in the early evening , with Danvers Police tweeting to residents that he had n't returned home and was last seen around the Hollywood Hits movie theater in the town some 20 miles northeast of Boston . While they were looking for him , police got a call around 11:20 p.m. Tuesday about another missing person : Ritzer . She was n't home either , nor had she answered her phones . The stories started coming together about an hour later , when police officers in nearby Topsfield found Chism walking along Route 1 . Whatever he told detectives in his subsequent interviews , whatever they saw in surveillance footage from the school , led to Chism 's arrest for murder . It also led them to Ritzer 's body in the woods . Read the complaint A quiet and normal student Chism is a quiet young man , those who know him said . He excelled at soccer and made a harmless impression . "  He ... seemed quiet and reserved , but he just seemed normal , " said Ariana Edwards , who was in Chism 's English class . Chism did n't drink or do drugs , and he came from a good family , one of his closest friends said . He described Chism as a good athlete who was shy at first but eventually warmed up to people , adding that he had n't been acting strangely lately . Friends got their first hint that something was awry when Chism did n't show up for soccer practice Tuesday . The team set out to look for him after seeing texts that he was missing . He was a newcomer to Danvers , a town of about 26,000 people . His family had bounced around , and he had lived in different cities in Tennessee and Florida since he was in fourth grade , authorities in those states said . A teacher who went the extra mile Meanwhile , many were at a loss in Danvers to explain the death of Ritzer -- a woman who inspired many , whether it be in the classroom or online , with her heart , intellect and positive spirit . "  She was talking on Saturday about this year was a good year . She was teaching freshmen for the first time . She was happy , " said Jen Berger , Ritzer 's best friend . "  I do n't even know what the world is like without her . It 's a scary thought . " Sympathy spread through the region , making its way into the baseball World Series . Bleachers full of fans who had assembled to watch the Boston Red Sox take on the St. Louis Cardinals observed a moment of silence in Ritzer 's honor before Game 1 began Wednesday night at Boston 's Fenway Park . Ritzer , a 2011 graduate of Assumption College who was working towards a master 's degree at Salem State University , seemed to always wear a wide smile and was approachable to students and colleagues alike , said Charlotte Dzerkacz , who became good friends with Ritzer in 2011 when they taught at the same middle school . "  She was energetic , she was compassionate , " Dzerkacz said . "  You could n't ask for anything more from a teacher or a friend . " Salem State issued a statement lamenting Ritzer 's death . "  She believed children have much to offer and often do not realize how special they are as individuals , " the university said . "  In her application to Salem State she said she was dedicated to ` helping students in times of need . ' " Ritzer was known to take to Twitter to dole out homework assignments and wisdom to her students . "  No matter what happens in life , be good to people , " she wrote in August . "  Being good to people is a wonderful legacy to leave behind . " Debate unfolds after teacher slayings in Nevada , Massachusetts	Colleen Ritzer asked Chism , who 'd been doodling , to stay after a class , student says The student saw the two sitting a few feet apart in the classroom , after school Source : Ritzer was punched before being killed with box cutter in bathroom Her body was put in a recycling bin , then tossed in nearby woods
CNN  The New Kids on the Block are hangin ' tough on nostalgia . The boy band , colloquially known as NKOTB , announced they 're going back on tour this summer with special guests R&B group TLC and rapper Nelly . The pop group revealed Tuesday that "  The Main Event " tour will kick off May 1 in Las Vegas , and hit 40-plus cities in the U.S. and Canada . Tickets can be purchased starting January 31 . This is not the first time NKOTB has combined forces in the name of '90s sentimentality : In recent years , they 've also toured with fellow boy bands such as the Backstreet Boys , 98 Degrees and Boyz II Men . The news comes on the heels that TLC is attempting to fund their new -- and final -- album via a Kickstarter campaign . "  There 's no better way than to do it with our fans ; they made all of this possible anyway , " Tionne "  T-Boz " Watkins said in a video , with Rozonda "  Chilli " Thomas by her side . The third member of the multiplatinum group , Lisa "  Left Eye " Lopes , was killed in a car accident in 2002 . Grateful Dead reuniting for 50th anniversary shows	New Kids on the Block is touring with TLC and Nelly this summer Tickets go on sale January 31
CNN  -- Keegan Bradley beat fellow American Jason Dufner in a three-hole playoff to win the U.S. PGA Championship in Atlanta Sunday . The 25-year-old from Vermont finished one-under-par over the 16th , 17th and 18th holes at the Atlanta Athletic Club to hold off Dufner by a shot and claim his first major title . He is the seventh first-time major winner in a row , a record , and the first player from the United States since Phil Mickelson at the Masters in 2010 to lay claim to one of golf 's majors . Bradley , a rookie in his first season on the PGA Tour , found his victory hard to take in , particularly as he was playing in a major for the first time , his place sealed by claiming the Byron Nelson Championship back in May . "  I ca n't believe it , " he said . "  I feel so proud . " When Bradley , who is the nephew of LPGA legend Pat Bradley , triple-bogeyed the 15th in regular play , his chances looked over . He trailed Dufner , who was 11-under , by five shots with just four holes to play . But as Dufner proceeded to card three careless bogeys in a row , Bradley birdied the 16th and 17th and parred the treacherous 18th to set the clubhouse target on eight-under 272 after a 68 . Dufner bravely holed out for a par on the 18th for a 69 to force the playoff but was immediately behind , as Bradley birdied the 16th . When Dufner bogeyed the 17th to fall two shots behind his challenge looked over , but he rattled home a birdie putt on the last to force Bradley to two-putt for par and a remarkable victory . Dane Anders Hansen powered through the field on the last day for a 66 to finish third on seven-under-par . Fellow Scandinavian Robert Karlsson of Sweden looked a possible winner as he got to eight-under , but a run of three bogeys dropped him into a tie for fourth with 2001 PGA winner David Toms and another American , Scott Verplank , on five under . English pair Luke Donald and Lee Westwood , respectively No. 1 and No. 2 in the world , both threatened on the final day , but mistakes cost them dear on the back nine , as they shared eighth on three-under , a shot behind last week 's WGC Bridgestone winner Adam Scott of Australia . Brendan Steele , who started the day as joint overnight leader with Dufner , fell away with a 77 and ended in a large group on level par , which included Mickelson .	Keegan Bradley beats Jason Dufner in playoff to win U.S. PGA Championship Bradley and Dufner finish eight-under-par in regulation play in Atlanta Bradley is seventh first-time major winner in a row Anders Hansen of Denmark finishes third a shot behind
CNN  -- Ladies and gentlemen , it 's "  The Neil Patrick Harris Show " ! An announcer might not use those exact words -- plenty of details are still up for grabs -- but , according to a report on New York magazine 's website , there will be a variety show hosted by the versatile star . The show will be based on the UK variety show "  Saturday Night Takeaway . " Harris has been plain about his desire to host a variety show . The onetime "  Doogie Howser " and "  How I Met Your Mother " actor , who 's impressed audiences with his turns on Broadway  in "  Hedwig and the Angry Inch "  and on TV awards shows  he 'll be hosting the Oscars next year  , told Howard Stern of his hopes earlier this year . Neil Patrick Harris to host Oscars CBS had tried to sell him on taking over for David Letterman , Harris told Stern , but Harris had no desire to do a talk show . Instead , he pitched a variety show to the network . CBS head Les Moonves was interested , Harris said at the time . New York magazine said that a number of networks were bidding for Harris ' services , and NBC won . There was no timetable given for when the show might debut . Harris told New York that he 's looking forward to the challenge , since he 's a big fan of "  Takeaway . " The UK show involves games , celebrity guests and pranks . "  As I watched the show , I could n't stop smiling . Now that I 've seen many seasons , my face hurts . It 's a game changer , " said Harris . "  Nothing like this has been done before , and its unique structure fits right into my random skill set . I ca n't wait to roll up my sleeves and have some fun ! "	Neil Patrick Harris to do NBC variety show , report says Program will be a U.S. version of UK 's "  Saturday Night Takeaway " Harris has long been recognized for his multifaceted talents
Washington  CNN  -- This year 's first day of reckoning for President Barack Obama 's signature domestic initiative is fast approaching . The second is seven-plus months away . The big question : Will the math on the first have anything to do with the math on the second ? March 31 is the first benchmark : the first big enrollment deadline for what Democrats prefer to call the Affordable Care Act . The second is Election Day in November . The administration is all but certain to fall short of its stated enrollment goal of 7 million . But after a disastrous initial rollout , crossing the 6 million mark by the March 31 deadline appears within reach , and the White House will make the case that it is a policy success that leaves the program on a firm footing . But whether the improving numbers can be used to reshape the political climate as it relates to the health care law depends on whether Democrats on the ballot this year in competitive races have the courage to more forcefully rebut the Republican argument that the health care law is a disaster . Justices to hear ` Hobby Lobby ' case on Obamacare birth control rule Nancy Pelosi sees a shifting tide . "  I believe that it 's a winner , " the House minority leader said Thursday . But she then added the critical part : "  That is a case we have to make . " Some of Pelosi 's point is personal : She was House speaker when the health care law passed , and it is a proud piece of her legislative legacy . Some of her appeal , though , is raw politics : She believes that Democrats who run from the health care law only help Republicans who are making it their focus in the midterm campaign . She is at the moment a lonely voice in making the case that Democrats should celebrate the law , not distance themselves from it . And the latest polling underscores her challenge in persuading Democrats in tough races -- especially statewide Senate contests -- to be more open , and aggressive , in promoting the law . A Pew Center survey released Thursday found that 53 % of Americans disapprove of the 2010 health care law ; 41 % approve . Here 's a nugget in that survey that Pelosi could use to make her case : A majority of those who oppose the Affordable Care Act think politicians should enact fixes to make it work better . But most of the data suggest the issue will remain a potent one for the GOP . Though 72 % of Democrats support the law , only 37 % of independents and 8 % of Republicans do . And the potency of the health care issue for the GOP comes into stark focus when you dig deeper into the demographic splits in the Pew data . Obama : Democrats get ` clobbered ' in midterms In a midterm year , turnout among African-Americans and Latinos tends to drop significantly , something Obama lamented yet again Thursday night at a Democratic fundraising dinner . "  In midterms , we get clobbered , " the President said , "  either because we do n't think it 's important or we 've become so discouraged about what 's happening in Washington that we think it 's not worth our while . " History suggests the midterm electorate will be older and whiter than in a presidential year , something that would tilt the scales -- on health care and other issues -- in the GOP direction . Consider this from the Pew health care survey : Seventy-seven percent of blacks support the law , as do 47 % of Hispanics . But just 33 % of whites support the law . And just 35 % of those over the age of 65 support the law ; 56 % oppose it . In presidential years , when more younger voters and people of color turn out , the demographics favor Democrats . But this year , the GOP appears likely to have a demographic advantage and one magnified by the fact that those most likely to vote in November are least likely to support the President 's health care law .	March 31 is big deadline for Obamacare enrollment , but November elections are true test To win , Democrats will have to change narrative that Obamacare is a failure Support for the health care law is divided along partisan and racial lines Democratic midterm turnout among minorities , young voters tends to drop
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indians want their version of the American Dream . Even the Chinese Dream will do . And so they have voted for a man who promises more for less : more development and growth , with less government and red tape . For India 's 1.27 billion dreamers , their new Prime Minister Narendra Modi is a known commodity . His simple mandate is to do for India what he has done for the north western state of Gujarat in the last 12 years : conjure up Chinese-levels of growth and prosperity . But for Modi 's counterparts in Washington , Beijing , and Islamabad , India 's new leader is considered a wildcard . Will he be aggressive , or a dove ? What is his foreign policy ? Does he have a vision for India 's place in the world ? There 's very little to go on . Modi has never addressed foreign policy at length ; Indian campaigns rarely involve debates on world affairs . Few in New Delhi seem to have a clear sense of his plans . When I spoke with Arun Shourie , a former Indian minister now being touted as a top candidate to head the finance ministry , I got a telling response : "  Anyone who says they know Modi 's plans , does n't really know anything . The ones who know wo n't talk . " So let 's start with the few signals we 've received from the man himself . Reaching out to neighbors Modi has certainly begun with a flourish , scoring a coup in getting his Pakistani counterpart to attend his swearing-in . On Monday , Nawaz Sharif became the first Pakistani Prime Minister in history to attend an Indian prime minister 's inauguration . The two men were photographed exchanging a firm handshake . Modi later tweeted that Sharif had "  shared some very emotional things " during their meeting . He elaborated with a story about how Sharif 's mother became emotional when watching Modi 's mother offering him sweets .  Read the series of tweets here Modi 's Twitter account also highlights his early attempts to strengthen ties with his new counterparts . After his election , he announced to his 4.38 million followers congratulatory messages from U.S. President Barack Obama , Israel 's PM Netanyahu , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , France 's Hollande , Russia 's Putin , as well as leaders from New Zealand , Fiji , Qatar , Afghanistan and more . Japan got an especially lavish mention : "  Personally , I have a wonderful experience of working with Japan as -LSB- Chief Minister of Gujarat . -RSB- , " Modi tweeted . "  I am sure we will take India-Japan ties to newer heights . " Japan 's PM Shinzo Abe follows only three people on Twitter -- Modi , of course , is one of them . Twitter diplomacy is not just about rhetoric -- there have been some early results , too . Sri Lankan President Mahinda Rajapakse tweeted Sunday : "  As a goodwill measure on the occasion of @narendramodi 's swearing-in , President instructs officials to release Indian fishermen in custody . " None of the above sheds light on what kind of vision Modi has , but it is indeed a refreshing marker of proactive engagement -- the opposite of India 's foreign policy in years gone by . In an excellent essay in Foreign Affairs last month , Manjari Chatterjee Miller described how Indian foreign policy in the last 50 years has been characterized "  more by continuity than by change " -- irrespective of the party in power . ` Non-alignment ' India 's relations with major powers have stayed stable . Broadly , there are two reasons behind this trend . One is India 's historic pledge of "  non-alignment " : the country 's first Prime Minister Jawaharlal Nehru founded the global Non-Aligned Movement , a group of states agreeing to not align with major powers . The other reason is India 's neglect of foreign policy planning from the very top : civil servants get little-to-no instruction from the prime minister 's office , and so have great levels of autonomy and wield significant power . The result is no clear vision from New Delhi , and a general stasis in India 's relations with the world . It has often been pointed out that India has fewer diplomats than Singapore , a country with a population 1/250th the size of India 's . India has consistently punched below its weight despite aspiring to be a global player . Will Modi change these trends ? Again , it is difficult to read his mind . But turn again to what Modi has actually said . The writer Dhruva Jaishanker points out that Modi has repeatedly stated that foreign policy begins at home . This is not to suggest that Modi will be insular . Instead , his relations with other countries will be driven by business needs and a sense of realism -- perhaps similar , in theory , to China 's relations with South Asian and African states . Many writers and commentators have expressed fears about Modi 's foreign policy on two main fronts . First , that he will channel his brand of pro-Hindu nationalism into friction with Pakistan . Second , that he will use his prior history with Washington -- Modi 's U.S. visa was revoked in 2005 over a never-before-used religious freedoms act -- as a reason to snub the world 's biggest economy . On both fronts , we have no way of confirming those fears just yet . But with each passing day , we are witnessing an evolving Modi , a realist whose goal is to grow India Inc. and do business with anyone -- at home or abroad -- who can help achieve that goal . Modi 's real test will be whether he can bring a longer-term vision to India 's foreign policy planning . Will he keep New Delhi non-aligned ? Will he pivot further East ? Will he help fulfil Obama 's prediction that India and the U.S. will form the 21st century 's defining partnership ? Only Modi knows the answers . But if Indian foreign policy has so far not been driven by the prime minister 's office , I think we can now expect that strange quirk to change . For better or worse , Prime Minister Modi will take charge .	India 's new prime minister has promised citizens growth and prosperity What 's less clear is how Narendra Modi will approach foreign policy Modi has wasted no time connecting with other foreign leaders In the past India 's foreign policy has been more about continuity than change
CNN  -- For most , Christmas is the time to celebrate with family and friends , but for some of the highest paid sportsmen in the world the festive season is their busiest time of the year with titles and their reputation on the line . English Premier League football players have particularly hectic schedules with three games in little more than a week over Christmas . Most clubs insist their squads train on Christmas Day itself ahead of the traditional Boxing Day  December 26  program , while just two days later the likes of Wayne Rooney and Diego Costa are back in action again ahead of a third match on New Year 's Day . Costa 's Chelsea and reigning title holders Manchester City are involved in a tense battle at the top of the EPL and a run of poor form in the holiday period can prove a decisive factor at the championship race . At the bottom of the table , it 's also a critical period and statistics point to the team bottom of the EPL at Christmas being relegated , although last season Sunderland escaped . While their EPL counterparts are straining every sinew , Bundesliga players have their feet up , taking a five-week mid-season break with Bayern Munich 11 points clear at the top and heading for yet another German title . Spain 's La Liga takes a fortnight break with Real Madrid in the middle of a 22-match unbeaten run which has seen Cristiano Ronaldo and his teammates clinch the Club World Cup and top the table ahead of arch-rival Barcelona . It 's the same story in the other major football leagues of Italy and France , leaving the EPL as the odd one out , but with little sign there is any appetite for a change to bring it into line with its European counterparts . Sports fans in the U.S. are also promised a glut of action , with the National Basketball Association  NBA  hosting a daily program with the exception of Christmas Eve . But five NBA games are scheduled for Christmas Day , with TV coverage stretching throughout the day for the armchair fan . Many will be tuning in to watch LeBron James on his return to the American Airlines Arena as his Cleveland Cavaliers plays Miami Heat . James , who became a free agent in the summer after helping Heat to win two NBA titles , opted to rejoin the Cavs -- which did not endear him to Miami fans . The National Football League  NFL  regular program also concludes , with playoff berths still up for grabs , on Sunday December 28 , with the countdown to the Super Bowl XLIX in Arizona on February 1 in full swing . New Year 's Eve and New Year 's Day also sees crucial Bowl games in the U.S. College Football season , drawing vast TV audiences . You have to go "  Down Under " to Australia for a pair of Boxing Day events which are forever etched into the sporting calendar . The cavernous Melbourne Cricket Ground  MCG  hosts a cricket Test match between Australia and India , particularly poignant in the light of the recent death of Phillip Hughes . Last year 's Boxing Day Test drew a world record crowd for a cricket match as Australia was on its way to humbling the old enemy in the shape of England . While the cricket gets underway , Sydney Harbor is a flurry of activity as the fleet in the punishing Rolex Sydney-Hobart yacht race begins its 628 nautical miles journey . Thousands of people and hundreds of small craft watch the competitors on the way in the "  Bluewater Classic " which first started in 1945 and was won last year by Wild Oats XI . For other sports stars Christmas remains a time to pause for thought ahead of 2015 , with the Australian Open tennis championship in Melbourne the first major global event of the year . Rafael Nadal is set to take part in the big exhibition event in Abu Dhabi which starts on New Year 's Day ahead of yet another comeback from injury , with the regular ATP and WTA seasons beginning in earnest in the first week of January .	Busy Christmas sporting program Vital matches in the English Premier League NBA and NFL action over the festive period Australia hosts several iconic events
CNN  -- British model and television personality Katie Price , also known as Jordan , and her singer husband , Peter Andre , are to separate , according to a statement released Monday . Peter Andre and Katie Price , who ran the London Marathon last month , are separating . The couple found romance on the reality show "  I 'm A Celebrity ... Get me Out of Here ! , " which was filmed in the Australian jungle . The statement said : "  Peter Andre and Katie Price are separating after four-and-a-half years of marriage , " the British Press Association reported . "  They have both requested that the media respect their families ' privacy at this difficult time . " Only last month the couple , whose reality TV show of their life features on British television , said they were trying for another child . They have two children together , son Junior , 3 , and 1-year-old daughter Princess Tiáamii . Price has a 6-year-old son Harvey , by footballer Dwight Yorke , who is disabled . Price first made her name as a tabloid newspaper topless model , but has since gone on to become a television star , author and clothes designer . She also competes in show jumping events and has her own stable of horses . Andre , who was born in London but raised in Australia , came to prominence in 1996 with his international hit "  Mysterious Girl . "	Katie Price and husband , Peter Andre , are to separate British glamour model and singer married in 2005 after meeting on TV show They have two children together -- Junior , 3 , and 1-year-old Princess Tiáamii
CNN  -- Manchester City 's English Premier League title came at a staggering cost , with the Abu Dhabi-owned team splashing huge amounts on transfer fees and wages for high-profiles stars like Yaya Toure , Sergio Aguero and David Silva . Whether City 's expensively assembled squad is worth the astronomical wage bill is debatable , but it would seem City 's fans are getting their money 's worth after the English champions topped a "  Value League " released this week . The league , compiled by the ING Direct bank , ranks England 's top-flight clubs based on how much fans pay for their season tickets compared to how the team performed during the 2011-12 season and how many goals they scored . And it is City who emerged on top , with the team 's home fans enjoying 18 wins , one draw and 55 goals in the club 's 19 Premier League games at the Etihad Stadium . Who are European football 's "  Most Valuable Players ? " Just like on the pitch , City beat off competition from neighbors Manchester United , who placed fourth . Second on the list were Wigan Athletic , who , despite flirting with relegation for the majority of the season , provided their fans with more entertainment than their more illustrious rivals . At the other end of the scale , Queens Park Rangers have been ranked as the worst value for money for their fans . Despite escaping relegation to earn a second successive season in the Premier League , QPR -- owned by Lotus F1 chief Tony Fernandes -- offered their fans the worst performances based on the cost of a season ticket at Loftus Road . Brand power : Football 's most valuable clubs unveiled Just above Rangers are Liverpool , who last week dispensed with the services of legendary manager Kenny Dalglish after fans endured the club 's worst Premier League campaign . Supporters gathered in the famous Kop stand at Liverpool 's Anfield stadium saw just six home wins for the Reds during 2011-12 , with the five-time European champions finding the net on only 24 occasions . A survey was also conducted to find out what percentage of season ticket-holders in England 's top division would be renewing for the 2012-13 campaign . Out of a sample of over 2,000 fans , 9 % said they would not be renewing their season tickets regardless of price , with 7 % set to renew if the price does not increase and 13 % yet to decide . ING Direct CEO Richard Doe is not surprised a section of fans are questioning the need to attend games given the current economic climate . "  Football fans face the same economic difficulties as everyone else and supporting their team can be a costly outgoing , " Doe said in a press release . "  So it 's not surprising that many fans are questioning the value for money they 're getting from their club . " Despite facing financial difficulties , Doe said many fans will ultimately renew their season tickets due to the emotional connection they feel to their team . "  Come the excitement that the start of the new season brings , it will also be interesting to see how many fans put the love of their club ahead of other financial priorities . " Of the 20 clubs in the Premier League , 12 have frozen or lowered season ticket prices ahead of the new season while five have announced price hikes . The Football Supporters ' Federation  FSF  is a voluntary organization representing fans across Britain . The FSF told CNN that , while ticket prices differ throughout the league , the issue of admission prices is still a pressing one for football fans . "  Prices vary from club to club so it 's unfair to put every one in the same category , " said an FSF spokesman . "  But it is fair to say ticket pricing is a major concern for fans . " The FSF went on to explain how ticket pricing and the possible introduction of safe standing areas into football grounds were two issues which fans would like to see addressed . Football stadia in England 's top division are required to be all-seater after the Hillsborough disaster in 1989 , when 96 fans lost their lives during an FA Cup semifinal between Liverpool and Nottingham Forest . "  Alongside fans telling the FSF that they 'd like to see the introduction of safe standing areas , and individual complaints relating to policing or stewarding ,  ticket pricing  is one of the most frequent topics the FSF receives calls and emails about , " the FSF said .	Manchester City fans received the best value for money during the 2011-12 season The English champions topped a table produced by the ING Direct bank The table took into account season ticket prices , matches won and goals scored Queens Park Rangers were adjudged to have provided the least value for money
Warsaw  CNN  -- Eleven people died and one , somehow , survived when a small aircraft belonging to a private parachute school crashed Saturday in Poland , state news reported . Firefighters learned about the crash near Czestochowa , a city some 140 kilometers  85 miles  north of Krakow , around 4:20 p.m. , Polish Press Agency  PAP  reported . Czestochowa fire Capt. Pawel Liszaj told PAP that arriving firefighters found three people outside the aircraft , one of whom was still alive . "  Unfortunately , everything indicates that he is the only person who survived the crash , " provincial police spokeswoman Joanna Lazar told CNN affiliate TVN . Authorities later discovered nine bodies inside the plane 's wreckage , according to Liszaj . The survivor -- who was one of the three initially spotted outside the aircraft -- was flown by helicopter to a Czestochowa hospital , Robert Galazkowski , the head of the Polish Medical Air Rescue , told PAP . The 40-year-old man was conscious from the time he was found , though he suffered many injuries , including to his pelvis , according to the report . He was in serious but stable condition Saturday evening , Galazkowski said . The cause of the crash was n't immediately known . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	A plane from a parachute school crashes near Czestochowa , state news reports Fire captain : Arriving firefighters found 3 people outside the plane -- one of them alive Nine more were found dead in the small aircraft 's wreckage , the fire captain adds The survivor , 40 , is in serious but stable condition
This week , Canada became the latest country to join the U.S.-led fight against ISIS when its lawmakers voted Tuesday to contribute aircraft and personnel in the battle , though Prime Minister Stephen Harper stressed Canada will not commit ground troops . ISIS has seized large swaths of land in its quest to create a caliphate -- an Islamic state -- that stretches from western Syria to eastern Iraq . Turkey joined the coalition late last week as the militants continued to fight Kurdish and Iraqi forces on the ground . In September , the United States promised broad cooperation in the effort against the terror group . So far , Great Britain , France , the United Arab Emirates , Qatar , Australia , Germany , the Netherlands and other nations are participating . Here 's a closer look at their roles . Regional allies Saudi Arabia : On September 17 , in a speech to service members at U.S. Central Command in Tampa , Florida , U.S. President Barack Obama said that Saudi Arabia had "  agreed to host our efforts to train and equip Syrian opposition forces " to fight ISIS . In late September , Saudi Arabia joined the coalition in airstrikes in Syria , attacks that hit ISIS vehicles and logistics bases , Centcom said . And last month , U.S. officials said that Saudi Arabia had offered to train on its soil moderate Syrian rebels who would fight ISIS . Saudi Arabia has also put $ 500 million into the coffers of the U.N. humanitarian aid agencies in Iraq , a senior State Department official said Sunday . United Arab Emirates : The UAE helped launch airstrikes in Syria . The country 's first female fighter pilot led one of the missions . Turkey : Though the NATO member initially offered only tacit support for the coalition , Turkey 's government recently authorized the use of military force against terrorist organizations , including ISIS , as the militant group 's fighters took towns just south of Turkey 's border . Foreign troops have also been allowed to launch attacks against ISIS from Turkey . U.S. officials said it had earlier taken steps to cut the flow of money to ISIS and denied entry to or deported several thousand foreign fighters heading to Syria to join the extremists . The nation 's role in the fight against ISIS has stirred controversy , particularly last week when U.S. Vice President Joe Biden apologized to Turkey and UAE leaders for comments in a speech at Harvard , when he said the Middle East allies had inadvertently strengthened ISIS by helping opposition groups fight Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . Jordan : The kingdom participated in airstrikes in Syria . In mid-September , former Jordanian Foreign Minister Marwan Muasher said on CNN that he doubted Jordan will commit ground troops in the fight against ISIS . "  The U.S. will have to take the lead in providing military strikes , " he said . One of Jordan 's key roles would be providing intelligence to the West , Muasher said . Speaking from Amman , he stressed that Jordan 's intelligence on ISIS is "  second to none . " Egypt : U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry has said Egypt has a critical role to play in countering ISIS ideology . There was a "  very detailed conversation with the Egyptians about military-to-military cooperation " in Iraq , State Department officials said in September . There appear to be no public details about the role Egypt has played , however . But signaling a major cultural push against ISIS , Egypt 's grand mufti condemned the terror group last month , saying that its actions are not in line with Islam , Al-Arabiya reported . Qatar : The small but very rich Gulf nation that hosts one of the largest American bases in the Middle East has flown a number of humanitarian flights , State Department officials said . And in late September , in his first-ever interview as the Emir of Qatar , Sheikh Tamim bin Hamad Al-Thani vowed to support the coalition . Qatar has been accused of funding terrorism , which the Emir dismissed . "  We do n't fund extremists , " he told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . "  If you talk about certain movements , especially in Syria and Iraq , we all consider them terrorist movement . " Of the coalition , he said , "  We 've been asked by our American friends if we can join , and we did . " Iraqi Kurdistan : The Kurdish fighting force , the Peshmerga , is battling ISIS on the ground in Syria and Iraq . Leaders of the semiautonomous region of Iraq are willing to send their Peshmerga forces to fight beyond their borders if there 's a comprehensive international strategy put in place , President Masoud Barzani told CNN 's Anna Coren . Three Americans are fighting alongside Kurdish forces against in northern Syria , a spokesman for the Kurdish group told CNN . Live CNN coverage has captured some of the bloodiest battles between the Kurds and ISIS . Bahrain : The oil-wealthy Gulf nation east of Saudi Arabia has participated in airstrikes against ISIS targets in Syria . Foreign Minister Khalid bin Ahmed al Khalifa , speaking on CNN in September , called ISIS a "  deviated cult " that must be fought . Bahrain has had close relations with the United States for years , and the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet in based in Bahrain . Western allies United Kingdom : Last week , the UK launched its first airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq , striking targets four days after its Parliament approved the country 's involvement . British planes helped Kurdish troops who were fighting ISIS in northwestern Iraq , dropping a bomb on an ISIS heavy weapon position and shooting a missile at an armed pickup truck , the UK 's Defence Ministry said . British planes had been involved in reconnaissance missions over Iraq . Prime Minister David Cameron has called ISIS "  a menace " and said the UK would help arm Kurdish forces , support the Iraqi government , keep supplying humanitarian help and coordinate with the United Nations to battle ISIS . "  This is not about British combat troops on the ground , " he said Sunday , "  it is about working with others to extinguish this terrorist threat . " Read more : Britain vows to ` confront ' ISIS Australia : Australian aircraft started flying over Iraq in support of allied operations , Prime Minister Tony Abbott told Parliament in Canberra on October 1 . The Australian mission consists of inflight refueling and electronic surveillance in support of the U.S. and other allies . The country also authorized the deployment of Australian special forces into Iraq to "  advise and assist " Iraqi forces , Abbott said , calling it a "  combat deployment " but an "  essentially humanitarian mission to protect the people of Iraq and ultimately the people of Australia from the murderous rage of the ISIL death cult . " ISIL is another acronym for ISIS . Australian authorities believe that there are at least 60 Australians fighting in the Middle East alongside terrorist groups , chiefly ISIS , and that at least 100 more support terrorist groups through funding and recruitment . Counterterrorism police have carried out raids in Australia in recent days . In mid-September , two men were charged in connection with a terror plot that Abbott said involved plans for a "  demonstration killing . " Australian media reported that the men planned to kidnap a member of the public , behead the victim and then drape him or her in an ISIS flag . France : French planes have taken part in airstrikes against ISIS in Iraq , and the nation has flown reconnaissance flights over Iraq , contributed ammunition and made humanitarian drops over the nation . France 's air force was also part of a recent operation in the Iraqi town of Amerli , along with Australia and Great Britain , that pushed back ISIS fighters . ISIS recently called for attacks against Western citizens , singling out "  the spiteful and filthy French " for punishment . A video emerged last month of militants who have pledged allegiance to ISIS beheading Herve Gourdel , a French citizen who was kidnapped in Algeria . Germany : Geared toward curbing ISIS propaganda and recruitment , Germany has banned activities that support ISIS , including making it illegal to fly the trademark black flag of the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria . Germany has also said it was sending military assistance to the Kurdish region to fight ISIS . Read more : How ISIS makes $ 1 million a day Obama said on September 17 that German paratroopers are offering training in the overall effort to fight ISIS . Canada : The lower house of Parliament voted Tuesday to contribute aircraft and personnel in the fight against ISIS . In September , a State Department official said that Canada has provided "  tangible equipment and ammunition " to the broader effort to fight ISIS . Read more : How ISIS lures Westerners The Netherlands : This week , the Dutch military said two F-16s dropped bombs on armed ISIS vehicles in northern Iraq that were shooting at Kurdish fighters . The ISIS vehicles were destroyed , the military said in a statement , and ISIS fighters were "  possibly killed . " In late September , the Dutch government said it would contribute six F-16 fighter jets as well 250 troops to join in anti-ISIS airstrikes and provide training to Iraqi as well as Kurdish troops . The F-16s would be based outside Iraq , it said then , and used against ISIS in Iraq during a phase that could last from six to 12 months , the nation 's Defense Ministry said . Other nations : State Department officials have also listed Italy , Poland , Denmark , Albania and Croatia as having provided equipment and ammunition in the fight against ISIS . New Zealand , Romania and South Korea were also named for providing humanitarian assistance , with officials noting that South Korea has given some $ 1.2 million .	Canada voted to contribute aircraft and personnel in battle against ISIS Saudi Arabia , the UAE and Jordan have participated in airstrikes ; Netherlands hit ISIS in Iraq Turkey recently authorized use of military force against ISIS as ISIS took nearby towns Kurdish Peshmerga forces are fighting on the ground against ISIS
CNN  -- I do n't know what 's more offensive : rancher Cliven Bundy telling blacks they 'd be better off as slaves picking cotton or conservatives who continue to defend him . Not only were his comments racist , but under no stretch of the imagination could anyone argue blacks were better off during slavery with no rights , working for free and being held the property of white people . I tweeted my outrage at Bundy 's remarks , who by the way is a Republican , and to my surprise many of my followers excused his behavior , tweeting things like : "  I do n't think he 's a racist . Just old school . " More like Cliven Bundy is "  an old school racist " is what I responded . Others tweeted things like I "  needed to go back and watch the clip with an open mind . " Or that "  the Cliven issue is about Federal overreach please do n't follow libs and make it about race . " I 've watched the clip many times with a very open mind and each time I come to the same conclusion : Bundy is a racist . If slavery was such a great institution and better than being on welfare , as Bundy declared , why does n't Bundy go back in time , become a slave and pick cotton for plantation owners without getting paid ? He needs a history lesson about the horrors of slavery and why "  we blacks " no longer call ourselves Negros . I 'm glad to see many conservatives swiftly condemned Bundy 's comments . But the real insult to injury for me as a black conservative woman is they never should have embraced him in the first place . Conservatives are supposed to be the party that believes in adhering to the Constitution and the laws of our land . We talk about this to the point of obsession , myself included , with regard to issues like immigration , affirmative action , Obamacare , etc. . Yet conservatives of all kinds could n't wait to support Nevada rancher Cliven Bundy , who for over 20 years has refused to follow the laws of our land and Constitution by not paying over $ 1 million in grazing fees to the Bureau of Land Management . CNN 's Chris Cuomo pointed this out to Bundy in his interview Friday , reminding him that he might want to read the Constitution he carries in his pocket . The federal government owns 85 % of Nevada 's land . In other western states the federal government also owns large swaths of land . Is it government overreach ? Sure . But the way to tackle that government overreach is -- as members of Congress , conservative media personalities and others know very well -- to introduce legislation to fix it . One does n't just wake up one morning like Cliven Bundy did and decided he 's not going to follow the laws of our land . There are lots of laws I do n't like -- most notably paying taxes -- but I follow them because I do n't want to go to jail . As BLM rangers tried to confiscate Bundy 's 500 cattle for his disobeying the law , Bundy joined about 50 other supporters , many of whom were armed with guns and refused to yield . And conservatives like Sean Hannity and Sen. Rand Paul cheered him on in his defiance . Then Bundy reveals himself as a racist . The entire Bundy affair just makes the Republican Party look bad . Are all Republicans racist ? Absolutely not . But many overwhelming came out in support of this lunatic . I think it 's an awful day for conservatives . I think we need serious reflection because we 're not going to win 2016 with this attitude , keep doing things the same old way . We have old white men saying offensive things to women and minorities , and I 'm tired of it . At a time when the GOP needs to bring more minorities into our tent -- along with women for that matter -- embracing fools like Bundy does n't help and certainly will put us farther down the path of losing in 2016 . I 've said it over the past five years , but it continues to fall on deaf ears : The Republican Party at all levels from political organizations to offices of members of Congress needs to do a better job hiring blacks . Not to do "  black or minority outreach " but to do the same jobs your white staffers are doing . Maybe if the GOP would stop treating blacks as "  others " and really give us a seat at the table , it would stop acting like the stupid party and start winning presidential elections again . But , sadly , I wo n't hold my breath . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Conservative writer Crystal Wright is outraged by her party 's embrace of racist rancher Bundy Her followers on Twitter have tried to make excuses for Bundy 's comments Some conservatives initially applauded Bundy 's stand against the federal government Wright : "  The real insult is Bundy never should have been embraced in the first place "
CNN  -- Hanny van Arkel was poring over photos of galaxies on the Internet in August 2007 when she stumbled across a strange object in the night sky : a bright , gaseous mass with a gaping hole in its middle . Hanny van Arkel made her discovery by poring over images of galaxies on an astronomy Web site . "  It looked a bit like an irregular galaxy , but I was n't sure what it was , " Van Arkel said . So she posted a query on the Web site of the Galaxy Zoo project , which encourages members of the public to join in astronomy research online . Van Arkel is a 25-year-old schoolteacher in Heerlen , The Netherlands , not an astrophysicist . But her startling find -- a mysterious and unique object some observers are calling a "  cosmic ghost " -- has captivated astronomers and even caught the attention of the people who run the Hubble Space Telescope , who have agreed to take a closer look next year . "  This discovery really shows how citizen science has come of age in the Internet world , " said Bill Keel , professor of physics and astronomy at the University of Alabama and a Galaxy Zoo team member . "  There was a time when I spoke pejoratively of armchair astronomers . And I 've gotten up at a star party and publicly apologized for that . " Not so long ago , the term "  amateur astronomer " conjured images of stargazers peering through backyard telescopes . But today 's are as likely to be analyzing reams of sophisticated data collected by observatories and posted on space-related Web sites . Armchair observers like van Arkel increasingly are making significant contributions to science , said Steve Maran , spokesman for the American Astronomical Society , a group of 6,500 professionals . Amateurs have been invited to present papers at recent AAS conferences , "  which would n't have happened years ago , " he said . A successful example of amateur-professional collaboration , the Galaxy Zoo project was launched last year by Yale University astrophysicist Kevin Schawinski and Chris Lintott at the University of Oxford in England . The pair were looking for help in cataloging archived photographs of galaxies -- one million images -- taken by the robotic Sloan Digital Sky Survey telescope in remote southern New Mexico . Knowing that the human eye is sometimes more sensitive than a computer at picking out unusual patterns -- and that they did n't have time to do all the work themselves -- Schawinski and Lintott posted the images on the Galaxy Zoo Web site last summer . The professors then invited amateur astronomers , with the help of a brief online tutorial , to classify the galaxies as spiral , elliptical or something else . Online galaxy-sorting might not sound as fun as , say , surfing YouTube , but it was an immediate hit . "  We were overwhelmed by the response . It completely melted the server , " Schawinski said . "  People tell us it 's addictive . Some of -LSB- the volunteers -RSB- are professional astronomers , but most of them are not . They 're just regular people who got excited about the project . " During the past year , more than 150,000 armchair astronomers from all over the world volunteered their time , submitting more than 50 million classifications . The public 's collective wisdom -- the same principle that guides jury trials or Wikipedia -- proved remarkably astute , Schawinski said . For example , if 33 of 36 volunteers thought a galaxy appeared elliptical , then astronomers could be confident the classification was correct , he said . Van Arkel had been classifying photos on Galaxy Zoo for about a week when she came across the image that quickly became known as "  Hanny 's Voorwerp , " Dutch for "  object . " The primary school teacher does not own a telescope -- "  my -LSB- astronomy -RSB- background does n't really go further than looking at the stars when walking outside in the evening , " she said -- but when she posted her finding August 13 on the Galaxy Zoo forum , the astronomers who run the site began to investigate . They soon realized van Arkel might have found a new class of astronomical object . The Galaxy Zoo team asked scientists working at telescopes around the world to take a look at the mysterious Voorwerp . Their best guess : The Voorwerp is probably a cloud of hot gas punctured by a central hole 16,000 light years across and illuminated by the "  dying embers " of a nearby quasar , Schawinski said . Quasars are distant , highly luminous astronomical objects powered by black holes ; scientists suspect that light from the quasar still illuminates the Voorwerp even though the quasar itself burned out in the past 100,000 years . "  It 's this light echo that has been frozen in time for us to observe , " said Lintott , the Oxford scientist . "  It 's rather like examining the scene of a crime where , although we ca n't see them , we know the culprit must be lurking somewhere nearby in the shadows . " Galaxy Zoo leaders are eagerly awaiting images from NASA 's orbiting Hubble , which is scheduled to train its powerful instruments on the Voorwerp in 2009 . In the meantime , van Arkel is enjoying the fuss over her contribution to astronomy . "  It 's amazing to think that ... amateur volunteers can help by spotting things like this online , " she said . "  What excites me the most is that all of this leads to more interest in science . "	Using the Web , a Dutch schoolteacher has discovered a strange astronomical object The find illustrates how more amateur astronomers are contributing to science The Galaxy Zoo project encourages the public to join in astronomy research online Hubble Space Telescope has agreed to take a closer look at the object next year
RealSimple.com  -- Why shoes are called "  pumps " and other strange-but-true stories behind the clothes and accessories you know and love . So , how did the trend for pointed-toe shoes start ? Manolo who ? Long before they ever made an appearance on the TV show "  Sex and the City , " pointed shoes were favored by Polish nobles , who introduced the fashion to England on a diplomatic visit in the 1300s . The shoes , dubbed "  crackowes " or "  poulaines " -- after Kraków , Poland -- were so long that a chain running from the toe to the knee was often required to keep them from dragging . In 1363 the English attempted to rein in the look by law , assigning shoe spans to social classes . Commoners could sport footwear with toes of up to six inches , while those in the royal ranks were allowed a full two feet in length . Who invented the sports bra ? In 1977 University of Vermont student Lisa Lindahl was running 30 miles a week -- and her bra was n't holding up . With the help of two classmates , Lindahl sewed together two jock straps and -- presto ! -- the sports bra was born . The coeds founded the company Jogbra a year later , garnering eternal gratitude from exercise-loving women everywhere . Almost 40,000 sports bras are now sold annually . Real Simple : Best bras for every figure Is there a real Mary Jane behind Mary Jane shoes ? Not quite : The most widely held theory is that the single-strapped footwear was named for a character in "  Buster Brown , " a children 's comic strip that was popular in the early 1900s . Mary Jane was either Buster Brown 's sweetheart or sister , depending on which source you consult . What 's the connection between Shakespeare and raincoats ? Gabardine , a water-repellent fabric invented by Burberry , got its first mention from Shakespeare . The Bard used the word in The Merchant of Venice to refer to a coarse cloak worn as protection from storms . During World War I , British officers on the front lines kept warm and dry in a uniform coat made of the material -- the original Burberry trench . Who was the first person known to have pierced ears ? No one knows who originated the style , but there 's evidence that as early as 2500 B.C. Sumerian women wore pierced earrings -- gold half-moon hoops . And guys tired of defending their diamond studs can rest easy : Men have been wearing earrings since ancient Egypt , where the jewelry was introduced in 1500 B.C. Real Simple : Best way to clean jewelry What was the inspiration for Lilly Pulitzer 's colorful printed dresses ? Bored Palm Beach socialite Lilly Pulitzer opened a juice stand in 1959 to pass the time , but she found one drawback : The citrus concoctions discolored her clothes . She instructed her dressmaker to create a uniform that would camouflage the bright stains , and the "  Lilly " design -- sleeveless cotton shifts in vibrant prints -- was born . The style was an instant hit with customers , who soon began placing more orders for dresses than juice . How did pumps , stilettos , and sneakers get their names ? The term pump first popped up in 1550 in England , where male servants sported the style . It is said that the noise they made while wearing the loose-fitting shoes resembled the sound of a water pump . The word sneaker entered the language in the 1870s ; the rubber soles made the shoes quiet and therefore "  sneaky . " The modern usage of stiletto , a Renaissance-era Italian word for an assassin 's narrow-bladed knife , made its debut in 1953 . The word turned out to be especially appropriate , because the shoes ' pointy heels were murder on wooden floors . When did folks start toting around umbrellas ? For thousands of years , in such places as Egypt , China , Japan , Mesopotamia , and India , umbrellas were used exclusively to shade the heads of dignitaries from the broiling sun .  When it rained , the well-to-do stayed dry in covered carriages and sedan chairs . Umbrellas were n't employed in inclement weather until the late 17th and early 18th centuries . And another hundred years passed before advances in manufacturing made them lightweight , portable , and available to average Joes . Have bikinis always been so popular ? Hardly ! Named for the nuclear-testing site Bikini Atoll , the suits first appeared in 1946 , but American women thought them immodest . Not until the 1960s were they accepted , possibly helped by the hit song "  Itsy Bitsy Teenie Weenie Yellow Polka Dot Bikini . " Were French cuffs really created for the battlefield ? It is said that the cuffs were designed to be used as handkerchiefs in combat . But , in fact , French royalty invented the style in the 1500s , when flowing sleeves were the rage ; nobles would tie their sleeves back with fasteners . Amusingly , the competitive English tried to take credit for the fashion , which to this day they refer to only as "  double cuffs . " Have women always carried purses ? Once upon a time , ladies stored their essentials in a little waist sack tied under their clothing  sort of an early ancestor of the fanny pack  and accessible through slits in their skirts . Around 1800 , thinner , silkier fabrics and slimmer cuts came into vogue , and women could no longer hide the bulging sacks around their midsections . The solution ? They began carrying their belongings in small pocketbooks instead . Why is underwear nicknamed "  drawers " ? In the 16th century , drawers became a common term for both men 's and women 's underpants . Made of linen , the items were no-frills and looked more or less interchangeable  this being well before Victoria ever had a secret ; decorative lace trim started appearing on the garments only in the middle of the 19th century  . Most likely , underwear earned this distinctly unsexy epithet because it describes the way that people put on their unmentionables -- drawing them up and over the lower part of the body . Real Simple : Get your lingerie in order E-mail to a friend Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2009 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Polish diplomats brought pointed shoes to Britain in 1300s A female runner sewed two jock straps together for first sports bra Men wore earrings in Egypt in 1500s
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Nadya Suleman says she is so determined to build a future for her 14 young children that she is now willing to act in a porn film , although she would not touch another "  human 's flesh . " "  I would n't even kiss somebody for money , " Suleman told HLN "  Showbiz Tonight " correspondent Nischelle Turner . "  I would not kiss somebody . I would n't touch somebody . " Suleman invited Turner and a camera crew into her home on Friday to see firsthand how she 's dealing with financial and parenting pressures . On Monday , Suleman filed for federal bankruptcy protection . "  I have had to make some very difficult decisions the year , and filing Chapter 7 was one of them , " Suleman said in a written statement Monday . "  But I have to do what is best for my children and I need a fresh start . " Friday 's interview was punctuated by frequent interruptions for potty training , discipline and cooking as Suleman , 36 , single-handedly cared for her large brood . "  It 's nonstop , " she said . "  Everyone go pee-pee , " she told her children . "  Stand in line to go pee . " The Orange County , California , home she bought after she gave birth to octuplets three years ago is in foreclosure , but she says she has no fears of becoming homeless . "  God forbid that we lose the house , I have a very good friend and her husband -- huge house , and they 're offering , " she said . But her goal is to raise enough cash to buy a new home outright , with no mortgage , she said . Suleman said no two years ago when an adult film company offered to pay off her mortgage if she would sign a movie contract , but she 's open to another offer now , she said . "  If it 's a job , and it 's a well-paying job , and it 's going to allow me to get us out of here and into a very safe huge home that they deserve , then I 'm going to do it , " she said . But she would allow no kissing and no touching . Although she said previously that she would never pose nude for money , she recently earned $ 8,000 for posing topless for a British magazine . "  You know , if the opportunity comes up , I 'll be the first to admit I 'm gon na eat my words , because all that matters is that I can take care of my family , " she said . She pushed back at the negative media reports questioning how she 's raising her children . "  Look at what 's happened , " she said . "  They 're over 3 , not one broken bone , not one injury , not one child with a disability . " Social workers visited her home recently to check on reports that it was filthy and unfit . But they found nothing wrong , she said . Graffiti on the walls , put there by her oldest son as a way of venting his frustration , and holes punched by a son who is autistic , do not mean its not a safe , happy home , she said . "  I 'm so done , " she said . "  You people , you keep your business to yourself , and I 'll keep my business to myself . My kids are healthy , they 're happy , they 've got food . " The octuplets -- six boys and two girls -- are actually easier to care for than the six older children , she said . "  They 're so , so good because I started from day one implementing structure and discipline , " she said . Her main disciplinary tool is a "  time out rug , " she said . "  It 's a very important spot because most of them do n't really need it anymore , " she said . "  But at this point , all I have to do is just point to it . " Her children eat up to 10 meals a day , she said . "  They eat all the time , every hour , two hours , they get a meal , and we 're talking meals that are vegetables , fruit , oatmeal , " she said . She gets $ 2,000 a month in Food Stamp assistance to help feed them . Applying for the state aid was a low point for her , she said . "  I cried making that call , and you know what ? I 'd do it again , " she said . "  But my goal , my goal is to get off this immediately . " Suleman dreams of building a business "  empire " that will pay for food , shelter and college educations for her 14 children . She ultimately hopes to become a role model for other women facing major struggles , she said . "  In the future , and I 've got to win the battle , " she said . "  But right now , people do n't understand that . " "  Showbiz Tonight 's " Nischelle Turner and Matthew Carey contributed to this report .	NEW : Nadya Suleman files for bankruptcy Monday "  I would n't even kiss somebody for money , " she tells "  Showbiz Tonight " Despite house foreclosure , Suleman says she and her 14 children wo n't be homeless She gave birth to octuplets three years ago
Sydney  CNN  -- Australia has a female prime minister . Her name is Julia Eileen Gillard . Australia also has a shock jock commercial radio broadcaster and his name is Alan Belford Jones . His dislike of the prime minister is as legendary as his typically adoring , right-wing retiree listeners are loyal . The two have been involved in an almighty collision that is proving commercially and politically disastrous for Jones and a likely polling gift for Gillard . Jones is a former coach of the Australian National Rugby Union team who sought Liberal Party pre-selection in the late 1970s . He is also a determined climate change denier who 13 years ago was investigated over allegations of accepting commercial support from companies in exchange for favorable comment . Despite this , the take-no-prisoner broadcaster remains one of Australia 's most popular and highly paid radio announcers . Since she snatched the premiership from Kevin Rudd in 2010 , Gillard claims she has been the target of persistent misogynist invective and otherwise abusive treatment that some commentators agree would not have been directed at a male incumbent . If not her hair , then her distinctive drawl , physical attributes , and dress style have attracted negative comment in mainstream press and on social media , along with her de facto relationship with Tim Mathieson , a former hairdresser who is now in real estate . However , in the past week , the disrespect flew off the Richter scale and the culprit was Jones . Having ruled the airwaves for more than two decades with a very large , if aging audience , Jones has enraged and offended much of Australia . He took aim at the most tender and raw of emotions : the prime minister 's palpable grief at the recent death of her beloved father , John Gillard , after a long illness . "  The old man died a few weeks ago of shame , " Jones told a gathering of the Sydney University Young Liberals a week ago . "  To think that he had a daughter who told lies every time she stood for Parliament , " he is heard saying on a recording of the event taken by a journalist from Rupert Murdoch 's News Limited paper The Sunday Telegraph . The "  lie " Jones referred to was Prime Minister Gillard 's promise before the 2010 election that no government she led would introduce a carbon tax . However , Gillard abandoned her stance when the election produced a hung parliament . Jones has led several anti-carbon tax rallies and he has said that the prime minister should be better known as Ju-LIAR . He has suggested the guillotine be brought back to deal with her and that she be thrown to the sea in a chaff bag . Later he claimed that Gillard , along with a handful of other female political leaders , was "  destroying the joint . " Jones claims his attacks on Gillard are squarely aimed at her policies , but some commentators , and Gillard herself , suspect that his barbs have more to do with her gender . His claim that Gillard 's father died of shame was the last straw for campaigners on social media , many companies that advertise on Jones ' show and some regional radio stations that buy his daily show . A significant number of major companies , amongst them Mercedes Benz and supermarket giant Woolworths , have pulled valuable advertising from his show . On its Twitter profile , in response to a social media campaign , home wares store Freedom noted : "  You spoke , we listened . We do not support the comments made by Alan Jones . We have pulled our advertising off the air . " Those which have not yet withdrawn their advertising dollars from the network are under intense pressure to follow suit . Jones for his part has been less than contrite . In a rambling 45-minute media conference the day after the content of his speech was made public , he insisted he was merely "  repeating " a comment he had heard at a social function . He said he had phoned Gillard to apologize , but she had refused to take his call . The prime minister said Wednesday that she would n't be speaking to Jones , nor would she appear on his show . Two days after apologizing , Jones was back on air and his followers were backing him all the way . Even those who thought his comment offensive and distasteful threw their weight behind Jones : "  I believe you were wrong in what you said , but I am so proud to have a man stand up and apologize , " one listener told him . Condemnation from the prime minister 's Labor Party was swift . The leader of the opposition Liberal-National Party Coalition , Tony Abbott , a staunch friend of Jones , issued a brief statement , saying "  Alan 's remarks regarding the PM were completely out of line . " "  It 's good that he 's recognized this and apologized for them , " he added . Abbott now faces intense political pressure to go further and prevent Jones from attending any Liberal Party functions . It has been a difficult few weeks for the Coalition leader who , just a few weeks ago , was riding high in the polls . He has battled a perception that he has difficulty relating to women . He stands accused of being a misogynist himself over an alleged incident 30 years ago in which he 's alleged to have punched the wall behind a female candidate after she won a student council election . Abbott denies the incident ever happened . What impact the Jones affair will have on his polling is yet to be seen . While many commentators believe the Gillard 's decision not to speak with Jones , on or off air , could result in a lift in the polls , others think if her cabinet supporters protest too loudly , the gains will be lost . A reader poll in one newspaper showed an overwhelming desire for Jones ' employer , the Macquarie Media Network , to sack him . And , at the time of writing , more than 100,000 people had signed an online petition calling for his dismissal . Commentators say that it 's unlikely he 'll go . Jones is the company 's fourth largest shareholder and as stockbroker Roger Coleman told the Crikey website : "  His key listeners are over 55 , they are right wing . They agree with him that Julia Gillard is a bitch and witch . There is no mismatch between him and his listeners . " Although the advertisers will likely return to the country 's highest rating broadcaster , they might at the very least have cause to question Jones ' dictum that it is women who are "  destroying the joint . " Gillard may prove the polls wrong too and end up running the joint for another three years after the 2013 election .	Popular Australian shock jock Alan Jones in clash with Prime Minister Just days after Gillard 's father 's death , Jones said he had "  died of shame " Advertisers pulling funding from Jones ' radio show , online campaign calls for his sacking Commentators say outrage may give Gillard an unexpected boost in the polls
CNN  -- Two bananas thrown on a football pitch , separated by 26 years . One thrown at John Barnes in 1988 in an English soccer match and another at Dani Alves in 2014 during a Spanish league game . Throwing fruit to racially taunt players in their place of work . Barnes kicked it away during the Merseyside derby between Liverpool and Everton , Barcelona star Alves picked it up and ate it in Sunday 's match against Villarreal . Does it show how ineffective sport 's ongoing fight against racism has been , or as one leading ex-player argues , does the Brazilian 's quick thinking demonstrates just how far football has come in 26 years . "  In the 1980s , players were n't taking a stance , " former Tottenham Hotspur player and current trustee of anti-racism campaign group Kick It Out , Garth Crooks , told CNN . "  They 're doing it now . "  Barnes kicks it out of the way , Alves picks it up and eats it . In a show of defiance , it 's his way of saying how stupid this is . This is a banana . That is all it signifies . You eat these things . "  There 's a real message in there to the idiots , if they can see it . To the intelligent and educated , they will think we should n't have to endure that type of behavior in our football club . There 's no place for it here . " Barcelona full-back Alves , who posted a clip of the incident on Instagram , is not the first player to ignore the taunts Kevin-Prince Boateng walked off the pitch in 2013 after being abused by opposition fans during an AC Milan game in Italy , while other leading players like Manchester City 's Yaya Toure , Samuel Eto'o of Chelsea and AC Milan 's Mario Balotelli have all taken their own stances against racist abuse . Social media reaction But it was Alves ' response that struck a chord on social media , with the Brazilian 's Barca teammate Neymar 's vociferous in support of his club and international colleague . "  They 're all prepared to say , stop you better do something about this or I walk , " added Crooks . "  It 's challenging football to do something about a problem that it has found difficult to do something about in the past . "  It will focus the supporters ' minds -LSB- by players making a stance -RSB- and make them ask questions of themselves . " These days anti-racism campaign groups -- such as Kick It Out and Show Racism the Red Card -- are around to pressurize the football authorities when players like Alves are abused . And such has been the progress in the fight against racist abuse that , according to one of the legends of the game , what happened to Alves at the El Madrigal Stadium remains an isolated incident . "  I think if you mention that , it is ridiculous , as you have one case , and all over the world they play soccer , and you have one case , " Brazil legend Pele told CNN . "  This is nothing . You have a lot of other problems , a lot of criminals . But in football , you have one crazy guy who says bad things . " Some might express surprise at Pele 's comments -- given that both Liverpool 's Suarez and Chelsea 's John Terry have been found guilty by England 's Football Association of racially abusing an opponent in recent high profile cases in England . "  I think Pele is right to say it is an isolated incident , but I think he is wrong to make that isolated incident any less important than it is , " countered Crooks . "  It 's embarrassed not just an international player , but a top Spanish club -LSB- Villarreal -RSB- and the entire Spanish Football Federation . "  It 's all around the world , we 're all taking about it . Top players are eating bananas and taking the mickey out of , not just the incident , but of Villarreal and the Spanish federation -LSB- Neymar 's campaign -RSB- . They 're mocking them , it 's embarrassing . " Although Villarreal moved swiftly to hand a life ban to the fan responsible for throwing the banana at Alves , the Royal Spanish Football Federation has yet to make a decision on the case . The NBA this week , in contrast , gave Los Angeles Clippers owner Donald Sterling a life ban over racist remarks he made just days earlier . In the past neither world governing body FIFA or Europe 's regulator UEFA have shown a willingness to act so decisively in dealing with racist abuse . Given this is not the first time that Alves has been racially abused , the Brazilian argued Sunday 's incident shone an unflattering spotlight on Spanish society . "  There is racism against foreigners . They sell the country as being first world but in certain things they are very backward , " Alves told Brazil 's Radio Globo . "  If I could , I would put a photo of the fan on the internet so that he would be shamed . " Alves ' suggestion that Spain is "  backward " touches on the nub of the problem , according to Crooks . "  Football clubs are being left with the responsibility of educating their fans , and quite frankly that should have started years ago at school and in people 's forms of employment , " he said . "  How dare football fans , however isolated , come to someone 's place of employment , whether it be entertainment or otherwise , and want to abuse other people 's heroes . " To Pele , though , such abuse is only to be expected , given that some people in this world are always going to be less educated than others . "  I think it should be like that , as of course you have different people all over the world , " he said . "  You must respect the people that do n't have the intelligence , or the people who want to make confusion , or people who want to create problems . That , I think , is normal . " Not , however , in Crooks ' eyes . "  Pele accepted the situation -LSB- of racial abuse -RSB- as a player , as I did . He did n't have to play , he chose to play . He accepted the terms and conditions of his employment , " he said . "  But there are players today who are not , and I think it 's really important that we all understand that . " Storify : Stars show solidarity with Alves	Dani Alves targeted with banana 26 years after fruit hurled at John Barnes Ex-player Garth Crooks says progress has been made as players are now taking a stance Pele believes that the Alves incident is an isolated one
CNN  -- Football 's lawmakers have taken the historic step of unanimously approving goal-line technology systems for use in the sport . World soccer 's global governing body FIFA and the International Football Association Board  IFAB  made the announcement following a meeting in Zurich on Thursday . FIFA intend for goal-line technology to be used at December 's Club World Cup in Japan , and if successful it will also be implemented at the 2013 African Cup of Nations and the 2014 World Cup in Brazil . Two systems , designed by technology companies GoalRef and Hawk-Eye , have been approved after going through two phases of FIFA testing . UEFA chief opposed to goal-line technology FIFA president Sepp Blatter had previously opposed the move but said the turning point had been an incident at the 2010 World Cup involving a second round clash between England and Germany . Blatter was present when midfielder Frank Lampard 's shot bounced well over the goal-line but was not awarded by the officials in a match England went on to lose 4-1 . "  It is a real approach of modern times in football , " he told reporters . "  It is so important because the objective in football is to score goals . It 's a help for the referee . "  I 'm happy , I 'm pleased we are able to go forward . When it comes to high level competition and you have the technology and you do n't use it something is wrong . "  I have changed my attitude towards technology because of Lampard 's kick in South Africa . That was the moment for me to say ` You are the president of FIFA and you can not afford that in the next World Cup something similar will happen . ' " The English Premier League welcomed the news , expressing its intention to bring in goal-line technology in the near future . "  The Premier League has been a long-term advocate of goal line technology , " read a statement on the organization 's website . "  We will engage in discussions with both Hawk-Eye and GoalRef in the near future with a view to introducing goal-line technology as soon as is practically possible . " The IFAB is comprised of FIFA and the four UK-based football associations of England , Scotland , Wales and Northern Ireland . It is a body which decides on any proposed changes to the rules of soccer . Blog : Will FIFA regret opening technology can of worms ? The announcement follows Blatter 's recent calls for goal-line technology to be introduced in reaction to an incident that occurred during Euro 2012 in Poland and Ukraine . Co-hosts Ukraine saw a goal not given during a must-win group-stage match with England , when John Terry cleared Artim Milevskiy 's shot after it looked to have crossed the line . Following the game on June 19 , Blatter used his official Twitter account to declare : "  After last night 's match #GLT is no longer an alternative but a necessity . " But his stance on the issue is at odds with Michel Platini , the president of European football 's governing body UEFA . The UEFA chief told CNN in May : "  I 'm against the technology . If you say OK to goal-line technology , then it is offside technology , then penalty area technology , and we stop the football . "  I want human people -- it 's easy . I understand the fans because they want justice but with an additional referee we have the same justice . " In addition to Milevskiy 's "  goal " at Euro 2012 , England have been involved in one other high-profile goal-line controversies . In the 1966 World Cup final , England were awarded a goal against West Germany when Geoff Hurst 's shot in extra-time rebounded off the underside of the crossbar . England went on to win the match 4-2 at Wembley . At the same meeting , FIFA also confirmed it would permit the wearing of headscarves during a trial period . As there was no medical risk to wearing headscarves when playing a game of football , it has decided to relent on a ban introduced in 2007 . Soccer 's governing body had prevented teams wearing the traditional headscarves -- which protect the modesty of Islamic girls and women -- for safety reasons and to prevent political or religious statements .	Goal-line technology approved for use in football on Thursday Global governing body FIFA and IFAB unanimously agree on decision FIFA intends for goal-line technology to be used at December 's Club World Cup Two systems , Hawk-Eye and GoalRef , approved by soccer 's lawmakers
CNN  -- High level workers are looking for an alternative to the 9 to 5 . Armed with years of experience , a growing number of professionals are looking to fashion project-based careers where the monotony of office life is exchanged for a varied and tailored work schedule . Business Talent Group , the brainchild of Jody Miller , works with nearly 300 companies to provide projects for its highly experienced pool of workers . Roping in opportunities from sectors such as Healthcare , Media and Manufacturing , the ` full-time ' employee may be a role of the past . CNN : What is the landscape like for employee recruitment ? Jody Miller : Typically , companies that have to get work done have two ways they look at it : one is that they usually hire full-time employees or they can go out to firms , consulting firms , outsourcing firms and have them do work . In fact , there 's a growing population of people who prefer to work independently and create a project-based career , and those people are fantastic . Companies are now understanding that they can harness this group of talent to create exactly the team that they need to get their work done , and then disband that team and put another team in place . CNN : Has there been a shift in how people view their work life ? JM : I think you 're seeing two different things happening . On the talent side , we 're seeing three demographic trends : we 're seeing baby boomers retiring , we 're seeing women increasingly joining the workforce , and we 're seeing Millennials who want a different relationship between work and life . These three demographic trends are driving more and more people into the independent talent market . CNN : What kind of people are in the talent pool ? JM : The talent pool has about 3,500 professionals , and those people are coming to Business Talent Group for one reason - they want great projects . They want to be able to say "  I want to do this but do n't want to do this " . These people are very senior people , these are people who have MBAs and have experience at the best firms in the world - people who really value great work . So it 's not just about finding a senior executive and putting them in a permanent job and it 's not just about going into an expensive outside firm . This is a new resource . CNN : How is the Business Talent Group different from other talent pools ? JM : The thing that 's revolutionary about what we 're trying to do is that we 're introducing a model that has worked in other segments into the very highest echelons of corporate America . So we 're taking very top consultants and very top executives and enabling them to work in a different way . So it 's all in their control . I want companies to feel like there 's a reliable source for this kind of talent so they can bake this into their planning . Our best clients actually budget independent talent into their next year 's planning because they know now that there are great people in this pool that they can rely on . Watch : Groceries delivered straight to your car	A growing number of experienced professionals are looking for an alternative to the 9-5 work schedule Business Talent Group , founded by Jody Miller , seeks to help workers who are after a project-based career Sourcing projects in industries such as Healthcare , Media and Manufacturing , Business Talent Group look to revolutionize working life
CNN  -- Jimmy Ruffin , silky-voiced singer of the Motown classic "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " died Monday in Las Vegas . He was 78 . The Mississippi-born Ruffin had a performing career that spanned 50 years , from the '60s heyday of Motown Records to the digital music era . He was an older brother of David Ruffin , a lead singer of the Temptations , who died in 1991 . His death was confirmed by his children , Philicia Ruffin and Jimmy Lee Ruffin Jr. , in a statement Wednesday . The family did not offer a cause of death . "  Jimmy Ruffin was a phenomenal singer , " said Motown founder Berry Gordy in a statement issued by the Universal Music Group , which now owns the famous Detroit-born label . Gordy described "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted " as "  one of the greatest songs put out by Motown and also one of my personal favorites . " Share your tributes to Jimmy Ruffin "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted , " about a lonely guy reeling from a lost love , was intended for the Spinners until Ruffin talked its writers into letting him record it on his own . Its tone of mournful yearning struck a chord , and the song became a top 10 hit in the United States and in the United Kingdom in 1966 . It begins : "  As I walk this land of broken dreams , I have visions of many things/But happiness is just an illusion/Filled with sadness and confusion/What becomes of the brokenhearted/Who have love that 's now departed/I know I 've got to find/Some kind of peace of mind/Maybe . " Ruffin had a handful of lesser hits in the late '60s , including "  I 've Passed This Way Before " and "  Gon na Give Her All the Love I 've Got . " He later left the Motown label , had several hits in England , and scored a comeback in 1980 with the disco-inflected "  Hold on to My Love , " produced by Robin Gibb of the Bee Gees . "  He  Ruffin  was a wonderful human being , quiet and unassuming , who touched many lives with his music , not just here in the States , but overseas , as well , " Gordy added . "  Jimmy Ruffin will always be a part of the Motown legacy , and I extend my sincere condolences to his family , friends and fans . " Ruffin 's family described themselves as "  extremely upset " over his death . "  He will truly be missed , " Philicia Ruffin said . "  We will treasure the many fond and wonderful memories we all have of him . We appreciate all of the love and prayers from our family , friends , his colleagues and his adoring fans . " People we 've lost in 2014	Motown crooner Jimmy Ruffin is dead at age 78 Singer is best known for hit , "  What Becomes of the Brokenhearted " Ruffin , brother of Temptations singer David Ruffin , died Monday in Las Vegas
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court struggled Wednesday to find a constitutional balance between free speech and privacy in a case involving provocative anti-homosexual protests by a small church at the funeral of a soldier who died in Iraq . Members of the Kansas-based Westboro Baptist Church protested outside the court , while inside one of their members argued they have the right to promote what they call a broad-based message on public matters such as wars . But the lawyer for the fallen Marine 's father argued those protests are an invasion of privacy and an intentional infliction of emotional distress . " -LSB- Justice -RSB- Brandeis said the right to be let alone was the most important , and so he must have been thinking there could be a tort -LSB- lawsuit -RSB- there for interference with privacy , " said Justice Stephen Breyer , speaking for many of his colleagues . "  And emotional injury , deliberately inflicted , could be one . ... But I see that in some instances that could be abused to prevent somebody from getting out a public message , and therefore , I 'm looking for a line . " At issue is a delicate test between the privacy rights of grieving families and the free speech rights of demonstrators , however disturbing and provocative their message . Several states have attempted to impose specific limits on when and where the church members can protest . The church , led by pastor Fred Phelps , believes God is punishing the United States for "  the sin of homosexuality " through events including soldiers ' deaths . Members have traveled the country shouting at grieving families at funerals and displaying such signs as "  Thank God for dead soldiers , " "  God blew up the troops " and "  AIDS cures fags . " Westboro members had appeared outside the 2006 funeral for Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder in Westminster , Maryland , outside Baltimore . Snyder 's family sued the church in 2007 , alleging invasion of privacy , intentional infliction of emotional distress and civil conspiracy . A jury awarded the family $ 2.9 million in compensatory damages plus $ 8 million in punitive damages , which were later reduced to $ 5 million . The church appealed the case in 2008 to the 4th District , which reversed the judgments a year later , siding with the church 's allegations that its First Amendment rights were violated . Albert Snyder , Matthew 's father , said his son was not gay and the protesters should not have been at the funeral . "  I was just shocked that any individual could do this to another human being , " Snyder told CNN . "  I mean , it was inhuman . " Church members say their broader message was aimed at the unspecified actions of the military and those who serve in it . They believe U.S. soldiers deserve to die because they fight for a country that tolerates homosexuality . During Wednesday 's intense one-hour arguments , the attorney for the Snyder side -- Sean Summers -- told the court the pain Albert Snyder suffered occurred before , during and after the funeral . That included a posting on the Westboro website that offered what Summers said were more intense personal attacks on the Snyders than may have occurred at the burial service . "  But it does not intrude upon the funeral , " said Justice Antonin Scalia . "  He does n't have to watch them . They are just posted on the Internet . " "  Why does he have a claim ? " asked Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg . The protest "  was at considerable distance . There was no importuning anyone going to the funeral . It stopped before the funeral -- the service -- began . " She added that the Westboro members stayed on public rights-of-way , had the permission of police to gather , and were not arrested . Summers , however , reiterated the church crossed the line . "  I believe that the justices heard that and I hope that they realize that this is n't just a case about speech , it 's about harassment , targeted harassment at a private person 's funeral , " Summers said afterward . In an unususal twist , the attorney representing the church before the Supreme Court is also a church member -- Margie Phelps , a daughter of the pastor . She held her own under sometimes withering questioning from several justices , especially over whether the church 's "  speech " is personal or public in nature . "  Suppose someone believes that African-Americans are inherently inferior , and they are really a bad influence on this country , " Justice Samuel Alito said . "  And so a person comes up to an African-American and starts berating that person with racial hatred . Now is this just any old old African-American on the street ? That 's a matter of public concern ? " Chief Justice John Roberts said , "  Does it make a difference , which seems to me to be the case here , that Mr. Snyder was selected not because of who he was , but because it was a way to get maximum publicity for your client 's particular message ? " Margie Phelps countered her fellow congregants did not stalk or confront Snyder or his family . "  The words that were at issue in this case were people from a church delivering a religious viewpoint , " she said , "  commenting not only on the broader public issues that the discussion was under way in this nation about dying soldiers , about the morals of the nation . " Ginsburg jumped in , noting Westboro had picketed the Maryland state Capitol the same day , just before going to the Snyder funeral . "  This is a case about exploiting a private family 's grief , " she said , "  and the question is : Why should the First Amendment tolerate exploiting this Marine 's family when you have so many other forums for getting across your message , " such as standing in front of the Supreme Court . About a dozen congregants , including a couple of young children , did just that Wednesday , gathering in front of the court building to hold signs , sing hymns , and shout their message . They planned later to promote their message at nearby Arlington National Cemetery . They had been at the White House and other sites the day before . The Supreme Court has never addressed the specific issues of laws designed to protect the "  sanctity and dignity of memorial and funeral services , " as well as the privacy of family and friends of the deceased . But the high court has recognized the state 's interest in protecting people from unwanted protests or communications while in their homes . The justices are being asked to address how far states and private entities like cemeteries and churches can go to justify picket-free zones and the use of "  floating buffers " to silence or restrict the speech or movements of demonstrators exercising their constitutional rights in a funeral setting . A majority of states across the nation have responded to the protests with varying levels of control over the Westboro church protesters . In Wednesday 's case , 48 states and dozens of members of Congress filed an amicus brief in support of the Snyders . Church members told the court they have a duty to protest and picket at certain events , including funerals , to promote their religious message : "  That God 's promise of love and heaven for those who obey him in this life is counterbalanced by God 's wrath and hell for those who do not obey him . " The congregation is made up mostly of Fred Phelps and his family . The pastor has 13 children , and at least 54 grandchildren and seven great-grandchildren . He described himself as an "  old-time " gospel preacher in a CNN interview in 2006 , saying , "  You ca n't preach the Bible without preaching the hatred of God . " Church members have participated in several hundred protests across the country . Last year , the high court blocked Missouri 's effort to enforce a specific law aimed at the Westboro church . Phelps , daughter Shirley Phelps-Roper and other church members had protested near the August 2005 funeral of a soldier in St. Joseph , Missouri . State lawmakers later passed the "  Spc. Edward Lee Myers Law , " criminalizing picketing "  in front of or about " a funeral location or procession . The case heard Wednesday is Snyder v. Phelps  09-751  . A ruling is expected in the next few months . CNN 's Kamal Wallace and Emanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	NEW : Justices question both sides on rights in free speech/privacy case Members of Westboro Baptist Church held anti-gay protest at soldier 's funeral Dead soldier 's father , church claim rights were violated The church believes the soldier 's death was God 's punishment for homosexuality
