CNN  -- The United States is sailing back into the Asia-Pacific region , but initial euphoria is being tempered by the dangerous realities of the work left to be done . Like a new college student heading off to school , it is increasingly apparent that gaining admission was the easy part : To graduate requires a full commitment , and there are a number of hurdles along the way . Already , tough decisions are being made with respect to the United States ' global defense strategy , which now recognizes that costly wars with little economic return are no longer viable . Yet while the United States increasingly seeks to obtain a greater share of the Asia Pacific 's economic growth , it similarly sees its military presence in the region as critical for maintaining security . Barack Obama reaffirmed this strategy at the Pentagon on Thursday , stating that "  budget reductions will not come at the expense of this critical region . " Importantly , the United States ' strong military and diplomatic re-engagement with Asia-Pacific countries , particularly those in Southeast Asia , has not fallen on deaf ears in China . Sharing his concerns with respect to increasing international influence on domestic affairs , Hu Jintao warned in a January 1 statement , "  Hostile international powers are strengthening their efforts to Westernize and divide us . " Adding to the tension of the United States ' newfound strategy are the political transitions that will , or are likely to occur , in 2012 . The U.S. presidential election , presidential leadership change in China and South Korea , and now the volatile political transition in North Korea will encourage tough rhetoric from politicians with respect to international relations in order to appease constituencies . Strong words present a serious challenge to stability in the Asia-Pacific , particularly as the United States ramps up its military presence . The starting point in the run-up to the United States ' East Asian convocation was Secretary of State Hillary Clinton 's October 11 article , "  America 's Pacific Century , " published in Foreign Policy . She identified five areas for re-engaging the region , including bilateral security , deepening working relationships , multilateralism , trade and finally , human rights and democracy . The areas Clinton outlined for re-engagement are also important to Asia-Pacific states , and particularly the relatively small Southeast Asian nations . Yet while trade relations with the United States are vital for sustaining Southeast Asia 's significant economic growth , the greatest gains from increased cooperation with America will come in the form of military protection . Across the region , governments are increasingly concerned with China 's military might , as much as they are happy with China 's economic investments . Teaming with the United States is a sensible insurance policy . But the United States ' increased military presence in the region , which will include marines in Australia , naval ships in Singapore and increased military cooperation with the Philippines and Vietnam , while having the potential to lend stability , also raises the stakes as to what could go wrong . Now , more than ever , with impending political change on both sides of the Pacific , politicians are keen to assert themselves as strong on defense and as advocates of their respective national interests . One instance in which heightened regional tensions are especially evident is with the increasingly frequent spats over energy reserves in the South China Sea , an area recognized by the Philippines as the "  West Philippine Sea " and by Vietnam as the "  East Sea . " The lack of consensus with respect to a name for the same body of water evidences how possessive governments are of this energy-rich area . Regarding their maritime claims , Philippines Secretary for Foreign Affairs Albert Del Rosario stated in December that the United States is increasingly willing to assist the Philippines ' efforts to develop a "  minimum credible defense posture " with respect to the disputed territories . However , recent and planned U.S. military actions in the Asia-Pacific could be construed by China as exceeding a "  minimum , " and incidents such as one in October 2011 , in which a Philippines naval vessel bumped into a Chinese fishing boat alleged to be encroaching on the former 's territorial waters , now have a greater potential to escalate . Ultimately America needs to recognize and respect the accomplishments China has achieved in its own backyard , in spite of the country 's shortfalls in winning over the trust of its neighbors . After directing its attention largely elsewhere for most of the last decade , America has pragmatically recognized that its own long-term security , whether at home or abroad , is tied closely to the Asia-Pacific region 's economic progress . East Asian countries have shown they are willing to offer the United States opportunities for investment in return for security assistance . But without effective dialogue with China in particular , the risk of military escalation is much more real . The United States just exited one costly war and is ramping down another ; it therefore needs to ensure it does n't lose sight of its economic priorities in the Asia-Pacific , and the best way to do this is through more effective dialogue with China with regard to its military intentions . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Andrew Billo .	America is rightly focusing on Asia but it must recognize the risks , says Andre Billo He says Asian nations fear China 's power but appreciate its investments U.S. is seen by these countries as a security counterweight to China , he says Billo : U.S. must guard against risk of an incident being escalated into war
CNN  -- Sergio Perez was announced as Force India 's new driver Thursday , but is the Mexican racer already getting itchy feet ? The 23-year-old lost his drive with McLaren less than a month ago and Perez is determined to prove he deserves another chance with a front-running Formula One team . "  I learned a lot at McLaren last year , " Perez , who last year finished 11th in the drivers ' championship , told CNN . "  McLaren made me a better driver than I was before I joined them . I learned a lot and I 'm really looking forward to proving myself in 2014 ; achieving great things , good results . "  Hopefully we can have a strong car and confirm once again to top teams that I 'm the right one for them . "  Hopefully I can do that and have another chance in a top team in a winning car . " For now , the Mexican 's immediate future lies with Force India , the British-based team who were ranked as 2013 's fifth fastest team before the introduction of new Pirelli tires halfway through the season saw their early season form fade . The team , overseen by Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya , finished sixth in the team standings with German Adrian Sutil and Scotland 's Paul di Resta at the wheel , both of whom are now without a drive in F1 . Next season sees Perez partner highly-rated German Nico Hulkenberg , who is returning for a second stint as a Force India driver . "  I 'm happy now that I know what I 'm doing for next year , " said Perez , who took three podiums for Sauber in a breakthrough 2012 season that helped earn him a step up to McLaren as Lewis Hamilton 's replacement . "  I 'm very excited to join a young team full of energy , full of hunger to prove itself . "  Nico is one of the best drivers out there , there 's no doubt about it . He 's still looking for a great opportunity for his future and it 's the same for me . "  I think we are one of the strongest driver lineups on the grid . " Mallya insisted neither of his 2013 drivers had done anything to warrant the axe but that that the time had come for a change . With a major technical rule change on the horizon in 2014 and a smattering of new rules , which include a dose of double points at the season finale in Abu Dhabi , the Indian businessman believes he has chosen the right duo to drive forward a new era for his team . "  I 'm very , very happy with our driver lineup , " Mallya told CNN . "  I could n't have done better than Nico and Sergio . "  I 've always backed those drivers who have exceptional talent and who are basically gutsy and hungry and Sergio certainly fits that bill . "  I watched him at Sauber and he did an excellent job , no surprise that McLaren picked him up . "  I saw at times what Sergio did to my own drivers on the track and I said that this guy meets the criteria I 'm looking for , exceptionally talented , quick and he has fire in his belly . " Hulkenberg has some history with the team , joining them as a reserve in 2011 before being promoted to a race seat in 2012 . The 26-year-old then joined Sauber as Perez 's replacement last season . Despite the German being a known quantity , Mallya insists he will not be the team leader in 2014 . "  There is no number one or number two or senior and junior , they should have healthy competition amongst themselves , " he insisted . But , if Perez wanted an extra incentive to prove his talents when the new season beings in March , then his new boss might have given it to him . "  Nico Hulkenberg , I have a huge amount of respect for his talent , " Mallya mused . "  One day I think he will be world champion . "	Sergio Perez to partner Nico Hulkenberg at Formula One team Force India in 2014 The Mexican tells CNN he wants to prove he can race for a top team again Perez lost his seat at McLaren this year but says he is now a better driver Force India boss predicts Hulkenberg will one day be world champion
TEHRAN , Iran  CNN  -- Members of Iran 's national soccer team wore green arm and wrist bands Wednesday during their World Cup qualifying match against South Korea . Members of Iran 's National Soccer Team sport green bands in their game against South Korea on Wednesday . The team does not normally wear green bands . Many Iranians are viewing the team 's bands as a sign of support for Iranian opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi , although that has not been confirmed . Green is the campaign color of Moussavi and has been widely worn by his supporters who have staged massive rallies in Tehran before and after last week 's presidential election . Moussavi is disputing the results of the vote that gave President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad a second term and is calling for a new election . The players took the wrist bands off when the team came out for the second half of the game that was taking place in Seoul , South Korea . It is unclear whether the players were asked to remove the wrist bands . The match ended 1-1 .	Many Iranians viewing team 's bands as a sign of support for opposition leader Green is the campaign color of Mir Hossein Moussavi Iranian national team was playing a World Cup qualifier in Seoul , South Korea
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The son of the leader of an al Qaeda-linked militant group was killed Thursday night in a suspected U.S. drone strike in Pakistan , officials said . Muhammad Haqqani , son of Jalaluddin Haqqani , was one of the four people killed in the drone strike on a militant compound in Pakistan 's tribal region in North Waziristan , according to two Pakistani intelligence sources . A Taliban source also confirmed the death . The sources asked not to be identified because they are not authorized to speak to the media . Muhammad Haqqani was a commander in the Haqqani network , the sources said . The Haqqani network is an al Qaeda-linked militant group based in Pakistan 's tribal region and is accused of targeting U.S. and international forces across the Afghanistan border . It is closely allied with the Taliban , sources say . U.S. intelligence officials have said they consider the Haqqani network one of the greatest threats to U.S. forces in Afghanistan . U.S. officials normally do not comment on suspected drone strikes , which have caused tension between Pakistan and the United States in the past . The United States is the only country in the region known to have the ability to launch missiles from drones , which are controlled remotely . Journalist Nasir Dawar contributed to this report .	Muhammad Haqqani , son of Jalaluddin Haqqani , killed in Pakistan , sources say Haqqani network considered significant threat to U.S. forces in Afghanistan U.S. refuses to comment on drone strikes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- California Gov. Jerry Brown signed into law a measure that will allow undocumented immigrant students to receive privately funded scholarships administered at public universities and community colleges , officials said Tuesday . The law was needed because the University of California and California State University systems avoided giving the private scholarships to their undocumented students , citing vagueness in laws , said Luis Quinonez , legislative aide to the new law 's author , Assemblyman Gilbert Cedillo . Also , community colleges in California often raised money from private sources and diverted those funds to independent nonprofit groups , which in turn gave those funds as scholarships to undocumented students , Quinonez told CNN on Tuesday . Under the new law , community colleges will be able to give those privately financed scholarships directly to undocumented immigrant students , Quinonez said . Since 2005 , bills containing an identical measure were vetoed four times by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , a Republican , but on Monday , Brown , a Democrat , ceremoniously signed the law on the back of Cedillo , who has long championed the proposal , Quinonez said . Cedillo , D-Los Angeles , told CNN on Tuesday that the new law will help boost the California labor force with educated workers , especially as a million college graduates who are baby boomers are projected to retire by 2025 . He also said "  thousands " of undocumented students will now be able to achieve their personal dreams . "  Education is for life , but their legal status will change , " Cedillo said of the undocumented immigrant students . "  Something is going to happen that their status is going to change " some day , he added . The new law is called California 's Dream Act . It differs from a proposed federal bill called the Development , Relief and Education for Alien Minors -- or DREAM -- Act , which would create a path to citizenship for immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the United States for at least five years , obtained a high school or General Education Development diploma and demonstrated "  good moral character , " according to a White House fact sheet . "  Signing this Dream Act is another investment in people , " Brown said at Monday 's signing . Angelica Salas , executive director for the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles , a regional immigrant rights organization , praised the new law . "  While many states have chosen to legislate hate and division by approving anti-immigrant laws , California 's governor sends a strong message that investing in today 's student population , regardless of their immigration status , is smart , practical , and the right thing to do , " Salas said in a written statement . The law requires undocumented immigrant students to have attended a California high school for three or more years , to have attained a diploma or a GED , to have filed an affidavit with the college stating they have applied for a lawful immigration status or will apply as soon as they are eligible to do so , Quinonez said . The new law also applies to citizen or resident students who may have left the state and want to return to a California higher education institution ; they too have to meet the same high school attendance and diploma or GED criteria , Quinonez said . The University of California system 's 10 campuses have about 670 undocumented students who could benefit under the new law , Quinonez said . The UC system has a total enrollment of 237,000 , according to a Cedillo statement . Figures for undocumented immigrant students in the Cal State and community college systems were n't available , Quinonez said . Cedillo has also introduced a Dream Act Part II , which would allow undocumented immigrant students to receive state-funded financial aid at higher education institutions , Quinonez said . That measure , which passed the Assembly in June , is scheduled for a vote in the Senate Appropriations Committee on August 25 , Quinonez said .	Public colleges in California have raised funds for private scholarships But the private scholarships did not go directly to undocumented immigrant students A new law now allows for the award of such privately financed scholarships "  Education is for life , but their legal status will change "
CNN  -- Novak Djokovic and his female counterparts Ana Ivanovic and Jelena Jankovic have transformed Serbia into one of the leading tennis nations in the world with their well-chronicled achievements in the past few seasons . Djokovic reached a career high ranking of number two in the world earlier this year , Jankovic went one better and briefly topped the women 's rankings in 2008 while Ivanovic claimed grand slam glory at the French Open in the same year . It is a remarkable record for a country of approximately 10 million people and with no great tradition in tennis , rather a passion for team sports such as football  Serbia qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals  and basketball . Djokovic aside , Serbia has also produced Janko Tipsarevic and Viktor Troicki , who are both ranked in the top 50 on the ATP tour , giving them a formidable Davis Cup team . With Djokovic leading the way and winning the conclusive rubber against John Isner , Serbia beat the might of the United States in the World Group first round earlier this month to reach the quarterfinals of the competition for the first time . They will now play neighboring Croatia for a place in the semifinals . In times past the two countries formed part of the old Yugoslavia , who reached the last four of the competition in 1988 , the following year , and 1991 . The Serbian women 's team reached the World Group playoffs of the Fed Cup in 2007 , but with Jankovic and Ivanovic in the ranks have the potential to challenge for top honors in years to come . Djokovic puts an unusual slant on the reasons for the success of the current crop of Serbian players , tracing it back to the crisis of 1999 when NATO planes bombed Belgrade before the regime of president Slobodan Milosevic was removed . Djokovic celebrated his 12th birthday during the bombings and like other youngsters was not allowed to go to school because of the dangerous situation . It left him and other leading players with no alternative but to practice tennis for four or five hours on end day after day . "  But still you know it  the war  gave me a lot of hours on the tennis court and I was very happy about it , " he told CNN . "  But in those conditions , in those times , you have players like Jelena Jankovic , Ana Ivanovic , Tipsarevic , myself , all these guys went through that . "  I think it is a question that has been raised and asked to all of us , for last two , three years , how come you are coming from such a small country with so many problems and you still managed to become top players you know , " he added . Djokovic says that the bonds that were forged in those trying times has given all those involved a double sense of purpose . "  As a small country we got united in those critical times and we supported each other and right now that the country is prospering and it has turned its intentions towards the West and I am happy with the situation as it is now , " he added . Prior to the current clutch of star players , the most famous home-grown talent produced by Serbia was former world number one Monica Seles , who fostered her talent in the old Yugoslavia . Seles was born in Novi Sad and at the age of 11 won her category at the renowned Orange Bowl tournament in Florida where she was spotted by noted coach Nick Bollettieri . It prompted a move to the United States where she later became a naturalized citizen and multi grand slam champion .	Djokovic reached a career high ranking of number two in the world in 2010 Ana Ivanovic claimed grand slam glory at the French Open in 2008 Serbia also has Janko Tipsarevic and Viktor Troicki ranked in the top 50 on the ATP tour
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . In a perfect world , C-level executives and employees on all rungs of the corporate ladder would communicate openly , honestly , conveniently and often . Companies , big and small , and their executives would boast of abilities to listen to feedback , answer questions and maintain close relationships with all employees . Like I said -- in a perfect world . While these relationships might exist in a few companies , it 's virtually impossible with larger corporations . Lucky for them , that 's why we have human resource  HR  professionals . "  Human resource employees used to strictly work behind-the-scenes of a company , handling the administration of areas such as payroll , hiring and benefits , " says Rosemary Haefner , vice president of Human Resources with CareerBuilder.com . "  Now , HR goes beyond the tactical aspects of these areas and acts as a strategic player . HR is the liaison between employees and top executives , helping executives understand what their workers really need and how to maximize their potential . " Overall HR employment is projected to grow by 17 percent between 2006 and 2016 , estimating 1,015,000 jobs in 2016 , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . Plus , as the need for good HR specialists and executives increases , so does their annual compensation , according to a survey by Watson Wyatt , a global consulting firm , in association with the Society for Human Resource Management  SHRM  . In 2007 , the highest percentage increases in average salary were given to HR professionals with strong skills in knowledge of compensation , benefits , international HR and diversity . Other skills and qualifications for HR professionals include interpersonal capabilities , as well as a college degree . Most entry-level jobs require a degree in human resources or a background in business or liberal arts . An advanced degree is required for some jobs , as well as specific certifications . Think you 've got what it takes to make a successful career in HR ? Here are 10 common HR positions with increases in job growth , according to SHRM and the BLS . 1 . Compensation supervisors oversee the pay practice area of compensation , including wage , salary , incentive and executive compensation . Average salary in 2007 : $ 78,700 2006 employment : 49,000 2016 projection : 55,000 2 . Employee benefits planning analysts deal with the company 's employee-benefits program , usually creating its health insurance and pension plans . Average salary in 2007 : $ 62,000 2006 employment : 110,000 2016 projection : 130,000 3 . Professional and technical staff recruiters seek out potential job candidates , interviewing and screening them for job openings within the company . Average salary in 2007 : $ 62,100 2006 employment : 197,000 2016 projection : 233,000 4 . Human resource assistants maintain records of the organization 's employees , such as their name , address , job title , earnings , benefits and tax withholding . They also perform general administrative tasks . Average salary in 2007 : $ 36,600 2006 employment : 168,000 2016 projection : 187,000 5 . Compensation analysts gather , analyze and prepare wage and salary data to smooth the compensation and management functions of the company . They also review and propose changes to salary structures and position classification . Average salary in 2007 : $ 62,400 2006 employment : 110,000 2016 projection : 130,000 6 . Employee benefits managers supervise employee benefits programs for companies . They create programs to insure employees against loss of income due to illness , injury , layoff or retirement . Average salary in 2007 : $ 89,200 2006 employment : 49,000 2016 projection : 55,000 7 . Human resources generalists handle tasks in all areas of HR ; staffing , employee relations , compensation , training , employment , labor relations , safety , affirmative action and employment equity programs , and personnel research . Average salary in 2007 : $ 55,900 2006 employment : 214,000 2016 projection : 250,000 8 . Employee training specialists organize training activities for employees to maintain and improve their skill sets . Average salary in 2007 : $ 55,500 2006 employment : 210,000 2016 projection : 249,000 9 . Human resources managers oversee and contribute to planning , developing , recommending and implementing HR activities , policies and procedures for companies . Average salary in 2007 : $ 80,700 2006 employment : 58,000 2016 projection : 65,000 10 . Top human resources executives usually include director positions . The director of HR typically supervises departments like benefits , compensation , training and labor relations , all of which are managed by other supervisors specific to a certain department . Average salary in 2007 : $ 170,000 2006 employment : 58,000 2016 projection : 65,000 Employment projections provided by the Bureau of Labor Statistics ; Salary estimations provided by SHRM . E-mail to a friend Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	Human resources jobs expected to grow by 17 percent over next decade HR supervisors overseeing salaries make on average $ 78,700 HR staffers who train employees earn around $ 55,500 Biggest pay jump for dealing with compensation , benefits , diversity
CNN  -- Massachusetts Gov. Deval Patrick named Paul G. Kirk as the interim U.S. senator from Massachusetts on Thursday . Paul Kirk will fill the Senate seat left empty by the death of the late Sen. Ted Kennedy . Kirk will fill the U.S. Senate seat left empty by the death of former Sen. Edward M. Kennedy . Patrick said Kirk will begin serving immediately . " -LSB- Kirk -RSB- shares the sense of service that so distinguished Sen. Ted Kennedy , " Patrick said . Kirk will not seek the open seat in January 's special election , Patrick said , "  but for the next few months , he will carry on the work and the focus of Sen. Kennedy , mindful of his mission and his values and his love of Massachusetts . " Primaries to fill the seat for the remaining three years of Kennedy 's six-year term are set for December 8 , while the general election will take place on January 19 . Kirk said the appointment to the Senate seat is a "  profound honor " that he accepts with "  sincere humility . " "  During our years together , I was personally privileged to have had Sen. Kennedy 's friendship , his trust and his confidence , " Kirk said . "  He often said that representing the people of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts in the Senate of the United States was the highest honor that he could possibly imagine . And it 's certainly nothing I imagined , but it will be my highest honor as well . " Kirk said he expected to be sworn in on Friday . The appointment gives Democrats a crucial 60th vote in the Senate as the chamber weighs President Obama 's health care proposal . Patrick said Kirk was chosen among 6 finalists for the post . Kirk was a longtime senior aide to Kennedy and served as chairman of the national Democratic Party in the late 1980s . Two Kennedy family associates told CNN on Wednesday that Kirk was the family 's favorite to fill his vacant Senate seat . One source said Kennedy 's widow , Vicki Kennedy , was among the family members supporting a Kirk appointment . In a statement released Thursday , Obama called Kirk a "  distinguished leader , whose long collaboration with Senator Kennedy makes him an excellent , interim choice to carry on his work until the voters make their choice in January . " The family of Kennedy said Patrick "  could not have selected a more outstanding person to serve as Massachusetts 's interim senator than Paul Kirk . " "  Senator Kennedy always said that serving the people of Massachusetts in the United States Senate was the greatest honor of his life . He would be so pleased that Paul Kirk will also now have that honor , " the family said in a statement . But Rob Jesmer , executive director of the National Republican Senatorial Committee , said the appointment "  has nothing to do with principle , and everything to do with politics . " He accused Democrats of naming an interim senator in order to get another vote for the health care legislation . Massachusetts lawmakers voted Wednesday to approve a measure giving Patrick , a Democrat , the power to appoint an interim replacement for Kennedy until a new election can be held . Republican State Sen. Scott Brown has announced that he will run for the seat on the Republican side , while state Attorney General Martha Coakley , Celtics co-owner Stephen Pagliuca and Rep. Mike Capuano are battling for the Democratic nomination . CNN 's John King , Gloria Borger and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Gov. Patrick says Kirk will take office immediately as interim senator Kirk will not seek the seat in January 's open election Kirk was longtime senior aide to Kennedy ; served as chairman of DNC in 1980s Appointment is about politics , not principle , GOP official says
Rockhampton , Australia  CNN  -- While floodwaters in Australia have begun to recede in some areas , the worst could still be on the way for at least one city , the country 's prime minister said Saturday . "  Today I 've been in St. George , and they are still bracing for the peak of the flood , " Julia Gillard told Australia 's Nine Network , according to a transcript from the prime minister 's office . "  They 're very well prepared , but of course they 're anxious as they await the peak . " The seasonal flooding in the state of Queensland intensified last month after monsoon rains caused rivers to spill over their banks and reach record levels . The floodwaters have covered an area the size of France and Germany combined , stretching from Queensland into the neighboring state of New South Wales , CNN meteorologist Ivan Cabrera said Saturday . Cabrera said the projected rainfall for parts of the two states is expected to be above average through March . During a press conference Saturday with Queensland Premier Anna Bligh , Gillard said the situation will get tougher for "  many , many people " throughout the state of Queensland . She said federal and state officials have made about $ 4 million in emergency payments to individuals and families . "  Of course , that is the money in the pocket , money on the ground now , but there are hundreds of millions more dollars that are going to be required to help Queensland through and to help with the rebuilding , " Gillard said . Bligh said she was "  very heartened " by Australians helping Queensland residents in need . The premier 's relief appeal has garnered more than $ 20 million , Bligh said . "  Twenty million dollars worth of aid over and above the hundreds of millions of dollars that each level of government will be contributing to the rebuilding effort will make a huge  difference  , particularly to those families who really have lost everything , " she said . In Rockhampton -- one of the hardest hit cities -- the fast-flowing Fitzroy River was slowly receding after peaking earlier this week at about 9.2 meters  about 30 feet  . With many major roads under water , some residents surrounded by the deluge used boats to travel . Government officials have warned residents to avoid flooded areas , saying some road infrastructure can be dangerous after being flooded for days . Officials said the degree of damage remained unclear . "  The full extent of the damage to the 33,000 kilometers of state roads is impossible to quantify right now , " Craig Wallace , Queensland minister of main roads , said in a statement Friday . "  It will be an unprecedented long-term repair job that will take months , perhaps even years to fully complete , " he said . The flooding also affected about 40 mines in the coal-rich state , the government said in a statement . Environmental officials were monitoring water discharges from the mines , the statement said . Farmers were particularly hard hit , as water washed over crops and blocked roads used to transport them to market . Global transport of commodities like coal and steel was also stymied . Police said 10 people have died as a result of flooding since November 30 -- many of them swept away by swift waters . The airport in Rockhampton was expected to remain closed for weeks , according to Emergency Management Queensland . At least 200,000 people have been affected by the prolonged flooding , police have said . CNN 's Phil Black contributed to this report .	NEW : Gillard says $ 4 million has been allocated , but hundreds of millions more are needed Flooding recedes in Rockhampton but could still peak in St. George Parts of eastern Australia are forecast to get above-average rainfall until March Queensland official : The repair could take months or years to complete
CNN  -- Aiden O'Brien 's superstar colt Camelot added the Irish Derby Saturday to his 2,000 Guineas and English Derby victories earlier this year . Ridden by his trainer 's teenage son Joseph , the unbeaten son of Montjeu was doubtful for the showpiece Curragh clash because of the soft ground . But O'Brien 's decision to run him paid off as he triumphed over Born To Sea . Camelot stormed to success in the English Derby earlier this month to put him in contention to become the first horse since Nijinsky to capture the English ` Triple Crown ' of Thoroughbred racing : the 2,000 Guineas , the Epsom Derby and the St Leger Stakes . The legendary Nijinsky also won the Irish Derby en route to his historic treble in 1970 . Camelot eyes horse racing immortality O'Brien 's gamble of running Camelot looked in doubt when Born To Sea mounted a strong challenge , but the colt dug deep to pull two lengths clear and give the trainer his seventh successive victory in the race . Camelot is also the first horse since High Chaparral in 2002 to complete the Epsom-Curragh Derby double . "  We really felt it was n't the right thing  to run on this ground  but he 's a great horse , " O'Brien told gathered reporters . "  It does n't get any better than this . These are days you ca n't dream of . He had the speed to win the Guineas , the class to win the Derby and then he had to have class , courage and stamina to win today . "  Obviously the lads will speak about the Triple Crown now , would n't it be something to dream about ? " Bookmakers have already installed Camelot as a 1-3 favorite for the final leg of the Triple Crown at Doncaster .	Camelot wins Irish Derby to continue his remarkable season Trainer Aiden O'Brien 's son Joseph rode Camelot to victory Camelot can capture English ` Triple Crown ' later this season Nijinsky achieved the triple back in 1970
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Ken Ober , whose MTV game show "  Remote Control " was among the network 's first forays into non-music programming , has died at age 52 , his agent said Monday . Ober hosted five seasons of "  Remote Control , " a pop-culture quiz show that featured contestants strapped into easy chairs to answer questions from categories such as "  Dead or Canadian ? " The show first aired in 1987 and helped launch the careers of comedians Adam Sandler , Denis Leary and Colin Quinn , who was the program 's announcer . Blog : Remembering Ken Ober Ober later moved behind the camera as a producer of the Comedy Central program "  Mind of Mencia " and the CBS comedy "  The New Adventures of Old Christine . " Ober 's agent , Mark Measures , said Ober was found dead at his home in Los Angeles . No cause of death was immediately known .	MTV pop-culture game show first aired in 1987 Ober , 52 , found dead at home , his agent says "  Remote Control " helped launch careers of Adam Sandler , Denis Leary , Colin Quinn
CNN  -- Morocco 's king revoked on Sunday the pardon of a convicted Spanish pedophile that sparked angry protests in the North African nation . "  King Mohammed VI has decided to withdraw the pardon previously accorded to Daniel Galvan Vina , " the royal office announced on its official website on Sunday . The statement said the "  exceptional revocation " was ordered by the king because of the "  gravity of the crimes committed by the person concerned , as well as out of respect for victims ' rights . " According to official newspapers , Galvan was convicted of raping 11 Moroccan children and sentenced 30 years in prison in September 2011 . The children ranged in age from 4 to 14 . Galvan , a retired professor , was arrested in December 2010 after he was found with CDs and external storage units containing pornographic images of him raping children . It was unclear whether Galvan had left the country , as several media reported , but the monarchy said the king has ordered the Minister of Justice to speak with his Spanish counterpart about the actions that would follow the revocation of the pardon . On Friday , hundreds of angry demonstrators protested outside the country 's Parliament building in Rabat , the capital , to protest the royal pardon , according to media reports and social media websites . A statement posted on the official Moroccan monarchy website on Saturday said that the king had not been informed of the details about the case . The king "  has not been informed on all gravity of the despicable crimes committed by this person , " the statement said . The monarchy also said that it will investigate what led to Galvan 's release . Galvan was one of 48 Spanish prisoners who were pardoned . King Juan Carlos of Spain thanked King Mohammed for his action , according to a statement on the Moroccan monarchy 's site dated July 31 . Meanwhile , Moroccans on social media are trying to organize another protest in the next few days .	King Mohammed VI of Morocco withdraws pedophile 's pardon after protests Daniel Galvan Vina , convicted of raping 11 children , was among pardoned Spanish prisoners Protesters demonstrated outside Morocco 's Parliament building in Rabat , the capital King did not know details of Galvan 's case , monarchy says on its website
CNN  -- New Jersey Republican Gov. Chris Christie said Thursday that he was away from home a lot during the 2014 election cycle -- including his final five days on the trail when he hit 19 states -- and giving his family "  a good trial run " for the future . "  It 's a good trial run for all of us to take a look at what it 's like to be out on the road that much , " Christie said during a radio segment on New Jersey 101.5 called "  Ask the Governor . " "  I mean , I was in 19 states in the last 5 days and not at home at all . " Christie , who is chairman of the Republican Governors Association , helped raise more than $ 100 million in the past year for GOP gubernatorial candidates , several of whom won governorships on Election Day in blue states . During that his campaigning the 52-year-old governor , who has said he will announce next year whether he will run for president , kept in touch with his family . Related : Chris Christie 's big moment Christie house rules prohibit cell phones until a certain age . "  No one gets a cell phone until you 're 14 , " he said . Three of his four children have cell phones . They Facetimed , texted and talked . Christie said he is energized by campaigning . He told the story of his son Andrew , a student at Princeton , falling asleep on the plane when he traveled with Christie for a week to campaign with him . "  What the hell are you doing ? " Christie said , nudging his son to wake him up . Taking his headphones out , Andrew turned to his father and said , "  You are a machine . I am not , " and went back to sleep . A caller on the radio show Thursday praised Christie for telling a heckler to "  sit down and shut up , " after he stood up to protest Christie 's handling of Superstorm Sandy at an event just over a week ago . Related : Christie to heckler : ` Sit down and shut up ' Christie said public officials have an obligation to listen , "  but you do n't have an obligation to be a heavy bag . " "  If people want to keep punching you then eventually you have to punch back , " he said . The caller told Christie he should call Russian President Vladimir Putin . "  That would be an interesting conversation , " Christie said .	New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie visited 19 states in 5 days while campaigning for governors Christie helped raise more than $ 100 million for GOP governor candidates in the past year Gov. Christie has said he will announce next year whether he will run for president Christie said his kids are not allowed to have a cell phone until age 14
CNN  -- Crews sprayed foam Wednesday to extinguish pockets of fire remaining at a Texas chemical plant two days after a massive blaze sent bright flames and thick plumes of smoke high into the sky . Authorities were still investigating what caused the blaze at the Magnablend plant about 30 miles south of Dallas . Investigators were also trying to determine whether harmful amounts of chemicals had been released . "  The Environmental Protection Agency is continuously monitoring air quality in the area of the fire and downwind from the site and as of noon Wednesday have not detected significant levels of chemicals in the air , " said a statement released by the city of Waxahachie , Texas . Magnablend CEO Scott Pendery told reporters Tuesday that an electrical spark may have led to the blaze , CNN affiliate WFAA reported . But he was less specific about what was going on inside the plant , WFAA said . "  I do n't want to reach out and try to suggest exactly what each employee was doing at that time , " Pendery said , according to WFAA . "  There 's a variety of events that go on in that plant . " When pressed , Pendery told the CNN affiliate that the plant was producing some chemicals used in hydraulic fracturing or fracking . "  Some of those products that we make in that plant do get used in that application , " Pendery told WFAA . But he declined to detail specific chemicals involved at the plant . The fracking process injects water , sand and chemicals deep into the ground , cracking the shale and unleashing natural gas . There have been growing calls from environmental activists to halt fracking until the environmental concerns and benefits are fully studied . There are concerns that the chemicals used in fracking have caused illnesses , gas leaks , even tap water catching fire -- something covered extensively in media reports and in the Emmy-winning natural gas documentary "  Gasland . " The Environmental Protection Agency is still studying the claims and is scheduled to release its findings in late 2012 . On Monday , Dave Bary -- a Dallas-based spokesman for the EPA -- said the most prevalent chemical that the plant 's owner had documented , and produced on site , was anhydrous ammonia . The EPA official said earlier Monday that 48,630 pounds of the chemical , which creates a toxic vapor downwind when released , have been reported at the site . It was not known how much of the chemical was released into the air during the fire . Officials ordered the evacuation of a school , an apartment building and other industrial sites within an eight-block radius of the plant , said Diana Buckley , an official with Ellis County government . Employees and visitors of the plant evacuated safely , plant officials said . Two employees sustained minor injuries but were not hospitalized , the company said in a statement . CNN affiliates KTVT and WFAA showed orange flames devouring buildings and licking at tanker cars parked at the edge of the Magnablend plant , which is about 30 miles south of Dallas . Officials have said burning liquid continued to fuel the flames hours after it began , but they appeared able to wrestle the fire under control by early Monday evening . Magnablend produces custom chemicals for a variety of industries , including oil , agriculture , pet and animal feed , water treatment , construction and industrial cleaning companies , according to its website . Anhydrous ammonia is a clear , colorless gas , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . It can be absorbed into the body by inhalation , ingestion , eye contact and skin contact . CNN 's Ed Lavandera , Dave Alsup and Sarah Hoye contributed to this report .	City : EPA tests have not found significant levels of chemicals in the air The plant 's owner says an electrical spark may have caused the blaze The plant produced chemicals used in fracking , its CEO tells CNN affiliate WFAA A main chemical produced at the plant was anhydrous ammonia , an EPA official says
CNN  -- The Ronald Reagan Presidential Foundation threatened legal action over the online sale of a vial purportedly containing dried blood from the former president following a 1981 assassination attempt . "  If indeed this story is true , it 's a craven act and we will use every legal means to stop its sale or purchase , " said a statement from John Heubusch , the foundation 's executive director . Bidding for the vial topped 9,181 pounds  nearly $ 14,500  as of Tuesday , with two days left in the sale . The item is being offered by PFC Auctions , based on the island of Guernsey , a British dependency . "  Dried blood residue from President Reagan ... can be seen clearly in the vial with a quarter-inch ring of blood residue at the end of the inserted rubber stopper , " the listing says . On March 30 , 1981 , John Hinckley fired six shots at Reagan as the president left the Washington Hilton after delivering a speech . Reagan was rushed to George Washington University Hospital for emergency surgery . The vial 's seller , in a letter of provenance included in the sale , said it has been in his family 's possession since the day of the assassination attempt . "  Back in the '70s and '80s , my mother worked for Bio Science Laboratories in Columbia , Maryland , " the letter says . The lab was contracted with George Washington University Hospital to handle blood testing , and did Reagan 's blood work and testing . "  The test tube and the lab slip that I have are for his blood work to be tested for lead on 03/30/1981 , " according to the letter . "  The testing was completed and the test tube was sitting on my mother 's desk . " The seller says in the listing his mother asked the lab director if she could keep the paperwork and test tube , and was allowed to do so . The seller said his mother and father have both since died . "  We 've spoken to GW Hospital and are assured an investigation as to how something like this could possibly happen is underway , " Heubusch 's statement said . "  Any individual , including a president of the United States , should feel confident that once they enter into the care of a medical system , their privacy and rights are held inviolable . " The hospital declined comment to CNN on Tuesday . The seller said he had contacted the Reagan National Library and spoke to its director , asking if the library would like to purchase the vial . The director said the library would accept the vial as a donation , the seller said , but the director also wanted to check with legal counsel , the National Archives and the FBI , among others . "  He called back in 25 minutes and said that everything was OK , " the seller wrote . "  The National Archives was not interested in what I had , nor was the Secret Service , the FBI and other agencies . Since 30 years had passed by , he thought that it was simply something that was of no importance at this time and that I was free to do ... whatever I wanted with it . " The seller said he did not want to return the vial to Reagan 's family , "  since I had served under Pres. Reagan when he was my Commander in Chief when I was in the Army from ' 87 - '91 and that I was a real fan of Reaganomics and felt that Pres. Reagan himself would rather see me sell it rather than donating it . " A form also being sold with the vial contains Reagan 's patient ID number at George Washington Hospital , the seller said . The form and a label on the vial contain the names of doctors at the hospital as well , according to the seller . Reagan served two terms as president . He died in June 2004 at age 93 . Hinckley was found not guilty by reason of insanity in the shooting , which also wounded then-press secretary James Brady , Secret Service Agent Timothy McCarthy and police officer Thomas Delahanty . Hinckley has been a patient at St. Elizabeths mental hospital in Washington for three decades . A hearing was held earlier this year on his request that he be allowed longer visits to his elderly mother 's home in Virginia . A judge in February said he would rule on the matter later . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	The Ronald Reagan Foundation calls the sale "  a craven act " Bidding for the vial nears $ 15,000 The blood was apparently taken after the 1981 attempt on Reagan 's life The seller says his mother worked at a lab and kept the vial
CNN  -- Saudi Arabian officials beheaded and then publicly displayed the body of a convicted killer in Riyadh on Friday , an act that prompted a stiff denunciation by a leading human rights monitor . The Saudi Interior Ministry said Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " -- having his body displayed in public -- for the kidnapping and killing of an 11-year-old boy and for the killing of the boy 's father , according to the official Saudi Press Agency . Amnesty International issued a statement deploring the punishment , with the group 's Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui saying in a statement it is "  horrific " that beheadings and crucifixions "  still happen . " Even though the word "  crucifixion " is used to describe the public display , the act has no connection to Christianity and the crucifixion of Jesus . The bodies are not displayed on crosses , Lamri Chirouf , who researches Saudi Arabian issues for Amnesty , explained . The Saudi Interior Ministry asserted that Al-Anzi 's body was displayed as a warning that those involved in similar crimes would suffer the same fate , the press agency reported . The ministry said Al-Anzi kidnapped the boy and held him for a "  malicious purpose " at a grocery store where he worked . He tied rope around the boy 's neck and strangled him to death , the ministry said . When the boy 's father came to the store looking for his son , Al-Anzi axed the father repeatedly until the man died . When police came to arrest Al-Anzi , Al-Anzi resisted arrest by threatening them with a knife . Police later discovered that Al-Anzi had been previously convicted of other crimes , including possession of pornographic videos and sodomy , the Interior Ministry said . Chirouf , the Saudi Arabian researcher for Amnesty International , said his understanding of how the Saudi government carries out crucifixion jibed with Saudi Press Agency 's account . Government officials do use crucifixions , or public displays of executed bodies , as a tool to deter people from committing such a crime , he said . This latest case was classified as an offense of rebellion , one that basically rejected all of the rules of religion and society , he said . Chirouf said those crucified are beheaded first and then their heads are sewn back on their bodies . Then , the corpse is mounted on a pole or a tree . The English-language Saudi Gazette newspaper said the body was placed on public display throughout the evening and Chirouf said it was his understanding that the body was to be displayed for a few hours . In its denunciation of the punishment , Amnesty International deplored the "  extensive use of the death penalty " in Saudi Arabia . "  King Abdullah should show true leadership and commute all death sentences if Saudi Arabia is to have any role to play as a global leader or member of the G-20 , " Sahraoui said . The group asserts that "  trial proceedings " in the country "  fall far below international fair-trial standards . " "  They usually take place behind closed doors without adequate legal representation . Convictions are often made on the basis of "  confessions " obtained under duress , including torture or other ill-treatment during incommunicado detention , " Amnesty International said . "  Those who are sentenced to death are often not informed of the progress of legal proceedings against them or of the date of execution until the morning when they are taken out and beheaded . " Amnesty International said there were 102 executions in Saudi Arabia in 2008 and is aware of 136 people believed to be awaiting execution . It says there has been "  a high number of executions of migrant workers and other foreign nationals , in particular from Asia and Africa . " Al-Anzi was a Saudi national , said Chirouf -- who added "  nobody knows how many people are on death row " in Saudi Arabia .	Man executed for kidnapping , killing boy and killing of the boy 's father Ahmed Al-Shamlani Al-Anzi was sentenced to death and then "  crucifixion " "  Crucifixion " describes public display , but not connected to Christianity Amnesty International condemns action ; officials say it is a deterrent
Editor 's Note : This story details how two members of the CNN Special Investigations Unit reported a story about controversial plans to spend $ 31 million to enhance two remote crossings on the border between the United States and Canada . The road to the border was so quiet it was safe for Drew Griffin to sit in the middle of it . SCOBEY , Montana  CNN  -- We were driving through some of the most remote country in the United States , chasing a story that seemed hard to believe . The Department of Homeland Security had announced it was spending $ 31 million to enhance and upgrade two remote border crossings -- just 12 miles apart -- on the border between Montana and the Canadian province of Saskatchewan . The spending was lauded by Montana 's two senators , even though only an average of 22 cars a day traveled through these border posts . We hopped a plane from Atlanta , Georgia , to Billings , Montana , and then headed to Scobey and Whitetail . The six-hour drive took us through some of this nation 's most beautiful country into the high plains of the Missouri River Region . It was a drive punctuated with glimpses of cows and antelopes , but few people . In fact , Burl Bowler , editor of the Daniels County Leader newspaper , which serves the border towns , advised us where to stop for gas en route , so we would n't run out and then really be in trouble . Besides seeing a part of the country where Lt. Col. George Custer took his last stand , there was the added benefit  sorry CNN management  of having no phone or Blackberry access . In that respect , it was a peaceful drive . When we got to Scobey , the few people we encountered could n't have been nicer . Everyone we passed stopped , said hello , or waved . But encountering people was the problem -- and in fact , the story : We just did n't encounter that many . Certainly not at the border , where we stood and even sat in the middle of the road to show viewers how few people travel to and from Canada here . Watch just how quiet the border crossing was " The Scobey border crossing itself seemed perfectly adequate . But the Department of Homeland Security had warned its agents not to allow us inside , so we do n't know what the interior is like . If we came in , we would be too disruptive , one government spokesman had informed us . In Scobey , that claim seemed a little far-fetched , since there was n't anything going on here -- disruptive or otherwise . On the Canadian side , farmer Marc Chabot , a U.S. citizen whose family has farmed the area on both sides of the border for generations , said he was grateful for the money his senators -- Democrats Max Baucus and Jon Tester -- steered to northeast Montana . But , he said , like others in the community , he gasped when he learned of the plan to spend $ 31 million expanding two border crossings that are rarely used . "  It would be wiser spent on something more useful to the public generally , " he told us , adding that come winter , the average of 20 cars crossing a day in Scobey drops to almost none . Editor Burl Bowler told us the area could certainly use stimulus money for jobs , but not at the border . We asked both Bowler and Chabot about the possibility of terrorists creeping across the frontier . Both said that after the attacks of September 11 , 2001 , everyone needed to be more mindful of the porous border . But Chabot said the government had the area fairly well covered . "  Trust me , they know we are here right now , " he said . And a massive new building costing more than $ 15 million in Scobey , Montana , was n't exactly a deterrence to someone set on harming the United States , he added . Chabot joked that any stranger in the area certainly would not be a stranger long , since everyone knew everyone -- a point echoed by Bowler , who pointed out that while he had n't told many people that CNN was coming to town , everyone seemed to know it anyway . In Whitetail , it was even quieter . The town has grain elevators and a post office . Bureau of Transportation statistics show only about two people a day cross the border there , and the agents ' building seemed in good shape , save for maybe needing a paint job . The DHS planned to spend $ 15 million on the outpost . That would buy a lot more paint than the building seemed to need . So why did these two areas get so much money ? Locals and critics suspect politics might have played a role . Baucus is chairman of the Senate Finance Committee ; Tester is on the Senate 's Homeland Security Committee . Both took credit for convincing the DHS to give these towns millions for border crossings , bragging in a joint press release that they pressured the agency . "  This is good news for all of Montana and especially communities across the northern tier , " Baucus said in the statement . Tester said the spending would "  pay off for generations to come by creating new jobs and opportunity that will benefit all of Montana . " As late as Wednesday , his spokesman reiterated Tester 's support of the spending , saying that it would seal security gaps on the border . So , the nagging question : Did politics , rather than security , guide the DHS ? Especially when a border town like Laredo , Texas , which sees 66,000 crossings a day , was getting not one dime of the $ 400 million in DHS border stimulus funds . Montana , in total , was to receive $ 77 million . In an interview Wednesday with CNN , Trent Frazier , the director of port modernization for the Department of Homeland Security , denied that politics played any role . "  We feel that these ports , like all ports of entry , are a vital part of the network of security that we have established across the border apparatus that we employ across the borders , and the investments we are going to do along these borders are a critical step in ensuring we can perform our mission , " Frazier said . But if Frazier did not believe politics factored in the decisions , it appeared to play a big role by Wednesday afternoon . Fellow Democrat Sen. Byron Dorgan , from the neighboring state of North Dakota , sent out a news release urging DHS Secretary Janet Napolitano to suspend the stimulus program . He said that spending the money on such remote ports -- including the nine in his state -- was "  just nuts . " Dorgan said the plan "  just defied common sense . " Within hours , Napolitano announced she was ordering a 30-day review to see if the money was being spent appropriately . In her letter to Dorgan , Napolitano said 39 of the 43 Custom and Border Protection posts were located in the northern United States . She said most of the Southern ports were owned by the General Services Administration , and the money directed by Congress was earmarked for the Custom and Border Protection properties and required to be spent within 24 months . "  Nonetheless , " she wrote , "  in order to ensure even further transparency in this process , I am ordering a 30 day review " of all port construction decisions by officials who did not make the initial allocation decisions . So , for now , if you want to travel to Canada through Scobey or Whitetail , the agents who inspect your vehicles will be using the buildings now in place -- and according to the locals , you will be adequately served .	DHS planned to spend $ 31 million to upgrade remote border crossings The crossings are 12 miles apart and get little to no traffic Laredo , Texas , by comparison , gets 66,000 crossings a day Laredo will not receive any of the $ 400 million in DHS border stimulus funds
CNN  -- They protect lions , teach music to injured soldiers and open new worlds to autistic youth . They help children who are fighting cancer , poverty and a lack of opportunity . These are the top 10 CNN Heroes of 2014 . Celebrity presenters are joining CNN in honoring the Top 10 CNN Heroes -- everyday people doing extraordinary things to help change the world . "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " re-airs Saturday , December 13 , at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. PT . Among the celebrity presenters are actors Benedict Cumberbatch , Christina Hendricks , Taye Diggs , Rosie Perez , Uzo Aduba and John Leguizamo . Also appearing will be comedian Kathy Griffin , musician Questlove of The Roots , Kelly Ripa of "  Live with Kelly and Michael " and Morgan Spurlock of CNN 's "  Inside Man . " The event also includes musical performances by Sheryl Crow and Trisha Yearwood . Yearwood will be singing her latest song , "  PrizeFighter , " while Crow will be performing "  Wide River to Cross " with CNN Hero Arthur Bloom and his MusiCorps Wounded Warrior Band . Each celebrity presenter will join one of the Top 10 Heroes on stage to share their inspirational story about the important work they do , whether it 's helping children with cancer , saving lions in Africa or reuniting soldiers with the stray animals they took in while serving their country overseas . The CNN Hero of the Year , chosen by CNN 's audience in an online vote , is announced at the tribute event . The Hero of the Year will receive $ 100,000 for his or her cause . That 's in addition to the $ 25,000 each Hero receives just for making the Top 10 . 5 inspiring reasons to watch "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " Musician Nick Jonas , actor Tyler James Williams and actress Quvenzhane Wallis will also be on hand to present awards to remarkable "  young wonders " who are doing their part to help change their communities . The stories of this year 's Top 10 Heroes , who were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN , can be found at CNNHeroes.com . Through Amazon Payments , anyone who wants to contribute can make a direct charitable donation to a Hero 's designated nonprofit until December 31 . Since 2007 , the CNN Heroes campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . It has also received more than 50,000 nominations from more than 100 countries . "  It has been CNN 's great honor for the past eight years to shine a spotlight on these remarkable individuals who are making a difference in their communities and the world , " said Jeff Zucker , president of CNN Worldwide . "  We are proud to provide a platform for these heroes to share their stories and their important work with our global audiences . " Here are the top 10 Heroes of 2014 , in alphabetical order : Arthur Bloom Arthur Bloom has used the healing power of music to help hundreds of injured soldiers recover their lives . His program , MusiCorps , pairs professional musicians with troops recovering at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , helping them play instruments and write and record music . "  By injecting music into this space , we can inject life , " Bloom said . "  There 's nothing injured about the way they do it . It 's just good music . " Jon Burns Jon Burns is rallying fellow soccer fans to help children from poor communities in cities hosting the World Cup and other major tournaments . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Lionsraw , has engaged more than 500 volunteers in construction projects and educational programs that have benefitted nearly 6,000 children . "  We 're trying to harness the passion of football fans to make a difference , " he said . Pen Farthing Pen Farthing , a former Royal Marine Sergeant , is reuniting soldiers with the stray dogs they befriend while serving in Afghanistan . His nonprofit , Nowzad Dogs -- named for the stray Farthing rescued during his tour -- has helped more than 700 soldiers from eight countries . "  My connection with Afghanistan stayed alive because of Nowzad , " Farthing said . "  To be able to get that animal home to them , it closes the loop . " Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg Rabbi Elimelech Goldberg lost his 2-year-old daughter to leukemia in 1981 . Today , his nonprofit , Kids Kicking Cancer , uses martial arts to help children battling serious illnesses manage pain during medical treatments . The group has provided free lessons and support for 5,000 children and their families . "  They 're often so afraid , " Goldberg said . "  We teach kids how to control their pain and make them feel powerful . " Leela Hazzah Leela Hazzah has dedicated her life to lion conservation . In 2007 , she started Lion Guardians , a nonprofit that works with African Maasai warriors to protect lions . The group now employs more than 70 Lion Guardians throughout East Africa and has helped the lion population grow . "  I know we 're making a difference , " Hazzah said . "  When I first moved here , I never heard lions roaring . But now I hear lions roaring all the time . " Patricia Kelly Patricia Kelly is using horses to motivate at-risk children in Hartford , Connecticut . Her nonprofit , Ebony Horsewomen , provides horseback riding lessons and teaches animal science to more than 300 young people a year . "  We use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing , " said Kelly . "  They learn that they have ability . They just have to unlock it . " Annette March-Grier Annette March-Grier grew up in her family 's funeral home . After her mother 's death , she created Roberta 's House , a nonprofit in Baltimore that helps children and their families cope with grief . Since 2008 , more than 1,000 children have benefited from the group 's free programs . "  We 're giving families in this city a sense of hope , " she said . "  We 're helping to heal wounds and bring families back together again . " Ned Norton For the last 25 years , Ned Norton has provided strength and conditioning training to people living with a variety of disabilities . He now trains more than 120 people every week through his nonprofit , Warriors on Wheels . "  I 'm building them up , building them stronger , so they can go out and live life like they 're supposed to . " Norton said . Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes Amid the violence in his native Guatemala , Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes turned his family 's home into a haven for young people . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Los Patojos  the Little Ones  , has provided educational opportunities and support to more than 1,000 children . I want to inspire these kids , " he said . "  They are the ones in charge of writing the new history in Guatemala . " Dr. Wendy Ross Dr. Wendy Ross is opening new worlds to autistic children and their families . Since 2010 , her nonprofit , Autism Inclusion Resources , has helped hundreds of families navigate challenging social situations , such as sporting events and airport travel . "  If you start taking steps outside of your door , your world gets bigger and bigger , " said Ross . "  We just want people to have opportunities . " "  Like " CNN Heroes on Facebook Follow @CNNHeroes on Twitter Check out behind-the-scenes images on CNN Heroes ' Instagram account	This year 's Top 10 CNN Heroes were honored at an annual tribute show in New York The show re-airs Saturday , December 13 , at 8 p.m. ET/7 p.m. PT Presenters include Benedict Cumberbatch , Questlove , Christina Hendricks and more The event also features musical performances by Sheryl Crow and Trisha Yearwood
CNN  -- Sharia stood immobile in front of the television , transfixed by its images , unaware of the world around her . Her family called her name over and over again , but she did not respond . It was that moment when they knew something was wrong . Initially , they thought it was a hearing problem . When they found nothing wrong , they decided to take 2-year-old Sharia to a specialist at an early detection center in 2009 . "  Within five minutes of looking at Sharia ,  the specialist  said that she has autism , " said Sharia 's father , Fawad Siddiqui . "  A very clear case of it . " Siddiqui , 38 , and his wife , Ayza Sheikh , were under the impression that Sharia was simply a late talker . Originally from Pakistan , the Siddiquis had no relatives to advise them on their first child . Speech , occupational and behavior therapies helped some . But Sharia still struggled with communication . Then , in 2010 , Apple 's iPad was released . Siddiqui , a Columbia , Maryland , resident who shared his daughter 's story on iReport , said that before having the iPad , Sharia 's only way of communicating was crying . She was non-verbal and had no way of expressing what she wanted or how she was feeling . Apple 's touchscreen gadget was n't the first tablet computer and is n't the only one now . But it quickly emerged as the overwhelming market leader , introducing millions of people worldwide to the concept of a computer that dwells somewhere between a smartphone and a laptop and offers a large screen full of images and icons with which the user can interact with a single touch . "  What the iPad has done has given her a sense of control that she never had before , " Siddiqui said . "  She knows when you touch it , something is supposed to happen . She knows she does n't need to cry , she needs to point . " At first , Sharia enjoyed watching movies and playing games . However , through therapy and at home , she was introduced to apps such as Proloquo2Go , First Words , ABCs and Me and Puzzle Me , to name a handful . She soon learned to put together short sentences like "  I want Dora " to express what she wanted . A communications revolution Proloquo2Go was Sharia 's first app and the first real augmented communication app , released first for iPhones in 2009 . AAC , or augmentative and alternative communication , is a series of interventions used to help children with severe communication disorders communicate . Many apps are designed based on this method of therapy . David Niemeijer , founder and CEO of Amsterdam-based AssistiveWare , creator of Proloquo2Go , said that 90 % of AAC users use an iPad for communication , and more than 25 % use an iPhone or iPod Touch , according to the company 's surveys . About half of them reported improved speech abilities . A search for "  autism apps " for the iPad in Apple 's App Store brings 764 hits . About 142 were released this year . Similarly , dozens of assistance and education autism apps have sprung up on tablets and other devices running Google 's Android operating system . The accessibility of online stores as a platform for apps has opened a new avenue for parents . Those with the know-how are able to create apps based on their child 's specific needs . Tricia Estrada of San Diego has developed apps for her son , Evan . The app and website Wonkido has a series of animations , each about four to five minutes in length , depicting various social skills such as "  asking to play " and "  going potty . " By watching , kids acquire a database of episodes to draw from for future social situations , she said . Estrada said the most appealing facet of the iPad is its mobility . Before , when Evan needed to learn a new concept in the middle of soccer practice or while at a restaurant , she had no way of showing him until the therapist gave him a card or bought a DVD weeks later . With the iPad or iPhone , it 's immediate . "  I think  the iPad  is revolutionizing the augmentative communication field , " said Dr. Oliver Wendt , assistant professor of speech , language and hearing sciences at Purdue University . "  It 's a very cost-effective system . Before , we had these expensive , bulky items , which now can be replaced with an iPad . " The equipment that was used previously could cost $ 9,000 to $ 15,000 . iPads are now available for as little as $ 399 . A majority of the apps on the iPad are paid apps that cost 99 cents to $ 299.99 . Some of these prices may seem rather expensive for regular iPad users , but autism communities are thrilled . iReport : Steve Jobs helped my autistic son speak Wendt , who specializes in technological aspects of AAC solutions , collaborated with Purdue student group Engineering Projects in Community Service to develop a free app called SPEAKall ! based on a widespread autism intervention known as Picture Exchange Communication System . Traditionally , in a low-technology approach , children would hand laminated picture cards to their therapist or caretaker in order tell them what they want . The app has two visible parts on the screen : a top row and a bottom row . The top has pictures and symbols , and the bottom is a storyboarding strip where kids can drag and drop the pictures to create sentences . These pictures can include objects , feelings or anything relevant to the child . "  It is very important to put symbols on that are truly reinforcing for the child , symbols that match something the child really wants , " Wendt said . The app allows parents to take pictures on the spot and add them to the existing bank of symbols . The child is then able to create sentences using the images , such as "  I want apple " or "  I feel sad . " At the end , they can push the "  Speak All " icon to hear the sentence . Removing "  extra baggage " Martha Herbert , a pediatric neurologist and neuroscientist at Massachusetts General Hospital of Harvard Medical School in Boston , said the iPad allows individuals to bypass many difficulties they have in communicating . Herbert explains that apraxia or dyspraxia is what makes communication difficult . Apraxia means that although your brain can develop an intention of doing something , it is physically difficult to do it . You may want to speak but ca n't move your lips . "  These apps allow you to do a shortcut around the neuromotor problems getting in the way of communication , " Herbert said . Communication is not just limited to speech . In order to understand and respond to an individual , you have to be able to decode their body language , facial expressions and lip movement as well . Using the iPad takes away this "  extra baggage , " Herbert said . "  I think it 's opening a whole interesting way to be creative about giving people assistance , " she said . "  You can measure somebody 's stress level and somebody can feed it back into their app and tell you if they 're about to fall apart or have a meltdown . " Khengwah Koh is managing partner with Hearty SPIN , a new startup in Singapore that also recently released an app for low-functioning individuals with autism called Picture AAC . The app is available in English as well as Mandarin and is used in more than 15 countries . While Koh thinks his app and the iPad are great tools for these individuals , he thinks they should be used only as a supplement to other kinds of learning and therapy . "  For a child , it should n't be just given to them as a babysitting tool , " Koh said . "  When the app is introduced to the child , first train them how to use  it  . ... It 's not a game . It 's something to be introduced in a systematic way . " Phoebe Tucker , a speech language pathologist in Bridgeport , Connecticut , has developed a center for autism called the Montano Assistive Technology Center , a division of United Cerebral Palsy , to integrate various forms of technology for therapy . The center uses iPads along with other therapies . Although Apple did not create the iPad with the intention of helping children with autism , the company does try to build in features for people with disabilities . "  Steve Jobs did not realize he was giving a voice to the voiceless , " Tucker said . That voice is exactly what Siddiqui feels has been given to Sharia . She is now able to speak in broken sentences and is aware of the world around her . Her family sees small triumphs every day . For the first time in three years , the Siddiquis are thinking of taking Sharia to Pakistan to see their extended family . Sharia was diagnosed shortly after their first visit , and the family there only recently came to know of her diagnosis after watching Siddiqui 's iReport video of Sharia . The trip depends on whether therapists say Sharia is ready for such a change in environment . But Siddiqui is confident and looking forward to the trip . "  I often tell my wife I think of it as Sharia before the iPad and Sharia after the iPad , " Siddiqui said . "  It was that significant . "	Touchscreen iPads are giving voice to autistic children , adults Apps for it and other tablets aid those with trouble verbalizing their thoughts Education and therapy apps also help with other aspects Therapist : Apple 's Steve Jobs gave a voice to the voiceless
Jose Antonio Vargas trumpeted that he was an undocumented immigrant for years . But authorities never apprehended him . Until now . On Tuesday , U.S. Border Patrol agents detained the Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist-turned-activist in McAllen , Texas , after he told them he was in the country illegally , officials said . He was released on his own recognizance with a notice to appear before an immigration judge , the Department of Homeland Security said in a statement . Vargas was detained Tuesday morning at the McAllen airport while trying to pass through security en route to Los Angeles , said Ryan Eller , campaign director for Define American , a group Vargas founded in 2011 . Vargas became an outspoken advocate pushing for an overhaul of the nation 's immigration laws in 2011 , when he revealed he was undocumented in a column for The New York Times Magazine . Recently , he detailed his life story in "  Documented , " a film about the U.S. immigration debate that he wrote and directed . CNN aired it on June 29 . Vargas said in a statement released by a spokesperson Tuesday evening that he had been released . "  I want to thank everyone who stands by me and the undocumented immigrants of south Texas and across the country , " he said . "  Our daily lives are filled with fear in simple acts such as getting on an airplane to go home to our family . " Even with his high profile and frequent speaking events about his immigration status , Vargas had n't found himself in the cross hairs of authorities until his trip this month to the border region to support unaccompanied minors coming from Central America "  Mr. Vargas has not previously been arrested by  Immigrations and Customs Enforcement  nor has the agency ever issued a detainer on him or encountered him , " the Department of Homeland Security said Tuesday . "  ICE is focused on smart , effective immigration enforcement that prioritizes the agency 's resources to promote border security and to identify and remove criminal individuals who pose a threat to public safety and national security . " Tania Chavez , an undocumented youth leader who met with Vargas recently and has accompanied him around the McAllen area , told CNN that he was detained because he did not have proper documentation . It was a possibility Vargas feared after he arrived in the region . "  Because I do n't have any ID besides my Filipino passport , it 's going to be hard for me to actually get out of here at some point when I decide to get out of here in the next couple of days , " he told CNN on Sunday . Early Tuesday , Vargas tweeted that he was about to go through security at McAllen-Miller International Airport . Since outing himself as an undocumented immigrant three years ago , he says he has traveled extensively , visiting 40 states . "  I do n't know what 's going to happen , " he tweeted , directing his followers to the Twitter handles for Define American and the University of Texas-Pan American 's Minority Affairs Council . Within minutes , the latter retweeted a photo of Vargas in handcuffs with the caption : "  Here 's a photo of  Vargas  in handcuffs , because the Border Patrol has nothing more pressing to do apparently . " In Politico last week , Vargas wrote a piece headlined "  Trapped on the Border . " The story documents how he went to McAllen to visit a shelter where undocumented immigrant children were being held . He also wanted to share his "  story of coming to the United States as an unaccompanied minor from the Philippines , " he wrote for Politico . Once in McAllen , he spoke to Chavez , who expressed concern that he might not make it through the U.S. Customs and Border Protection checkpoints about 45 minutes outside McAllen . "  Even if you tell them you 're a U.S. citizen , they will ask you follow-up questions if they do n't believe you , " Chavez told him , according to the Politico piece . "  In the last 24 hours I realize that , for an undocumented immigrant like me , getting out of a border town in Texas -- by plane or by land -- wo n't be easy . It might , in fact , be impossible , " he wrote Friday . Vargas , Define American and other groups traveled to McAllen to "  stand in solidarity with and humanize the stories of the children and families fleeing the most dangerous regions of Central America , " Eller told reporters Tuesday . Vargas told CNN on Sunday that he traveled to McAllen to document the plight of refugees . Before he went to bed Monday , Vargas told Eller , "  Our America is better than this . We 're more humane . We 're more compassionate . And we 're fighting for a better America , a country we love but has yet to recognize us , " the Define American campaign director recalled Tuesday . At 12 , Vargas came to the United States from the Philippines in 1993 with a man he 'd never met but whom his aunt and a family friend introduced as his uncle , wrote in his 2011 New York Times Magazine column . Once in the States , he lived with his grandfather , a security guard , and grandmother , a food server . Both were naturalized American citizens who had been supporting Vargas and his mother since Vargas was 3 . He 'd later learn that his grandfather had paid $ 4,500 for this purported uncle -- who was a coyote , or people smuggler -- to bring Vargas to the United States under a fake passport and name . "  After I arrived in Mountain View , California , in the San Francisco Bay Area , I entered sixth grade and quickly grew to love my new home , family and culture . I discovered a passion for language , though it was hard to learn the difference between formal English and American slang , " Vargas wrote for the magazine . One of his earliest memories , he wrote , was a schoolmate asking him , "  What 's up ? " He replied , "  The sky . " Vargas says he did n't know he was in the country illegally until he was 16 , when he applied for a driver 's license and was told his green card was bogus . He went home and asked his grandfather whether that was true , according to the magazine story . "  Lolo was a proud man , and I saw the shame on his face as he told me he purchased the card , along with other fake documents , for me . ` Do n't show it to other people , ' he warned , " Vargas wrote . Vargas has written for numerous publications as a journalist , including The New Yorker . He interned for The Seattle Times and worked for The Huffington Post , the San Francisco Chronicle and the Philadelphia Daily News . In 2008 , he was part of the Washington Post team that won the Pulitzer Prize for its breaking news coverage of the previous year 's shooting rampage at Virginia Tech . Vargas got bylines on two of the nine stories the Pulitzer board cited . "  Over the past 14 years , I 've graduated from high school and college and built a career as a journalist , interviewing some of the most famous people in the country , " he wrote in his 2011 magazine piece . "  On the surface , I 've created a good life . I 've lived the American dream . But I am still an undocumented immigrant . " Vargas : Undocumented and hiding in plain sight Share your immigration story	Homeland Security says Jose Antonio Vargas has a notice to appear in court Officials say he was detained after telling authorities he was in the country illegally The journalist wrote last week that he suspected he might not get out of McAllen , Texas At 12 , Vargas came to the U.S. illegally with a man he 'd never met , he wrote in 2011
CNN  -- Portugal striker Cristiano Ronaldo has been unveiled as Real Madrid 's new number 9 , in front of 80,000 passionate fans at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium , after his world record $ 130 million move from Manchester United . Cristiano Ronaldo is paraded in front of 80,000 passionate supporters at a packed Bernabeu stadium . The event marked the culmination of a two-year pursuit of the player by the Spanish club , which defied the global downturn with exorbitant spending to capture the man voted the world 's best footballer by world governing body FIFA . "  I have made my childhood dream a reality -- to play for Real Madrid , " Ronaldo told the packed stands . "  I am just so happy to be here , " he said to a rapturous reception from the gathered thousands . "  I really did n't expect a jam-packed stadium -- this is truly impressive . " Watch tens of thousands greet Ronaldo " Ronaldo is the fourth major signing of the close season by Real , as the club , fueled by the financial muscle of returning president and property magnate Florentino Perez , aims to recapture the glory that has seen them win more European Cups than any other side . The transfer of Brazil 's Kaka and defender Raul Albiol was followed by the arrival of French striker Karim Benzema from Lyon on Thursday , as Perez assembles a second wave of "  galacticos , " following his previous success with big-names such as David Beckham and Zinedine Zidane . Benzema 's transfer fee is reported to be in the region of $ 60 million , taking Madrid 's spending to an astonishing $ 300 million this in recent months . Perez claimed Monday 's event "  might not have a precedent . " "  We are very satisfied to know that you made the firm decision to play for Real Madrid , " Perez said . He told Ronaldo what to expect from his new adoring fans , adding : "  They will ask of you the very best , but will also give you their all . " The attendance at the Santiago Bernabeu stadium swamped the estimated 55,000 that watched Kaka 's unveiling last Tuesday , and is believed to be the biggest turnout for a presentation since a reported 75,000 saw the arrival of Diego Maradona at Napoli from Barcelona in 1984 . Watch fans line up before Ronaldo 's unveiling " Earlier , Ronaldo successfully completed his medical with Madrid after landing in the Spanish capital just after midday . Carlos Diez , Real Madrid 's medical chief , told teh club 's Web site : "  Ronaldo  is in perfect condition and very eager to start the season as soon as possible . " Ronaldo had already undergone initial medical tests with the Spanish giants while on holiday in Portugal last month , which the player claimed at the time had gone "  perfectly " . Diez added : "  He has an extraordinary cardiac and lung capacity . We have complemented everything that we already did in Portugal and done all the specific tests . "  Now we will be able to start working using an individual plan in order to improve his performance . For him  Ronaldo  , it 's a dream , and this dream starts to convert into reality from now . " The number nine jersey was recently vacated by Argentine striker Javier Saviola who joined Portuguese side Benfica last month .	Portuguese winger Cristiano Ronaldo is unveiled as Real Madrid 's new No. 9 Ronaldo paraded in front of thousands of supporters at the Santiago Bernabeu Real Madrid have paid Manchester United world record $ 130 million for player
Jizan , Saudi Arabia  CNN  Driving out of the sleepy Saudi seaside town of Jizan at dawn , I had no idea what to expect . I 'd been asking the Saudi Interior Ministry to take me there for several years . Now I was in the desert kingdom covering King Salman bin Abdulaziz 's ascent to the throne , and that permission had finally come through . In the past few weeks , Houthi rebels have taken control of Yemen 's capital , pushing the country ever closer to "  failed state " status and giving the al Qaeda franchise there -- al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula , or AQAP -- a greater foothold . The Saudi minister of interior , now second-in-line to the throne , has a personal stake in seeing AQAP eradicated . The terror group 's top bomb-maker put a sophisticated bomb in his own brother 's rectum , exploding it when the brother met the leading royal a few years ago . The brother died , the minister was only lightly injured . This is the same bomb-maker who made the underpants bomb that came close to bringing down an airliner over Detroit on Christmas Day 2009 . Despite extensive drone campaigns targeting him , he is believed to still be alive and remains a significant global threat . There is no doubt in anyone 's mind here that al Qaeda in Yemen will use any chance it gets to export terror over the border to their northern neighbor , with the royal family being the targets of choice . Col. Omar al Kahtani , our escort for the day , was in a voluble mood as we sped toward the looming mountains that mark the border . "  Anything could happen , " he told us . "  Be ready with your camera . " Gun battles are rare on this border , he said , but only three weeks earlier , on Saudi 's northern frontier , ISIS fighters broke through the defenses , killing three Saudi soldiers , including their commander . The gun battle , footage of which was posted on the Internet , was a salutary reminder that the desert kingdom , the West 's biggest regional partner in fighting the terror groups , is surrounded by battle-hardened enemies . This corner of the country is remarkably green . Relatively lush vegetation -- in Saudi terms , at least -- sprouts in profusion from the semi-arid fields . As our four-wheel-drive truck swung through the rickety metal gate , marking the edge of the border exclusion zone , we got our first taste of what has mostly been a hidden war down here . A sprawling Saudi village of large ornate villas came into view . Pretty , until we got close , when we realized the buildings were all shot up . Rockets had torn gaping holes in the walls and gardens were overgrown with spindly tentacles of creepers that slowly consumed the once-vibrant homes . Our host explained this was a village overrun by Houthi rebels from Yemen six years ago . In a three-week battle , Saudi Apache gunships had nearly destroyed the hamlet in the battle to save it . The government moved the residents away , creating a buffer between them and their fractious neighbor . As we drive on , he tells us Yemen 's security is worsening and Saudi Arabia is spending almost $ 3 billion on beefing up border security . Our trucks are bumping and slipping their way up the newly cut rough rock tracks . At moments , it feels as if we are almost climbing vertically . These mountains are as rugged and rough as they are beautiful . Villages cling precariously to their higher reaches . No fence reaches up this far , the tiny smattering of guards solidifies the impression that at these altitudes , border control works on an honor system . No line on a map will stop these mountain men from rounding up their stray goats . Even from the roadside I can see tiny footpaths crisscrossing the steep terrain from Yemen to Saudi and back . In the foothills , control is much more effective . Watch towers are equipped with thermal imaging equipment , super zoom cameras watching over mile upon mile , and layer upon layer of razor wire . It needs to be like this . What we saw was staggering . I had no idea so many people and such a massive amount of drugs are moving over the border every day . At our first stop , we saw two men captured that day . We saw another one caught soon after . Then a whole vanload , about a dozen people crowded inside a mesh cage welded to a pickup truck . One of them was just 11 years old . They all told us they had come to Saudi for work . The 11-year-old was earning about $ 100 a month on a supermarket till in Jizan . All told the same story : about poverty and increasing chaos in Yemen and the Houthis getting stronger . The risk of jail in Saudi , they said , was better than the certainty of poverty in Yemen . Our government escort told us they 'd all be sent to the nearest large police station where they would be fingerprinted and officials would check their records to make sure none had ties to terrorism . The men -- and they were all men -- admitted that sneaking over the border is getting much harder amid the increase in guard posts and border fences . Border guards told us in the past three months alone , they have picked up 42,000 people along the 800-kilometer  about 500 miles  border . Of course we are unable to verify that figure , but if the volume of illegal migrants we saw in the morning was shocking , then the afternoon was mind-blowing . We were taken to a room where three children were standing with bundles of qat , the narcotic shrub that most Yemenis chew every day , at their feet . The youngest , a 10-year-old , told me drug barons pay him $ 50 for hauling 10-kilos  about 22 lbs  of the green leaves over the border . It 's the second time he has been caught . I was told that the boy , who had been given a banana and a bottle of water by the guards , would be taken back to the border and told to return home . All three looked small for their age . No one , particularly them , doubted they would be back . Unemployment among younger people is running at 40 % in Yemen , likely higher in their villages . Putting food on the table at the end of the day is as far ahead as they think . Between them , they had been caught with about 30 kilos of the narcotic . Piled up outside the guard post were several tons more -- the haul of the past week , or so we were told . I 'd seen similar piles outside many of the other posts we 'd already visited . According to statistics given to us at the Jizan headquarters of the border guards , qat is a multi-million-dollar business . In the last three months , they say , they have seized more than 500,000 tons along the border , with a street value close to $ 100 million . They also showed us 50 kg of cannabis resin they had confiscated that day . Over the past three months , more than 6,000 kg of hashish -- with a street value in Saudi of about $ 36 million -- had been seized , we were told . Guns and ammunition are also smuggled in : 2,562 weapons have been seized in the past three months , as well as 380,088 rounds of ammunition , the border guards said . And the list goes on . And so did our day and the near-continual stream of infiltrators . The problem for the Saudis is that they can not ignore this deluge . Any one of the thousands they stop could be a terrorist . Said Kouachi , one of the Charlie Hebdo attackers in Paris , is believed to have slipped in to Yemen not far from Saudi 's border , making his way there for terror training from Oman . The attack he and his brother carried out also shows the lengths that AQAP is willing to go to in order to export terror . Hajj pilgrimages to Islam 's two holiest sites , Mecca and Medina , draw millions of Muslims to the kingdom . Knowing who comes and who goes is vital . As the sun began to set , we jumped in police gun trucks as another group of men were spotted near the razor wire border fence . Tearing over the bumpy ground , we raced to intercept them . Surprisingly , they did n't run . They know they 'll be freed soon , and from what we saw none of the six were beaten or abused . Within minutes , as we were driving away , the sun sinking over the horizon and our day done , we thought we passed another eight men being caught . We stopped as police emptied the men 's pockets . Cheap cellphones , not much else . They were illegal workers on their way back to homes in Yemen after weeks of work in Saudi , their wages already sent over the border by local money exchangers . It was already darkening as we pulled away , once again trying to set off back to Jizan . And yet again , we stopped as we saw a group of guards searching two small figures . More child qat smugglers , rope and sack bags on their backs bulging with the big wraps that protect the delicate green leaves . Each boy carrying bundles with the drug baron 's name on them . Later , when we finally did get back to Jizan , we ate dinner sitting on rugs next to the Red Sea : fish , meat , salads , bread and Saudi "  champagne , " non-alcoholic fizzy grape juice . This is a land of plenty , Yemen is not . Stanching the human tide flowing over the border is only going to get more difficult , and finding the terrorist hiding in so much human misery even harder . Victoria Eastwood and Brad Olson contributed to this report .	In the past few weeks , Houthi rebels have taken control of Yemen 's capital The move pushes country closer to failed state status , giving al Qaeda greater foothold Nic Robertson joins Saudi border police trying to staunch the human tide
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal and Roger Federer remain on course for a semifinal clash at the Australian Open after both men recorded straight sets victories in Melbourne on Sunday . Nadal , the 2009 champion , defeated fellow Spaniard Feliciano Lopez 6-4 6-4 6-2 while 16-time grand slam winner Federer breezed past Australian teenager Bernard Tomic 6-4 6-2 6-2 . Federer , the world number three , will now face Juan Martin Del Potro after the Argentinean enjoyed a comfortable 6-4 6-2 6-1 victory over German Philipp Kohlschreiber . Nadal will meet Tomas Berdych in the last eight as the Czech overcame a tough encounter with Spanish tenth seed Nicolas Almagro to win 4-6 7-6 7-6 7-6 . Federer rarely broke sweat against Tomic , breaking his opponent six times in a victory that took him just one hour and 44 minutes to record . He told reporters : "  Maybe the score suggested differently , but I thought we had a lot of long games , tough points , and I thought he did actually really well . " Federer will now face Del Potro -- the man who beat him in the 2009 U.S. Open final -- and the 30-year-old admitted he was in for a tough encounter . "  I think it 's going to be a good match . I think he 's coming back awfully strong again , " Federer said ahead of his 1000th Tour match . "  I was sad to see that he was out for so long after his amazing year in 2009 and I thought he had a chance in 2010 to sort of make a run for world number one . " Del Potro looked in imperious form as he dismantled the unseeded Kohlschreiber . "  Roger is the best tennis player of the history , and of course he 's the favorite , " he said . "  I remember three years ago I played in the quarters against him and I only won three games . So if this time is something different and I win more games it is going to be OK for me . " Nadal enjoyed his 11th win against Lopez in 13 meetings and said he feels in better condition than the last two Australian Open tournaments , where injuries hampered his progress . "  I 've started the tournament playing really well this time . I felt I 've played well from the first match and today I played another complete match , " Nadal said . "  Now I 'm in the quarter-finals . I am doing the right things . I am in the right place , right moment . " There was controversy in Berdych 's win as the Czech refused to shake hands with Almagro at the end of the game after claiming his opponent had deliberately hit the ball at him . Berdych was booed off by the Melbourne crowd after he had to rely on three tiebreak wins to progress into the quarters . He claimed Alamgro targeted him as they rallied at the net . "  Probably whoever has played tennis knows that the court is pretty big , and you always have some space to put the ball in , " he told reporters . "  He should play the ball differently . That 's it . "  I think maybe we both did some mistakes . So it 's even , and that 's it , " he said . "  We do n't have any problems at all , " Monday 's action sees number one seed Novak Djokovic take on home favorite Lleyton Hewitt while British fourth seed Andy Murray takes on unseeded Mikhail Kukushkin from Kazakhstan . The other last 16 ties see Spaniard David Ferrer , seeded five , take on 17th seed Richard Gasquet , from France and sixth seed Jo-Wilfried Tsonga play Japanese 24th seed Kei Nishikori .	Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal both cruise into the Australian Open quarterfinals Number three seed Federer dispatches Australian Bernard Tomic in straight sets Federer will now face Juan Martin Del Potro after Argentine beat Philipp Kohlschreiber Nadal beats Feliciano Lopez in straight sets to book clash with Tomas Berdych
CNN  -- An angry bunch of Americans has taken to the streets to protest government spending and the direction of the nation , and judging by the massive media coverage , it 's as if we have been invaded by a foreign entity , marching on state capitals and Washington ready to lead a coup d'tat against our elected officials . The rise of the Tea Party is being chronicled as a threat to democracy , or a grassroots collective unlike anything we have seen in many years . As Public Enemy wisely put it with their hit song in 1988 , "  Do n't Believe the Hype ! " First , let 's deal with the Tea Party haters . Please , shut up . How can any liberal , progressive , moderate or conservative be mad about a group of Americans taking to the streets to protest the actions of the country ? What they are engaged in is constitutional . The freedom to assemble , march , walk , scream and yell is right there in the document we all abide by . Do I object to idiots holding up clearly racist signs , as well as the stupidity of images of President Obama as Hitler ? Of course . That ignorance detracts from whatever commentary they are trying to make on the status of the nation . When I debated Tea Party leader Mark Williams on CNN 's Anderson Cooper 360 show a few months ago , I was appalled when he was unwilling to say that if someone came to one of his rallies with a racist sign , he would tell them to take it down . He tried to invoke the First Amendment , but he was clearly offering people comfort for such shenanigans . But it 's clear that most of the folks attending Tea Party rallies are not bigots and homophobes . There are ignorant fools in all groups , and the Tea Party is no different . If anyone wants to oppose the Tea Party for spreading misinformation , do that . But to assert that it 's wrong to take part in civic engagement is utterly silly . The best of this country came out of the action of those in the streets . For those who oppose the Tea Party , you have every right to gather with those who agree with you and take to the streets . If they oppose the policies of President Obama , and you support them , demonstrate your support for his agenda . Do n't whine about someone else making noise . Men and women , stand up and be heard . And if you want to oppose the Tea Party , do so on the facts . It 's laughable when a Tea Partier laments taxes in the U.S. when , for the middle class , they are virtually at their lowest level in more than 50 years . To suggest that 95 percent of Americans did n't get a tax cut in President Obama 's first year is just dead wrong . The reality is that the Tea Party is more aligned with Republicans . According to a CBS News / New York Times poll released last week , 18 percent of Americans say they view themselves as a member of the Tea Party ; 54 percent are Republicans ; and 89 percent are white . Sen. John McCain received 59 million votes to Obama 's 69 million votes . Those 59 million voters did n't move to Canada or Mexico , so they are predisposed to oppose the president 's agenda . So what we really have here is a group of people who are more likely than not to support GOP candidates nationwide . I do n't view the Tea Party as being some new entity that is drawing out disenfranchised voters who have long been absent from the process . They are no different in 2010 than what MoveOn.org was in 1998 : a group of disgruntled Americans operating outside of the traditional two-party apparatus and expressing their own self-interests . I more than welcome the Tea Party folks . Protesting is America at its finest . But I 'm also not fooled one bit by them . They are a rowdy , loud and forceful bunch filled largely with Republicans who oppose the policies of the president . Nothing wrong with that . There were a bunch of rowdy , loud and forceful liberals and progressives taking to the streets to oppose the policies of President George W. Bush . Folks , this is n't a radical transformation of the nation shaping up . It 's the latest effort by citizens primarily in one party or professing one ideology to rise up and allow their voices to be heard . And that 's a good thing . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland S. Martin .	Tea Party supporters have protested against taxes , big government Roland Martin says their protests should be welcomed as expression of basic rights He says Tea Party supporters should note taxes on middle class are at historically low levels Martin : Those who disagree with Tea Party should demonstrate to air their views
Washington  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people turned out on Washington 's National Mall on Sunday to support the Obama administration in its next big battle , a renewed effort to overhaul U.S. immigration laws . Speaking by video to the crowd , President Obama said he would do "  everything in my power " to get a bipartisan deal within the year . "  You know as well as I do that this wo n't be easy , and it wo n't happen overnight , " Obama said . "  But if we work together across ethnic , state and party lines , we can build a future worthy of our history as a nation of immigrants and a nation of laws . " Obama 's appearance was followed by comments from Gustavo Torres , executive director of the Baltimore-based immigrant advocacy group CASA de Maryland . Torres told the crowd , "  Mr. President , we are going to hold you accountable . " Though overshadowed by the historic debate on health care taking place in the nearby halls of Congress , Sunday 's rally set the stage for a revival of efforts to reshape U.S. immigration law . The issue has been largely sidelined since a similar push by the Bush administration failed in 2007 . "  You are a spectacular sight , " Ali Noorani , chairman of the coalition that organized the demonstration , told the crowd . Noorani said the rally had drawn more than 150,000 people "  from across the country , and we are demanding comprehensive immigration reform now . " Noorani 's figure could not be verified immediately . The crowd packed more than two blocks of the Mall between the Capitol and the Washington Monument . Then-President George W. Bush supported a bipartisan effort to overhaul U.S. immigration laws four years ago , proposing to set up a path to legal status for the estimated 11 million people in the United States without authorization . But those measures were criticized as establishing amnesty for illegal immigrants , and legislation Bush supported died with a Senate filibuster -- one led by members of his own party but joined by more than a dozen Democrats . Sunday 's event followed last week 's publication of a new plan backed by Sen. Charles Schumer , D-New York , and Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina . The plan would create a "  tough but fair " path to legalization , as well as a temporary worker program and tighter border controls , the sponsors wrote in a Washington Post opinion piece Friday . Obama called the senators ' plans promising and said it should be the basis for moving forward . He called on Congress to act on that plan at the earliest possible opportunity . Obama 's push on immigration also helped secure a key vote for his health care bill . Rep. Luis Gutierrez , D-Illinois , announced his support for the bill after receiving a commitment to move forward on immigration "  as soon as possible . " "  The wait is over . The time is now , " Gutierrez told Sunday 's rally . "  We 're ready to turn our hope into victory . " CNN 's Sandra Endo contributed to this report .	Demonstrators call for overhaul of U.S. immigration laws Push comes four years after failed effort at reform Two senators recently proposed new plan , calling for "  tough but fair " path to legalization President has called on Congress to act on plan "  at earliest possible opportunity "
London  CNN  -- Pakistani schoolgirl Malala Yousufzai stood with the aid of nurses Friday for the first time since her shooting and is "  communicating very freely , " according to the director of the UK hospital where she is undergoing treatment . Malala ca n't talk because she has a tracheotomy tube inserted to protect her airway , which was swollen after her gunshot injury , but she is writing coherent sentences , said Dave Rosser , director of University Hospitals Birmingham . "  We have no reason to believe she wo n't be able to talk when the tube is out , which may be in the next few days , " he said . She "  is not out of the woods yet " but is doing very well , he added . Taliban stifle media over Malala attack The latest progress report -- more detailed than previous updates -- suggests that the girl shot after she defied the Taliban by insisting on the right of girls to go to school could make a good recovery . There "  is certainly physical damage to the brain " from the bullet that entered Malala 's head , Rosser said , but she appears to be functioning well intellectually and has the motor control to stand , with help from nurses . Malala : A global symbol but still just a kid "  Whether there 's any subtle intellectual or memory deficits down the line , it 's too early to say , " he said . Queen Elizabeth Hospital released the first photographs of Malala since she was admitted on Sunday after being flown from Pakistan . She looks bruised and wan but clearly conscious . Rosser said Malala , who is aware of her surroundings and appears to have some memory of what happened , had agreed that the hospital could tell the public more about her medical condition . "  She is keen that people share the details . She is also keen that I thank people for their support and their interest , because she 's obviously aware of the amount of interest this is generating around the world , " he said . One of the first things she asked nurses Tuesday afternoon , as she gradually regained consciousness , was what country she was in , he said . Social media : Messages for Malala "  There is every sign that she understands why she 's here , " he said . "  It 's a very difficult position for her , because she 's gone from being on her school bus , and the next thing she will be consciously aware of is being in a strange hospital in a different country . So she seems to have understood why she is no longer in Pakistan and what is happening to her . " Malala has spoken to hospital staff in Urdu and seems to understand English , he said . Many well-wishers have sent messages of support for the teen , and the hospital has set up a bank account for donations . In terms of Malala 's care , the key concern for doctors at present is to treat signs of infection probably related to the path the bullet took through her body , Rosser said . The bullet entered above the back of her left eye , traveled down through her jaw and into her left shoulder , lodging in the tissue above her shoulder blade , he said . Her skull and jaw were damaged by its passage . MRI scans also show that the bullet grazed the side of her brain , he said , although in such cases , most of the damage tends to be caused by shock waves from the shot . Girl shot alongside Malala haunted by attack The hospital is trying to arrange for the 15-year-old to listen to her father on the phone , although she can not speak because of the tracheotomy tube , he added . Malala is likely to spend another couple of weeks recovering before the team of specialists considers reconstructive surgery on her skull , using either a piece of bone that was initially removed or a titanium plate , Rosser said . She may also need surgery on her jaw joint . Malala inspires others to fight for education "  It certainly would be over-optimistic to say there wo n't be any further problems , but it is possible she will make a smooth recovery , " he said , adding that she probably faces weeks in the hospital even if all goes well . Doctors and nurses are trying very hard to limit communication to her medical needs rather than risk setting back her recovery by discussing the trauma of the attack , he said . The shooting in the northwestern district of Swat last week , which left Malala battling to recover from her injuries , generated a wave of shock and anger in Pakistan and around the world . The Taliban quickly claimed responsibility for the act , but they did n't appear to have anticipated the level of revulsion and condemnation that it would provoke . Thousands of people joined in rallies across Pakistan in support of the wounded teen , and calls have grown for a strong response from the government . Authorities are investigating the attack and say they have made a number of arrests . Attack on Malala galvanizes anti-Taliban feeling	NEW : Hospital releases first photographs of Malala since she was admitted for treatment Malala understands where she is and wants to thank people for their support , hospital says Malala is communicating through written notes ; she ca n't talk because of a tracheotomy tube She was shot after she defied the Taliban by insisting on girls ' right to education
CNN  -- Looking for love , or perhaps just for some cafeteria food or spelling lessons , an alligator was found Monday inside a middle school in suburban Tampa , Florida . Tampa Police were notified around 7 a.m. that the gator had set itself down in a prime spot , "  in front of the cafeteria " in Stewart Middle School , the department said in a written statement . Although school does not let out for another week , no children were inside the school when the reptile was discovered , said Hillsborough County School District spokesman Steve Hegarty . The school is near the Hillsborough River , so it 's not too far-fetched to think an alligator might make its way inside , Hegarty said . Still , he does n't recall any similar incidents . "  The gator was contained in one of the hallways , " police said . Trappers from the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission caught the creature . No one was injured . It 's currently alligator mating season . According to the conservation commission 's website , alligator "  courtship " begins in early April , with mating occurring in May or June .	Alligator was trapped inside school by wildlife experts Stewart Middle School is near the Hillsborough River It 's currently gator mating season
Although it may have been Jon and Kate Gosselin 's unusual family that landed them a reality show , it is their marital problems -- to which much of their audience can likely relate -- that have made them a household name in recent weeks . Jon and Kate Gosselin 's marital problems have give their TLC show record-breaking ratings . During the previous four seasons of TLC 's Jon & Kate Plus Eight , the couple has bickered , eye-rolled , and jabbed its way through adventures in rearing now 9-year-old twins and now 5-year-old sextuplets . In this past Monday 's record-breaking fifth-season premiere  9.8 million viewers  , Jon and Kate finally addressed the very topic that has kept them on tabloid covers for weeks : Their marriage is on the rocks . Even without the stress of eight children , rolling cameras , and public scrutiny , all couples encounter tension in their relationships . Below , five trigger points that have tested Jon and Kate in their reality-TV run -- and how to make sure the same stressors do n't take a toll on your relationship . Stress trigger No. 1 : A growing family Whether you 're bringing home one new baby or six , expanding your brood requires adjustment . Sleep deprivation can trigger depression and anxiety , said Dr. Ken Robbins , a clinical professor of psychiatry at the University of Wisconsin . New moms are also at risk for postpartum depression , and both parents will likely feel stretched for time . Health.com : 4 Myths about healthy sex Then there 's the issue of intimacy , which will undoubtedly be affected with children in the house . "  Sex lives of people who have children are worse -- there 's data to prove it , " said Dr. Andrew Goldstein , an obstetrician and gynecologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine and the author of Reclaiming Desire . "  But a relationship is not like a job where you just have to accomplish what is necessary ; you ca n't just put it on autopilot . " Smart solutions : Couples need to work together to find creative ways to support and appreciate each other through this transition .  Adjust sleep schedules so that one partner sleeps while the other is awake with the baby .  When possible , get a friend or relative to occasionally help out at night so mom and dad have some time to cultivate their relationship one-on-one . Especially as kids get older , make sure they understand that mom and dad need time to themselves .  Be aware of the signs of postpartum depression like appetite changes , trouble concentrating , loss of energy , and hopelessness . Health.com : 6 Rules for a healthy postpartum slim-down  Make activities that promote mental health -- such as exercise and social time -- a top priority . Stress trigger No. 2 : Career changes Before Jon & Kate Plus Eight , the Gosselins worked like the rest of us -- she as a nurse , he as an IT consultant . But things have changed since their family morphed into reality-show fodder , with Kate parlaying her notoriety into a career that includes two books , television appearances , and publicity tours . "  Kate 's career has taken off and I 'm a bit lost , " Jon told People magazine in April . Any couple going through a similar change -- whether one partner loses a job or takes on a new one -- can experience tension in the relationship . Smart solutions : Couples should speak honestly and listen carefully to each other to see if a career change has affected their relationship .  The partner who is earning less money may struggle with a diminished self-esteem and feel extra sensitive , while the other may feel resentful about being the primary breadwinner . But both partners need to respect the other 's role and recognize their situation as shared . In the case of Jon and Kate , "  the only reason she can do what she does is because he probably takes care of the kids while she 's giving a lecture , " Goldstein pointed out .  Find family and friends dealing with this same issue . Talking about shared struggles can help couples gain perspective and give them a chance to feel good about using their experience to help others .  If one partner is out of work , he or she should be encouraged to pursue a new skill set and stay intellectually and physically active . This will improve his or her role within the family and may open new doors in the future . Health.com : Help ! My spouse has ADHD Stress trigger No. 3 : Intrusive in-laws Although most couples do n't have extended family announcing their disapproval on national television , it is certainly not uncommon for couples to elicit criticism from relatives over how they 're raising their children . When people come together as a couple , they bring their own family 's rules and ways of doing things with them , said Robbins . Smart solutions : Family members may have their own ideas about everything from how often you should go out to eat to what religion to observe to whether or not it is appropriate for children to appear on national television . And in all likelihood , both sets of grandparents may disagree . But you do not have to end up in a war over whose rules , if any , you will adopt .  First , listen to your in-laws . But in the end , decide as a couple which rules and guidelines are in your  and your children 's  best interest .  Talk to each other . If one partner is under more scrutiny , it 's important that the other listen carefully and that both talk about how they may be affected .  Present a united front to your extended family . It is crucial that they know you stand together . Stress trigger No. 4 : You pick on each other Kate has famously criticized Jon for breathing too loudly . He continually seems irritated by her neat streak . "  When couples begin to argue over small things , it usually means they have not resolved a more important problem , " said . Robbins . Smart solutions : Since the partner who is doing the picking may not even be aware of his or her behavior , the onus in this situation is on the person who feels disrespected .  In a calm moment , sit your partner down and ask him or her if there is something you have done that is troubling them . Be clear about why you feel mistreated and be specific in your examples .  If you 're the one doing the criticizing , first consider how much actual damage your partner 's annoying habit can do , said Goldstein . "  If your spouse is text messaging while driving , that 's worth talking about . If someone slurps when they drink -- well , you have to weigh the cost of the criticism versus the change that you 're going to get . " Health.com : How to care for and cope with a bipolar spouse  Do n't give up . It may take some discussion to figure out what is really going on , but in the end it can prevent unnecessary and unproductive conflict . Stress trigger No. 5 : Infidelity The tabloids have been buzzing with reports of Jon 's and Kate 's alleged indiscretions , which they have both denied . But it raises a common question for many couples -- what constitutes an inappropriate relationship ? Smart solutions : Do n't put yourself in situations that you 're not comfortable discussing openly with your partner -- even if they do n't technically involve cheating . Every couple has to develop its own definition of what is appropriate and what is not .  Sit down and talk about what relationships were like in your family when you were growing up . Maybe you 're comfortable with your partner going out for lunch at work with a member of the opposite sex , but not for happy hour . Be open about what feels "  normal " to you .  Do n't be constrained by other people 's ideas of what is right and wrong . This is a private matter for the couple to agree on .  If a line has been crossed , you need to decide together if the marriage is salvageable . If both members feel that there is a possibility of working things out , seeing a professional can help you sort out the feelings you are left with and move past them . Enter to win a monthly Room Makeover Giveaway from MyHomeIdeas.com Copyright Health Magazine 2009	Jon and Kate Gosselin 's marital problems are what audience likely can relate to Even without eight children , all couples encounter tension in relationships Five trigger points have tested Jon and Kate ; tips on preventing the stressors
CNN  A Transportation Security Administration committee concluded that full screening of airport employees nationwide would not lower the overall risk to the public , according to a report released Monday . The report by the TSA 's Aviation Security Advisory Committee said that full employee screening would not "  appreciably increase the overall system-wide protection . " Email your story ideas and tips to CNNtips@cnn.com . Full physical screening of employees also "  is incapable of determining a person 's motivations , attitudes and capabilities to cause harm , among other limitations . " "  No single measure can provide broad-spectrum protection against risks or adversaries , " the report said . "  Therefore , risk-based , multi-layered security offers the greatest ability to mitigate risks through the application of flexible and unpredictable measures to protect commercial aviation . " The TSA and most airports could not afford 100 % employee screening , the report said . Only two major airports in the U.S. -- Miami and Orlando -- require employees to be screened through metal detectors , a CNN investigation found earlier this year . As a result of the report , TSA Secretary Jeh Johnson announced immediate actions , including criminal background checks every two years for all airport aviation workers , screening of airline and airport employees traveling as passengers , reduction of access points to secure areas at all airports and increased random screening of aviation employees . Johnson requested the TSA study after a Delta Air Lines ramp worker and passenger at Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport were arrested in December for allegedly smuggling guns onto flights to New York . Since the incident , the airport has hired private security to check the bags of employees when they show up for work and has increased overall security . "  Immediately following the incident in December 2014 , TSA increased the random and unpredictable screening of aviation workers at various airport access points to mitigate potential security vulnerabilities , " Johnson said in a statement . Sen. Charles Schumer called Johnson 's announcement "  a prompt response and a significant first step to closing the gaping loopholes in airport security , especially with regard to reducing access points and enhancing criminal background checks . " Specifically , the TSA report said employee vetting should be strengthened by "  updating the list of disqualifying criminal offenses , instituting continuous activity monitoring through the inclusion of additional Federal Bureau of Investigation  FBI  and DHS data sources , and maintaining a national database of airport employees whose credentials have been revoked for cause . " In addition , the TSA should expand the collection of domestic intelligence , which would include monitoring social media , and expand national reward programs to encourage employees to report security issues , the report said . "  Although there is no perfect security system , the multiple layers -- which can be routinely enhanced or modified -- provide an effective means to secure passengers , employees and facilities , " the report said . It also recommended increased surveillance of employees who work inside baggage rooms and cargo areas . CNN revealed this month that passengers filed 30,621 claims from 2010 to 2014 for valuables that were missing from luggage . The TSA report agreed with a 2008 Homeland Security study that found random screening was more cost-effective than mandatory airport employee screening . The committee that conducted the TSA study consisted of representatives from the TSA , airports , airlines , airline pilots , aviation security and law enforcement . Rep. John Katko , R-New York and chairman of the House Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security , said , "  As threats to aviation security continue to evolve , it is critical that the Transportation Security Administration , as well as the airport community , are adequately prepared to mitigate insider threats . I look forward to having a meaningful dialogue with airport stakeholders and the TSA on what can be done , going forward , to improve employee vetting and screening for those with access to sensitive and sterile parts of airports . " Rep. Kathleen Rice , D-New York , a ranking member of the Transportation Security Committee , said the report makes it clear that the "  TSA must do more to neutralize the insider threat and prevent security breaches like we saw in December . " "  Screening every single employee may not be a cure-all solution , but every single employee should come to work every day with reason to expect that they 'll face random screening and inspections , " she said . Lauren Stover , security director at Miami International Airport , told CNN , "  We support the findings of the committee and agree that there is no single solution in mitigating the insider threat , however we will continue our employee screening program as we believe that physical screening is a critical component to a layered security program . " CNN 's Curt Devine contributed to this report .	A new TSA report advises against full screening of airport workers The report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public
CNN  -- Florida authorities were searching Sunday for a 33-year-old man after his wife and five children were found dead in their Naples home . Mesac Damas pleaded no contest to the misdemeanor battery against Guerline Damas in June . The bodies of Guerline Damas , 32 ; Michzach , 9 ; Marven , 6 ; Maven , 5 ; Megan , 3 ; and Morgan , 11 months , were discovered Saturday , Rambosk said . Authorities have been unable to locate Mesac Damas , who possibly left the country Friday morning and may be in Haiti , Capt. Chris Roberts of the Collier County sheriff 's department said Sunday at a news conference . "  We do n't see at this point any indication of an individual out in the neighborhoods committing additional crimes or homicides , but certainly we will look at every opportunity , " Collier County Sheriff Kevin Rambosk said at an earlier news conference . There had been a "  handful " of domestic disturbance calls to police since 2000 involving the Damas couple , with the latest resulting in the arrest of Mesac Damas in January , Roberts said . Mesac Damas pleaded no contest to the misdemeanor battery against Guerline Damas in June , and Roberts said he does not think Mesac Damas served any jail time for the crime . "  We are still talking to people that knew the family and obviously the ultimate information we need is not so much what happened in the past but what happened when these people died , " Roberts said . The six bodies were found Saturday at about 6:30 p.m. , a day after police had visited the home to check on the family , Roberts said . Watch why authorities are looking for Damas " When a family member had not heard from a resident at the home , the family member asked authorities on Friday to do a welfare check on the house , Roberts said . Responding police knocked on the door but got no answer , he said , but officers saw no indications to arouse their suspicions . The following morning , the family member became more concerned and filed a missing persons report , which authorities took , Rambosk said . Later , authorities requested from property management a key to the house and an authorization to enter . "  When we did , we found the bodies of the individuals , " he said . "  I can tell you that in no uncertain terms this is the most horrific and violent event this community has ever experienced . This is the worst of the worst . " He would not release the manner of death . Rambosk said authorities had recovered Mesac Damas ' vehicle at Miami International Airport , and they believe that he left on a flight to Haiti on Friday . Roberts said collecting and processing evidence can take "  several days , if not weeks . "	Police believe Mesac Damas , 33 , boarded a flight to Haiti on Friday morning Bodies found in home Saturday after relative asked police to check , sheriff says Sheriff : "  Some previous domestic violence , " but Damas not called a suspect
CNN  -- In Paraguay 's capital city of Asuncion , residents amble down the streets with jugs and insulated cups of all shapes and sizes , sipping yerba mate tea through straws .  Or perhaps it 's terere , yerba mate 's cold counterpart , served heavy over ice . Locals and visitors alike might stroll past a food stall hawking bori bori , a thick soup of corn flour dumplings and chicken . There 's also bife koygua to sample , beef smothered with fried onions and topped with a fried egg . The more pescatarian-minded might try a bounty of fish like surubi , a type of bottom-dwelling catfish , and dorado , all straight from the Paraguay River . 14 things to know about Paraguay But almost everyone will want to encounter one of the country 's most intriguing dishes , which came about as a serendipitous failure . Sopa paraguaya , which means Paraguayan soup , is a misnomer . It is not even close to being a soup ; in fact , it 's more akin to a cheesy cornbread . As with any national dish , there is a certain amount of lore that stews around its origin . Legend has it that Carlos Antonio Lopez , the corpulent and corrupt president-cum-dictator of Paraguay from 1841 to 1862 , decided one day to feast upon a nice warming bowl of corn soup . The cook accidentally put too much corn flour in the soup , and what came out was a solid rather than a liquid . Fearing Lopez 's notorious iron fist , the cook decided to slice and serve the cake-like soup with a bit of nationalistic advertising as sopa paraguaya . To the cook 's luck , Lopez liked the marketing and , even more so , the newfangled sopa . Nowadays , its a dish -- the country 's national dish , at that -- most often served at special occasions like Holy Week and weddings , but it 's too good a dish not to make at home from time to time . Sopa Paraguaya Serves 8 Excerpted from "  Mallmann On Fire " by Francis Mallmann  Artisan Books  . Copyright  2014 . Photographs by Santiago Soto Monllor . 2 tablespoons extra virgin olive oil 1 1/4 cups stone-ground yellow cornmeal 3 onions , finely chopped 1 1/2 cups whole milk 3 large eggs , lightly beaten 1 teaspoon coarse salt 1/2 teaspoon freshly ground black pepper 1 teaspoon crushed red pepper flakes , or to taste 1 1/4 cups finely diced fresh mozzarella 1 . Heat an oven to 375 F , with a rack in the lower third . Brush a 9-by-5-by-3-inch loaf pan well with 1 tablespoon of the olive oil and coat with 1/4 cup of the cornmeal . 2 . Heat the remaining 1 tablespoon olive oil in a large skillet over low heat . Add the onions and saute until tender and translucent ; do not let them brown . Set aside to cool to room temperature . 3 . In a medium bowl , mix together the milk , beaten eggs , salt , pepper , red pepper flakes and cooled onions . Sprinkle one-third of the remaining cornmeal evenly over the bottom of the pan . Scatter one-third of the mozzarella evenly over it . Ladle one-third of the milk , egg and onion mixture over the cheese . Repeat two more times . The mixture will look quite wet . 4 . Set the pan on a baking sheet and bake for about 1 hour , until puffed and golden brown and quite fluffy ; do not let it get too firm , or it will be dry . Cool in the pan on a rack . 5 . Run a metal spatula around the sides of the pan to loosen the sopa , place a platter or tray over the top and invert to unmold . See more food news , culture and downright deliciousness on Eatocracy	Sopa paraguaya is the national dish of Paraguay and is n't a soup at all Legend has it that a president 's cook created it by accident Residents of Paraguay sip yerba mate , a type of tea , all day long
With the exception of toilet paper , low-cost airlines have managed to tack a fee on pretty much every formerly complimentary amenity . Checked luggage , of course , was among the first to earn a price tag . U.S. airlines such as Spirit and Frontier are already charging passengers extra for carry-ons . Word has it other airlines will soon follow suit . Airlines sugarcoat these bitter pills with explanations that sound pretty good . "  Spirit Airlines empowers customers to save money on air travel by offering ultra low base fares with a range of optional services , allowing customers the freedom to choose only the extras they value , " says Spirit Airlines . But c'mon -- who does n't value a bag ? If someone is going by plane , presumably they 're going away for at least a night . And presumably they 're going to want to put on a new pair of clothes . A fresh pair of underwear , at the very least . To the rescue of those of us sick of paying baggage fees comes Jaktogo , a company with an innovative way to pull one over on "  the man " -- wearable luggage . "  Only fools pay for extra luggage , " reads the company 's tagline . "  Clever people have a Jaktogo . " What is a Jaktogo , you ask ? It 's a bag that unfolds into a jacket that 's covered in various-sized pockets , allowing travelers to pack everything into their coats . Even their laptop . Adios , luggage fees . There are a few other "  luggage jackets " on the market -- Stuffa Jacket , Rufus Roo , etc -- but Jaktogo appears to be the leader in capacity . The makers say it 's also a handy way to carry things when you 've run out of suitcase space . The wearable bags come in a variety of styles and materials like leather and denim . There 's a dress version . A poncho , too . Prices range from $ 90-319 . Bear in mind , you 're going to have to sacrifice style in the name of savings . The Jaktogo is n't sexy . And we ca n't imagine they 're comfortable . But hey , you already gave up everything else for that cheap flight . Might as well chuck your dignity into the low-cost turbines too . Would you slap on a Jaktogo if it meant avoiding luggage fees ? Share your thoughts below .	"  Only fools pay for extra luggage , " say the makers of Jaktogo Company offers a series of designs that allow travelers to "  wear " their luggage Jaktogo prices range from US$ 90-319 , depending on style and materials
CNN  -- Spanish art dealer Jose Carlos Bergantios Diaz helped persuade wealthy buyers to shell out millions of dollars for works he claimed famous masters of modern art had painted . But in reality , U.S. authorities allege , the works he sold as Rothkos and Pollocks were fakes painted by an artist he met on a Manhattan street corner . The alleged scheme stretched for nearly two decades , involved several New York art galleries and earned the conspirators more than $ 30 million , according to an indictment unsealed in federal court on Monday . Last week , authorities closed in on Bergantios and his brother , arresting them in Spain , federal prosecutors said . The brothers , according to the indictment , face conspiracy and money laundering charges . The painter , Pei Shen Qian , was also indicted . He 's accused of making false statements to FBI agents , conspiracy to commit wire fraud and wire fraud . Investigators believe he fled to China as the alleged scheme started to unravel . The indictment is the latest chapter in a case that 's rattled the modern art world , involving several galleries and wealthy buyers . Galleries made more than $ 80 million off of dozens of fake works , the indictment alleges . And Bergantios and his associates made more than $ 33 million . "  Today 's charges paint a picture of perpetual lies and greed . As alleged , the defendants tricked victims into paying more than $ 33 million for worthless paintings which they fabricated in the names of world-famous artists , " U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said in a statement Monday . "  The Bergantios Diaz brothers then laundered and hid their illegal proceeds overseas . With today 's Indictment , the defendants must now answer for their alleged roles as modern masters of forgery and deceit . " What started with a meeting between Bergantios and Qian on a New York street corner evolved into an elaborate plot , the indictment alleges . Qian would paint works in his home in Queens , New York . Then Bergantios and his associates would peddle them through galleries to unsuspecting buyers who paid millions , the indictment says . The alleged forged works purported to be paintings by famous artists , including Mark Rothko , Jackson Pollock , Willem de Kooning , Robert Motherwell and Clyfford Still , the indictment says . But long before the works of art were sold , according to the indictment , Bergantios played a role in the forgeries . To make the paintings more convincing , Bergantios bought old canvases at flea markets , stained newer canvases with tea bags to make them look older and gave Qian old paint to use . Then , after the works were completed , according to the indictment , Bergantios "  subjected many fake works to various processes , such as heating them , cooling them , and exposing them to the elements outdoors , in an attempt to make the fake works seem older than they actually were . " In at least one instance , the indictment says , Bergantios used a blow dryer to heat up a forged painting . Authorities have said his girlfriend , Glafira Rosales , was a key player in the alleged conspiracy . After pleading guilty last year to charges of conspiracy , wire fraud , money laundering and filing false federal income tax returns , she 's awaiting sentencing in federal court . In an interview with Bloomberg in Shanghai last year , Qian admitted imitating modern masters ' works , but said he never intended to pass them off for profit . In court documents , prosecutors allege he received between several hundred and several thousand dollars for paintings the art dealers and galleries sold for millions . "  I made a knife to cut fruit , " he said , according to Bloomberg . "  But if others use it to kill , blaming me is unfair . " If the lawsuits filed against Bergantios and his associates are any indication , there 's already plenty of finger-pointing over the alleged forgeries . A number of civil cases against him are still pending , according to federal court records . It was not immediately clear whether Bergantios had legal representation or whether Spanish authorities plan to extradite him to the United States . Confiscated art collection returned Missing artworks valued at close to $ 1.5 million Stolen Gauguin and Bonnard art recovered after hanging on a kitchen wall CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report .	Prosecutors allege a New York-based art dealer bilked buyers by selling them forged art Spanish authorities arrested Jose Carlos Bergantios Diaz , federal prosecutors say Investigators allege that he and associates made more than $ 30 million off fake art The painter behind the works was also indicted ; Bergantios met him on a street corner
Throw down some drinks at The Mad Hatter bar in Orlando ? Check . Pull the fire alarm , so about 500 students in Tower 1 on the University of Central Florida campus rush outside , together ? Done . Give them hell ? Those three words were the last item of James Oliver Seevakumaran 's checklist that he made before , authorities say , he would go out with up to 1,000 rounds of ammunition and start shooting , possibly setting off bombs in the process . It was not crossed off . Instead of a mass killing early Monday morning , police reported only one fatality : Seevakumaran . Video released a day later by University of Central Florida police shows the moment officers discovered him . After getting into his suite , they unlocked his room 's door and barged in , yelling and with their weapons raised . It did n't take them long to realize there was no threat . The 30-year-old lay prone on the floor , having killed himself with a handgun . "  All indications are , just like the rest of his life , he was alone , " UCF police Chief Richard Beary said Tuesday . After just more than a day of investigating , authorities have been able to piece together much of what happened . They have seen surveillance video that shows Seevakumaran pulling the alarm , then returning to his room . They recovered weapons and ammunition as well as four homemade bombs and the checklist . They interviewed many who described him as a loner who did n't like to talk to others but was n't viewed as a threat . What they do n't know is why he did what he did . "  There 's no manifesto , there 's no documentation , " Beary said . " ... We have not uncovered anything that would give us a motive or a rationale . " Family calls him ' a loner ' The statement issued Tuesday by Seevakumaran 's family , initially to the Sarasota County , Florida , sheriff 's office , did n't shed much light on his thinking . "  The family of James Oliver Seevakumaran states that James was a loner and did not have a history of violence , " they said . From fall 2010 through fall 2012 , he had been a UCF student . But he was not enrolled for the spring semester , and was in the process of being removed from the dorm room where he lived , school spokesman Grant Heston said . According to Heston , Seevakumaran was never seen by UCF counselors and had not had any student conduct issues . He had one prior contact with law enforcement -- a traffic arrest in 2006 -- the police chief said . One of his roommates , Arabo "  BK " Babakhani , told the UCF student news organization the Knightly News that Seevakumaran would seemingly make an effort to avoid walking near him , that he would n't say anything back when you said hello . "  The only time that he made solid eye contact with me was when he was pulling the gun on me , " the roommate said . That happened as lights were flashing and the alarm was ringing around 12:20 a.m. Monday , inside their suite . Unsure if he could make it to the hallway , Babakhani ran to his room as Seevakumaran raised what he later described as a "  large assault gun " in his direction . "  I just slammed the door , " the roommate told CNN 's Anderson Cooper on Tuesday night . "  I was not going to let him shoot me . " Babakhani said he first locked his door , hid behind a chest of drawers , then got behind a cabinet in the bathroom and called 911 . "  My roommate just pulled a fire alarm , and he 's got a gun out , " he told the dispatcher . While realizing Seevakumaran was far from a rah-rah college student , Babakhani did n't consider him a threat . But in retrospect , the roommate did say he believed Seevakumaran was having money problems from having had his hours cut at a job and that , with seemingly no one to turn to , he might have like he was "  in a corner . " "  I just thought that he kept to himself a lot , " he said , according to audio posted on the Knightly News website . "  I just thought he was a quiet , introverted person . " ' I do n't think you do that as a joke ' Whatever his relatives and acquaintances thought of him , police said they believe that Seevakumaran had devious plans of his own . Waiting for him in the university mail room were two 22-round magazine clips for his semi-automatic rifle , a sling for that weapon , and a training DVD on how to use its laser and shoot it , authorities discovered Tuesday . This is in addition to the ample ammunition -- including drum magazines , one of them found attached to the gun , that can contain 110 bullets each -- that authorities have found . Then there were the bombs , which Beary said he believes Seevakumaran made himself Seevakumaran likely spent about $ 1,000 to buy the guns and ammunition in February , suggesting his plan was set in motion as early as then , the police chief said . Of course , there also was the checklist he 'd drawn up -- and largely followed , albeit apparently hours later than he had planned , after scribbling out items such as "  get drunk " and "  take shower " -- ahead of his death . "  I do n't think ... you purchase 1,000 rounds of ammunition " without a plan , Beary said . "  I do n't think you do that as a joke . " While Seevakumaran is the only one dead , the mere possibility that he would wage an attack has already had an impact . Dorms were evacuated , classes were canceled , and the UCF campus was shut down . Counselors were in Tower 1 and elsewhere to talk with students coming to grips with the drama . School authorities could n't promise that something like this would n't happen again , but they did send out more police on patrol to help students feel safe . "  All of us have a role to play in the welfare of our campus , " school President John C. Hitt said Tuesday in a statement , "  and we will work together to use this experience to make us even more prepared , more alert , and more secure .	James Seevakumaran 's roommate says , "  I was not going to let him shoot me " Seevakumaran , 30 , had about 1,000 rounds of ammo and four homemade bombs , police say Video shows him pulling a fire alarm , then returning to his UCF room where his weapons were Seevakumaran 's family calls him a loner ; authorities do n't know his motive for the alleged plot
No nation is immune to the impact of climate change but it is the world 's poorest that will be hit the hardest . A fair and inclusive global agreement to combat climate change is a moral imperative . Time is of the essence for Africa . World leaders are gathering today in New York for the Climate Summit in an attempt to breathe new life into climate talks , which are now approaching their 21st round . With the Kyoto Protocol deadline fast approaching , it remains to be seen how much international support Africa can leverage to advance its agenda . We all know that enlightened leadership is essential . Politicians must think beyond their tenure . Countries must look beyond their borders . We need a radical rethink of how the world makes and uses energy . But with China and India -- which together account for almost a third of global emissions -- deciding not to attend , it will be a challenge for the Summit to fulfill its potential . In China and India 's absence , small , developing nations must unite . It is they that bear the greatest burden of climate change . We can no longer wait for the world 's dominant powers to act benevolently for the benefit of all humanity . All countries , regardless of their level of development , must look to reduce their own CO2 emissions . We must prevent further warming and reverse the trend . We must act to mitigate the effects of climate change that are already being felt throughout the world . There is no doubt that climate change threatens to derail Africa 's impressive recent growth and compromise the socio-economic gains made over the last decade . Africa 's development relies heavily on climate-sensitive sectors including agriculture , fishing and tourism . Agriculture alone accounts for 30 % of Africa 's GDP and 50 % of the continent 's total exports . Even if the present pledges to limit emissions by 2020 are fulfilled , global temperature is still predicted to increase by 3.5 to 4 degrees Celsius by 2100 . This would lead to a 30 % reduction in rainfall in sub-Saharan Africa , which would be disastrous on a continent in which 96 % of agriculture is rain fed . Persistent drought and flooding are already exacerbating food and water insecurity , threatening livelihoods and health . Severe droughts in the Horn of Africa and the Sahel between 2011 and 2012 saw crops fail and livestock die , leaving 13 million people in need of humanitarian assistance . The effectiveness with which Africa addresses the link between food production , water and energy will determine how many millions are pulled out of poverty in the coming decades . No less than a climate-smart agricultural revolution is needed to guarantee food security . Water management strategies must be developed to protect and rehabilitate groundwater sources and river basins . The energy sector should be geared towards the promotion and adoption of clean and renewable sources of power . And African governments and business leaders must make significant investments in science and technology to support mitigation and adaptation efforts . While international assistance is vital , effective and sustainable solutions must be developed locally . Developing nations have the opportunity to ` do it right . ' Partnerships must be created to share technology and best practice . We must end the specter of national self-interest in a world where climate change knows no boundaries . If emerging economies focus on growth at all costs we risk handing future generations a terrible legacy . There is a wealth of evidence to show that the impact of climate change will be more expensive than the changes needed to halt it . But what is clear is that for the first time Africa is not on the back foot . The continent is beginning to adopt a proactive approach to tackling climate change , empowering its people and strengthening its institutions . The continent 's impressive economic growth , buoyed by an export boom , improved governance and increased foreign investment has fueled the ` Africa Rising ' narrative . By 2050 , a quarter of the global population will be African , and 60 % of Africans will live in cities . The continent is on the cusp of a transformation . Policy makers are developing ambitious plans to create clean and green economies across Africa . Partnerships are being forged between government , the private sector and civil society for the swift implementation of national climate action plans . In the absence of global leadership from those countries which contribute most to climate change , small , developing nations must do what they can to ensure that their interests are represented before it 's too late . Ahead of next year 's crucial U.N. Climate Change Conference in Paris , which will set a new agenda to replace the Kyoto Protocol , it is essential that African countries not only make their voices heard , but they make them count . More from Marketplace Africa	Carlos Lopes : World 's poorest will be hit the hardest by climate change He argues climate change threatens Africa 's recent socio-economic gains Lopes says continent needs to take a more proactive climate approach Big carbon emitters like China and India seem to have lost interest in Kyoto process
CNN  -- Barcelona 's week went from bad to worse Saturday . Three days after it was ousted by Atletico Madrid in the Champions League quarterfinals , Barcelona lost 1-0 at lowly Granada in Spain 's La Liga to give Madrid 's second club a huge boost in the title race . Atletico can move four points clear of Barcelona on Sunday , a lead that would render the teams ' clash on the final day of the season meaningless -- if Real Madrid is out of contention . Real Madrid replaced Barcelona in second by defeating Almeria 4-0 at home later Saturday but was still without the injured Cristiano Ronaldo . Real Madrid has 79 points to match Atletico , though trails through head-to-head record and has played a game more . A combination of inspired goalkeeping by backup Orestis Karnezis and Barcelona misses -- from the likes of Lionel Messi , Neymar and Andres Iniesta -- ensured a night of frustration for Tata Martino 's men , who must pick themselves up in time for Wednesday 's Copa del Rey final against Real Madrid . A headline on Barcelona 's website Saturday proclaimed , ` The ball did n't want to go in . ' Barcelona registered nearly 30 shots but only one player scored in the game : Yacine Brahimi in the 16th minute . Granada entered Saturday three points above the relegation zone . "  This is a step backwards , " Iniesta told Canal Plus . "  Sometimes it 's hard to find an explanation when you lose but we just could n't get the goal . "  Teams like Granada who are playing for their La Liga survival live and die on chances like the one they scored but that was too much punishment for us . "  We tried everything we could to score . It hurts having taken this step backwards with so few matches left . " Surging Atletico visits third-last Getafe on Sunday , hoping to take three more points . Getafe has won once in the league since the end of November . Dortmund wins the German classic After winning the league title in record time in late March , Bayern Munich lost its lengthy unbeaten streak , lost in the league for the first time this season and , some would say , struggled to eliminate Manchester United in the Champions League quarterfinals . Saturday saw another wobble , as Bayern Munich was soundly beaten by Borussia Dortmund 3-0 at home in Germany 's biggest club game . For Dortmund , meanwhile , it was the perfect response to exiting in the Champions League this week to Real Madrid . Henrik Mkhitaryan -- guilty of a miss or two against Real Madrid in the second leg when another Dortmund goal would have forced extra time -- Marco Reus and Jonas Hofmann scored for Dortmund . Bayern Munich ended the evening with 10 men after Rafinha was given a straight red for striking Mkhitaryan in the face in added time but worse news for Bayern was keeper Manuel Neuer 's calf injury . He had to be substituted at halftime . Bayern and Dortmund are expected to meet again this season , in the German Cup finale .	After exiting in the Champions League quarterfinals , Barcelona loses in La Liga Barca beaten by relegation threatened Granada 1-0 on the road on Saturday Real Madrid takes over second spot from Barcelona , downing Almeria 4-0 In Germany , Bayern Munich is humbled 3-0 at home by Borussia Dortmund
HOLLYWOOD , Florida  CNN  -- For nearly three decades , John Walsh 's black leather jackets and swagger have made him a crime-fighting cultural icon . But when he returned this week to the Hollywood police station , he was once again the father of a murdered child . John and Reve Walsh turned their grief into activism on behalf of missing children and crime victims . His face was ashen . His eyes were red and brimming with tears . He clutched the hand of his wife , Reve , as police closed the books Tuesday on their 27-year investigation into his boy 's abduction , murder and decapitation . Ottis Toole , a convicted pedophile and murderer who was a partner of serial killer Henry Lee Lucas , was officially named the killer . Toole died in prison for an unrelated crime in 1996 . After his son 's death , Walsh became an advocate for missing children and crime victims , and host of the TV show "  America 's Most Wanted . " He always thought Toole was the boy 's killer . Now he knows for sure . "  For 27 years , we 've been asking , ` Who can take a 6-year-old boy and murder and decapitate him ? Who ? ' We needed to know , " Walsh said . "  The not knowing has been a torture , but that journey 's over . " "  We will always be the parents of that little boy , " Reve Walsh said . Watch Reve Walsh thank her children " In 1981 , the world seemed to be a much safer place . It was not unusual for parents to let children play outside unattended or to drop them off at parks , malls and schoolyards . After Adam 's murder , his parents went through tough times , separating and later reconciling . They raised three other children , who are now 26 , 24 and 14 . Adam would be 33 . Walsh said the birth of their oldest daughter , Megan , "  probably saved our lives , because she was born a year after Adam -LSB- died -RSB- , when we were spiraling into hell . " Perhaps to save themselves , they made it their mission to preserve Adam 's legacy by helping other crime victims . The abduction and murder of Adam Walsh also fundamentally changed the way law enforcement agencies look for missing children . Chad Wagner , the police chief in Hollywood , where Adam was abducted , said law enforcement back then was "  like a whole ` nuther world . " Watch the chief close the case " Hollywood police were accused of some major blunders in their investigation , and Wagner apologized to the Walshes for those mistakes . The case , he said , "  made us a better agency ... . If this same type of situation were to occur today , I would tell you it would be a much quicker , much better , much cleaner outcome . " "  In 1981 , when Adam disappeared , you could n't enter missing children information into the FBI computer system , " said Ernie Allen , president of the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children . The Walshes are co-founders of the center . "  You could enter information on stolen cars , stolen guns and stolen jewelry , but you could n't enter information on missing children , " he said . Walsh , who before Adam 's murder was a hotel developer , went to Capitol Hill and began a second career as an activist for crime victims . He fought for passage of the 1982 Missing Children 's Act , which created the FBI 's national database . Today , there are at least 80,000 missing children listed in the database . In 1981 , when Adam was taken and killed , there was no coordinated national response to child abductions . The 18,000 police departments across the United States did not effectively communicate . "  Most police departments would tell you he probably just ran away , if he does n't come back , call us in 48 or 72 hours , " Allen said . "  But , what we 've found in 75 percent of cases , the child is dead within the first three hours . Waiting until the day after tomorrow is just too late . " Walsh lobbied for more federal legislation and by 1984 , the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children was up and running . With it came an explosion of activism that resulted in the faces of missing kids being printed on milk cartons and on fliers that have gone into 85 million homes a week for 23 years . There also have been advances in age enhancement photography . "  Code Adam " is now an internal alarm at 70,000 department stores and shops that alerts employees to potential threats to children . The employees are trained to lock the doors when the alarm goes off . "  It 's a powerful example of the legacy of one little boy and his courageous parents , " Allen said . Beyond the technical advances , there are social and cultural changes as well . People have become much more aware of crime , predators and fugitives . The Web site for John Walsh 's show , "  America 's Most Wanted " says it has helped catch 1,049 fugitives . "  Society has built on a lot of the things they have done , " said CNN law enforcement analyst Mike Brooks . There are surveillance cameras at businesses , and Amber Alerts are issued when a child is missing . Walsh "  has helped law enforcement immensely , " Brooks said . "  The more eyes and ears you can get out there looking for a missing person , the better . " The Walshes raised their three other children in an envelope of pain and grief for a sibling they never knew . On Tuesday , the Walsh children , now grown , accompanied their parents to the police station in Hollywood , Florida . They stood silently as their parents clutched hands and fought tears , once again victims , once again the parents of a murdered child .	Murder of Adam Walsh , parents ' response , changed law enforcement Adam , 6 , was abducted and murdered in July 1981 Police closed case Tuesday , named deceased drifter Ottis Toole Boy 's father , John Walsh , became activist for crime victims
CNN  -- Prosecutors say Gary Schultz , a former Penn State vice president who oversaw campus police , held a file that detailed alleged incidents pertinent to the investigation of former football coach Jerry Sandusky , who faces more than 50 counts involving sexual acts with 10 boys since 1994 . Schultz and Tim Curley , Penn State 's former athletic director , have pleaded not guilty to charges of perjury and failing to report an alleged sexual assault of a child . The file , which prosecutors say was initially withheld during the investigation , shows inconsistencies with what Schultz and Curley told a grand jury , according to court documents filed by prosecutors and obtained by CNN on Tuesday . Prosecutors say e-mails from Schultz , Curley and others further contradict that testimony . "  The commonwealth is entirely justified in using those documents as evidence to support the charge of Perjury against Schultz , " the court documents say . Read the document  PDF Tom Farrell , Schultz 's attorney , said , "  To be clear , Mr. Schultz did not possess any secret files . All his files were left behind after he retired and were available to his secretaries and his successor . The only ` secret ' information revealed was the privileged grand jury information inaccurately described by unidentified law enforcement sources to the media . " Curley , 57 , is on leave , and Schultz , 62 , retired after the allegations . Days after the grand jury presentment against Sandusky came to light , Penn State ousted President Graham Spanier and head football coach Joe Paterno amid criticism they could and should have done more . Curley was not immediately available for comment . ` Victim 1 ' testifies in Sandusky trial Who is ` Victim 1 ' ? HLN Sandusky trial overview Penn State said in a statement Tuesday that it "  has responded to several subpoenas and gathered documents from many sources across the institution . " "  As soon as any relevant documents were discovered , the university immediately provided them to the office of the attorney general and the Freeh Group , " it said . "  Out of respect for the ongoing legal process , the university can not discuss specific information as it pertains to these issues . " The firm representing Louis Freeh , a former FBI director investigating the university 's handling of the scandal , also said Tuesday that his office "  discovered these e-mails in the course of its work . " "  These e-mails were then provided to the State Attorney General , consistent with the investigation 's prior commitment to share certain information , " the firm said . "  These materials will be fully discussed in the report to the task force , and beyond that Judge Freeh and the investigation team has no further comment . " CNN 's Susan Candiotti contributed to this report .	NEW : Schultz attorney says his client did not have secret files Penn State says that it immediately provided information to the attorney general Louis Freeh says his office "  discovered these e-mails in the course of its work " Prosecutors say e-mails from Schultz , Curley and others contradict grand jury testimony
CNN  Mention of Dubai usually prompts images of tall buildings , pristine beaches and luxurious hotels . Not graffiti , that 's for sure . So it seems an anomaly , perhaps , that the city should be host to the first gallery in the UAE , and possibly the Middle East , dedicated to the art of the spray can . Not so says Thomas Perreaux-Forest , partner in the groundbreaking venture , Street Art Gallery , in one of Dubai 's more salubrious suburbs . The Frenchman -- smart , handsome , well educated -- is , in some ways , an unlikely champion of such a polarizing genre . He 's the kind of upstanding citizen you might expect to revile youths armed with spray cans . He says the art form goes way beyond graffiti , however . His gallery in Dubai 's Jumeirah neighborhood appears to support his theory , offering spray-painted works an unlikely home in a country largely devoid of graffiti -- and attracting healthy prices . Work at recent exhibitions has been fetching up to and upward of $ 10,000 . Shared passion At any one time there are about 100 pieces on show with exhibitions changing at least once a month . Perreaux-Forest , 43 , and fellow founder and curator Stephane Valici , 45 , knew there would be demand after their shared passion for street art led them to a surprising discovery in the United States . "  We realized when we were going to gallery openings here in Dubai that we could n't really see what we enjoyed and when we found it , it was quite overpriced , " says Perreaux-Forest . "  Then we were talking to galleries in Miami and New York and France and those guys were telling us that people from Dubai came over there to buy artworks . "  This made us think : ` Why not open a gallery ... people who are interested in this cross the Atlantic so it proves there is demand . ' "  It was still a gamble because it is hard to do a market study , but the feedback as soon as we opened was absolutely amazing . " First show , "  Wynwood Goes Dubai , " celebrated a Miami district where street artists are free to spray-paint without hassle from police . "  It 's a very creative place . There 's a big street artist community there and during our last trip we met lots of artists and signed 10 , male and female , from Miami , some from New York and LA. . That exhibition was a sneak preview of their work . " The gallery 's third exhibition , "  Be The Change , " was certainly a departure from what Dubai 's healthy , but largely commercial art scene was used to . It celebrated some of the more brash examples of street art and graffiti , with some work examining public protest . Again , not something the UAE experiences too often . Incendiary inspiration Before long , big international names in the genre were getting involved . Parisian veteran Nasty brought signs and wall tiles from the French capital 's metro , decorated in his inimitable style . "  Nasty is very experienced and well known and began in the '80s by tagging trains , " says Perreaux-Forest . "  He has just had an exhibition in Hong Kong . " Fellow French street star OneMizer -- who does everything from portraits to comic-style work -- flew in , as did Geneva-based mural specialist Bandi , who also comes from France but has created futuristic work inspired by Dubai . Swiss-born , and now Dubai-based , JustOne brought possibly the most controversial work , inspired by incendiary street protest , in addition to a decorated chunk of wall that he has on permanent display in the gallery . By contrast , the gallery recently curated a special exhibition to compliment the holy month of Ramadan . "  Calligraffiti " matched street art with Arabic writing , given a modern twist by local talent . "  We took the opportunity of Ramadan to do something about the art of writing , " adds Perreaux-Forest . "  Here in the region , Arab calligraphy is very important and is a real art form in itself . There is an evolution in this particular art . "  On the other side the graffiti started with lettering , guys signing or tagging streets or trains . So it was interesting to mix those arts of writing , the classical but modern calligraphy with the writing in graffiti , a mix of ancient and modern . "  And we managed to find some calligraphers that do much more modern pieces than we 're used to seeing in galleries around the region . Some were very close to street art . " It proved an exciting glimpse into where Dubai could go with the genre and flushed out some indigenous potential . "  We would be very keen to display more local street artists , " adds Perreaux-Forest , when asked whether he plans to showcase and nurture some of that native talent . Breaking down barriers A few of those artists mingle and exchange ideas during the gallery 's frequent and vibrant opening nights . "  For the moment we are focusing on established artists , but a bit of what we do is to help the local scene and raise the level , " says Perreaux-Forest . "  It 's good to visit a gallery to meet experienced artists , to improve your style and work , and that 's what I believe is needed here . "  Street art is not allowed anywhere  in the UAE  , but it can be tolerated in western countries . Here it is not really the case and we do n't want graffiti all over the place . "  But one of our missions is to help the local guys and to make local culture and people from the region understand that street art is not about degradation and that there are many different styles in street art . " For now , Street Art Gallery is opening its walls to the likes of Jenni Perez , Godzilla , Hep and One Love and is plotting a busy 2015 as its own exterior white walls are gradually replaced by visiting artists spraying what they think of Dubai 's new art hotspot . Street Art Gallery is currently hosting one of the first and most infamous graffiti writers of the South Florida movement . Miami 's Hec One Love is showcasing more than 100 of his works in Dubai under the banner "  Loveism " until December 10 . The artist is known for his massive walls and post-graffitism abstracts and the Dubai show represents his biggest publicly displayed collection yet . Street Art Gallery , Villa 23 , 10th B St. , Dubai ; +971 55 88 88 247 ; 10 a.m.-7 p.m.	Street Art Gallery is the first of its kind in the UAE The gallery is inviting street artists to spray their mark on the villa 's white walls Co-founder Thomas Perreaux-Forest hopes to encourage the growth of Dubai street artists
LILONGWE , Malawi  CNN  -- Like most African countries , Malawi has suffered from a severe shortage of nurses and key health workers . Godfrey Mdzudzuma , a nurse at Embangweni Mission Hospital , delivers a baby in the maternity ward . In the past , workers in the tiny southeast African nation of just 13 million inhabitants have been lured abroad by the promise of higher wages and better working conditions . But , the country best-known as the homeland of Madonna 's adopted children now has another claim to fame : It has succeeding in halting -- at least for now -- its crippling brain drain of nurses . Malawi 's solution ? To expand educational opportunities for nurses at all levels and keep them out of poverty by paying modestly more money . Countries do n't come much poorer than Malawi , but its healthcare system worked well back in the 1970s and early 1980s . When the former British colony gained independence in 1964 , president Hastings Banda , himself a physician , maintained a high level of training for nurses that included teaching all classes in English . By the late 1990s , however , Malawi was reeling from the AIDS epidemic . As if that were n't bad enough , the government also had to cut spending on health care and education as a condition for getting help from the U.S. and other countries to liberalize its trade and economy . The publicly funded health system , on which more than 95 percent of Malawians still depend for treatment , quickly started to fall apart . Watch a report about the impact of Malawi 's nursing shortage " Registered nurses began leaving in droves . "  Every day I received reports from Nurses ' Council that so many nurses are now at the airport , " Ann Phoya , the former head of nursing services for all Malawi told CNN . "  It was obvious that we needed to do something drastic . " Phoya worked with others in Malawi 's Ministry of Health  MOH  to come up with an emergency plan that focused on nurses as they provided most of the primary care . The MOH then applied for around $ 160 million  # 100 million  in international funding for their six-year initiative , primarily from the Department for International Development of the United Kingdom . The money was to be used to pay higher salaries to nurses -- quite a radical move in global development as donors worry it is unsustainable in the long haul . However , the situation in Malawi was getting desperate . The gamble paid off : The number of registered nurses leaving Malawi fell from a high of 111  the equivalent of two years of Malawi 's entire nursing graduates  in 2001 to just six in the first half of 2008 . Enrollment at Malawi 's nursing schools jumped up by 50 percent . Success in one area has revealed a different problem -- that of an internal brain drain . As more international aid groups and universities set up health programs in Malawi , they are hiring nurses , all trained at Malawi taxpayer expense , away from publicly funded hospitals and clinics . The problem is even more acute in the rural areas , where most of Malawi 's people live . Embangweni Mission Hospital in northern Malawi has a good reputation but is located at the end of a long , dusty road , far from major towns , let alone cities . "  Young nurses with families do not really want to work here , " said Catherine Mzembe , head of nursing at Embangweni . "  The local market is very small and although the hospital has running water , that is not the case in many homes . " Even so , the hospital has made impressive strides in the past five years preserving mothers ' lives during pregnancy , as well as cutting the number of deaths due to malaria among children and adults . And that is perhaps the most important lesson to draw from Malawi 's efforts : it pays to look at how much has been accomplished with so little .	Malawi 's innovative national program lifts nurses out of poverty Since 2001 the external brain drain has slowed to a trickle Many challenges still remain as the public health service is depleted
CNN  From an iconic marble statue of a heavily pregnant disabled artist to the more recent giant blue cockerel , London 's Fourth Plinth art project has always provided a controversial modern twist to the traditional landmarks around London 's Trafalgar Square . The latest offering , "  Gift Horse , " which took up residence in the Square 's northwest corner Thursday , looks set to continue the tradition with a work that explores the link between power , money and history , according to organizers . Unveiled by London 's Mayor Boris Johnson , the sculpture created by German-born conceptual artist Hans Haacke portrays a skeletal riderless horse with an ribbon-shaped electronic ticker tied to its left leg showing live market data from London 's Stock Exchange . " ` Gift Horse ' is a startlingly original comment on the relationship between art and commerce and I hope it will stimulate as much debate as other works that have appeared on the plinth , " Johnson said . The 13-feet high bronze skeleton is a "  wry comment , " organizers say , on the equestrian statue of King William IV originally planned , but never realized for the plinth more than 150 years ago . Further nods to the past and the sculpture 's location can be found in the pose which is based on the engraving "  The Anatomy of a Horse " by English artist George Stubbs , whose famous equine portraits hang on the walls of the National Gallery on Trafalgar Square 's north side . One of London 's most famous landmarks , Trafalgar Square is popular with tourists . Named after a famed 1805 British naval victory against the French , its centerpiece is a column commemorating Lord Horatio Nelson , who died during the conflict . In a career spanning half-a-century , Haacke has frequently explored the interconnectedness of art , power and money through installations , paintings , photography and written text . Many of Haacke 's most famous works have explored systems , be it physical -- as evidenced by his famous 1960s work "  Condensation Cube " -- or the social and political as seen in "  MoMA Poll "  1970  , "  A Breed Apart "  1978  and more recently his "  Der Bevlkerung "  The People  installed in Germany 's Reichstag building in Berlin in 2000 . "  It 's a very prominent spot , " said the 78-year-old , reflecting on the "  Gift Horse 's " positioning in Trafalgar Square , "  It 's very beautiful . Everybody sees it . " "  There are other statues and the idea of having the empty plinth which has been made available periodically for artists is a great idea , " added Haacke . Around Trafalgar Square there was mixed reaction to the sculpture . "  It definitely does n't look like a horse 's head , does it ? Looks more dinosaur-ish to me , " said a slightly baffled female day-tripper from Wales , while another tourist seemed equally confused . "  My first impression was that it looked like an alien , because you see it and then you think , huh ? What is it ? " said Toni , visiting from Switzerland . Local reaction was more positive though . "  I just think it 's very witty , " said Londoner Tony Francis . "  I can see the  George  Stubbs influence . And I love the Stock Exchange  ribbon  scrolling round and the way they merge into each other . " "  Gift Horse " is the 10th artwork to sit on the plinth and follows the "  Hahn/Cock , " created by German artist Katharina Fritsch which was in residence from July 2013 to February this year .	A new sculpture for Trafalgar Square 's Fourth Plinth unveiled Thursday ` Gift Horse ' by German-born artist Hans Haacke will sit on plinth for 18 months Haacke 's is the 10th artwork to be displayed on the plinth
South African newspapers published photos of President Jacob Zuma 's home Friday in defiance of a verbal ban by the country 's state security minister . "  No one , including those in the media , is allowed to take images and publicize images even pointing where the possible security breaches are , " State Security Minister Siyabonga Cwele said Thursday , warning the media not to publish footage of Zuma 's home . In response , South African daily The Star splashed its front page Friday with a picture of the scenic home with the caption "  Look Away " in bold across the top and a sub-headline that reads "  Even the White House has its own virtual tour . " Another popular local paper taunted authorities with the headline "  So arrest us , " along with a snap of Zuma 's sprawling estate in the town of Nkandla , southeast of the capital . Others took to microblogging site Twitter to express their outrage about what they say is a move to restrict free speech by the African National Congress government , including journalist Barry Bateman , who tweeted the Google coordinates to the President 's home and urged his followers to use the satellite imaging service to view it . The South African government denied issuing a gag order and accused local media of deceiving the public by misconstruing Cwele 's comments . "  Government has no problem with the media publishing pictures of National Key Points , including President Jacob Zuma 's Nkandla residence , as it is part of their daily line of duty . However , zooming into safety and security features of National Key Points is a challenge as it compromises national security , " Government spokeswoman Phumla Williams said in a prepared statement . Members of the media lambasted the country 's police and state security minister , accusing them of avoiding accountability for more than $ 19 million in renovations paid for by the public . "  We will continue to publish images of the Nkandla upgrades because we firmly believe there is immense public interest in doing so . To stop doing so will be a betrayal of our duty as watchdogs of democracy , " the South African National Editors Forum , an organization of journalists , said in a prepared statement Friday . The controversy comes as Public Prosecutor Thuli Madonsela investigates the potential misuse of public money to fund Nkandla homestead upgrades , including a helipad and a bunker . "  The power to determine whether or not that power has been exercised in accordance with the law belongs to my office , other competent bodies , and ultimately the courts , " Madonsela was quoted as saying by state-run news agency SAPA on Friday .	Newspapers show pictures of Zuma 's estate in the town of Nkandla State security minister had warned about showing where "  possible security breaches are " Government accused of limiting speech amid investigation of possible misuse of public money Government says local media deceived public by distorting minister 's comments
CNN  -- An overcompetitive parent gets into an argument with a stubborn coach because he thinks his child is n't getting enough playing time -- it 's a familiar scene on youth sports fields across America . One critic of the Rhode Island plan said giving parents a outlet for petty complaints "  opens up a can of worms . " Now , a Rhode Island senator wants the state to step in and create a formal outlet for the "  concerns and objections " some parents have . Democratic Sen. John Tassoni Jr. introduced a bill that would create a youth sports oversight council on the state level . The council would act as mediator in disputes between parents of youth athletes and sports officials . In answer to critics , Tassoni said Friday that the notion the bill would mean "  big brother " could begin to oversee youth sports is a misconception . The bill cites the need for a third party to step in at times , stating that "  parents lack a proper outlet to share concerns and objections about youth sports . " But the parents are the biggest problem , said Matt Rodrigues , general manager and owner of Teamworks youth sports program in Warwick , Rhode Island . "  They are crazy , especially in Rhode Island . The kids on the court are scared because the parents are yelling and screaming , " Rodrigues said . But the answer , he said , is not to create a council that "  makes decisions we can deal with ourselves . " A similar council exists in Waterford , Connecticut -- run by the town , not the state . "  It kind of surprises me that -LSB- Rhode Island would -RSB- do it on such a large level like that , " said Bruce Miller , president of the Waterford Youth Sports Council . Waterford 's council is made up of representatives from the town 's 11 sports leagues . Tassoni 's bill states that at least four of the members of the state council would be regional youth sports representatives . He said the council is needed because right now there is no place to go to resolve disputes . "  There 's no place right now to bring a case forward and have a third party take a look at it , " he said . Under the bill , Republican Gov. Donald Carcieri would appoint seven volunteers -- approved by the state Senate and House -- to sit on a panel called the Rhode Island Youth Sports Oversight Council . Tassoni said the seven-member council would n't be made up of politicians , but ex-coaches , ex-officials and ex-athletic directors . Some adults involved in youth sports are n't happy about it . One blogger posted concerns on the Web site of a Rhode Island newspaper , the Providence Journal . "  Hey Tassoni : What do you do , -LSB- lie -RSB- in bed and think to yourself -- ` what have n't me and my cronies either screwed up , bankrupted or embarrassed yet ? Hmmmm ... have n't touched Little League yet . ' Do me a favor -- and I ask this as a coach and a parent -- stay the hell away from my field !!!! " wrote the blogger . Others think the government should "  concentrate on the state . " Rodrigues of the Teamworks program said giving parents a place to do petty complaining only "  opens up a can of worms . " He said the council just "  sounds like another way to take power away from our programs -- they have enough -LSB- power -RSB- . " The governor has not taken a position on the legislation and will not until he reviews the bill , press secretary Amy Kempe said Friday . She added , however , that "  there appears to be some vague language and constitutional issues . " The bill states that the volunteers on the council would be expected to "  provide oversight and mediation " to youth sports programs in the state , as well as develop and adopt a process to review and address complaints . In addition , the council would have the authority to establish and collect fines . But the bill does not go into detail about how to implement the reviewing and fining processes . The bill , with some revisions , is scheduled to be heard by the state Senate on Wednesday . Tassoni hopes to have the council in place by June or July .	Conflicts between parents , coaches and officials all too common in youth sports Rhode Island state senator wants state to create formal outlet for parents ' concerns Similar council exists in Waterford , Connecticut -- run by the town , not the state Critic says giving parents a place for complaints opens "  can of worms "
CNN  -- With no wreckage or flight recorders from Flight 370 to guide them , investigators in Malaysia are poring over information about the backgrounds of the pilots and passengers , radar data , and the transmissions from the cockpit . They also need to pay close attention to another important clue : the cargo manifest . The list of what ends up in the cargo hold of a passenger airplane goes beyond checked luggage . Freight shippers use passenger carriers as well as cargo lines to deliver goods and raw materials . Knowing what was in the cargo hold -- or at least what the official list says was in it -- is important in any accident investigation . It was never more important than it was in the case of the 1996 crash of ValuJet Flight 592 . Opinion : Flight 's resting place is best clue The ValuJet plane , a DC-9 , crashed into the Florida Everglades shortly after takeoff from Miami . Investigators found the pilots were unable to control the plane after a fire raced through the cargo hold , disabling some of the plane 's systems . The source of the fire was traced to a shipment of oxygen canisters that had been mistakenly labeled and improperly packed . The accident led to a push by the National Transportation Safety Board to put smoke detectors and fire-suppression systems in the cargo bays of all passenger aircraft . The Federal Aviation Administration responded and today , halon fire-suppression systems tucked into the cargo holds are an important safety feature on passenger planes . So far , so good . Since then , a new type of cargo has emerged : lithium batteries . There are two types of lithium batteries . One is the rechargeable batteries like those in your phone and laptop , also called lithium ion batteries . A second type , nonrechargeable batteries , also called lithium metal batteries , are used in everything from toys to medical devices . Lithium metal batteries deliver extremely high densities of energy , and if they are mishandled they can catch fire , a fire that ca n't be extinguished with halon , the most common kind of fire-suppression systems in passenger aircraft . That 's one reason the FAA banned shipments of nonrechargeable lithium metal batteries on passenger planes in 2004 . But that ban only applies in the United States ; international authorities are still considering whether to enact such a rule . Cargo and passenger aircraft are free to carry lithium ion batteries , although they are subject to labeling and packing regulations . So what was on board Flight 370 ? Malaysian officials , after saying the cargo manifest would "  be released in due course , " later got a little more specific and said the Boeing 777 was carrying 440 pounds of lithium ion batteries . What else ? Nothing that would cause a problem , the Malaysians assure us . An Australian news media report said the Malaysian government refused to release the manifest to the Australian government , which would find such information helpful as it tries to map out a search . Let 's assume little more than luggage and lithium ion batteries were in the plane 's cargo hold . Although lithium ion fires are easier to suppress than lithium metal battery fires , both are susceptible to what 's called "  thermal runaway " when ignited . That 's when one cell ignites the next cell , creating a fire that 's more difficult to control with traditional fire suppression methods . It 's worth noting that lithium ion batteries were the main suspect in the crash of a UPS Boeing 747 in Dubai in 2010 , killing both pilots as they tried to make an emergency landing . Investigators in the United Arab Emirates studied the cargo records and found that shipments of lithium ion batteries that should have been declared hazardous cargo were not . The reinforced cargo liner was no match for the fire that quickly destroyed the aircraft 's control systems and filled the cockpit with smoke , incapacitating the pilots . Presumably , the Malaysian government is paying close attention to anything on board the aircraft that might have caused a catastrophic fire . They need to be looking beyond the list of transported items , talking to freight shippers who might have had anything on board that was mislabeled , damaged or not handled correctly in transit . That 's just as important as talking to the relatives of the pilots and investigating the flight simulator one had in his home -- which , by the way , is not a crime and in the case of a pilot , often only shows a passion for the job . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Sylvia Adcock .	Sylvia Adcock : Investigators need to look closely at Flight 370 's cargo manifest Adcock : Malaysian officials said jet was carrying 440 pounds of lithium ion batteries Adcock : Lithium ion batteries are flammable , can burn in a way that 's difficult to extinguish Checking this is at least as important as investigating pilot 's flight simulator , she says
CNN  Patrick and Sue Ellen Kilgallon knew the storm was coming . They tried to get out of northern Kentucky on Wednesday night . Instead , they got stuck in the snow on Interstate 65 . The Florida couple and their two dogs were still there Thursday morning , more than 14 hours later , unable to get back to the Sunshine State . "  We 're just sitting here praying , hoping to get out , " Patrick Kilgallon told CNN on Thursday . They were among hundreds of motorists who had been stranded on I-65 near Elizabethtown , Kentucky , and on Interstate 24 near Paducah after a storm so intense that road crews just could n't keep up . Gov. Steve Beshear said Thursday afternoon that some traffic had begun to inch along . "  We have finally cleared some emergency lanes on the sides of the roads , and the traffic now northbound on I-65 is beginning to move slowly and to clear out , " he told CNN . "  It will take several hours to clear it out , because it 's backed up so much . But it is moving again , thank goodness . " Video shot from news helicopters above the interstate showed that by 4 p.m. , cars and many tractor-trailers were rolling along , once they cleared a hill near Elizabethtown . But in some places , the vehicles that still had gas had to maneuver around those that did n't . And Thursday evening , traffic was still at a standstill in Hart County between mile markers 71 and 74 , the Kentucky Transportation Cabinet said . The Kentucky National Guard was helping motorists , taking some to nearby warming centers and returning others to their cars where the highways were passable , Lt. Col. Kirk Hilbrecht told CNN . 94 million Americans say : ` Enough with winter , already ' Beshear told CNN that officials had been prepared . "  We did everything we could in advance , " he said . There were no reports of any deaths or major injuries , the governor said . "  I-65 was literally a parking lot for 15 hours , " said Rev. Janette Wilson , who was stuck on the highway while headed from Chicago to Selma , Alabama . "  The thing that troubles me the most was the lack of preparedness for the storm and the inability of the Kentucky emergency response team to investigate ... the impact on people on the road . " No one checked whether people had run out of food or gas , or gave those stranded an update , she told CNN 's Anderson Cooper . Wilson said they were stuck on the road and not moving between 2:30 a.m. and 4 p.m. . A morning weather report indicated that over a 15-hour span , 21 inches of snow had fallen on Elizabethtown , about 50 miles south of Louisville . Other parts of Kentucky , along with parts of Ohio to the north and Tennessee to the south , had more than a foot of snow . The Kentucky Transportation Cabinet published a hotline number for motorists stranded on the highway . The Kilgallons gassed up Wednesday night and tried to beat the storm as they traveled south for Florida . But 25 miles from Louisville , they hit "  nothing but dead stop " on I-65 . Kilgallon has a scanner in the car and said she has heard that a tractor-trailer collided with several cars , and while the truck was moved , there were not enough tow trucks to move the other vehicles involved in the accident . The Kilgallons had a few snacks left and are rationing the water they have left , Patrick Kilgallon said Thursday afternoon . They ran the engine on their new Jeep all night to keep warm and prevent the ice from encrusting the car too deeply , he said . Asked whether she was upset with Kentucky officials , Sue Ellen Kilgallon said no . "  I think they 're doing the best they can , " she said . "  I 'd cry if it were n't so amusing . " CNN 's Steve Almasy , Chuck Johnston , Brandon Miller and Carol Costello contributed to this report .	Some motorists still stuck on interstate Kentucky governor says state officials did everything they could in advance Motorists also had been stranded on Interstate 24 near Paducah , Kentucky
CNN  -- Every awards ceremony has its reputation , and MTV 's Video Music Awards proudly wears the badge of scandal . Where the Oscars are elegant and the Golden Globes rowdy , the VMAs are all about testing the boundaries of what culture deems "  decent " and reveling in youthful  and , yes , sometimes immature  freedom . This reputation was cemented from the first VMAs broadcast in 1984 , when a then-26-year-old Madonna sensually writhed on stage in a wedding dress to "  Like A Virgin . " At the time , she was told her antics would ruin her career -- when in fact the opposite happened . It 's now one of the most well-known moments not only from the VMAs , but from the now 55-year-old 's legendary career . Countless pop stars and rockers have followed in Madge 's footsteps , with each new year bearing the promise of an ever-shocking performance . MTV VMAs : From Courtney to Kanye , why I know to expect the unexpected So when Miley Cyrus took the VMAs stage on Sunday and proceeded to provocatively dance  with teddy bears , no less  before removing even more clothing , was she committing the offense the Internet has claimed , or simply upholding 30 years of VMAs tradition ? With her striptease , 20-year-old Cyrus did n't do anything her predecessors have n't already . In 2000 , Britney Spears was not yet 19 when she ripped off a pantsuit at the VMAs to reveal a sparkling , flesh-toned body stocking underneath . As host network MTV has said of the memorable moment , Spears ' "  striptease  not to mention the accompanying panting and grinding  served notice that Britney was no longer the pigtailed schoolgirl of the ' ... Baby One More Time ' video , but rather a full-grown , supremely sexy woman . " The singer followed up that headline-making move by dancing seductively with a snake in 2001 . In 2003 , as a callback to the VMA original "  Like a Virgin " performance , Spears and Christina Aguilera wore wedding white for the performance . And then there was the famous Spears kiss with Madonna . When that scene threw Spears back into the crossfire , the pop star told CNN that she was just "  performing and expressing myself . " And need we remind you of Nirvana 's havoc-filled performance of "  Lithium " in 1992 , or Diana Ross feeling up Lil Kim 's bare breast in 1999 ?  If you need a refresher , recall that Lil Kim was wearing a violet bodysuit that exposed one breast , which was covered with nothing more than a matching purple pasty .  Howard Stern , Marilyn Manson , Prince and Lady Gaga  the latter was at this very same show !  have all bared their bums for MTV 's viewers . 6 memorable moments from the 2013 VMAs To be sure , Cyrus ' Sunday performance took notes from all of the above and combined them into one show-stealing set . But that 's more or less what the VMAs have historically been : A place to go wild  within reach of censors  , and a platform for young stars to show the world that they 're now adults , perhaps even one that feels comfortable bending over in front of an audience and dancing in a latex two-piece . Yet the reaction to Cyrus appears to be more eviscerating than previous years . Some viewers were in awe that this is the same Cyrus who was once the Disney Channel 's teen queen on "  Hannah Montana , " and others aghast at the provocativeness of her performance . "  Raise your hand if you feel personally victimized by Miley Cyrus ' #VMAs performance , " tweeted E! Online . "  Do you think  Miley 's dad  Billy Ray Cyrus woke up with an achy breaky heart this morning after his little girl 's performance at the VMAs last night ? " said Lady Antebellum 's Charles Kelly . Judd Apatow , posting a picture of Cyrus from her 2012 movie "  So Undercover , " tweeted that he 'll "  always have this version of Miley . Let 's live in the past and heal . " Cyrus herself has been silent about her set and its overwhelming reaction , but anyone who 's paid the slightest attention to the star would n't be too surprised by her routine . Although she rose to fame on "  Hannah Montana , " a role she landed at just 13 , Cyrus has always had a rocky relationship with the squeaky clean image she was expected to uphold . At 15 , the singer/actress came under fire after she posed topless for Vanity Fair , holding a sheet to her chest as she gazed at the camera . The following year , Cyrus was criticized for her Teen Choice Awards performance , during which she danced atop an ice cream cart -- complete with a pole -- while singing her hit , "  Party in the U.S.A. " The moment would infamously become known as Cyrus ' "  pole dance . " She was 16 . In the days following her 18th birthday in 2010 , Cyrus was subjected to more scrutiny when a video surfaced of the star smoking a bong apparently filled with salvia . The attention has only increased in the years since , as Cyrus has tried to transition from her Disney days into being a grown-up pop star , complete with an eye-catching haircut and the occasional middle finger thrown up in photographs . While her critics have been vocal about their discomfort with her behavior , Cyrus has said that she 's simply being herself . Speaking on her new album , "  Bangerz , " to Billboard magazine , she said that she feels like "  I can really be myself . ... I really have more of a connection of who I am , and I feel like I can maybe express that more in my music now . " Basically , we 're hearing Britney Spears 2.0 . The moves Madonna and Spears once performed at the VMAs are now an indelible part of pop culture history , moments that make the VMAs appointment-viewing after 29 years .  BuzzFeed , for example , has come up with an astonishing 95 reasons why the "  VMAs are absolutely nothing without Britney Spears . " Will Cyrus ' 2013 performance receive the same fate ? It 's far too early to tell . But if the legacy of the MTV VMAs is any indication , she 's going to express what she wants -- whether we like it or not .	Miley Cyrus stunned viewers at Sunday 's MTV VMAs But the 20-year-old is far from the first to pull off such a stunt The VMAs are known for their outlandish performances And , Cyrus has increasingly worked to shed her Disney image
CNN  -- Authorities have captured one of Colombia 's last great crime bosses , President Juan Manuel Santos said Tuesday night . Accused drug lord Daniel "  El Loco " Barrera was captured in San Cristobal , Venezuela , Santos said . Barrera is accused of alliances with paramilitaries and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia guerrilla group in addition to drug trafficking crimes over a period of more than 20 years . "  He is the last of the great  crime  bosses . This is very forceful blow , " Santos said in televised remarks . "  This is a very important step toward the security that we want to achieve in this country , " he said . The operation , directed from Washington , came about with collaboration between British , Colombian , U.S. and Venezuelan officials , Santos said . "  I want to thank the Venezuelan government , President  Hugo  Chavez and his team , for this great collaboration that has produced this capture , " Santos said . The MI6 British intelligence agency and the CIA also assisted , he said . Venezuela 's interior minister will discuss Barrera 's capture and "  the seizure of more than a ton of drugs " in a news conference Wednesday morning , the nation 's information ministry said in a statement . In October 2010 , Colombian authorities said they found more than $ 29 million and 17 million euros in cash stashed in two homes that Barrera owned . At the time the South American country 's defense minister called it the "  biggest drug-money seizure operation in the country 's history . " Earlier that year , the U.S. Department of the Treasury said Barrera played a significant role in international drug trafficking and described him as one of Colombia 's most wanted drug traffickers , noting in a statement that the Colombian government had offered a $ 2.5-million reward for information leading to his capture . The statement said Barrera operated primarily in the eastern plains of Colombia , between the capital of Bogota and the Venezuelan border . An indictment unsealed in a Florida federal court in September 2011 accuses Barrera of conspiring to manufacture , distribute and import cocaine into the United States . If convicted on those charges , he faces a maximum sentence of life in prison , the U.S. Attorney 's Office said at the time . ` Queen of Cocaine ' killed in Colombia Journalists Fernando Ramos and Osmary Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : Venezuela 's interior minister will discuss capture , drug seizure Wednesday Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos announced the capture Daniel "  El Loco " Barrera is accused of alliances with paramilitaries , drug trafficking The CIA assisted in his capture , Colombian president says
CNN  -- A Colombian has officially been declared the world 's shortest man by Guinness World Records officials -- but his reign looks set to be short-lived . Edward Nino Hernandez , who stands just 70.21 centimeters  2 ft 3.46 in  tall , inherits a title previously held by Chinese man He Pingping who died earlier this year . But Hernandez is actually several centimeters shorter than Pingping , according to Craig Glenday , Editor-in-Chief of the Guinness World Records Book . "  Not only is he a new shortest man , he 's even shorter than the previous record holder , " said Glenday . Although Hernandez is formally recognized in the 2011 Guinness World Records book published this month , he is not expected to hold the title for long . Khagendra Thapa Magar , a teenager from Nepal who stands 65.5 centimeters  2 feet 1.8 inches  tall , turns 18 on October 14 . Glenday said Pingping , who died in March aged 21 , had been an iconic character . "  As a result of that there was a lot of interest from the small community . A lot of small men contacted us . When we heard about Edward 's claim we sent one of our representatives over to his home in Bogota . " Hernandez , 24 , was measured three times a day , both standing up and lying flat , with his official height calculated as an average measurement . The 24-year-old works alongside his parents and brothers at a family business manufacturing pajamas . He likes dancing to reggaeton and salsa music , according to the Guinness World Records website . "  I am very happy to be recognized as the shortest man in the world , " Hernandez told the Guinness World Records website . "  Every person is different and unique . The more unusual you are the more you should fight and work harder . "	Edward Nino Hernandez stands just 70.21 centimeters  2 ft 3.46 in  tall But a shorter Nepalese teenager is set to claim title on October 14 Title was previously held by Chinese man He Pingping who died in March
London , England  CNN  -- Procter & Gamble is recalling Vicks Sinex nasal spray in the United States , Britain and Germany after finding it contained bacteria , the company said . Procter & Gamble said it announced the voluntary recall after finding the bacteria in a small amount of product made at a plant in Germany . There have been no reports of illness from the bacteria , but it could cause serious infections for people with weakened immune systems or those with chronic lung conditions such as cystic fibrosis , Procter & Gamble said late Thursday . The bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , the company said . Cincinnati , Ohio-based Procter & Gamble said it detected the problem during routine quality control at the plant . Analysis so far shows the problem is limited to a single batch of raw material mixture involving three lots of product , which were sold only in the three countries affected by the recall , the company said . In the United States , the recalled product is Vicks Sinex Vapospray 12-hour Decongestant Ultra Fine Mist with lot number 9239028831 . In Britain , the company is recalling Vicks Sinex Micromist Aqueous Nasal Spray with lot number 9224028832 . In Germany , the recalled product is Wick Sinex Schnupfenspray Dosiersystem with lot number 9224028833 . All recalled products are in the 15-milliliter size . Lot numbers are listed on the outer carton and the bottle , the company said . Consumers with the product should discard it , and they may call the company for a replacement coupon or refund , the company said . More information is at the company 's Web site , www.pg.com .	Vicks spray recalled after small amount of product found to contain bacteria Bacteria poses little risk to healthy people , Proctor and Gamble says No reports of illness from the bacteria , it says
CNN  -- Tensions often run high in top-level sports , but it is rare to see a team 's coach physically attack one of their own players . However , that was the bizarre situation in an Italian soccer match on Wednesday -- and it has cost Fiorentina coach Delio Rossi his job . The 51-year-old has been sacked just six months after being tasked with turning around the fortunes of the top-flight team following an astonishing fight with young midfielder Adem Ljajic during the Serie A match against Novara . Rossi clambered into the dugout and attempted to punch the Serbian after the 20-year-old sarcastically applauded a decision to replace him , with Fiorentina at that stage losing 2-0 against a team that has been relegated to the second division . Fiorentina , which won the last of of its two Italian titles in 1969 , fought back to draw 2-2 . It left "  La Viola " hovering above the bottom three and still needing a point from the last two rounds to ensure another season in Serie A. Club president Andrea Della Valle dismissed former Lazio and Palermo coach Rossi immediately after the match , with no successor yet announced . "  In a  few seconds , months of stress came out . I am sorry , because the manager has never made such actions . I have to take this decision for his goodwill , so he can understand he was wrong . No provocation can justify that reaction , " Della Valle said on Fiorentina 's media website . "  With the due proportions , we will take serious disciplinary measures for Ljajic too . It is not up to me justifying Delio Rossi , but he has never done anything like that . " Rossi 's dramatic departure comes just months after he was signed in the hope of turning around the Tuscan team , which finished ninth last season . He replaced the fired Sinisa Mihajlovic in November but has failed to significantly boost results , with the club 15th in the table , six points above the drop zone . "  I am sorry to witness this in my 10th year at the club and I believe the manager 's contribution helped us to win in Rome and Milan , " Della Valle said after the match . "  I believed we would have achieved safety from relegation tonight and , definitely , I was not expecting to take this decision tonight . This team requires more unity if we want to avoid relegation . I know that at this moment Delio Rossi is suffering more than anyone else and I want to respect the work he has done here for us . "	Fiorentina coach Delio Rossi sacked after attacking player Adem Ljajic Rossi lashes out at Serbian after he sarcastically applauds decision to replace him The outburst comes 32 minutes into match against Novara , with Fiorentina later drawing 2-2 Club president Andrea Della Valle says : "  No provocation can justify that reaction "
Mashable  -- Seven years ago , Cyber Monday was established as the online counterpart to Black Friday , a day when Internet retailers would band together to lure holiday shoppers to web storefronts through steep discounts , free shipping and other promotions . So far , Cyber Monday has delivered on its mission , becoming the biggest single shopping day of the year for online retailers . And it keeps getting bigger : Sales on the day amounted to $ 1.25 billion in the U.S. in 2011 , up 22 % from 2010  s record highs , according to comScore . Sales on the second biggest shopping day of the year , Black Friday , tallied $ 816 million . But a number of trends -- online retailers ' increasing participation in Black Friday offers and the rise of multi-channel shopping , among others -- leave many asking : Is there still a need for Cyber Monday ? "  It is losing some of its luster , " Marshal Cohen , chief industry analyst at NPD Group , observed in a phone interview . In an effort to get a leg up on online retailers and each other , many brick-and-mortar retailers -- including some of the biggest , such as Walmart -- opened their stores as early as 8 p.m. the day before this past Black Friday , and advertised their deals online in the days and weeks leading up to the event . "  As a result , online retailers are moving their sales earlier too , " Cohen explained . Many multi-channel and pure-play online retailers now run promotions on Thanksgiving and Black Friday , as well as Cyber Monday . Some have pushed the envelope even further : For the past few years , Amazon has opened its so-called "  Black Friday " store of discounted products weeks before the actual event . Why start earlier ? In part because consumers are expected to start shopping earlier than ever before -- though it 's tough to say whether it 's the consumers or the retailers -- with their early promotions -- who are driving it . In general , launching promotions at an earlier date means retailers do n't have to discount as deeply or for as long later in the season , said Sucharita Mulpuru , an analyst at Forrester Research . Cyber Monday starts early this year Shifts in shopping patterns and consumer technology use are also driving the change . Shoppers are no longer buying offline on some days , and online on others : They 're shopping on both simultaneously , often whipping out their smartphones or tablets in-store to run price comparisons . Just take a look at last week 's figures : Online sales were up 17.4 % on Thanksgiving Day and 20.7 % on Black Friday , according to IBM . Mobile accounted for 16.3 % of all online sales , up from a record-setting 9.8 % in 2011 . Mobile has put online retailers and brick-and-mortar retailers into more direct competition with each other , opening a window for pure-play ecommerce players to compete on Black Friday and other big in-store shopping days like never before . As a result , online retailers ca n't afford to wait until Cyber Monday to make compelling offers ; they need to make them available on Friday or before if they want to capture sales from smartphone-touting shoppers in stores . "  What that does is spread out the sales period , thereby diluting it , " Cohen said . "  Retailers now have to promote throughout the whole holiday season to stay competitive . " Cyber Monday was , as we mentioned , the biggest online-sales day in the U.S. last year , but growth is flattening . Whereas 2011 saw 22 % growth since 2010 , Cohen said retailers will be lucky to see more than 10 % growth this year , while overall online spending during the holiday period will rise 16.8 %  per eMarketer  . A recent survey conducted by Google found that Cyber Monday ranks "  fairly low " on shoppers ' key days , with only 7 % planning to purchase electronics on that day , and even less expecting to buy toys and apparel . What 's an online retailer to do ? Mulpuru said the key to any successful promotional period is the quality of the promotion on offer . So long as the deals are compelling , online retailers can expect to see "  strong double-digit growth " on Monday , outpacing the overall growth of the ecommerce industry this year , she said . "  If retailers are offering the exact same thing on Black Friday -LSB- and Cyber Monday -RSB- , there 's a problem . But I think retailers are smarter than that and I expect to see different offers , " Mulpuru said . "  Other days -LSB- of the holiday-shopping season -RSB- are compelling , but that in no way indicates Cyber Monday is becoming obsolete . " She also anticipates that the concept of Cyber Monday will evolve , and become more multi-channel : "  We 'll start to see Cyber Monday offers not just online , but also in stores . " For his part , Cohen believes Cyber Monday will be important for years to come , but will phase out eventually . "  The pure players are n't going to abandon it ; this was a gift given to them just a few years ago , " he said . "  But it will be redefined , repackaged . " In the future , he expects to see online retailers offer more limited-time flash sales to motivate consumers to turn to that channel throughout the holiday season . Still , online stores will have a "  tough time " competing on Black Fridays , Cohen added . "  Online is convenient , yes , but it 's still a solitary process . What online retailers need to do is turn it into a much more social event ; it needs to engage families and friends in a much bigger , better way . That 's where the stores still beat them . " Brand strategist explains the end of Cyber Monday  2013 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Cyber Monday has been the biggest single shopping day of the year for online retailers But retailers are spreading their online sales throughout the Thanksgiving holiday As a result , Cyber Monday 's growth is flattening Analyst : Cyber Monday will phase out eventually
CNN  -- If our children 's children should die from Ebola here in the United States , President Obama would be to blame . That is a sentiment I found in numerous comments on Ebola articles that I came across on the Internet . After a while I stopped reading , convinced that if President Obama found a cure for cancer , these would be the people who would blame him for putting doctors out of work . That was before Sen. Rob Portman , an Ohio Republican and a member of the Homeland Security Committee rumored to have 2016 aspirations , stepped up on Friday and said , "  Unfortunately this is another example where the administration was not as engaged early on as they should have been and now we 're playing catch-up . " Then Sunday , Reince Priebus , head of the Republican National Committee , said , "  People today do n't feel better off than they were five years ago , and obviously whether it 's the GSA , the IRS , Syria , Ebola , the Secret Service , I mean what 's going well in regard to this administration and those senators who have followed this president lockstep ? " That 's when it was clear : A lot of President Obama 's critics are blaming him for Ebola . I guess if some religious conservatives can blame Hurricane Sandy on gay marriage then certainly there is room to lay blame for the outbreak of Ebola on the steps of the White House . Especially if you 're comfortable with ignoring reality and rejecting facts . Opinion : Get proactive about screening for Ebola How can President Obama 's response be characterized as negligent when his administration began directing resources $ " including more than $ 21 million from the U.S. Agency for International Development -- to areas hit with the virus within days of the first Ebola diagnosis ? That was in March . On April 1 , according to the World Health Organization , the spread was "  relatively small still . " Since then , the Obama administration has committed an additional $ 175 million and sent 3,000 troops to West Africa to combat the crisis . This comes on top of the largest international response in the history of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . When you look at the timeline , it would appear the Obama administration has been leading the fight against the spread of the disease since last winter . And yet , what does Rush Limbaugh have to say ? "  It 's being treated and dealt with in the most irresponsible , incompetent manner I can think of . " Opinion : Protecting against Ebola trumps liberty Which is either a confession that Limbaugh is having trouble thinking or just another example of a Republican mouthpiece refusing to let reality get in the way of a good narrative , especially when we 're so close to the midterm election . Limbaugh 's proclamation is particularly outrageous considering he lived through the AIDS epidemic in the United States . For those who do n't remember that timeline $ " which obviously includes Rush -- the first cases were discovered in 1981 . By February 1984 , the CDC stated there were more than 4,100 cases in the United States and nearly 2,000 people had already died . President Reagan did n't publicly address the disease until May 1987 . By then more than 20,000 Americans had died and the virus had spread to more than 100 countries . I would think in the lexicon of irresponsible and incompetent manners to address a public health crisis , Reagan comes out on top . The Reagan administration 's response to AIDS was not only painfully slow , then-Press Secretary Larry Speakes even made jokes about people dying . Compared to the way Reagan handled AIDS , Obama 's response to Ebola should be praised . When he went to the United Nations in September , he told world leaders , "  We are not moving fast enough . " This is a month after WHO declared the Ebola outbreak a public health emergency and before the diagnosis of an infected man in Dallas . Opinion : Ebola quarantine is perfectly legal With Democrats in the Senate against the ropes , giddy Republicans hoping for a red November can not be bothered with facts no matter how egregious their rhetoric to the contrary may be . So , GOP party leaders and promoters go out and proclaim President Obama , the man whose signature piece of legislation is designed to provide preventive care , is doing little to prevent the spread of a deadly disease , and hope voters buy it . I guess when you have people hating President Obama they 'll believe just about anything bad said about him , even if it 's ridiculous . Case in point : At a summer fundraiser for former GOP Rep. Allen West of Florida , an attendee said , "  I personally believe that Obama is a Muslim ... and I believe that he is doing everything in his power to bring this country down . " West seized the opportunity to fan those flames by first insinuating that Obama said as much , followed by , "  The President has an Eastern orientation " using his own affinity for SEC football to support his claim against Obama . I felt a little dumber after watching the exchange , and yet no one in the audience seemed to mind . All of which explains why some Republicans are now out blaming Obama for Ebola . It may not be true , but it 's still great for business .	LZ Granderson : A lot of President Obama 's critics are blaming him for Ebola LZ : These critics ignore reality and reject facts , and want to bash Obama at every chance He says Obama directed resources to combat Ebola crisis from the very beginning LZ : Compared to way Ronald Reagan handled AIDS crisis , Obama deserves praise
CNN  -- Around the world , and in developing nations especially , there is an overwhelming demand for higher education . Despite worldwide increases in tertiary enrolment numbers , there still remains disparity between those with access to quality education and those without . In Sub-Saharan Africa , for example , only 6 % of college-age students are enrolled in higher education . John Defterios : The world 's next economic powers do n't need the West That number rises to 72 % in North America and Western Europe , but hovers around 20 % to 40 % for most developing regions , according to UNESCO reports . Without higher education , most people face a grim future . But once you consider the possibilities provided by an internet connection and the growing availability of quality online education resources , the conversation about accessibility shifts from "  where " to "  how , " and exciting new opportunities  and challenges  arise . So how do we actualize the idea of education for everyone ? Read more : Does Brazil deserve its ` B ' for BRIC ? At Coursera , only one-third of our students are from the U.S. , and 40 % are from the developing world . Not surprisingly , three of our biggest countries outside the U.S. are Brazil , India , and Russia , where the number of jobs that require a higher education greatly exceeds the number of people with education sufficient to do these jobs . In Russia , for example , new student enrollments rose 230 % since January 2013  surpassing new student growth from the U.S. , which is up 178 %  . Our large international growth poses challenges in dealing with cultural and language differences . The challenges Despite our global reach , most of the course material and lectures found on our platform are in English , making the courses inaccessible to many students whose native language is not English . To address this issue , we are taking a two pronged approach . First , we are working with our partner universities in non-English-speaking countries to offer courses taught natively in languages other than English  currently French , Spanish , Chinese , German , and Italian  . More from Koller : Top college courses , for free ? We are also building up a network of "  translation partners " - non-profits , companies , and universities - to translate Coursera lectures from popular courses into a selection of languages common among our students . Reducing language barriers opens up new possibilities and applications of online education . Experiments in global learning Moscow-based Digital October  one of our translation partners  has experimented with creative ways to use online education to transcend cultural and language barriers . The center for new technology and entrepreneurship recently hosted a multi-national "  ideahack . " This interactive meet-up centered around the University of Pennsylvania 's online Gamification course , and attracted more than 200 live students from Moscow and 15 students from three continents around the world via video conference , with the event being simultaneously translated for Russian and English audiences . Fareed Zakaria : How to beat inequality Those attending worked in small groups applying principles learnt from Professor Kevin Werbach 's Coursera course . Professor Werbach participated virtually throughout the event . Princeton 's Professor Mitch Duneier taught his sociology class to a global audience . He says that : "  Within three weeks I had received more feedback on my sociological ideas than I had in a career of teaching , which significantly influenced each of my subsequent lectures and seminars . " These insights have reshaped the way he teaches his Princeton students on campus . One student wrote to him , saying , "  It has been an incredible experience for me , one that has not only taught me sociology , but the ways in which other cultures think , feel , and respond . " Bill Gates : I just do n't see room for education cuts By their very nature , Massive Open Online Courses  MOOCs  foster an open environment where people from all walks of life can contribute to a thriving collaborative community . Translation of online courses further helps increase access to people from diverse backgrounds , and thereby enables the true globalization of education . Other models for online education are also being explored , such as the flipped classroom , which makes high-quality course content available in conjunction with local instruction . This can provide much needed expansion of education in the many countries that lack qualified instructors . The future With the rise of online education , the notion of a "  global classroom " is being discussed by educators and the media alike . To me , achieving a "  global classroom " means using education to erase barriers between people of different cultures and backgrounds ; it means giving people the opportunity to learn without the limits imposed by physical or socio-economic circumstances ; and it means giving schools and instructors around the world the ability to transcend boundaries to bring high-quality education to their students . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Daphne Koller .	In Sub-Saharan Africa , 6 % of college-age students enroll in higher education Internet and the growing availability of quality online education can change this Koller : The conversation about accessibility shifts from "  where " to "  how
CNN  -- A Florida man fleeing a traffic stop almost got away , police say . Until he met up with an alligator . Bryan Zuniga escaped police early Thursday , but was arrested at a Florida hospital hours later following the painful encounter with the gator . The incident started after deputies pulled over the 20-year-old in Pinellas Park for allegedly failing to maintain a single lane . He stopped the vehicle , jumped out and broke through a nearby fence , successfully eluding police , the Pinellas County Sheriff 's deputies said in a statement . But his freedom did not last long . Authorities arrested him a few hours later at a local hospital , where he was getting treatment after the alligator attack . Zuniga told deputies an alligator bit him near a water treatment plant in St. Petersburg , which is a few miles from where he ditched his car . Deputies took him into custody after he was treated for multiple puncture wounds to the face , arm and armpit area , the sheriff 's office said in a statement . Authorities booked him into the county jail on various charges , including driving without a license and fleeing police . Zuniga did not respond to CNN affiliate Bay News 9 's request for comment while authorities were walking him into the jail , and CNN has been unable to identify his lawyer . Once endangered , the Florida alligator has made a comeback and can be found in county water bodies , according to Pinellas County 's Animal Services website .	Incident started after deputies pulled over 20-year-old in Pinellas Park He allegedly stopped the vehicle , jumped out and broke through a nearby fence He encountered an alligator , which bit him Police arrested him the same day at the hospital
If you serve in the U.S. military and you rape or sexually assault a fellow service member , chances are you wo n't be punished . In fact , you have an estimated 86.5 % chance of keeping your crime a secret and a 92 % chance of avoiding a court-martial . These disturbing statistics illustrate an ongoing epidemic of rape and sexual assault in the military that Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta believes amounted to 19,000 incidents just in 2010 . A culture of acceptance combined with few prosecutions against assailants and the conflicted chain of command structure discourages victims from reporting crimes . Service members who report being sexually assaulted by a commanding officer or military colleague do so at their own peril . They face ridicule , demotion , investigation that includes a review of their sexual history and even involuntary discharge . Betrayal of Trust ? Allegations of rape at West Point , Annapolis In 2006 , when Marine Lt. Elle Helmer reported to her commander that a superior officer assaulted and raped her the night before , her colonel discouraged her from obtaining a rape kit . In spite of his objections , she sought a thorough medical investigation . Helmer appealed to her rapist 's supervisor , who still refused to press charges or significantly punish the assailant . He said , "  You 're from Colorado -- you 're tough . You need to pick yourself up and dust yourself off . ... I ca n't babysit you all of the time . " Rape victims say military labels them ` crazy ' Instead of Helmer 's attacker being prosecuted , she became the subject of investigation and prosecution . She was ultimately forced to leave the Marine Corps . Her rapist remains a Marine in good standing . Elle 's story is featured in the documentary "  The Invisible War , " which will be screened in five major cities for a week , starting Friday . The powerful film includes interviews with former U.S. service men and women who were raped by co-workers or superior officers . The survivors explain that they felt the greatest betrayal was from the military itself and the conflicted chain of command structure that did not protect them from avoidable harm or support their need for justice . Victim testimony from a widespread and ongoing sex scandal at Lackland Air Force base in San Antonio , Texas , sheds light on another tragic component of the epidemic : Service members are trained to follow the orders of all superior officers , no matter what . Two of the women who have come forward were called over an intercom shortly after they graduated from basic training and asked to leave their dorm to meet their instructors , an unusual order . The victims told a military court that they were lured to a dark supply room where two instructors engaged them in sexual acts . "  I did n't know what to think or what to do , " one woman , an airman first class , said when a prosecutor asked what she was thinking as her training instructor performed oral sex on her . Female service members sue U.S. military for alleged rape , sexual assault "  I was frozen , " she said . Thirty-five instructors have been removed from their jobs during the past year at Lackland , but the military refuses to disclose how many are accused of sexual assault . We know that four military training instructors have already been charged with sexual misconduct with at least 24 trainees . One of the instructors is charged with having sexual contact with 10 women , including sodomy and rape . Another , Staff Sgt. Peter Vega-Maldonado , admitted in a plea bargain to having sex with one woman . His punishment is 90 days in jail , 30 days of hard labor , reduction in rank and forfeiture of $ 500 a month in pay for four months . He will be forced to leave the Air Force but without a bad-conduct discharge . After striking this deal with prosecutors , Vega testified that he actually had improper contact with 10 trainees . He is not immune to further prosecution , but his admission of guilt can not be used against him in future procedures . Each victim will have to come forward , and the prosecution will have to start from scratch . I have called for a congressional hearing to investigate the systemic abuse of power at Lackland Air Force Base . It is clear that the inherent conflicts within the chain of command structure are at the core of the epidemic of military rape and sexual assault . Last fall , I introduced bipartisan legislation that would create a path to justice for service men and women who are victims of rape or sexual assault . H.R. 3435 , the Sexual Assault Training Oversight and Prevention Act  STOP Act  , has 125 co-sponsors . It would take these cases out of the normal chain of command and place the jurisdiction , still within the military , in the hands of an impartial office staffed by experts -- both military and civilian . Right now , it is far too easy for a sexual predator in the military to rape or sexually assault a fellow service member and get away with it . Until these crimes are taken seriously and assailants are punished as the felons they are , the epidemic will continue . Victims of military rape deserve justice We should not have to hear another story like Elle Helmer 's , watch another movie like "  The Invisible War , " and have to investigate yet another scandal like the one at Lackland Air Force Base . In the words of Defense Secretary Panetta , "  One assault is one too many . "	Jackie Speier : If you commit sexual assault in the military , you 'll probably get away with it Speier : Service members who report attack face ridicule , demotion , refusal to be heard Sex assault scandal at Lackland base shows how trainees are preyed upon , she says Speier wants sex assault cases tried in impartial military office to ensure justice
NEW YORK  CNN  -- From big balloons at the Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade to a big Christmas tree at Manhattan 's Rockefeller Center , the Big Apple is known for going big around the holidays . And on Tuesday , the first night of the Jewish holiday of Hanukkah , New Yorkers went big again , lighting a massive menorah outside the south side of Central Park . The nine-branched candelabra is 32 feet tall , 28 feet wide , weighs 4,000 pounds , and is considered the world 's biggest , according to the Guinness Book of World Records . Rabbi Shmuel M. Butman , director of the city 's Lubavitch Youth Organization , said the gold-colored steel structure is equipped with oil lamps and has special glass chimneys to protect the flames from wind . The Brooklyn-based group has coordinated the lighting ceremony since it began in 1977 , then coinciding with the administration of Abraham David Beame , the first Jewish mayor of New York City . The massive structure was designed by renowned Jewish artist Yaacov Agam , according to Butman . During the celebration , one candle is lighted the first night , and an additional candle is lighted each subsequent night for eight nights , earning Hanukkah the name "  The Festival of Lights . " "  The menorah is a symbol of inspiration not only for the Jewish people , but all people , regardless of race , color or creed , " Butman said . In the nation 's capital , a special lighting ceremony near the White House also marked the start of the holiday . "  Tonight , as families and friends come together to light the menorah , it is a story that reminds us to count our blessings , to honor the sacrifices of our ancestors , " President Barack Obama said in a statement . "  To believe that through faith and determination , we can work together to build a brighter , better world for generations to come . " The White House menorah lighting dates to 1979 with President Jimmy Carter .	The world 's largest menorah is lighted in New York The nine-branched candelabra is 32 feet tall , 28 feet wide and weighs 4,000 pounds A menorah also is lighted in Washington The White House menorah lighting dates to 1979 with President Jimmy Carter
CNN  -- Australia Prime Minister Julia Gillard said Tuesday she believes Australia should become a republic after Queen Elizabeth II dies . Gillard said the country has a "  deep affection " for Queen Elizabeth , but that she favors moving Australia toward a republic . "  What I would like to see as prime minister is that we work our way through to an agreement on a model for the republic , but I think that the appropriate time for this nation to move to being a republic is when we see the monarch change , " Gillard said at a news conference . "  Obviously I 'm hoping for Queen Elizabeth that she lives a long and happy life , and having watched her mother I think there 's every chance that she will live a long and happy life , but I think that 's probably the appropriate point for a transition to a republic . " Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy with the British monarch as its head of state . Gillard made the comments on the campaign trail ahead of Saturday 's general election , in which she faces a challenge from opposition leader Tony Abbott . Abbott said Tuesday he believes the current system of government is a good one . "  This republican cause has been with us for a long time , but the Australian people have demonstrated themselves to be remarkably attached to institutions that work , " he said Tuesday . "  I think that our existing constitutional arrangements have worked well in the past . I see no reason whatsoever why they ca n't continue to work well in the future . So while there may very well be further episodes of republicanism in this country , I am far from certain that , at least in our lifetimes , there is likely to be any significant change . " Abbott , of the Liberal Party , headed Australians for Constitutional Monarchy for two years before entering Parliament . Gillard ousted Kevin Rudd as leader of Australia 's Labor Party , and prime minister , in June . She had been Rudd 's deputy prime minister , but Labor Party members of Parliament voted her into the top job as Rudd 's public approval declined .	NEW : Opposition leader says the country 's current system of government is good PM Julia Gillard says Queen Elizabeth should be Australia 's last monarch She wants Australia to become a republic Australia is currently a constitutional monarchy
CNN  -- They may wear a uniform , or ordinary street clothes . Their numbers are unclear . They rush the streets with brute strength . Members of the Basij militia enter Tehran University , where students were protesting on Monday . They are the Basij , Iran 's volunteer paramilitary group that for more than a week has cracked down on the thousands of protesters in the bloody aftermath of the Islamic republic 's disputed presidential election . Amateur video shows members of the Basij , wearing plain shirts and pants and wielding clubs and hoses , dispersing protesters and beating a handful of Iranians at a time . "  The Basij militia forces tried to break up the demonstrations using batons , electric shock and water cannons , " a student in Tehran , whose name was withheld for his safety , told CNN 's Don Lemon on Sunday . The student said he was injured at a protest by the feared militia . Monday 's demonstrators dismissed a warning from the Revolutionary Guard that people who "  disturb the peace and stand up to security forces " would be met with a strong response . "  The guardians of the Islamic revolution and the courageous Basiji together with the security forces are following the orders of the supreme leader and following him unquestioningly , " the Guard said , according to the state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Watch protesters clash with Basij militia " While the Basij -- the word means "  mobilization " in the Farsi language -- is often described by outsiders as shadowy and mysterious , Iranians have had run-ins with the militia for three decades . The Basij was established in 1979 by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , who famously declared that Iran could never be destroyed with a 20-million-man militia . Khomeini , who ushered in the Islamic revolution that ousted Iran 's ruling shah 30 years ago , felt that his country suffered from Western influences that the shah embraced . He created the Basij as a popular auxiliary arm of the Islamic Revolutionary Guard , a military unit under the direct control of Iran 's supreme leader , to defend the principles of the movement . The group , at least at first , was made up of men either too old or young to serve in the Revolutionary Guard . Until now , they were perhaps best known for the "  human wave " attacks during the Iran-Iraq war that reportedly cleared out minefields for the professional military . Many of the Basij reportedly received plastic keys to wear around their necks like dog tags , marking their entry to "  paradise " when they died in martyrdom . "  Basij members made up with zeal what they lacked in military professionalism , " said Michael Eisenstadt , a senior fellow and director of The Washington Institute 's Military and Security Studies Program . After the Iran-Iraq war , the Basij returned to its role as an internal security force to enforce Islamic morality . While Iran in recent years has claimed more than 12 million in the ranks of the group , Middle East experts put the figure closer to 300,000 -- though they concede it 's difficult to quantify a sprawling militia that has full-time and reservist cadres . The militia is known to recruit members from rural and urban areas and to organize mainly at mosques around Tehran and other major cities . Watch report on Basij militia " "  Through the mosques , they have funds , ideological and political indoctrination and military training , " said Ali Alfoneh , a fellow at the Washington-based American Enterprise Institute who has researched the relationship between Iranian civilians and the Revolutionary Guard . The Basij has had a growing role since 2003 , when it was beefed up as a first line of defense amid suspicions of a possible U.S.-led invasion , Eisenstadt said "  I think cannon fodder is a fair way to characterize them , " said Eisenstadt , who noted the militia seems to emerge during the initial moments of an uprising as the Revolutionary Guard and law enforcement forces organized their reaction . See timeline of events in Iran " While experts say there is a hardline ideological core to Basij , its members , who often come from lower-class backgrounds , are attracted to the perks that the Basij  and its superior agency , the Revolutionary Guard  has to offer : a little cash , a seat at a university and a bit of authority . "  Not every single one is devout , not every single one is ready to kill , " said Alfoneh , a native of Iran . The Basij noticeably took the lead in crowd control last week when tens of thousands of Iranian demonstrators spilled into the streets of Tehran to protest the presidential election . Iran 's election authority declared hardline incumbent President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad as the winner of the presidential race , sparking outrage in supporters of popular opposition leader Mir Hossein Moussavi . "  The first people who were really available were the Basij , " Eisenstadt told CNN . "  There are Basij bases throughout the city and beyond , and they were able to respond quickly . " As the government got a handle on the massive demonstrations in recent days , the Basij remains present and vigilant in the aftermath of the June 12 election . Badi Badiozamani , an Iran analyst , has sifted through scores of amateur video from the frontlines of the protests . Dozens of those clips show Basij members , wearing black shirts and pants or plainclothes with camouflaged vests , detaining young men outside their homes as their mothers and sisters scream in the background . One clip shows a young man whose head is hooded in a dark cloth , squatting behind a car , while another man is shown face down with his hands tied behind his back . "  We saw that these forces took the detained person out into the alley , and into an unmarked car , " Badiozamani said . "  Today I saw again Basijis grab a young man , put him on a unmarked motorcycle and take him away . "	Mysterious militia was established in 1979 by Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini During Iran-Iraq war in 1980s , they created "  human waves " to clear minefields After war , Basij returned to role of internal security force to enforce Islamic morality Basij noticeably took the lead in crowd control when street demonstrations started
CNN  -- Like many visitors in Seattle , Glenn Nagel found himself in the city trying to avoid the rain . After wandering around , he eventually made his way to the Seattle Public Library to escape the dreary weather . Little did he know that stepping into Seattle 's Central Library would spark his curiosity . The library 's geometric glass and steel interior with its sprawling "  books spiral " grabbed ahold of him . "  It 's just an incredible building , " he said , still remembering his awe during that 2013 trip . "  I spent an hour and a half just taking pictures , and while doing that , I was getting the idea that I should visit other libraries . " This past year , Nagel has traveled to 12 libraries across the United States , photographing their shelves and hallways like an explorer . He 's one of many people discovering a renewed fascination with libraries . He and other iReporters shared photos of libraries they visited with CNN iReport for National Library Week , observed April 13-19 this year . Despite the expansive digitalization of information , the use of public libraries remains popular , according to Cathy De Rosa , vice president for the Americas and global vice president of marketing at OCLC , a nonprofit computer library service organization . "  It surprises people , " she said , explaining there 's a presumption amongst the public that libraries are becoming increasingly irrelevant . But despite enduring budget cutbacks and being forced to reinvent their services in the face of the ubiquitous Internet , public libraries remain staple institutions in various communities . There 's been an increase in the use of public libraries in the U.S. over the past decade . Services such as public computers doubled in usage in the past 10 years , and libraries saw a circulation increase of 2.46 billion materials in 2010 , the highest ever reported , according to a report by the Institute of Museum and Library Services . Some libraries bring in more than just patrons . They are also popular amongst tourists , drawing visitors by the tens of thousands , if not millions . The Seattle Public Library system , for example , attracts more than 7 million people through its doors each year . "  The Central Library is one of the most beautiful modern buildings in Seattle , and it really celebrates the people , " said Andra Addison , a spokesperson for the library . Smaller libraries matter , too Americans strongly value the role of public libraries in their community , according to findings by the Pew Research Center . In fact , 94 % of people polled in 2013 said that having a public library improves the quality of life in a community . Jennifer Roberts , a writing teacher , agrees . She spent many summer days with her daughters , Lucy and Miriam , visiting their local library in Grants Pass , Oregon . But in 2007 , all the libraries in Josephine County closed down for a number of reasons . It devastated her daughters who were then 7 and 5 . "  Lucy told me she was really sad she would n't get to ` visit the books , ' " Roberts said , remembering her daughter sobbing at the news . Roberts was determined to find a way to help reopen the libraries in her area . The community banded together to raise $ 300,000 in 18 months . They even got a matching grant from Josephine County , which helped the libraries reopen . The experience helped Roberts rediscover the value of her local library . "  I actually did n't grow up visiting many libraries , " she said . "  I did n't discover that wonder until I was much older . Perhaps that 's why they seem so magical to me now . " ` Libraries reflect who we are ' Robert Dawson wanted to capture the value of public libraries through his lens . He spent the past 18 years photographing libraries and interviewing people who work and use them . In his recently published book , "  The Public Library : A Photographic Essay , " which includes hundreds of photographs of libraries in 48 states , Dawson says he was drawn to libraries because they are vital part of a community 's ecosystem . "  Often times , a library reveals things about a community . It was really sad to see a closed library when I was passing through the Mississippi Delta , " he said , explaining how that was one of the poorer regions he visited . "  I am not a librarian , but 18 years of doing this , you peel away things , " he said . "  It 's interesting how libraries reflect who we are , and what we share . Barbara Stripling , president of the American Library Association , says libraries are also incredibly transformative . These spaces offer not only information but also provide resources and opportunities to socialize . Some libraries are "  becoming more of a community sharing , learning , conversation space , " she explained . Programs such as the Chicago Public Library 's One Book , One Chicago , an initiative adopted from the Seattle Public Library , aims to rally virtual community engagement around monthly book selections . Take a tour of the world 's most exquisite libraries Others are rebranding themselves as places where people can explore their passions . Programs such as Geek the Library , which is part of OCLC , partners with libraries to promote the idea that everyone "  geeks out " about something , and a local library can help you recognize your special passion . Through his 18 years of documenting libraries , Dawson says he 's seen many of them adapt and transform for their communities . Some took on new daily roles , such as teaching people to write resumes or providing social services . "  In San Francisco , they have a dedicated social worker , especially for the homeless , " he said . Others became safe havens . "  When I was in Detroit , it one of the hottest days on record , I walked into a library . There was this huge guard at the front , the air conditioning was blasting , it was packed , and everyone was reading . And I sort of got it -- it was a place of shelter . " Olaf Eigenbrodt , librarian and senior head of user services and adviser for planning and construction at State and University Library Hamburg in Germany , says there are three main reasons why libraries continue to be popular today : They are information hotspots ; they are places communities can gather ; and they provide learning collaboration . They even provide an element of comfort . "  Libraries tend to become more cozy , relaxing and communicative places . Other than public spaces like museums , they have a certain private character , which makes them a living room for their community , " Eigenbrodt said . Dawson thinks a part of people 's fascination with libraries is sort of irrational , too , but in a good way . He attributes our love for libraries to our childhood memories . "  I think a lot of it goes back to being a kid . There 's an emotional connection that is somewhat unique . A lot of kids discover libraries with their parents when they are younger , " he explained . That affinity can be partially psychological , according to De Rosa of OCLC . "  I would find it difficult to find 10 people in a crowd who did n't have a positive experience in a library . That 's a personal thing , " she said . "  It 's why libraries continue to be relevant . " Addison , from the Seattle Public Library , says the most alluring factor of a public library is simple -- it 's free . "  Where else can you go that offers all this for free ? Whether you 're in a three-piece suit or a three-day beard , you can go into a library and be welcomed . " CNN 's Daphne Sashin and Margaret Blaha , special to CNN , contributed to this story .	National Library Week is observed from April 13 through 19 Despite the rise of the Internet , libraries continue to be popular public spaces iReporters from across the world share photos of their favorite libraries to visit
CNN  The police shooting death of a man who allegedly hurled rocks at vehicles and officers in Pasco , Washington , has sparked anger at what some say is another example of police brutality and excessive force . About 100 protesters marched outside Pasco City Hall Wednesday , with some chanting "  It was only a rock , " CNN affiliate KEPR reported . Later in the evening , more protesters took to the intersection where the shooting occurred . Police say the man -- who was later identified as Antonio Zambrano-Montes , 35 -- had allegedly been throwing rocks at cars and trucks when he was confronted by officers . Officers attempted "  voice commands and low level force , " and used a taser , police said , but those efforts were unsuccessful . After two officers were struck with rocks -- at least one of them as large as a softball -- police said the officers resorted to deadly force . A video posted on YouTube shows Zambrano running across a street with police in pursuit before he was fatally shot . The video has had 170,000 views since Wednesday . Zambrano 's family and protesters are pushing for answers . His cousins were in the crowd outside City Hall Wednesday . They told reporters Zambrano would n't have been able to understand the commands . "  He did n't understand English and they were talking to him in English , " one cousin said . "  Why not get a Hispanic officer ? " A witness , Juan Rodriguez , told KEPR that Zambrano was "  telling them to stop ... but then the cops , they did n't listen and they just shot him . All three cops started shooting him . " The shooting is under investigation by other law enforcement agencies outside the Pasco Police Department , the department said in a statement , and the officers involved have been placed on administrative leave . Franklin County Coroner Dan Blasdel said Zambrano 's shooting death was the fourth fatal officer-involved shooting in the area in the past six months . According to the Tri-City Herald , officers were cleared in the other three shootings . The coroner said his office would conduct a separate inquest in the Zambrano case with six community members after the law enforcement investigation is complete . "  I 'm looking at doing an inquest because it 's so controversial to the community , " he told CNN . "  It takes the burden off the law enforcement and puts it in the hands of the citizens , and puts the facts in public . They can decide if it was justifiable based on the facts of the case . " The results of the law enforcement investigation will be sent to the Franklin County Prosecutor 's office , which will consider whether to file charges against the officers . They were identified as Ryan Flanagan , a nine-year veteran ; Adam Wright , a firearms instructor with eight years ' experience ; and Adrian Alaniz , who has two years on the job . The shooting comes in a period of strained police-community relations following the police-involved deaths last summer of Eric Garner , 43 , on Staten Island in New York and Michael Brown , 18 , in Ferguson , Missouri . The medical examiner ruled Garner 's July 17 death a homicide due to compression of his neck and chest when he was taken down by an officer using a chokehold . His death sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Daniel Pantaleo in the case . A few weeks later , Ferguson police Officer Darren Wilson shot Brown after an altercation in the street . The death of Brown , who was unarmed , thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Police shooting death of man who allegedly hurled rocks at cars and officers investigated The man was identified as Antonio Zambrano-Montes , 35 Three officers have been placed on administrative leave
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The woman who Jennifer Aniston , Cher , Melanie Griffith and other stars have trusted with their skin allegedly could n't be trusted with their credit cards , according to federal authorities . Federal agents arrested Beverly Hills spa owner Gabriella Perez on charges of using her celebrity clients ' credit card information to make fraudulent purchases totaling at least $ 280,000 , according to the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles . Perez , who described herself as a "  skin artist " on her business website , was arrested without incident Wednesday afternoon , the prosecutor 's office said . Chez Gabriela Studio is "  the temple of beauty " for Beverly Hills , its website said . "  Gabriela is my favorite ass kicking facialist , " the website quoted Cher saying . "  She is the Michelangelo of skin care ! " The criminal complaint named actress Liv Tyler as a major victim , with $ 214,000 in allegedly fraudulent charges made by Perez on her American Express card last year . High-end jewelry designer Loree Rodkin was the first client to alert federal investigators , the complaint said . The complaint alleges Perez "  fraudulently charged numerous times on her  Rodkin 's  Visa credit card from the studio . " When Rodkin 's lawyer tried to resolve the charges with Perez , she allegedly offered her $ 25,000 in services in exchange for the $ 68,000 in allegedly fraudulent charges , the complaint said . The list of victims , based on information given to investigators by Rodkin 's lawyer , included Cher , Aniston , Tyler , Griffith , Anne Hathaway and Scott Speedman , the complaint said . The spa 's website says its celebrity clientele also includes Halle Berry , Penelope Cruz , Amber Valletta and Mia Wasikowska .	NEW : Actress Liv Tyler was allegedly taken for $ 214,000 Feds say other victims include Cher , Jennifer Aniston , Melanie Griffith Gabriella Perez arrested without incident Wednesday afternoon Beverly Hills spa touts itself as a "  temple of beauty " on its website
CNN  -- The teenage fugitive suspected of flying a stolen plane to the Bahamas over the weekend may have surfaced Wednesday night , authorities there said . "  We 've had some sightings of the individual , " said Glenn Miller , assistant commissioner of the Royal Bahamas Police Force . Colton Harris-Moore , dubbed the "  barefoot bandit , " may have been seen Wednesday evening on Abaco Island , Miller said . "  An individual was spotted , white male , running in the bushes , " Miller said . "  We suspect it 's him , and we advise him to turn himself in . " Harris-Moore , 19 , has been linked to the theft of a single-engine plane Sunday at Monroe County Airport in Bloomington , Indiana . Bruce Payton , the airport director , said a 2009 Cessna 400 Corvalis was reported missing from a locked hangar . He said the Coast Guard told the owner of the plane that an emergency location transmitter on the Cessna was sending out a beacon from the Bahamas . The plane was found just off Abaco , Miller said , and investigators took evidence from the aircraft . He also said police were looking into several reported thefts and break-ins reported in the area since the crash-landing . Abaco Island has a population of approximately 15,000 to 20,000 , Miller said . But he cautioned that it is "  a huge land mass where someone can hide . " The island , about 180 miles east of southern Florida , covers about 650 square miles . Abaco and Grand Bahamas are the northernmost islands in the chain . Harris-Moore 's years on the run began in Oregon and Washington , where he was linked to a series of home break-ins . Over the past month , officials say he has moved eastward . Authorities believe he may have broken into airports in South Dakota and Nebraska . He also has been suspected of stealing several cars . A warrant for his arrest has been issued in Nebraska . The FBI is offering a $ 10,000 reward for information leading to his arrest .	Police : Person who might have been Colton Harris-Moore was seen "  running in the bushes " Harris-Moore is suspected of stealing plane that was flown from Indiana to the Bahamas Several thefts and break-ins have been reported since then , police say
CNN  -- You may already know that President Barack Obama 's "  Four more years " was the top post on Twitter in 2012 . But what was yours ? As part of its annual year-end roundup , the micro-blogging site is for the first time letting users look back to see their own activity , from their most-shared tweet to their most-used words and even their "  Golden Follower . " The tool "  My Year on Twitter , " created by social data aggregators Vizify , collects tweets since January to rank users ' activity . "  Every day , we 're amazed and humbled by the many ways in which people use Twitter , which range from simply retweeting to igniting conversations with hashtags  even around lesser-known topics  to sharing spectacular and far-flung views , " Twitter editorial director Karen Wickre wrote in a blog post . In addition to letting users see their most shared tweet and the follower who has interacted with them the most , the feature shows the 10 words users employed most often . It also lets users scroll through a timeline of their 2012 tweets . The feature is a personal twist on what 's become a yearly tradition for Twitter : rounding up the most high-profile uses of the site . Obama 's post-election tweet , featuring a photo of him and first lady Michelle Obama hugging , was retweeted more than 810,000 times and "  favorited " more than 300,000 . It became the most retweeted post in the site 's history . Other top tweets included teen pop idol Justin Bieber 's tribute to a 6-year-old fan who died of brain cancer and a profane screed by Green Bay Packers offensive lineman T.J. Lang after a controversial call by one of the NFL 's replacement referees helped lead to a loss for his team . The site 's most popular hashtag was #nowplaying , used to talk about music , with #oomf  short for "  one of my followers "  coming in second . #NFL was the top sports term , "  Family Guy " topped the TV list and rapper Rick Ross was No. 1 among music tweets .  Shockingly , Twitter darling Bieber did n't make the Top 10 . The site also listed some of the most influential people who joined the site in 2012 , from actress Betty White to rocker Neil Young to soccer legend Pele and Pope Benedict XVI .	New Twitter tool lets users see their top tweets , interactions of 2012 "  My Year on Twitter " was created by Vizify for the site 's year-end roundup President Obama 's "  Four more years " tweet was the site 's most-shared in its history Pope , Pele and Betty White are among the celebrities who joined Twitter in 2012
CNN  -- Motley Crue singer Vince Neil checked out of a Sydney , Australia , hospital less than a day after surgery to remove kidney stones that forced a quick end to a Sunday concert , his manager said Monday . Neil boarded a jet bound for Brisbane , where the Motley Crue show will go on Tuesday night , manager Allen Kovac told CNN . "  Vince is a remarkable frontman who has an amazing track record of performing for Motley Crue fans for 30 years , " Kovac said . "  Severe pain " from kidney stones forced Neil , 52 , to cut short Sunday 's show after just four songs , guitarist Nikki Sixx told fans on his Facebook page . "  He was doubled over on his dressing room floor five minutes  till showtime  and was told by the promoter to not even play , but Vince said he could n't do that to the fans , " Sixx said . "  I 've seen Vinnie go onstage with broken bones , his voice completely blown out and torn ligaments but he never ever cancels . Just like an athlete you sometimes have to play through the pain , but last night it became  too  excruciating . " Surgeons removed Neil 's stones early Monday , Kovac said . "  He has been having problems for the last few days with kidney stones , " Kovac said . "  Vince is a warrior who has played shows through a wide ranging list of injuries . If there is a way to safely perform , he always does , " Kovac said . "  In nearly 20 years of managing Motley Crue , I ca n't recall a show the band has canceled . " CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	NEW : Vince Neil checks out of hospital and heads to Brisbane , Australia , for concert Neil underwent surgery to remove kidney stones Monday morning , manager says Nikki Sixx : "  He was doubled over on his dressing room floor five minutes " till showtime "  He has been having problems for the last few days with kidney stones , " manager says
LONDON , England -- A mother is seeking to have the womb of her severely disabled daughter removed to prevent the 15-year-old from feeling the pain and discomfort of menstruation . Doctors in Britain are now taking legal advice to see if they are permitted to carry out the hysterectomy on Katie Thorpe , who suffers from cerebral palsy . But a charity campaigning for the disabled said on Monday the move could infringe human rights and would set a "  disturbing precedent . " Andy Rickell , executive director of disability charity Scope , told the Press Association : "  It is very difficult to see how this kind of invasive surgery , which is not medically necessary and which will be very painful and traumatic , can be in Katie 's best interests . "  This case raises fundamental ethical issues about the way our society treats disabled people and the respect we have for disabled people 's human and reproductive rights . Watch why the surgery is so controversial " "  If this enforced sterilization is approved , it will have disturbing implications for young disabled girls across Britain . " Katie 's mother Alison Thorpe , who lives in Billericay , southern England , said the operation was in her daughter 's best interests . "  First of all , this is not about me . If it was about me , I would have given up caring for Katie a long , long while ago , " she told GMTV . "  It is about quality of life and for Katie to not have the associated problems of menstruation adds to her quality of life . It means she can continue with the quality of life we can give her now . "  Katie would n't understand menstruation at all . She has no comprehension about what will be happening to her body . All she would feel is the discomfort , the stomach cramps and the headaches , the mood swings , the tears , and wonder what is going on . " Thorpe said an operation would be best for Katie , despite the initial pain it would cause . She added : "  The short-term pain and discomfort we can manage with painkillers . We will be able to manage that pain much better than menstruation once a month , when Katie can not tell us ` I 'm in pain . ' " E-mail to a friend	Mother seeks to have womb of severely disabled daughter , 15 , removed Briton wants to prevent cerebral palsy sufferer feeling pain of menstruation UK doctors seek legal advice to see if they can perform hysterectomy Charity for disabled says move could infringe human rights
CNN  -- In-vitro fertilization is growing fast in Nigeria , a country where childlessness can be seen as a social failure , especially for women . Nigeria 's first in-vitro fertilization clinic was only opened in 1999 , but there are now around 16 in the country . Dr Richard Ajayi , director of the Lagos-based Bridge Clinic , says he has a vision of making the treatment easily accessible . "  Where you have a marriage that 's not blessed with children there 's a lot of stigmatization , " says Ajayi . "  In fact , some people say infertility is a justifiable reason for divorce and a lot of marriages break up where there 's infertility , " he adds . Nigeria is Africa 's most populous nation with some 150 million people , but it has a large fertility problem . The prevalence of infertility in Nigeria is about 25 % , compared to 10 to 15 % in the U.S. and UK , according to Friday Okonofua , professor of obstetrics and gynecology at the university of Benin , in Nigeria . IVF , the assisted reproductive technology that has helped countless couples around the world , is often unavailable or unaffordable in many developing countries . Ajayi , who used to live in the UK , says that for many years the only option for childless Nigerian couples was to travel abroad to get treatment . "  I was surprised by the large number of Nigerians that were constantly coming to the UK for treatment and after a few years of watching them , my entrepreneurial nerve started to twitch and I thought to myself there 's a major opportunity in Nigeria , " he says . Ajayi returned to Nigeria to help set up its first IVF treatment clinic in 1999 and he now runs four IVF treatment clinics across the country . Each of his clinics treats up to 700 patients a year , with what he says is a success rate of over 30 % for women under 36 years old . But overcoming these biological realities ultimately helps couples overcome the enormous social pressure as well . Marcia Inhorn , professor of anthropology and international affairs at Yale University , says that in many developing nations the greatest social burden of infertility rests on the shoulders of married women , who are expected to become pregnant . They can experience "  social scrutiny and ostracism " if they do n't have children , she says . "  This is especially true in ` high-fertility ' societies of sub-Saharan Africa , where infertile women suffer from ` barrenness amidst plenty , ' " explains Inhorn , who is co-author of "  Infertility Around the Globe . " She says the social suffering associated with infertility seems to be worse when women are expected to have many children , and can lead to depression , despair , and threats of divorce . In sub-Saharan Africa , many infertility problems in women are related to untreated or poorly treated reproductive tract infections , which could easily be prevented with early detection . However , Inhorn says most of the world 's infertility cases involve male infertility , which is a "  hidden " and neglected reproductive health problem . "  Women often carry the burden of their husband 's infertility , even when they themselves are healthy and fertile , " she says . The Bridge Clinic claims to have had 1,253 live births since 2000 . Treatment can cost up to $ 5,000 , since maintaining a professional standard in a country with a lack of trained IVF staff is not cheap . But healthcare , Ajayi says , is not about numbers . "  It 's not just about making money , it 's about actually doing something worthwhile and having a clear vision to solve a problem that the country needs solving and at the same time building a institution that outlives me , " he says .	In Nigeria there can be a stigma attached to childless marriage Infertility twice as common in Nigeria as U.S. , according to expert Dr Richard Ajayi is helping make IVF easily accessible in In Nigeria
CNN  -- The Archdiocese of Philadelphia barred two more priests from ministry on Friday amid allegations of child sexual abuse , bringing the tally to nine clergymen banned from the embattled church since May . Archbishop Charles Chaput said Rev. John Bowe , 64 , and Rev. David Givey , 68 , did not sexually abuse minors , but violated what the church defines as the "  boundaries of appropriate behavior in all interactions with children and young people . " "  We 're not commenting on specifics for what could be a variety of reasons , " said archdiocese spokesman Kenneth A. Gavin , who declined to elaborate . Connecticut priest charged with possession of child porn Bowe and Givey , who both have served as clergymen for nearly four decades , have the right to an appeal . They could not be immediately reached for comment Friday . The announcement leaves 12 pending cases of the 26 Philadelphia priests suspended following a February 2011 grand jury investigation into the archdiocese 's handling of child sex abuse allegations . The report determined that at least 37 priests had been permitted to keep working "  despite reports that they have engaged in improper behavior with minors . " In May , five priests were barred from ministry following a church investigation into accusations of child sex abuse . Less than three weeks later and in a separate probe , two others were barred due to allegations of sexual abuse of minors . With nearly 1.5 million members , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia is one of the largest in the nation . Friday 's announcement comes exactly two weeks after Monsignor William Lynn was convicted of child endangerment in the landmark case . The jury was unable to bring a verdict against his co-defendant , the Rev. James Brennan , who was charged with attempted rape of a 14-year-old altar boy and endangering the welfare of a child . Defrocked priest Edward Avery was due to also go on trial with Brennan and Lynn , but pleaded guilty in March to involuntary deviate sexual intercourse after admitting to sexually assaulting a 10-year-old altar boy during the 1998-99 school year at St. Jerome Parish . Alleged victim of clergy abuse acquitted of attacking retired priest	The Philadelphia Archdiocese bars two more priests from ministry The archdiocese says the priests did not sexually abuse minors , but violated boundaries Friday 's announcement leaves 12 pending cases of 26 Philadelphia priests suspended
CNN  -- The 2012 shooting at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Connecticut was tragic enough , but what has been playing out over the last few weeks has made the story even more stomach-wrenching . More than half the money raised by the 26.4.26 Foundation , a Tennessee-based charity that ostensibly was established to help the shooting victims ' families , has turned up missing along with one of the organization 's co-founders . As I write this column , law enforcement officials here in my state and elsewhere are trying to figure out why about $ 70,000 of the more than $ 100,000 raised by the group never made it to those families . Unfortunately , this type of story has become far too common among charitable organizations . There are unscrupulous people in the world who try to exploit tragedies in order to enrich themselves . These people take advantage of the wonderful human trait of compassion for others . They undermine the most noble of selfless acts made on behalf of our brothers and sisters in need . So while our generous response to tragic events such as floods , fires , earthquakes or horrific crimes is admirable , it needs to be tempered with a sense of caution . When we spend our hard-earned money to buy goods or services , it is reasonable to compare prices and research product quality . We do this because we want to make wise purchasing decisions . It is imperative that we apply the same logic to our charitable contributions . In Tennessee , with a few exceptions , charitable organizations are required to register with the Secretary of State 's Division of Charitable Solicitations and Gaming and file annual financial reports . Many other states have similar reporting requirements . Would-be donors who take the time to review these reports can learn a lot about charities that are soliciting funds -- such as how much of their funds are used for administrative costs and other expenses and how much are used to actually provide services to the needy . Of course , not all charities follow the law . The 26.4.26 Foundation did n't register in Tennessee . If a charity has n't registered in a state where it 's required to do so , then that should raise a red flag for potential donors . In addition to the information charities must provide to state governments , there are nonprofit organizations such as the Better Business Bureau , Charity Navigator , Charity Watch and GuideStar that can be useful resources . Also , it helps to follow some basic rules before making a donation to a charity . Reputable charities should n't object if you want to do some research and send them a donation later . Ask questions such as : -- How will the money you donate be used ? -- How long has the charity been in operation ? Where are its offices ? -- What types of programs and services would your donation help fund ? -- How much of the donation would be spent on the organization 's administrative expenses and other costs ? -- Would a portion of the donation be kept by the solicitor as a fee ? If you get vague or unsatisfactory answers to those types of questions , you need to carefully consider whether your money might be better spent elsewhere . Also , do n't ever make cash contributions . It 's much easier for cash to be misspent and it 's more difficult for donors to claim cash contributions as deductions on their tax forms . When paying by check , make the check payable to the organization , not an individual . And only pay with a credit card if the organization is well established and highly trusted . Otherwise , you may be opening yourself up to the potential of identity theft . When tragedy strikes , we should help victims as quickly as possible . However , by taking the time to do a little research before giving to a charity , donors could prevent their money from falling into the wrong hands . And that , in turn , would help ensure that the truly needy get the aid and comfort they deserve . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tre Hargett .	Money from a charity to help victims of Sandy Hook shooting has gone missing Tre Hargett : Sham charities that exploit compassionate people are more common He says Americans must do some research on charities before donating money Hargett : Do n't let your money fall into the wrong hands , and never give cash
Violence in the streets of Damascus . A growing refugee crisis . Calls for outside intervention . Reading the grim headlines out of Syria , it 's easy to forget how we even got to this point . Here 's a refresher course to get you up to speed . Overview The Syrian regime , led by President Bashar al-Assad , launched a violent crackdown last year on activists demanding more economic prosperity , political freedom and civil liberties . This sparked a nationwide uprising and eventually a civil war with armed rebels , many of whom defected from the military . As of July , the conflict had claimed an estimated 17,000 lives , mostly civilians , according to the United Nations . And more than 170,000 people have fled the Middle East nation to seek refuge in neighboring countries such as Iraq , Jordan and Turkey . Throughout the uprising , the Syrian government has referred to the opposition as terrorists trying to destabilize the country . Opposition leaders say that 's just the regime 's way of justifying attacks . U.S. President Barack Obama and many other global leaders have called on al-Assad to give up the power his family has held since 1970 . They 've also imposed economic sanctions on Syria as they try to find a diplomatic solution to the crisis . How it started In January 2011 , revolution in Tunisia marked the start of the so-called Arab Spring . Tunisia 's successful uprising inspired similar unrest in countries throughout North Africa and the Middle East -- countries that , like Tunisia , were experiencing high unemployment , corruption and political repression under longtime autocratic leaders . In March 2011 , violence broke out in Daraa , Syria , after a group of children and teenagers were arrested for writing political graffiti . Dozens of people were killed when security forces cracked down on protesters . Demonstrators soon called for al-Assad to leave office , following in the footsteps of Egypt 's Hosni Mubarak and Tunisia 's Zine el Abidine Ben Ali . Al-Assad promised to make changes , and he lifted the country 's state-of-emergency law , which for 48 years gave the regime the power to detain anyone without charge and hold them indefinitely . But just four days after the emergency law was lifted in April 2011 , the Syrian regime sent thousands of troops into Daraa for a wide-scale crackdown , witnesses said . Since then , the violence has only increased , spreading throughout the country and becoming a full-fledged civil war between the regime and an armed resistance . By the summer of 2012 , the clashes had reached Damascus , Syria 's capital , and Aleppo , its largest city . Timeline : From uprising to civil war Who is al-Assad ? Bashar al-Assad has been president since his father , Hafez , died in 2000 . Hafez ruled Syria for nearly 30 years and was supposed to be succeeded by oldest son Basel , but Basel died in a car crash in 1994 . When Bashar took office at the age of 34 , Western nations had hopes that he might be more moderate than his father , a hard-line Soviet ally . Bashar , young and Western-educated , was at one time studying in London to become an eye doctor . The al-Assad family is Alawite , a Shiite Muslim offshoot that 's one of the minorities in a country that is nearly three-quarters Sunni . Bashar has filled key positions in his government with extended family members , and many of his supporters are Alawites and other minorities who fear what might happen if the Sunnis were to gain power . Will Syria 's first lady take a stand or stand by her man ? Who are the rebels ? The opposition has become larger , more organized and better armed since the start of the uprising . Many of the fighters are ex-soldiers who defected from the military , but there are also civilians who have taken up the fight against the al-Assad regime . "  I go to war for my family , for my country , " said Soukrot Amin , a 23-year-old volunteer in the Free Syrian Army . "  Because  al-Assad  has killed everyone . He killed my cousin . He destroyed my village . He destroyed my home . " The Free Syrian Army , the primary opposition group , emerged in July 2011 , claiming responsibility for an attack on an air intelligence base . It is not the only militia opposing al-Assad , however , and there are questions about how unified the opposition truly is . CNN inside Syria : Faces of the Free Syrian Army Overall , the rebels have showed that they can effectively attack the regime . But it has been unable to hold major cities for long , frequently retreating under the pressure of a powerful Syrian military that is better equipped and has airstrike capabilities . Outside intervention The United States and many of its Western allies have imposed economic sanctions against Syria , condemning al-Assad and demanding that he leave power . But they have not persuaded the U.N. Security Council to do the same . China and Russia -- two of Syria 's commercial partners -- have vetoed several proposed resolutions on Syria . Without international consensus , most countries have been hesitant to intervene militarily . Saudi Arabia and Qatar , two Sunni-led countries in the Middle East , are believed to be sending arms to the opposition . But the United States is providing only non-lethal aid and humanitarian assistance . On the other side , Iran is supporting al-Assad and the Syrian regime , as is Lebanon-based Hezbollah , another Shiite ally . What 's at stake for Syria 's neighbors The U.N. , through former Secretary-General Kofi Annan , proposed a peace plan this year and sent a team of observers into the country to observe a cease-fire that was supposed to go into effect . But violence persisted , the observers were withdrawn , and Annan resigned his post as special envoy . Why Syria matters Of course , there is the humanitarian crisis , with people dying , starving and in need of aid . The U.N. says the violence has made it difficult for many Syrians to access food , water , electricity and medical supplies , forcing tens of thousands to flee the country . But Syria 's key role in the heart of the Middle East means there might also be long-term geopolitical consequences at stake . Many analysts see the conflict as a proxy war between Iran and its Sunni Arab rivals in the region , between Iran and the United States , and even between the United States and Russia -- the latter "  about who is going to have more say in the future of the region and on what terms the international community will intervene in conflicts such as Syria , " said Nader Mousavizadeh , chief executive of Oxford Analytica . Why Americans should care about Syria Because the Syrian regime is Alawite and the majority of the country is Sunni , there is also concern that Syria could devolve , like Iraq once did , into a bloody , sectarian battle that could further destabilize the region . And any time you talk about instability in the Middle East , there are worries about al Qaeda and other hard-line militants filling any power vacuums or failed states . Then there is the Arab-Israeli issue to consider . Syria has been a key Palestinian ally through the years , actively supporting Hamas and Hezbollah while sharing a border with Israel . What will the Syrian outcome mean for Mideast peace ? As Henry Kissinger , the former U.S. diplomat , once said , "  The Arabs ca n't make war without Egypt , and they ca n't make peace without Syria . "	Syria 's uprising , which started in early 2011 , has turned into a full-fledged civil war Thousands of Syrians have been killed , and many more have fled the country Global leaders are calling for President Bashar al-Assad to step down Al-Assad says the rebels are terrorists who want to destabilize the country
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- If cranes are a visual barometer of the economic vibe of a city then central Beirut is buzzing . Targeted car bombings linked to the ongoing Syrian conflict have raised anxiety and hurt overall growth in the Lebanese capital in recent years . But this seems to be a city that endures when it comes to real estate . During the boom years towards the end of the last decade , total sales rose by 36 % here hitting nearly $ 9.5 billion in 2010 , according to Bank Audi . And even though there was a slowdown last year , real estate purchases fell just 2.4 % to $ 8.7 billion . According to local property expert Freddie Baz , financial troubles elsewhere in the world have failed to dampen local or international interest in Lebanon 's high end property market . "  Despite figures which show some kind of slowdown or stagnation , there are 400 real estate projects which are ongoing in Beirut , corresponding to close to 2 million square meters of development , " Baz said . One such initiative is the 3 Beirut project in the center of the city 's bustling business district . Although a couple of years behind schedule , the structure designed by British architects Foster & Partners is comfortably selling units priced as high as $ 10,000 per square meter  $ 929 per sq ft  , senior adviser to the project , Farris Fara , told CNN . Elsewhere , developers like Karim Basal have been throwing up boutique , modern apartments with a total area between 30 and 70 square meters to cater for modern city living . On the city 's waterfront , meanwhile , British design firm Stow is making a statement with the edgy Le Yacht Club leisure and residence development . This particular area of the city has had huge support from Lebanese investors based abroad . Over the last 6 years , there 's been nearly $ 100 billion of net inflows into the country , more than half of which came in the midst of the financial crisis between 2008 and 2010 . "  At the end of the day , they  Lebanese investors  are working all over the world , Europe , GCC  Gulf  countries but they all need to come and own part of the country , " said general manager of Le Yacht Club , Walid Kanaan . Kanaan said he has sold a fifth of the flats ahead of the delayed opening in April with almost all going to Lebanese people outside the country . While these investors may not suffer the first hand effects of car bombs or other violent spillover from Syria , Beirut 's continuing appeal is a sign that this city has been shaken but not toppled during another period of regional uncertainty . See also : London 's insane luxury basements See also : Paris metro stations get stunning second life See also : Can tiny emirate outshine Dubai	Property in Beirut has grown impressively despite war in neighboring Syria Real estate purchases totaled $ 8.7 billion in 2014 alone Roughly 400 building projects are currently underway in the Lebanese capital , local experts say
CNN  -- An American man who was held in Aruba for nearly four months in connection with the disappearance of his traveling companion insisted Thursday he had nothing to do with her vanishing but said it will "  weigh heavily on me for a very long time . " "  I feel as if a person I cared about , a companion ... has disappeared on my watch , " Gary Giordano said on ABC 's "  Good Morning America " in his first interview since being released from custody in Aruba earlier this week . Giordano , 50 , had been held in the disappearance of 35-year-old Robyn Gardner of Maryland . Giordano told authorities the two were snorkeling on August 2 when he signaled to Gardner to swim back . When he reached the beach , he told police , Gardner was nowhere to be found and has not been seen since . "  I only looked back when I hit a rock , " he said , according to a transcript of a police interview obtained by CNN . "  Before that , I did not look back . I was busy saving my life . " Aruban judges repeatedly granted requests to extend Giordano 's detention , while the investigation continued . But last week , a judge rejected prosecutors ' request to hold Giordano , of Gaithersburg , Maryland , for an additional 30 days . He was released Tuesday . A three-judge panel of Aruban judges held a hearing Wednesday to review the decision to release Giordano , but upheld it . ABC aired a clip of an emotional Giordano learning of the decision at the airport . "  I 'd accepted the fact that they were going to keep me from my kids forever , " he told reporters in the video . Aruban prosecutor Taco Stein said Monday he was aware Giordano was going to return home after being freed . "  If we need him again , we will seek extradition with the United States , " he said . The unresolved case has raised a host of questions , including the nature of the relationship between Gardner and Giordano . His U.S.-based lawyer , Jose Baez , told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell on Thursday night that the two were both single and their personal activities -- including photographs taken by Giordano of the people that have been widely speculated about -- are irrelevant to what happened on the beach that summer day . "  What they do in the privacy of their own bedroom is their business , and really has nothing to do with this except scandalizing the case and trying to cast more aspersions on Gary and his lifestyle , " Baez said . The attorney said that the couple were "  not exclusive . " Responding to a question about whether Giordano was a swinger , Baez said , "  Gary has a different lifestyle than perhaps you and I. " "  These were things that the this couple did , and they did not only with each other but with other individuals , " the lawyer added , referring to what transpired involving Giordano and Gardner before she went missing . In his own interview Thursday with ABC , Giordano -- flanked , at the time , by Baez -- disputed allegations he and Gardner had been drinking and that he took her to a "  remote location . " "  We were a sober couple , " he said . " ... We were 100 yards from a scuba diving store . " The two were in view of other people at Baby Beach the day Gardner disappeared , he said . While Giordano answered specific questions -- at one point saying , "  Here , I 'll just interview myself " -- he refused to give an entire account of that day , saying , "  I 'm not going to sit here and answer something I 've answered repeatedly . " But he said he was not hurriedly attempting to escape from Aruba when he was detained at the airport August 5 . He said following Gardner 's disappearance , he met with her mother and with a U.S. Embassy representative . Both told him that he should go ahead and return to the United States on his scheduled flight , he said , and police said he was free to go . He said he was running through the airport to catch the last flight home , as the airport was closing because of a tropical storm passing north of the island . Asked about a surveillance video showing him just after Gardner disappeared , Giordano disputed that he appeared to be dry and said he was exhausted from swimming back to shore , explaining why he did not appear to be acting more urgently . When seeking help , he said he found "  nobody there ... I 'm supposed to scream into the air ? " Giordano was asked about a $ 1.5 million life insurance policy he took out on Gardner days before they traveled to Aruba . He said he purchased travel cancellation insurance on a website and also purchased medical , dental and accident insurance on both him and Gardner . Because both people were listed on the cancellation policy , the site automatically assigned Gardner the other insurance , he said . "  You ca n't unselect anybody . " He said he routinely purchases such insurance when traveling . "  I have children , " he said . "  I have a house ... I maxed out on everything ... I was selecting it for me and she got the same thing . " Giordano acknowledged he inquired about the policy two days after Gardner disappeared but said he was told by his then-attorney Michael Lopez to do so . Lopez told him that he could be billed for helicopters and scuba divers used to search for Gardner , he said . He told "  Good Morning America " that a travel handbook issued by the Dutch government advises travelers , in the case of a missing person , to call authorities and then call their insurance company . Baez , who represented Casey Anthony earlier this year , suggested in the "  Good Morning America " interview that Lopez might have had a financial motive for advising Giordano to call the insurance company . He alleged Lopez was "  seeing dollar signs " and attempted to get Giordano to sign a retainer agreement giving him one-third of the insurance money . Reached by telephone in Aruba on Thursday , Lopez denied that , saying his agreement with Giordano did not give him one-third of the money . Giordano vehemently denied any involvement in Gardner 's disappearance . Asked if he would do anything differently if given the chance , he said , "  Absolutely . That 's a silly question ... I would n't have come  to Aruba  . " But , he added , "  You ca n't unring a bell . " His lawyer , Baez , likewise claimed that critics are looking for a scapegoat in Gardner 's disappearance . "  Everything that they have said in a negative way towards Gary is really supposition upon supposition , guess upon guess , " he told HLN . "  And just because she has n't been recovered or found , they 're just pointing their finger toward a convenient person , which is Gary . " CNN 's Martin Savidge contributed to this report .	NEW : Giordano 's "  different lifestyle " is irrelevant to his guilt or innocence , his lawyer says The Maryland man gives his first interview since his release from jail in Aruba He denies any involvement in Robyn Gardner 's August 2 disappearance Giordano says he bought travel insurance , and Gardner was automatically included
BURSA , Turkey  CNN  -- Armenian President Serzh Sarkisian Wednesday became the first Armenian head of state to travel to Turkey to attend a soccer game between the two countries ' national teams . Armenian President Serzh Sarkasian  right  pictured with Turkish counterpart Abdullah Gul during Gul 's visit to Yerevan in 2008 . Sarkisian and Turkish president Abdullah Gul arrived at the stadium in Bursa together in a car flying the national flags of both countries . In an exclusive interview with CNN before the game , Gul said the event opened a new chapter for relations between Armenia and Turkey . But when asked , he avoided saying whether the border between the two neighbors would be opened before 2010 . At the match , Turkish supporters vastly outnumbered Armenian fans and gave the Armenian national anthem the standard treatment for most visiting foreign teams -- they booed . Small pockets of Armenian supporters waved the tri-color flag of Armenia . Turkey won the World Cup qualifying group game 2-0 but with both countries already unable to progress to the 2010 tournament in South Africa , the significance of the game was in its symbolism . This round of "  football diplomacy , " comes just days after the two governments signed a historic series of protocols to establish diplomatic relations between the two neighbors . "  This is going to be the biggest change in the South Caucasus since 1994 , " said Gevorg Tel-Gabrielyan , the Armenia country director for the Eurasia Partnership Foundation . He was in Bursa on Wednesday , hosting a conference of Armenian and Turkish academics examining bilateral relations . "  If this happens , " he added , "  its going to change geopolitics in the region . " Armenia and Turkey have been separated by nearly a century of animosity and distrust . The protocols call for establishment of embassies in each others ' capitals , and for re-opening the Turkish-Armenian border , which has been closed since 1993 . The soccer game was also being held in Bursa , which centuries ago was the capital of the Ottoman Empire . Thousands of police were deployed to maintain strict security . On Tuesday , Turkey 's prime minister made a public appeal to Turkish football fans , to greet Sarkisian with hospitality and to avoid provocations . Despite strong support from the United States , the European Union and Russia , there is considerable opposition among nationalists in Turkey and Armenia to the peace process . Sarkisian has been met by angry protests both within Armenia and among the influential diaspora communities in the United States , France and Lebanon . Thousands of protesters in the Armenian capital marched to the country 's genocide memorial chanting "  no concessions to the Turks , " last week . Armenia has long demanded that Turkey recognize the World War I-era massacre of hundreds of thousands of ethnic Armenians by Ottoman Turkish soldiers as genocide . Modern-day Turkey vehemently denies a genocide took place and is calling for an international commission of historical experts to examine these tragic events . Meanwhile , opposition party leaders in Turkey have criticized the agreement , as has Turkey 's close ally in the Caucasus , Azerbaijan . Azerbaijan fought and lost a war against Armenia in the early 1990s . On Sunday , Turkey 's prime minister made a fresh call for Armenia to withdraw its troops from the disputed Azerbaijani territory of Nagorno-Karabakh . For the new agreement to go into effect , the documents must first be put to a vote in the Turkish and Armenian parliaments . There is no guarantee lawmakers will ratify the agreement . The process of unraveling the complicated network of regional , domestic and historical grievances dividing Armenia and Turkey was jump-started in September of 2008 , when Gul traveled to Yerevan to attend a football match between the two national teams . The diplomatic rapprochement has also gotten valuable support from powerful patrons , experts say . "  This is one of the few places in the world where Russia and the United States are pulling in the same direction , " says Hugh Pope , an expert on Turkey with the International Crisis Group . "  Both want to see a more stable Caucasus . " Russian foreign minister Sergei Lavrov and U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton were both present at the signing ceremony for the Turkish-Armenian agreement in Switzerland on Saturday . Wednesday 's game in Bursa was the final match for the coach of the Turkish national team , Fatih Terim , who announced his resignation after Turkey 's most recent football defeat . Despite that , the headline in one of Turkey 's biggest newspapers billed today 's football game "  Our most challenging match . "	Armenian president 's visit comes amid thaw in relations between neighbors Turkey , Armenia signed protocols at weekend to establish diplomatic ties President Sarkisian has faced angry protests at home over rapprochement Sarkisian attends soccer match ; Gul attended match in Yerevan last year
Washington  CNN  -- Republican presidential candidate Mitt Romney is a multimillionaire who wanted elevators for his luxury cars and whose wife wears $ 1,000 designer T-shirts . Barack Obama , even before being elected president , was an academic intellectual who made millions writing books and then became a professorial media darling who hobnobbed with Hollywood celebrities and Wall Street investment bankers . Yet each candidate accuses the other of being out of touch , unable to connect with everyday people . Just look at their gaffes last week over the ailing economy . Romney called Obama "  out of touch " on Friday after the president declared the "  private sector is doing just fine . " The Obama campaign hit back in a video accusing Romney of being insensitive to the middle class because "  he wants to cut jobs for firefighters , police and teachers . " Obama : They still like him , but will they vote for him ? Both candidates are virtually tied in national horse-race polls , although Obama enjoys a sizable lead when it comes to "  likabilty " among voters . Every quarter , they are outraising each other with millions of dollars in campaign contributions from big money and small donors alike . Their core supporters are passionate , although somewhat restrained early in the campaign . Still , there is a perceived distance between them and many voters . Obama ca n't shake the "  elite professor " label , while Romney is seen as a rich guy 's "  rich guy . " But if previous presidential candidates are any indication , America rarely elects "  everyday " folks into office . In modern times , the voters tend to elect wealthy politicos -- often those who hail from political dynasties . The electorate seems to want a mix of personality and power , but only if they come with a pedigree and bank account to match . "  There is n't any connection between connecting with an average voter and being an average voter , " said Julian Zelizer , a CNN contributor and history and public affairs professor at Princeton University who has written books on former Presidents George W. Bush , Ronald Reagan and Jimmy Carter . Take Bush , for example . He was a wealthy businessman and former Texas governor whose father , George H.W. Bush , was the nation 's 41st president . The younger Bush owned a baseball team , grew up around big oil and was said to have a net worth of more than $ 25 million . Yet routinely he topped informal "  which candidate would you like to have a beer with ? " polls and was generally deemed an affable "  guy 's guy . " Reagan was a popular actor-turned-governor who made his money as a spokesman for General Electric . Carter was a rich peanut farmer-turned-governor . John F. Kennedy was heir to a wealthy and powerful political leadership legacy . "  There 's something instinctive that many voters think if you lived in the same circumstances as most Americans you can understand them , " Zelizer said . "  It 's a conventional wisdom that does n't mesh with presidential history . " There have been some modern presidents who come from humbler beginnings . Both Bill Clinton and Obama were raised by parents who struggled to make ends meet . Gerald Ford and Richard Nixon also hailed from working-class roots . Stanley : Are politicians too rich to understand us ? Neither Romney nor Obama could be considered "  everyday people " by most measures . While the median U.S. household income is about $ 50,000 a year , only a few regular voters are worth more than $ 250 million such as Romney or have best-selling books and a personal wealth of up to $ 8.3 million such as Obama . Family net worth plummets nearly 40 % Still much ado has been made in this campaign cycle about Romney 's disconnect with voters . His gaffes in name-dropping his NASCAR-owning friends and comments about owning more than one Cadillac may rub some voters the wrong way . For Romney , a lot of that may have less to do with his wealth than the perception of his stiff demeanor , said Jennifer Duffy , a senior editor with The Cook Political Report . "  I do n't think Romney is ever going to be seen as an average guy , " Duffy said . "  Contrast him with Bush . In some ways they had similar backgrounds , but Bush was a regular guy . He loved baseball . You just saw him as a very regular guy . Romney , when he talks about NASCAR , he 's talking about his friends owning . You do n't see Bush talking about ` when I owned the Rangers . ' " Obama 's had his share of awkward moments as well . The celebrity-themed fund-raisers with George Clooney and "  Sex and the City " star Sarah Jessica Parker -- who cheekily referred to the president as "  that guy " -- have struck some critics as opulent and overly elite . The American Crossroads super PAC poked fun at the president 's chummy relationships with Hollywood types in an ad called "  Cool . " The ad says , "  America elected the biggest celebrity in the world , " then proceeds to slam the president 's performance on the economic and jobs front . "  After four years of a celebrity president , is your life any better ? " the ad asks in conclusion . The president has a 56 % favorability rating , compared with Romney at 48 % , according to a recent CNN/ORC International poll . Political experts said that in this era of celebrity worship and obsession with reality television stars , the ability to connect on some sort of personal level with everyday voters takes on heightened importance . "  Part of it is that there seems to be such gridlock  voters are  skeptical that  politicians  are going to do anything so they look at the ` who can I have a beer with ? ' factor , " Zelizer said . Clinton hailed from humble beginnings to become governor of Arkansas and eventually president but then was impeached on perjury and obstruction of justice charges before his Senate acquittal . According to a recent CNN/ORC International poll , years after he left office , Clinton still enjoys a 66 % approval rating . But the cult of personality and connecting with everyday voters will only carry a candidate so far . "  Even though it 's an age of slickly packaged ads and messaging , people are transparent , " Zelizer said . "  You ca n't force people to make them like you . "	President Obama , Mitt Romney both made recent gaffes about the economy Wealth , personalities may make them appear out of touch with average voters History shows Americans rarely elect presidents who are not wealthy
CNN  -- A state-run Chinese newspaper expressed relief Monday that senior Japanese officials had dismissed the country 's air force chief after he denied Japan 's aggression before and during World War II . General Toshio Tamogami Gen. Toshio Tamogami lost his job as chief of staff for Japan 's Air Self-Defense Force , the Ministry of Defense said , after saying in an essay that "  it is certainly a false accusation to say that our country was an aggressor nation . " Japanese troops invaded China in 1937 and were widely accused of gross human rights abuses , including raping tens of thousands of girls and women and killing several hundred thousand others in what has come to be called "  The Rape of Nanking . " Imperial Japan also invaded several other Asian nations , leading to the death and misery for an untold number . Two former Japanese prime ministers have apologized for Japanese aggression before and during World War II . Yet China has long accused of elements within Japan of trying to whitewash the Japanese atrocities committed before and during World War II . "  The denial of the aggression history by Toshio Tamogami comes in as an element of disharmony , " the state-run China Daily said a commentary Monday . "  Yet , as long as the Japanese government has a right attitude to this question , the smooth development of ties between the two neighbors will not be derailed by such discordant notes . " Tamogami 's essay , published late last week , also stirred controversy in South Korea . Japan controlled Korea from 1910 to 1945 . Its military is accused of forcing roughly 200,000 women , mainly from Korea and China , to serve as sex slaves -- they were known euphemistically as "  comfort women " -- for soldiers in the Imperial Army . The South Korean foreign ministry criticized Tamogami 's commentary in a statement published by Yonhap , the South Korean news agency . "  His claim is distorting history , " the statement said . "  International friendly relations are based on repentance for past wrongdoings and learning a lesson from history , " Tamogami 's essay won first prize in a competition called the "  True Perspective of Modern and Contemporary History . " Several Japanese leaders have apologized in recent years for past Japanese aggression . In 2005 , then-Prime Minister Junichiro Koizumi apologized for his country 's role in World War II on the 60th anniversary of the war 's end . He vowed Japan would never again take "  the path to war . " Japan agreed to surrender on August 15 , 1945 , after U.S. planes dropped atomic bombs on the cities of Hiroshima and Nagasaki . The formal surrender was signed September 2 . In 1995 , on the 50th anniversary of the war 's end , then-Prime Minister Tomiichi Murayama also expressed Tokyo 's deep remorse and heartfelt apology for the damage and suffering it inflicted on its Asian neighbors . And in 2001 , Koizumi apologized for Japanese treatment of Koreans during its occupation of the Korean peninsula during the first half of the 20th century . In a statement , Koizumi acknowledged the "  enormous damage " inflicted by Japan 's military "  by colonization and invasion " during the conflict . "  We must take this historical fact of such very sincerely , and I would like to express keen remorse and heartfelt apologies , " Koizumi said . "  I would like to also express our deep condolences to the victims inside and outside of Japan during World War II . " At the height of the conflict , much of southeast Asia , China and the Pacific islands were in Japanese hands .	Chief of Japan 's air force dismissed for saying Japan was not aggressor in WWII China , South Korea criticize published essay of General Toshio Tamogami Two previous Japanese prime ministers have apologized for aggression
Washington  CNN  -- Senators approved a giant farm bill Thursday that is estimated to cut the deficit by almost $ 24 billion , largely by ending direct payments to farmers and replacing them with taxpayer - subsidized crop insurance to assist farmers in need . Passage of the bill , by a vote of 64-35 , was a rare agreement in a chamber that has been fractured by partisan gridlock over much of this session . Most of the bill 's savings are achieved through changes to crop assistance programs that have been in place in one form or another since the Great Depression . "  We eliminated four different agriculture subsidies and instead have moved to risk management so we 'll support farmers and ranchers when there 's a loss , where there 's a weather loss , it 's a price loss , through crop insurance , through other things where the farmer has some skin in the game , " said Senate Agriculture Committee Chairwomen Debbie Stabenow , D-Michigan . Not everyone agreed this was the best way to reform these agriculture programs . "  Unfortunately , it seems that Congress ' idea of farm bill reform is to eliminate one subsidy program only to invent a new one to take its place , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . The bill also saves $ 4.5 billion by making changes to the food stamp program . Known officially as the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program or SNAP , these benefits , which were used by almost 50 million people last year , make up the bulk of the overall cost of the bill . "  The Senate is getting back to operating the way it traditionally does , " said a satisfied Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , as the chamber was wrapping up votes on scores of amendments to the bill . Republicans have blocked many bills this session partly because they 've been denied by the Democratic majority the ability to vote on amendments . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , seemed to agree . "  The spirit on the Senate floor was good , " he said , because "  everyone can feel we 're accomplishing something . " The bill still needs to be considered by the House , and it 's unclear when that will happen .	The measure , estimated to cut the deficit by almost $ 24 billion , passes in 64-35 vote Taxpayer-subsidized crop insurance to farmers in need would replace direct payments Move signals shift to "  risk management , " Agriculture Committee chairwoman says Bill merely axes one subsidy program to "  invent a new one , " Sen. John McCain says
CNN  -- Michel Platini has broken his silence over FIFA 's refusal to publish the long-awaited report into the bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups . "  As long as the regulations of the FIFA code of ethics regarding the actual investigation are respected , I support the publishing of the Garcia Report , " the Frenchman told CNN Thursday . "  I have no issue with the findings and recommendations of the report being made available to the public . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter has stated that the report -- compiled by Michael Garcia , head of the world governing body 's investigative chamber of the ethics committee -- will not be published because of fears over witness confidentiality . Hans-Joachim Eckert , head of FIFA 's adjudicatory chamber of the ethics committee , is expected to reveal his decision on sanctions next year . American lawyer Garcia is among those who have urged FIFA to publish the report but Platini 's statement of intent is the most significant yet -- he is the highest profile member of the football world to oppose Blatter 's position . "  The president has been very calm about the whole issue , whether it 's the investigation or process which led to the investigation , " UEFA Chief of Press Pedro Pinto told CNN . "  After he met with Mr. Garcia earlier this year , the President said he liked speaking with him and that his team was objective , concrete and straight . "  He likes dealing with people who are like that . " Platini , who openly revealed he voted for Qatar to be awarded the 2022 World Cup , believes FIFA must become more transparent in their dealings . He did rule out challenging Blatter for the presidency next year . The 59-year-old made clear his feelings about FIFA during a speech in Monaco last August where he spoke of the need for the organization to be open and accountable . "  We all want a FIFA that functions better , that is more transparent , that shows more solidarity , and that football fans hold in higher esteem , " he said . "  I will do everything I can , at my level , to contribute to this . " Platini 's public support for the publication of the report follows views expressed by a number of Executive Committee members , who believe FIFA should disclose not just the results but also the findings . Sunil Gulati , the president of U.S. Soccer , has urged FIFA to publish the findings and recommendations of the report , as have FIFA vice-presidents Jim Boyce of Northern Ireland and Prince Ali bin al-Hussein from Jordan . Prince Ali , FIFA 's Asian vice-president , took to Twitter last week to give his views on the matter , urging for more transparency . "  In the interest of full transparency , I believe it is important that the much-anticipated report on the ethics investigation that is crucial to ensuring good governance at Fifa is fully disclosed and open to the public , " he wrote on Twitter . "  This will only help the football community move ahead in reforming our institutions in the best interest of the sport . "  The entire football family as well as its sponsors and those who follow the game worldwide have a full right to know the contents of the report in the spirit of complete openness . " Blatter 's position has been boosted by FIFA 's legal director Marco Villiger , who said that witness confidentiality could prove difficult to sustain if the report was published . "  The code of ethics is based on certain principles , one of which is confidentiality , " Villiger told reporters . "  Cooperation between witnesses and the ethics committee is based on confidentiality , if not perhaps certain witnesses , whistleblowers or other parties might not cooperate to such an extent , " he said , adding that 75 witnesses had been heard during Garcia 's investigation .	Michel Platini wants Garcia report made public UEFA chief says report should be published as long as privacy laws not contravened Report currently with judge Hans-Joachim Eckert FIFA says full report unlikely to be published
CNN Student News  -- March 25 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show :  Libya  Syria  Japan : Disaster-affected Areas Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Fridays are awesome ! Thank you for rounding out your week with CNN Student News . I 'm Carl Azuz , here to pilot you through 10 minutes of commercial-free headlines . First Up : Libya Civil War AZUZ : First up , United Nations Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon says there are no signs of a cease-fire in Libya . That announcement came yesterday , one week after the U.N. Security Council voted to enforce a no-fly zone over Libya . That 's part of the military operation that 's been firing missiles and running airstrikes . It 's been led by the U.S. Yesterday , there was talk of a deal that would make NATO , the North Atlantic Treaty Organization , the leader of the operation . But that was n't set in stone , and there was some doubt about it . One interesting point about the conflict in Libya is how it could affect gas prices in the U.S. Libya produces about 2 percent of the world 's crude oil ; it 's not very much . But some stock traders are afraid that the trouble there could happen in other countries that produce more oil . That fear is one reason why oil prices are rising in the stock market . And that means gas prices are more likely to increase too , since crude oil accounts for about 65 percent of what we spend on gas . Now , getting back to the military operation . Diana Magnay is on the ship that some of those airstrikes are launching from . She gives an idea of what life is like there . BEGIN VIDEO DIANA MAGNAY , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Each night they fly , Harrier jets off the USS Kearsarge , bound for Libya . U.S. strike missions to take out Gadhafi 's air defense and attack capabilities as rebels clash with Gadhafi 's forces . CAPTAIN MIKE WYRSCH , HARRIER FIGHTER PILOT : It was pretty neat the next day after the first attacks , to see that the rebel forces , their morale once they saw that they had people coming to help them out . But it 's breaking their supply chains as well as slowing down their advance onto Benghazi by taking out their tanks and artillery . MAGNAY : Day times are about maintenance and repair , checking over these V-22 Ospreys , which had their first outing in Operation Odyssey Dawn early Tuesday morning . A daring rescue mission with a team of 30 Marines to find a U.S. fighter pilot who ejected over eastern Libya after his F-15 fighter jet suffered what the military called mechanical failure . The pilot 's back in the medical facilities here on board . His other crew member , the weapons officer , also had to eject , but landed in a completely different location . So , he was rescued first by rebel forces and is now back on a U.S. Air Force base in northern Italy . There are around 700 Marines on board , but this is n't a war which involves coalition ground forces . The Kearsarge 's six Harrier jets taking the active role in enforcing the U.N.-mandated no-fly zone REAR ADMIRAL MARGARET KLEIN , COMMANDER , EXPEDITIONARY STRIKE GROUP FIVE : If there are vehicles on the ground that can shoot down our aircraft which are enforcing the no-fly zone , we consider that a legal mandate to be able attack that equipment . MAGNAY : Precision targeting , 500-pound laser-guided bombs , and the sorties continue . No sign here that this part of the offensive is over yet . Diana Magnay , CNN , on the Kearsarge in the Mediterranean . END VIDEO Violence in Syria AZUZ : Syria is the latest country to deal with the political unrest that we 've seen around the Middle East and North Africa recently . Syria is located between Iraq and Turkey . And people there have been protesting over economic and human rights issues . Those demonstrations have gotten violent in the past few days , with protesters and security forces fighting on the streets of at least one city . Human rights workers say at least 34 people have been killed in the violence this week . And that includes a soldier who was reportedly shot because he refused to fire on the protesters . Thousands of people came out on Thursday for the funerals of that soldier and some of the other people who 've been killed . Disaster in Japan AZUZ : Toyota , the car company , might shut down some of its U.S. manufacturing temporarily because it does n't have enough parts . There 's been a delay in getting those parts from Japan because of Japan 's recent earthquake and tsunami . Inside Japan , workers are still trying to get things stabilized at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant . These pictures were taken inside the plant . Two of the workers were taken to the hospital yesterday after they accidentally stepped in contaminated water . Officials say the men could be all right if they 're quickly decontaminated . A U.S. Navy aircraft carrier is going through a similar process right now . Martin Savidge , you 're on deck . MARTIN SAVIDGE , CNN CORRESPONDENT : Right now , every piece of hardware , every aircraft and every piece of machinery used to move that aircraft is on the front of the USS Ronald Reagan . And you can see a lot of the crew hands . You 're wondering maybe why are they all sitting around ? Well , we 'll show you . Look what 's going on back over here : water . Lots and lots of water just being sprayed all over the deck right now , in what is probably the biggest cleanup effort you 're ever likely to see at sea . Impact Your World AZUZ : You ca n't help scrub down the deck of the Ronald Reagan . But you can support the victims of these natural disasters in Japan . Go the Spotlight section on our home page , CNNStudentNews.com . Click on the "  Impact Your World " link , and find out how you can help . Shoutout TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Ms. Mielke 's world cultures classes at Gorzycki Middle School in Austin , Texas ! What type of food is a peanut ? You know what to do ! Is it a : A  Grain , B  Legume , C  Fruit or D  Tuber ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Peanuts are legumes . And here 's another interesting fact : peanuts are not technically nuts ! That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Allergy Outrage ? AZUZ : Peanut allergies are pretty common . But in some cases , the allergic reactions can be life-threatening . And that 's why experts say it 's important to have a plan in place in order to avoid a potential problem . At one Florida school , the plan in place affects everyone , not just the student with the allergy . And as Jason Carroll explains , the plan is prompting protests . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : They 're trying to take away all our rights . JASON CARROLL , CNN NATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : Protesters picketing outside a school in Edgewater , Florida . Their signs showing how a medical problem for one of the school 's students has turned into a controversy that has some parents calling for that student 's removal . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : We are not attacking the child or the parents . CARROLL : At issue , rules the school put in place to protect the six-year-old girl who has a life-threatening peanut allergy . Lunches must be left outside the room . Students must wash their hands before entering the room and after lunch . At one point , students were also required to rinse out their mouths . Parents debating whether the rules infringe on the rights of students and take time away from education . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : I guess it 's not fair for one kid to have a set of standards that the rest of the kids have to abide by . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : It 's protecting the safety of the child . Everybody has the right to an education , so I do n't see what the problem is . CARROLL : A district administrator says the rules must be enforced because the student 's allergy is considered a disability under the Americans With Disabilities Act . More districts could soon face a similar situation . The Centers for Disease Control says food allergies are on the rise . From 1997 to 2007 , reports of food allergies increased almost 20 percent among children under 18 years old . DR. SCOTT SICHERER , PROFESSOR OF PEDIATRICS , MT. SINAI SCHOOL OF MEDICINE : It 's always necessary to have precautions for a young child who has a food allergy . There might be specific procedures that need to be in place to just really ensure that that child does n't end up eating the food that they 're allergic to . END VIDEO Sound off on our blog ! AZUZ : All right , time for you to sound off about this story . Do you think the school policy 's appropriate , or do you agree with those parents who say it 's unfair ? Head to our blog at CNNStudentNews.com . Tell us what you think . Remember , there 's a big rule on our blog : first names only . Please do n't give us any more info than that . Women 's History Month AZUZ : In honor of Women 's History Month , we have a quick quiz to test your knowledge . Who was the first female ever appointed to serve on the United States Supreme Court ? Was it : Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Sonia Sotomayor , Sandra Day O'Connor or Elena Kagan ? The answer : Justice Sandra Day O'Connor served nearly 25 years on the U.S. Supreme Court after being sworn in on the 25th of September , 1981 . In fact , tomorrow is her 81st birthday . Be sure to check out all of our Women 's History Month materials . You know the place where you can find them : It 's the website you see right there , CNNStudentNews.com . Before We Go AZUZ : Finally today , I get sore just thinking about a marathon ; most runners are sore after running one . But Captain Ivan Castro does n't mind . He was injured while serving in Iraq and lost his eyesight . Now , every step is a reminder that he is still alive . After the attack , Captain Castro says it took three people to help him stand up . Last weekend , he finished a full marathon . And the only help he needed was his running partner , who helped him navigate the course with a string tied around their wrists . Goodbye AZUZ : It was an amazing accomplishment . And it 's time for CNN Student News to hit the road . We hope to run into you right back here on Monday for more CNN Student News . Until then , have a great weekend .	Find out how the conflict in Libya could affect gas prices in the U.S. Discover why Toyota might temporarily suspend manufacturing in America Consider a controversy surrounding how one school addresses peanut allergies Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Anti-marijuana crusaders like Kevin Sabet , while well-intentioned , are promoting policies that lead to more violence and disease in our society . In his recent CNN.com op-ed , Sabet argues we should keep marijuana illegal . But as long as marijuana remains illegal , profits from sales go to criminals and drug cartels , and adults will continue to be punished for using a substance less harmful than currently legal drugs . Confused ? Let 's back up . For more than 80 years , our government has spent tens of billions of taxpayer dollars fighting a war against marijuana . We arrest three-quarters of a million adults every year , 87 % for simple possession rather than production or sales of marijuana . Courtrooms turn into assembly lines churning out probationers -- mostly minorities -- with convictions that will make it virtually impossible to find employment . The result ? Marijuana is universally available , used by almost half of Americans at some point in their lives , and we 've enriched murderous drug cartels fueling violence in Mexico that has claimed more than 60,000 lives . Of course , we 've been down this road before . During alcohol prohibition in the 1930s , federal agents raided speakeasies and busted barrels of illegally produced and imported booze . Meanwhile , bootleggers made money hand over fist , empowering criminals like Al Capone to turn Chicago into an urban war zone . And much like with marijuana today , even under alcohol prohibition most Americans who wanted a drink had no problem finding one . Today , marijuana prohibition has proven itself just as disastrous a public policy failure as alcohol prohibition before it . Yet despite all the obvious similarities between the two , there 's one key difference : Marijuana is dramatically safer than alcohol . According to the Centers for Disease Control , excessive alcohol use is the third leading lifestyle-related cause of death . In a typical year , there are roughly 25,000 alcohol-induced deaths in the United States , most from long-term consequences like liver disease and some from acute alcohol poisoning brought on by binge drinking . Marijuana , on the other hand , does not cause overdose deaths and comes with far fewer long-term health consequences . A 2009 Canadian study determined the annual health-related costs associated with alcohol are more than eight times greater per user than with marijuana . And , according to the Institute of Medicine , people who use marijuana are far less likely to become dependent than those who drink alcohol . Even if you do n't drink , alcohol can kill you . Federal agencies report that 40 % of violent crimes in the U.S. are linked to alcohol use , whereas those same agencies report that marijuana users usually do not commit violent crimes . Alcohol plays a role in a third of all emergency room visits . As a prosecuting attorney , I often had police confess to me how much they loathed arresting drunks , given how often the situation escalated to violence . I never fielded similar complaints about marijuana consumers . The irony is that these perverse policies are cheered on by organizations with names like "  Save Our Society " that seem to believe chaos will somehow ensue if adults are no longer punished for using marijuana . The reality is that by punishing adults who would rather use marijuana , we 're encouraging them to instead use alcohol -- a more dangerous and harmful , but legal , drug . Public policy should be geared toward reducing violence and disease , not maximizing them . There is a better way . Polling shows a majority of Americans want marijuana taxed and regulated . A growing number of states are bucking our federal government 's policy of absolute marijuana prohibition , and the Department of Justice recently signaled it will not challenge state laws that regulate the cultivation and sale of marijuana . By doing so , we can take marijuana away from criminals and cartels and put it in the hands of licensed businesses . Obviously , those businesses should be subject to sensible rules ranging from where and when they can operate and who is able to invest in them , to restrictions on advertising . Do n't believe it could work ? In 2009 , Colorado 's medical marijuana industry exploded , prompting the state to put in place the kinds of regulations I 've just outlined . According to CDC data on youth drug use , from 2009 to 2011 -- a time when youth marijuana use increased nationally -- the percentage of Colorado teens using marijuana dropped more than any other state in the country and is now below the national average . Marijuana is safer than alcohol ; let 's treat it that way . Adults who would prefer to use marijuana instead of alcohol should be free to do so . Just as significant , the law enforcement resources spent making those three-quarters of a million arrests could instead be devoted to preventing and solving real crimes . In other words , regulating marijuana would make America a safer , healthier nation .	Dan Riffle : The war against marijuana has not worked , just like alcohol prohibition Riffle : Marijuana is far safer than alcohol ; there are many alcohol-induced deaths He says we can take pot away from criminals and let licensed businesses handle it Riffle : Regulating marijuana would make America a safer and healthier nation
CNN  -- A huge water main burst under a road in the suburban Baltimore community of Dundalk , Maryland , Friday , sending muddy water erupting over neighborhood streets and down highway ramps , officials said . Muddy water envelops the community of Dundalk , Maryland , on Friday . Many were left without power . The 72-inch main was shut about two hours after it ruptured , Baltimore County Chief Executive Jim Smith told CNN . No injuries were reported , Smith said , but he urged residents to "  shelter in place " and not to go into the knee - to chest-high water under any circumstances . "  This is not a game , " Smith warned . Authorities set up a command center near the site of the break and swift-water boat rescue teams were standing by , he added . See water main break damage " Resident David Johnson said he felt helpless as he stood outside his house and watched the dirty brown water creep up his lawn and approach his front door . It stopped inches away and his basement stayed dry . The worst part now , Johnson said , is the smell . "  Like sewage , " he said . Shannon Woerner was at home in nearby Essex , Maryland , when he heard the news about the water main break -- and the call for boats . He loaded his kayak in his truck and headed to the scene . "  I just wanted to see if I could help , " he said . Woerner said he assisted by ferrying car keys and other items across flooded streets to people who were cut off from their homes by the water . Standing at the corner of Court and McShane streets , Mike Pell , 34 , watched the water slowly recede after the main was shut . Water covered the wheels of his pickup truck . "  My basement 's done , " he said , pointing to his shoulder to show the height of the water inside , where he and his fiance had their bedroom . "  All of our clothes are ruined , " he said . He managed to get his two children , ages 2 and 3 , to a dry area on the first floor of the house . "  Now I wonder who 's going to pay for this . We do n't have flood insurance -- this area does n't flood , " Pell said , shaking his head . Samantha Hansley , 21 , could only watch from a dry hill and wonder if her truck would survive the deluge . It sat a block away in 2 feet of water . Hansley and her boyfriend had been driving out of the floodwaters when they stopped to try to help some stranded drivers . "  Our truck just died , " she said . A manager at the Box and Save grocery store not far from the break site said the entire parking lot was flooded . Cathy Geisler said customers were still in the store Friday afternoon when police came to tell everyone to evacuate , except for essential personnel . "  We had customers , we were still doing business , then the electricity went out and we escorted everyone out of the store , " Geisler said . She and another manager stayed behind in a building with no power . As she spoke on the phone with CNN , Geisler said police had come back to tell them to leave immediately and she abruptly hung up the phone . Aerial video from CNN affiliates WMAR and WBAL showed a collapsed roadway with massive amounts of water exploding over the area . Entire neighborhoods had flooded streets , and many residents were evacuated , authorities said . Eric Braughman , who lives on one of the flooded streets , told CNN he had "  thought something was up " with the water Thursday when his faucets discharged brownish-orange water . "  My wife did n't give the baby a bath because it did n't look safe , " Braughman said . Nearly 1,000 customers were without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric Company 's Web site . The main break is part of a larger issue with failing infrastructure in many U.S. cities , said Kurt Kocher , a spokesman for Baltimore 's Department of Public Works . Kocher cited two other huge main breaks in the Maryland and Washington D.C. area that were started from the same type of pipe that burst in Friday 's incident . "  This is a national infrastructure crisis , " Kocher said . CNN 's Alec Miran in Dundalk , Maryland , contributed to this report .	NEW : Residents say water has damaged vehicles , homes and left sewage smell 72-inch main shut down after about two hours , county official says CNN affiliate video shows collapsed roadway , massive amounts of water Nearly 1,000 were without power , according to Baltimore Gas and Electric
Atlanta  CNN  -- Occupy protesters returned to the streets of Atlanta on Sunday night , a day after a police crackdown on a gathering organized by the movement resulted in the arrests of 19 people . About 80 people converged on the city 's Centennial Olympic Park for a peaceful gathering , according to police . The group was scheduled to return to Woodruff Park , the site of Saturday 's arrests , later in the night to hold a "  Nonviolence Training Seminar . " Those arrested Saturday included two people who refused to leave Woodruff Park after the 11 p.m. closing time and 17 others charged with obstructing traffic after the crowd poured onto nearby streets , the Atlanta Police Department said . "  Before any arrests were made , people in the park were given several warnings over a loudspeaker , in English and Spanish , that anyone remaining in the park after the 11 p.m. closing time would be in violation of city ordinances , " police said in a statement . In Atlanta , shortly after the park closed , protesters picked up their tents and tossed them onto the sidewalks to ensure that they were not confiscated . They then moved to nearby streets , where they planned to continue with their protests . "  We decided to leave two people at Woodruff Park to get arrested while the rest of us went onto the streets , " said protester George Chidi . Police gathered to herd protesters away from the park and the sidewalks . "  A large Atlanta police force including motorcycles , mounted police , officers on foot , a SWAT team in riot gear and a helicopter moved in aggressively and faced off with the marchers , " protest organizers said in a statement . "  Peace was maintained until a policeman on a motorcycle accelerated into a demonstrator . " Police said a protester was charged with aggravated assault and obstruction for assaulting a motorcycle officer patrolling the area . A spokesman for Atlanta police did not respond to a request for comment on organizers ' claims -- citing video evidence -- that the officer accelerated into the crowd . The group may change gears and use other ways to convey its message , including "  occupying " banking facilities and homes facing foreclosure , according to Chidi . Despite the standoffs with police , there is too much financial disparity -- and too much at stake -- to just sit back , he said Saturday . "  The financial services industry is not being properly regulated or overseen , " said the 38-year-old consultant . "  We are cruising toward another 2008 meltdown . " And the protests will send a strong message , he said . "  We have not learned a lesson from the last catastrophe . If there are no people protesting , if banks start failing again because of Greece , they will come back to the government for a bailout . The government needs to know people are watching . " Occupy Atlanta is an offshoot of the Occupy Wall Street movement that started in New York in September as a call to action against unequal distribution of wealth . The movement has spread nationwide and beyond , with major cities continuing with protests despite encounters with the law . Last week , 78 Occupy protesters charged with nonviolent offenses were scheduled for arraignment in New York . All but 14 showed up in court , the Manhattan District Attorney 's office said . New York has made 555 arrests in the Occupy Wall Street movement on charges ranging from minor violations to felonies , the district attorney 's office said . New York City Police said last week they charged a 26-year-old Brooklyn man with sexual abuse for inappropriately touching an 18-year-old woman at Zuccotti Park , the home base for the protests . In Oakland , California , demonstrators and police clashed last week , prompting authorities to use tear gas on protesters who defied orders to disperse . Meanwhile , in Vancouver , Canada , police said Sunday a woman thought to be in her 20s died after being found unresponsive inside a tent at the Occupy Vancouver encampment at the Vancouver Art Gallery . "  The cause of death has not been determined ; however , no evidence has been uncovered at this early stage in the investigation to suggest the death is suspicious , " Vancouver police said in a statement . CNN 's Maria P. White and Maggie Schneider contributed to this report .	NEW : Protesters begin another night of demonstrations Police : Protesters block Atlanta roads , making them unsafe for traffic A protester is charged with aggravated assault and obstruction There is too much financial disparity and too much at stake , a protester says
CNN  -- Truly , it 's been a summer for jokers -- and I 'm not just talking about "  The Dark Knight . " "  Tropic Thunder " stars Ben Stiller and Robert Downey Jr. as self-absorbed actors . When the bat 's been away , Steve Carell  "  Get Smart "  , Will Ferrell  "  Step Brothers "  and Seth Rogen  "  Pineapple Express "  have all come out to play , and notched up lucrative returns , too . Ben Stiller 's sometimes hilarious "  Tropic Thunder " is easily the biggest of the summer 's blockbuster comedies -- and certainly the goriest . It 's a high-concept meta-movie about an all-star Vietnam War picture  also called "  Tropic Thunder "  that goes very , very wrong . Stiller 's "  Tropic Thunder , " on the other hand , gets it mostly right . Which is just as well , because it looks like it cost an arm and a leg to make . The movie-within-a-movie is directed by Damian Cockburn  Steve Coogan  and stars chubby clown Jeff Portnoy  Jack Black  , rapper Alpa Chino  Brandon T. Jackson  , action beefcake Tugg Speedman  Stiller  and Aussie method man Kirk Lazarus  Robert Downey Jr.  . The latter is a temperamental chameleon who takes his craft so seriously he has undergone skin pigmentation treatment for his role as a black GI .  Any resemblance to Russell Crowe is entirely superficial but can hardly be coincidental . Cockburn quickly loses the trust of his ferocious , potty-mouthed studio boss  in one of the film 's more inspired insider gags , he 's played by a real-life studio boss you may just recognize as Tom Cruise  . So when disabled Vietnam vet "  Four Leaf " Tayback  Nick Nolte  -- the inspiration for the movie -- suggests dropping them into the jungle and shooting the picture with hidden digital cameras , "  guerrilla-style , " it seems like a stroke of genius . That is , until the stars lose contact with the outside world and find themselves in a firefight with Golden Triangle drug lords . "  Tropic Thunder " is willing to push its gags right to the edge -- and sometimes over it . In the most famous example , the film has run into flak from disabled advocates for its repeated use of the word "  retard , " referring to Speedman 's previous bid for artistic respectability , a sentimental "  Forrest Gump " - style Oscar bid by the name of "  Simple Jack . " Watch why several groups want to boycott the film " Stiller does milk it , but the protesters are missing the point . If there 's one group who should be protesting this movie it 's the Screen Actors Guild . The heart-rending , soul-searching , consciousness-raising commitment we prize in our movie stars , particularly around Oscar time -- it 's all beautifully travestied and lampooned . An early bad-taste highlight has Tugg messing with his director 's head . Literally . And the strained relationship between Alpa and Kirk -- who proves incapable of breaking out of his African-American character -- is terrifically juicy . Downey 's blackface performance is an appalling mixture of Mr. T and Uncle Remus , but at the same time he endows the actor with enough straight critical intelligence to appreciate the severity of their situation . The effect is simultaneously funny and a little disturbing . Lazarus is the one character who leaves an indelible impression among some overly familiar caricatures . The Asian characters , in particular , rightfully belong in some third-rate "  Deer Hunter " knock-off . Which does n't mean that "  Tropic Thunder " -- which was written by Stiller , Justin Theroux and Etan Cohen -- is n't funny . It can be scattershot , even with its fairly safe targets , but when it hits it hits dead-on .  It 's not wildly original and outrageous , though , to anyone who 's seen Coogan in "  Tristram Shandy : A Cock and Bull Story " or watched the Ricky Gervais series "  Extras , " in which Stiller played himself in one episode .  iReport.com : Share your thoughts on ` Tropic Thunder ' But after an hour or so the movie 's one big joke starts wandering around in circles and we 're stuck watching a painfully unfunny Jack Black flailing about in mock heroin withdrawal ; Tugg reprising Simple Jack , yet again ; and a silly , authentically B-movie climax which involves everyone shooting blanks . Still , if it does n't live up to its full potential there is more than enough to keep you smiling , not least its production values . The film was photographed by John Toll , who shot "  The Thin Red Line , " and he gives it a look to compete with the Vietnam movies it has in its sights  "  Platoon , " especially , gets a ribbing  . There 's also the now-cliched '60s jukebox soundtrack to go with it . And though some of the caricatures wear thin , some of the acting rises to a high level . There 's Downey , of course , but also Jackson and Jay Baruchel 's nicely gauged supporting turns , and a blitzkrieg of celebrity cameos including Tobey Maguire , Matthew McConaughey and Jon Voight . As for Mr. Cruise , he 's still the best mover and shaker in Hollywood . He should try this stuff more often . "  Tropic Thunder " is rated R and runs 106 minutes . For Entertainment Weekly 's rave review , click here .	Tom Charity : "  Tropic Thunder " does n't always hit , but when it does , pow ! Robert Downey Jr. particularly good in Hollywood satire Film 's first half particularly strong , though it gets repetitive
CNN  -- With airfares likely to increase through the new year , travelers are looking to get the biggest bang for their buck . Lonely Planet 's "  Best value destinations " for 2013 , part of its "  Best in Travel " annual series , may offer just the ticket . "  Destinations on our ` best value ' list are for those who want to make the most out of their dollar when traveling , " said Andy Murdock , Lonely Planet 's U.S. Digital Editor , via e-mail . "  While the choices are not the cheapest destinations on the planet in every case , they 're great options for travelers who want to visit somewhere new and interesting without draining their bank account . " Deals are to be found in Rio de Janeiro , Brazil ; Gothenburg , Sweden ; Cambodia ; Bolivia ; Spain ; Slovenia ; Nepal ; Portland , Oregon ; Georgia  the former Soviet republic , not the U.S. state  ; and Namibia . Top 10 must-see cities A travel spot 's "  best value " ranking does n't mean everything is cheap in these locations . Take Portland : "  There are cheaper places in the world , but for U.S. cities it would be hard to find a place where you can get more for your money , " said Murdock . "  Cheap food ... lots of free experiences , over 40 local craft breweries with competition keeping pint prices down , great hiking options without even leaving town , and easy access to the stunning Columbia River gorge . " 7 gross wonders across America And Sweden is not known for its affordability . "  Scandinavia is never cheap , but Gothenburg is a relative bargain , with great budget accommodation and public transport , " he said . "  It is still expensive when compared to global standards , but for travelers who want to visit Scandinavia , Gothenburg offers great value . " Outside of the best value list , Lonely Planet 's rankings of the top cities , regions and countries put San Francisco on top in the city rankings ; Corsica , France in the region rankings ; and Sri Lanka was named the # 1 country to visit . Where are you hoping to travel on a budget in 2013 ? Where have you found great value in the past ? Please share in the comments below .	Two of Lonely Planet 's best-value cities are in Oregon and Sweden Great value does n't mean everything is cheap in these spots , editor says The countries of Namibia and Georgia also make the list
CNN  -- The medical journal that published a now-retracted paper linking childhood vaccines to autism conducted only a cursory investigation into complaints about the research when they emerged , another British journal reported Tuesday . The author of the 1998 paper , Dr. Andrew Wakefield , and his co-authors reaffirmed their findings after complaints about Wakefield 's research surfaced in 2004 . However , the medical journal BMJ reported Tuesday , the examination into how the study was conducted was led by the editor of the Lancet , which published the paper , and involved "  no formal investigation " of the allegations . "  In short , the accused were investigating themselves , " the BMJ reported . Tuesday 's article is the third and last of a series published by BMJ , which has called Wakefield 's study an "  elaborate fraud " and accused him of planning to launch a business venture "  off the back of the vaccine scare . " Following a three-year investigation , Britain 's General Medical Council ruled in January 2010 that the way Wakefield conducted his research was dishonest and irresponsible . One month later , the Lancet retracted the study . In May 2010 , British authorities revoked Wakefield 's license to practice medicine . Wakefield continues to insist he has done nothing wrong , and a vocal contingent of advocates for children with autism continues to support him . In response to the latest article , the Lancet 's editors said they "  strongly disagree " with the BMJ account "  and firmly stand by our actions and decisions . " It noted that 10 of Wakefield 's co-authors had their names removed from the paper after learning in 2004 that Wakefield had been paid by lawyers to help build a case against vaccine manufacturers -- a serious conflict of interest he failed to disclose -- and pointed out that Wakefield 's most damning assertion was made at a separate news conference after the study was published , not in the paper that the journal published . "  From this point forward , Wakefield encouraged the media and a grassroots network of anti-vaccine advocates to believe that this vaccine may cause autism , " the Lancet said . It added , "  At no point did we actively defend Wakefield 's public statements about the link between MMR and autism . " The journal said the Royal Free Hospital , where Wakefield worked at the time of the publication , conducted the 2004 investigation that led to a partial retraction by the paper 's co-authors . "  At each stage we acted as soon as we had the evidence to do so , " it said . Wakefield has accused the author of the BMJ report , freelance journalist Brian Deer , of being paid by the pharmaceutical industry . In financial disclosure forms , Deer has stated that he has received no such payments . The now-discredited paper panicked many parents and led to a sharp drop in the number of children getting the vaccine that prevents measles , mumps and rubella . Vaccination rates dropped sharply in Britain after its publication , falling as low as 80 % by 2004 . Measles cases have gone up sharply in the ensuing years . In the United States , more cases of measles were reported in 2008 than in any other year since 1997 , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . More than 90 % of those infected had not been vaccinated or their vaccination status was unknown , the CDC reported . CNN 's Miriam Falco contributed to this report .	"  The accused were investigating themselves , " a British medical journal reports Researcher has denied any wrongdoing , and his theory still has outspoken defenders Vaccination rates in Britain dropped sharply after study
CNN  -- The powerful storm system behind the twister that ravaged Moore , Oklahoma , set its sights on the Great Lakes and Tennessee Valley on Wednesday , forecasters said . "  Primary threats will be damaging winds and large hail , " according to the National Weather Service . "  Isolated tornadoes will also be possible . " Severe weather watches continued into the early hours of the day for portions of Texas , Oklahoma , Louisiana , Arkansas and Mississippi . What to know about tornadoes The threat of a few strong tornadoes , large hail and thunderstorm wind gusts remained in northeastern Texas , southwestern Arkansas , extreme southeastern Oklahoma and northwestern Louisiana , CNN Meteorologist Sean Morris said . A strong line of storms was also present across much of Mississippi . EF5 tornadoes are terrifying "  The threat for strong tornadoes will rapidly diminish in these areas ... with the main threat becoming damaging straight line winds during the overnight hours , " Morris said . "  Isolated tornadoes will still be possible . " Rainstorms pushed through the Dallas area on Tuesday afternoon . A ground stop at Dallas-Fort Worth International Airport was later lifted . Why Moore has been hit more than once Storms were n't restricted to the Great Plains and Midwest . The National Weather Service said weather spotters on Tuesday afternoon reported a possible tornado near Copake , New York , near the Massachusetts border . Track the severe weather Mobile tools to help you survive tornado season 10 deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record	Storm system moving eastward toward the Great Lakes , Tennessee Valley The threat of tornadoes is expected to diminish Severe weather watches are posted from Texas to Mississippi
Macau  CNN  -- Triad attacks . Prostitute calling cards . Illicit money flows . This is the dark underbelly of Macau -- Asia 's gambling capital . The only Chinese territory where casinos are permitted , the city has transformed itself in little more than a decade from a sleepy backwater to a neon-lit monument to China 's passion for gambling . Gambling revenues in the city surpassed Las Vegas in 2006 and are now six times greater . But the former Portuguese colony 's dramatic rise has come at a cost , with many in Macau questioning whether growth has been too fast and furious . "  You really do n't know whether society as a whole has benefited , " said Samuel Huang , an associate professor in gambling studies at the Macau Polytechnic Institute . Portuguese lawyer Jorge Menezes , 47 , has experienced first hand the city 's more brutal side . Last month , he was attacked in broad daylight by two men as he walked his five-year-old son to pre-school in what he believes was an intimidation attempt linked to his work as a lawyer . "  I was walking with my son and suddenly I felt a huge blow on the back of my head , " he told CNN from his office just a block away from where the attack took place . "  I turned around , already bleeding , and he threw another blow toward my head and then a second guy came at me from behind . "  I could n't run away because my son was there . I needed to protect him . " Menezes , who injured his wrist and required stitches to his head , said the two assailants each had a brick tied to one of their hands . "  I was told it 's a technique used by mafioso in mainland China , because they can carry it without being seen as a weapon . " A spokesman for Macau 's Public Security Police , confirmed that the lawyer was attacked by two Chinese men brandishing hard objects who later fled . They added the case was under investigation . In the run-up to the city 's return to China , gang violence was commonplace , claiming the lives of some 37 people in 1999 alone -- though violent crime became rarer as the city 's gaming market boomed . However , some recent cases have unsettled residents . In 2012 , a longtime operator of VIP casino junkets , Ng Man-sun , was beaten by six men in his hotel in what was reportedly a dispute with his ex-lover . The city also feared a return to violence after the release of a notorious gangster known as Wan Kuok-kio or "  Broken Tooth " in December after 15 years in prison . WATCH : ` Broken Tooth ' released from prison Menezes says he rarely goes out to socialize and he can not think of a personal motive for the attack : "  I have no doubt that it 's linked to work . It is definitely an attempt to intimidate me or put me out of action for a few months . "  I was working on cases that could bring direct or collateral damage -- collateral in the sense that there are third parties that are affected by what I am doing , " he said , declining to say who he thought was behind the attack . As a precaution , he has recruited a security guard cum secretary , but Menezes says he intends to stay put and continue representing his clients . Steve Vickers , a former intelligence officer with the Hong Kong police and a specialist in triad activities , claimed Macau 's gaming sector retains deep ties to organized crime . "  The scene has changed over the past 10 years as the pie has vastly increased , " said Vickers , who now runs a specialist risk mitigation and corporate intelligence consultancy SVA . "  It 's not the cowboy town it was when Broken Tooth was running around . "  The big boys have moved in ... and they do not want visible street fights , with people being beaten up because it 's bad for business and brings attention . " By and large , Macau remains a safe place with 182 violent crimes reported in the first three months of this year , up one from the same period a year earlier , according to figures from the Secretary for Security . The city is home to 500,000 people , while Macau 's three dozen casinos attract more than 28 million visitors a year . Vickers says that while the city 's big casinos , some owned by U.S. tycoons Steve Wynn and Sheldon Adelson , operate correctly and legally , they work in a "  messy environment . " They are reliant on income from high rollers and these VIPs are usually brought in from China by junket operators . "  The junkets are an integral part of the gaming scene and they facilitate the transfer of funds , the finding of the high rollers and they facilitate the breaching of Chinese capital controls . "  You wo n't find their names on the front  door  but the hard reality is that Chinese junkets are largely controlled by triad societies . " China tightly controls the amount of money individuals can take out of the country , with a limit of 20,000 yuan  $ 3,262  per day and citizens traveling to Macau , which is considered a special administrative region , are subject to these limits . However , China has turned a blind eye to the abuse of capital controls , said Vickers although he added , this could change as the country 's new leaders look to crack down on corruption amid worries about officials funneling money through the city . Macau government officials did not immediately respond to a request from CNN for comment . The triads are also said to be involved in prostitution rings , another bone of contention for local Macau residents -- although prostitution is not illegal . Macau is on a U.S. State Department watch list for human trafficking and according to the 2012 report , criminal syndicates are involved in recruitment . It says many women fall prey to false advertisements for casino jobs but upon arrival are forced into prostitution . Many of the city 's sidewalks and underpasses are littered with prostitutes ' calling cards and fliers for saunas and pole dancing clubs . "  I do n't know how to explain this to my children , " said Huang at the Macau Polytechnic Institute . Authorities are keen to diversify Macau 's appeal and turn the city into a broader entertainment destination that attracts families and not just casino goers . New resorts boast attractions like wave pools , fake beaches and high-class dining but there 's little evidence that sales of spa treatments and slap-up meals will ever begin to approach revenue from the gambling tables . "  I do n't think promoting a more family-friendly environment will be easy , " said Huang .	Macau home to three dozen casinos and six times bigger than Las Vegas Locals are questioning whether growth has been too fast and furious A gaming lawyer claims he was attacked in broad daylight in an intimidation attempt Macau 's gaming sector is thought to retain deep ties to organized crime
CNN  -- Bashing Cliven Bundy for his remarks regarding race is like LeBron James dunking on a 5-foot rim : Pointless . And the same is true for Los Angeles Clippers owner Don Sterling , if you believe that he made the remarks attributed to him by TMZ and Deadspin . As President Barack Obama said , "  when ignorant folks want to advertise their ignorance , you do n't really have to do anything , you just let them talk . " Still talking about the talk of the ignorant is fun . After all , few things are more entertaining than well-executed memes and a hashtag in front of stupidity . The problem is that while men such as Bundy and Sterling may be racist , they are not the face of racism . Not today 's version . But we 'll place that yoke on their shoulders anyway because it 's easy , like James dunking on a kiddie rim . Some conservatives will quickly pedal away from the Bundys and the Ted Nugents of the world , insisting that they are not like those rodeo clowns . They do n't have a racist bone in their body because they would never make such outlandish statements . But then they turn around and marvel at how "  well-spoken " or "  articulate " a black person is and think nothing of it . Politicians of all stripes will publicly denounce the offensive things that Bundy says but continue to construct policies that cater to his sensibilities . Today , racism is n't a crazy old white man with a dead calf on his shoulders proclaiming he 's "  unracist . " No , it 's elected officials such as U.S. Rep. Paul Ryan of Wisconsin saying inner-city men are "  not even thinking about working or learning the value and the culture of work " and then feigning shock that people saw a racist element to his statements . Bundy and Sterling are just the lightning rods of the moment . Not too long ago , Paula Deen was the social pariah . Meanwhile , Racism 2.0 is busily working in the shadows , gerrymandering away voting rights and creating legislation that makes pre-emptively shooting dead a young black man who makes you nervous synonymous with standing one 's ground . The longer the media allow ignorant relics like Bundy to continue to hog the spotlight -- and the public points at him as the face of conservative racism -- the longer the current incarnation can go unchecked . That does n't mean Bundy 's fight with the government should be ignored . That does n't mean Sterling 's alleged remarks -- and well-documented past of discrimination -- should be overlooked . Only that their views -- and thus , importance -- should be kept in perspective . For mispronouncing Rosa Parks ' name pales in comparison to the politics of courting a racist electorate . It pales in comparison to the lack of compassion for the five children who were shot Easter Sunday at a park on the south side of Chicago or the characterization of poor people as takers . During the height of the recession , according to an analysis in The American Prospect , 33 states increased spending on prisons while decreasing spending on education , and we 're to believe the disproportionate number of minorities in jail is a coincidence ? So , yeah , yuk it up at Bundy 's expense . Keep tweeting #boycottClippers if it makes you feel better  though I 'd be more prone to use my 140 characters to ask why the NAACP thought Sterling was a good candidate for a lifetime achievement award  . But do n't make such people out to be anything more than what they are -- the few remaining voices of oppression from years past . Today racism has a different look . A different sound . A different voice -- though the song is still the same .	Granderson : Bashing Cliven Bundy 's remarks is easy , but he 's not face of today 's racism He says politicians denounce remarks even as they push or abide de facto racist policies He says gerrymandering , stand-your-ground laws , voter ID laws all are Racism 2.0 Granderson : Look for real racism in spending on jails , not schools
PEOPLE.com  -- Katy Perry 's parents , who are evangelical ministers , mentioned their famous daughter a number of times at religious services in Ohio on Wednesday , but sidestepped the issue of her divorce from Russell Brand . Keith and Mary Hudson , who arrived at Church on the Rise in Westlake , outside Cleveland , to host two nights of "  prophetic services , " said they attend Perry 's concerts even though they do n't love the idea of people worshiping pop idols . "  I only go for one reason and one reason only ... because I love my daughter and I will always love her , " Keith Hudson said . "  It was almost like church , " he added of the concert experience , adding that Perry 's fans "  want to worship and they want to love , they are just worshiping and loving the wrong person . " The Hudsons billed themselves as "  Katy Perry 's parents " on marketing materials for the event , but then told the crowd of about 300 that they do n't need help from anyone famous -- or their relatives -- to find God . "  I 'm sure that Katy 's trending on the Internet was to get you here to church tonight , " Mary Hudson said in her opening remarks . "  You do n't need a verse or a scripture . You do n't need Katy Perry 's father , " Keith said later . "  In the news they call us , ` Katy Perry 's parents are religious . ' Do I look religious ? " Keith , who did most of the speaking , said he converted from a drug user to a Christian when he was 24 years old . He touched on the evolution of church , developing a relationship with Jesus , and keeping a relationship with one 's children . "  What has taken place in my daughter 's life has opened many opportunities to go in and be with guarded and gated people , " he said . "  They like us because we 're cool . We are not threatening . " He added : "  The most important people on this Earth are your family . What would heaven be like without your children ? " At the end , the Hudsons signed books , sold jewelry to fund a women 's mission , and gave away samples of Katy 's perfume , Purr . See the full article at PEOPLE.com .  2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Keith and Mary Hudson sidestepped the issue of Katy Perry 's divorce "  I love my daughter and I will always love her , " Keith Hudson said "  I 'm sure that Katy 's trending on the Internet was to get you here to church , " Mary Hudson said
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . You can sell your skills , your time or your used stuff to make some extra money . With an abundance of job losses , salary cuts , eliminated bonuses and diminished 401  K  matching contributions , your income is shrinking -- but the bills are n't . If your regular job is n't earning you enough cash or you 've lost your job altogether , these simple side gigs can help put some padding in your pockets until -- maybe even after -- you get back on your feet . Here are 10 ways real people are creatively taking home some extra dough : 1 . Do freelance work Felice Premeau Devine left her lucrative , full-time job two years ago to raise her son . In the interim , she 's picked up writing and editing freelance work and started a blog , where she is able to earn a little cash from advertising . Nowadays , almost any job can be done on a contract or freelance basis . Check out sites like Sologig , which lead job seekers to contract , consulting , freelance , temp-to-hire and part-time project opportunities in your field . 2 . Sell your books If you 're a college student or you hung on to your college textbooks thinking you might want to read them again somewhere down the line , select retailers like Barnes & Noble allow you to sell your textbooks for some quick cash . Or , take some classics from your personal library and sell them at a local second-hand bookstore . 3 . Search circulating coinage Susan Headley , the "  guide to coins " on About.com , is a lifetime coin collector who has been boosting her income by searching through circulating coinage for the past six years . In 2008 , she made about $ 2,500 and so far in 2009 , she has earned approximately $ 500 from coins she 's found . People who search circulating coinage successfully for a side income do so in very large numbers , she says . They buy rolls of coins from banks , typically in whole boxes , and sort through it to find stuff that just does n't belong , Headley says . Half dollars , for example , were no longer made from 90 percent silver after 1965 , but they still had 40 percent silver in them until 1970 ; either of these turn a nice profit . Presidential dollar errors can be worth $ 50 to $ 5,000 each ; uncirculated state quarters can sell from $ 10 to $ 50 per roll ; and rare error coins can value up to $ 35,000 . 4 . Start a "  business " Turn your hobby , skills or expertise into a part-time business . Sites like Jobvana can help you do so by providing you with free tools to market your services and offer specialized skills to those looking for help . Peter Olson says he built a profile in September 2008 offering to teach guitar lessons . He has since gained two students , earning about $ 240 extra dollars per month and grossing around $ 1,000 since he started teaching . 5 . Enter local and online sweepstakes Wendy Limauge has been entering sweepstakes since 1993 and teaching others to win through her Web site , Sweeties Sweeps , since 2002 . Though winning sweepstakes rarely provides actual cash , her winnings have consistently provided her and her family with 200 to 300 prizes a year , many of them large items she and her husband could n't afford on their incomes alone . Prizes she has won include three TVs , two of which are flat-screens ; a home theatre system ; three dishwashers , each won on separate occasions ; at least $ 1,500 in grocery gift certificates ; an $ 18,000 voucher for the vehicle of her choice ; a trip to France valued at $ 25,000 ; and , in March 2009 , she won $ 5,000 in an instant-win game . "  The Internet has so many options for saving money , getting something for free , winning a prize or earning money from home , " Limauge says . "  You just need to find those resources that offer helpful information and point you in the right direction to get you started and keep you motivated . " 6 . Give your opinion -- and get paid Linda Childers , a California-based freelance writer , says many of her friends participate in focus groups . Contributing an hour of your time can earn you up to $ 100 , sometimes more . Online surveys , phone surveys and product trials can also earn you anywhere from $ 5 to $ 150 . Check out Free Paid Surveys or FindFocusGroups . 7 . Sell your junk Terri Jay earns $ 2,000 - $ 3,000 per month just by selling junk . On eBay , Jay not only sells stuff she is n't using ; she hits up local thrift stores on 99-cent days , garage sales and tack sales , looking for things of which she knows the value . She says her best sale was for a drink tray from the 70s : She paid 25 cents for it and it sold for $ 87 . "  The trick is to -LSB- sell -RSB- what you know , " she advises . "  Therefore you can list them -LSB- at correct prices -RSB- so they will get picked up in searches -LSB- on eBay -RSB- . " 8 . Join a direct selling company Direct selling is one of the easiest ways to earn some extra cash , especially if you sell products you love . Avon , for example , allows you start your own business for $ 10 -- your take home depends on your efforts . Some full-time representatives earn six-figure salaries , others own licensed Avon Beauty Centers and many just sell Avon part time around their family 's schedules . Haizel MacIntyre started her Avon business in June of 2008 to earn supplemental income to her full-time job when her husband was laid off . Since joining Avon , MacIntyre averages $ 1,800 a month in sales and her husband is helping her run the business . Her Avon earnings help pay the bills , provide extras for her three kids and she is hoping to earn enough to put towards her college tuition when she goes back to school to get her Masters in Social Work . 9 . Be a secret shopper Keen eyes for detail as well as a good memory are really all that it takes to succeed as a secret shopper , says Zippy Sandler , who has been mystery shopping for about 13 years . After registering with a secret shopping company , you are paid to basically go undercover and report on a company 's operation from the customer point of view . Sandler decided to start secret shopping not only to earn money eating , traveling and shopping , but also to learn customer service skills to pass along to the employees she managed at a retail store . Depending on the clients she is shopping for , Sandler says she has earned everywhere from $ 100 to $ 2,000 per month . 10 . Sell your photos to stock agencies It does n't matter if you 're a hobbyist , an amateur or a seasoned photographer - anyone can submit their photos to stock photo agencies like Shutterstock.com . If your images are accepted , they will be available for download by subscribers . Each time someone downloads your photos , you get 25 cents . Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	There are creative ways to earn extra money Sell your photographs to stock photo agencies ; sell your used books Join a direct selling company like Avon cosmetics Get paid for opinion surveys , enter local or online sweepstakes
CNN  -- You know about the obvious impacts of the government shutdown : federal workers idled , offices closed , funding disrupted for all sorts of activities . But some of the impacts are less obvious , more outrageous , or a little bit of both . Here 's a sampling of some of the spinoff effects of the shutdown showdown in Washington : State Department defends $ 5 million for high-end glassware Shuttered Websites In the digital equivalent of throwing a sheet over unused furniture , many federal agencies have replaced their websites and all the information on them with static pages announcing the government shutdown . Whether a website will be up or not , however , is something of a guessing game . The National Parks Service site is down . It sends visitors to the Department of Interior 's website , which is up but not being updated . The Department of Justice website is up , but the website for its subordinate agency , the Bureau of Justice Statistics , greets visitors with a stark white page reading , "  Due to the lapse in federal funding , this Office of Justice Programs  OJP  website is unavailable . " That you can still reach the websites mean the computers that serve the data are still up and running , and the government is either paying a private company to operate them or they 're using taxpayer-funded power to continue running . But it does n't matter if running the sites with big "  closed " sign draped across the front costs the same or even more than letting them run , the White House said in a September 17 memo to federal employees . "  The determination of which services continue during an appropriations lapse is not affected by whether the costs of shutdown exceed the costs of maintaining services , " according to the memo . Icing Antarctic research While NASA has the okay to keep supporting U.S. astronauts at the International Space Station , the same apparently is n't true of scientists at what may be the United States ' next most desolate outpost : Antarctica . The National Science Foundation said Wednesday that it would run out of money to keep the U.S. Antarctic Program going by October 14 . So it 's putting the program into "  caretaker status , " leaving research stations and other facilities staffed with only the bare number of people necessary to "  ensure human safety and preserve government property , " the agency said . That means many of the scientists who would be heading to the program 's Antarctic research stations to work over the Southern Hemisphere 's summer , which begins in December and runs February , are in limbo . The agency says it will try to restart the research program once funding resumes , but says that it could be tough once seasonal workers are let go and the seasonal window to do some of the work has passed . Emptiest catch The shutdown also could make its way to your seafood dinner plate . Without federal employees to set rules and quotas for the fishing season , crab fleets in Alaska are in limbo -- unsure whether they 'll be able to head out in pursuit of lucrative crab that bring in millions of dollars each season . A delay of even a few days could be costly , Rep. Suzan DelBene , D-Washington , said in a House speech last week . Her district includes the home port for some of the fleets that fish for Bering Sea crab . What you need to know today "  A delay could mean they 'll miss out exporting to the all-important Asian holiday market when demand is at its highest and most lucrative , " she said . That could cost the industry millions , dealing it what she called a "  crippling blow . " One fishing captain told CNN affiliate KIRO that the delay threatens what they call the "  Super Bowl of crab fishing . " "  We think of a lot of other things besides the government affecting our fishing -- weather , boats , crew , " said Capt. Moore Dye of the fishing vessel Western Mariner . "  This has really caught us off guard . " No shutdown for House gym rats Move along , nothing to see No , the Obama administration has not deployed helicopters to hover in front of Mount Rushmore National Monument with a giant , view-obscuring sheet , as the rumor-busting site snopes.com debunked last week . But federal officials did -- for a time at least -- put traffic cones up at a pull-off where people stop to view the carving from a distance . Depending on whom you ask , the cones were either to block motorists from pulling off or to guide them into viewing areas . "  They wo n't even let you pull off on the side of the road , " the Argus Leader newspaper in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , quoted state Tourism Department Secretary Jim Hagen as saying . "  I just do n't know what they 're trying to accomplish . " The newspaper said park officials told the state the cones were meant only to channel motorists into viewing sites . They went up October 1 , the day the shutdown began . Federal officials removed the cones for at least a while after a snowstorm hit and crews needed to plow the roads , the newspaper reported . "  Once the snow 's off the ground , we 're going to be keeping an eye on how the cones go up , " the newspaper quoted the governor 's chief of staff , Dusty Johnson , as saying . On shutdown 's 9th day , survivors of fallen troops take center stage Do n't go in there The area around the Grand Canyon is a ghost town . It 's no different inside , and park rangers are working to keep it that way , according to The Republic newspaper in Arizona . Park officials have written about two dozen citations for people trying to sneak into the park . Some have been caught at the canyon 's South Rim , others on trails or attempting hikes , the newspaper reported . Shutdown leaves ranchers in the cold , blizzard kills their cattle Do n't ` recreate ' According to the Eagle-Tribune newspaper of North Andover , Massachusetts , tourist Pat Vaillancourt said National Park Service Guards held her tour group under armed guard in a Yellowstone National Park hotel and brusquely told tourists who had filed off their bus to take pictures of bison that they were n't to "  recreate . " The tour guide argued to rangers that the tourists -- some of them from overseas -- were n't "  recreating , " just taking pictures . "  She responded and said , ` Sir , you are recreating , ' and her tone became very aggressive , " the newspaper quoted Vaillancourt as saying . Yellowstone spokesman Al Nash , who despite being furloughed was asked by park officials to respond to some media inquiries when available , said hotel guests were never held under armed guard . He acknowledged that tourists were frustrated by limitations imposed by the shutdown -- he said parks officials were , as well . Ted Cruz : Democrats ' new bogeyman And stay out ! A Nevada couple said they were kicked out of their home in the Lake Mead National Recreation Area , CNN affiliate KTNV reports . Retirees Joyce and Ralph Spencer own a cabin on federal land , and were told last week they had 24 hours to clear out and stay out until the government reopens . Park officials gave KTNV a statement saying overnight stays are not allowed in the park until funding is restored , but said owners can visit their properties to retrieve belongings . While the decision has angered some commenters on KTNV 's story -- some of whom suggested the decision to kick out property owners was made out of spite and encouraged the couple to sue -- Joyce Spencer said they 're taking the situation in stride . While they 'd like to be allowed back in their home , the worst impact has been that she had to buy her husband new clothes they forgot while packing up to leave their cabin . "  We 're not hurt in any way except it might cost me if I have to go buy more pants , " she told KTNV . World worries : Can it count on U.S. ?	NEW : Some websites down , others up ; Antarctic research program iced Rangers are ticketing people who try to sneak into the Grand Canyon Crabbers ca n't fish without federal permits Homeowners on federal land have been kicked out
Vice President Joe Biden spoke Wednesday night about how , as a child , he stood up to a local bully by smashing the boy 's head and threatening to kill him . The remarks , which were published by the Daily Beast , came at an event organized by Vital Voices , a women 's rights group , where Biden was recognized as a man who combats violence against women . Biden set the scene during the speech by detailing how his family would stop by a doughnut shop after Mass every Sunday . "  We 'd get donuts , and my dad would wait in the car . As I was coming out , my sister tugged on me and said , ` That 's the boy who kicked me off my bicycle , ' " Biden recalled . "  So I went home , we only lived about a quarter mile away , and I got on my bicycle and rode back and he was in the doughnut shop . " Biden then said he walked up behind the boy , who was with his parents , and "  smashed his head next to the counter . " When the crowd applauded , Biden said , "  I 'm not recommending it . " After the scuffle , Biden says the boy 's father grabbed him . The future vice president then said to both son and father , "  If you ever touch my sister again , I 'll come back here and I 'll kill your son . " "  Now , that was a euphemism , " Biden said , getting to the point of the story . "  I thought I was really , really in trouble . My father never once raised his hand to any one of his children -- never once -- and I thought I was in trouble . He pulled me aside and said , ` Joey , you should n't do that , but I 'm proud of you , son . ' " Six times Joe Biden aimed for the truth and caused a headache Biden has a substantial record of combating violence against women . As a senator in 1990 , he introduced the Violence Against Women Act , legislation that changed law enforcement response and criminal justice sentencing for crimes against women . The oldest of four siblings , Biden was born and raised in Scranton , Pennsylvania until age 11 . In 1953 , his family moved to the Delaware would regularly make the short trip to visit family in Scranton . Scranton also appears to have molded Biden into a fighter , too . ` White boy ' Biden calls tea party ` crazy ' In a 2012 interview with the AP , Tom Bell , a Biden childhood friend from Scranton , retold a story about how he asked Biden to beat up a bully next time he was in town . Biden , according to Bell , did just that . Richard Ben Cramer , in the seminal book "  What It Takes : The Way to the White House , " also documented Biden 's fighting steak . "  Once Joey -LSB- Biden -RSB- set his mind , it was like he did n't think at all -- he just did , " Cramer wrote . "  That 's why you did n't want to fight him . Most guys who got into a fight , they 'd square off , there 'd be a minute or so of circling around , while they jockeyed for position . Joey did n't do that . He decided to fight ... BANGO -- he 'd punch the guy in the face . " Cramer noted that this fighting prowess came as much out of necessity as it did out of desire . "  Joe was kind of skinny , and he stuttered , and the kids called him Bye-Bye , for the way he sounded when he tried to say his name , " Cramer wrote . "  But Joey would never back down , and he knew how to box , when no one else did . " Joe Biden : ` I 'm not changing '	After a bully bothered Biden 's sister , he "  smashed his head next to the counter " and threatened to kill him The point of the story was that Biden stood up for his sister and his father was proud of him for it The remarks came at an event where Biden was recognized for being a man who combats violence against women The vice president , who grew up in Scranton , Pennsylvania , had a history of fighting as a child
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As absentee ballots pour in from U.S. troops overseas , officials are voicing concerns that many of those votes wo n't be counted . An absentee ballot from Arlington County in Virginia shows the names of the general election candidates . "  It 's dismal , " said Rosemary Rodriguez , who works for the U.S. Elections Assistance Commission , a non-partisan group . "  These are the voters that are in some cases preserving our liberties and out there with their lives on the line . " Rodriguez estimates that in the last general election , only about 30 percent of overseas military ballots were actually returned and counted . "  It 's disenfranchising our military and frankly I think it 's very unpatriotic , " said retired Navy Lt. Melissa Cox Boss . A part of the problem is that each state has its own rules for absentee voting , and those rules can change in the middle of an election season . In Virginia , for example , the federal write-in ballot required a witness ' signature and address . That proved confusing for soldiers overseas because there was no box provided for a witness address . Rokey Suleman , the Fairfax County registrar , initially said he would have to discard 63 votes because voters neglected to provide a witness address . "  These ballots that are n't being met -- I ca n't accept as valid ballots at this point . If the law changes , I welcome a review of the law . I think the law is horrible , " he said . Late Monday , Virginia 's attorney general agreed , saying all county registrars could ignore that part of the law . Other areas , like Arlington County , refused to disqualify the absentee ballots that were filled out improperly , contributing to the the AG 's decision to intervene . Another part of the problem is that delivering mail from a battlefield can be challenging , according to Rep. Kevin McCarthy . McCarthy , R-California , says absentee ballots mailed from war zones are not getting to county registrars fast enough to be legally counted . "  With all the modernization that we have , we should be able to move these ballots , track them at the same time , bring the modernization and technology we have today to make sure our heroes across this world get treated fairly , " he said . McCarthy said he is pushing a bill through Congress that would address these issues , but not in time for this election . Overseas absentee ballots were at the center of the Florida recount during the 2000 presidential election between George Bush and Al Gore . Bush aides and Republican surrogates blasted their Democratic rivals for having overseas absentee ballots disqualified in Florida counties , many for lack of postmarks . Many of those ballots were presumed to have been from service members supporting Bush . Joe Lieberman , the Democratic vice presidential candidate , denied that charge and said that the disputed votes deserve the "  benefit of doubt . " " -LSB- Gore -RSB- and I would never authorize and would not tolerate a campaign that was aimed specifically at invalidating ballots from members of our armed services , and I 've been assured that there were more absentee ballots from non-military voters that were ultimately disqualified , " he said during an interview on NBC 's "  Meet the Press . " More than a month after the election , the Florida Supreme Court upheld two state court rulings that cleared the way to count thousands of ballots in predominantly Republican Seminole and Martin counties .	States ' rules for absentee ballots vary ; rules can change during election season 30 percent of overseas military ballots returned , counted in 2004 , official estimates Mail from war zones sometimes does not get to county registrars in time Military ballots were a focus in the 2000 recount in Florida
Miami  CNN  -- A 24-year-old Canadian man will probably face federal charges after allegedly rushing to the front of an American Airlines aircraft after it landed in Miami on Friday , the FBI said . Two passengers on Flight 320 from Montego Bay , Jamaica , helped subdue the man , identified by the FBI as Ryan Snider . No one was injured and there was no damage to the plane , the FBI said . Terrorism is not suspected , the agency said . American Airlines spokesman Ed Martelle said the man appeared to be disoriented . "  He did not obey crewmember instructions to sit down and then moved toward the front of the aircraft where he was subdued , " he said in a statement . Passenger Ronald Webb told CNN affiliate WSVN that the incident was disconcerting . "  We were a little bit worried because we did n't know what it was all about , " he said . Snider is expected to make an initial court appearance Tuesday in Miami , the FBI said . "  Consular officials in the United States have been informed of the detention of a Canadian citizen and have extended an offer of consular assistance . Canadian consular officials will remain in contact with local authorities and are prepared to provide consular assistance as needed , " Chris Plunkett , spokesman for the Canadian Embassy in Washington , said in a statement .	FBI identifies the suspect in the Miami airline incident as Ryan Snider of Canada The 24-year-old man is likely to face federal charges , the FBI says Snider rushed to the front of the plane after it landed , the agency says
CNN  -- In these days of austerity , thin profit margins , low competitiveness and high unemployment , we often hear of companies braving the economic storm with innovation and ingenuity . For niche businesses , this can work . Others , however , need to think carefully about a plan of attack . It 's not just a question of turning your attention to international markets in the hope of making up the bleak numbers at home . Advice from chief executives suggests you need to know your markets , tweak your products and then push your brand . Fuller , Smith & Turner have been doing just that . And it 's led to them exporting around 12 million pints of beer a year . Founded in 1654 , the brewery has seen its fair share of economic difficulties . But this time the crisis is twofold : The economic crisis facing Europe and the impact of beer duty at home . Despite the deepening crisis in Western Europe , Michael Turner , chairman of Fuller , Smith & Turner , told me the latter crisis was his bigger concern . The British government introduced a 2 % duty on beer and wine back in 2008 , but since then it has reportedly increased 42 % . That , Turner tells me , is crippling the industry and sapping demand for its product in the UK . According to Turner : "  We pay , in this country , 40 % of all the beer duty for the whole of the EU and we have something like twelve times the amount of tax that the Germans do . " That tax burden forced Fuller , Smith & Turner to seek out new sources of income . And so the company turned its attention to exports . It now exports to 68 countries around the world , roughly the equivalent of twelve million pints per year . The company increased volumes by 200 % in the last five years . Traditional beers such as London Pride and London Black Cab have also benefited from what 's been dubbed "  the London-effect , " that came with hosting the Olympics , celebrating the Jubilee and the royal wedding . But Fuller , Smith & Turner has also adjusted its product to suit each market . The U.S. has become one of their biggest export markets . Tax in the U.S. is per bottle rather than then by alcohol level , and Fuller , Smith & Turner has successfully tapped the market by selling a wide variety of drinks with different alcohol levels . It has adapted the aesthetic slightly by selling them in cardboard baskets rather than in plastic packs . Scandinavia and Italy , meanwhile , prefer draft beer , even if that 's 8.5 % alcohol content . To keep up with such international demands , the company , which has always been based in London , has had to invest in its facility . Turner told me the company had spent $ 9 million extending the already crammed brewery . Robots were brought in to maximize space and allow for the quick loading and unloading of kegs and beer pallets . A new production line that cleans , sterilizes and fills beer kegs has also been introduced , allowing for greater capacity . Jeff Hack-Davies , the company 's packaging operations manager , tells me this line alone has enabled them to produce 60 to 70 thousand kegs per week compared to 3,000 eight years ago . It 's an investment that has enabled them to keep up with international thirst for its beers and in turn beat the gloom in the UK . If that were n't enough , this London brewery is also overturning the common perception abroad that British beer is warm , weak and undrinkable .	Fuller , Smith & Turner demand that has seen volumes increase by 200 % in the last five years The company has had success in selling a wide variety of drinks with different alcohol levels . Fuller , Smith & Turner exports to 68 countries around the world , roughly the equivalent of twelve million pints per year
Washington  CNN  -- The Consumer Product Safety Commission has issued a voluntary recall of a craft kit to create a foam pumpkin turkey following concerns the magnets included with the seasonal adult product could pose a hazard if ingested by small children . No injuries have been reported . About 1,800 kits , manufactured in China , were sold exclusively by Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores , based in Hudson , Ohio , between August and October of this year . They sell for about $ 8 . Consumers can return the item for a full refund . The product safety commission said in a release , "  Magnets holding the pumpkin shell pieces together can become loose , posing an ingestion hazard to young children . " The magnets can link together inside a child 's intestines , "  causing intestinal obstructions , perforations , sepsis and death . " When assembled , the product resembles a turkey with a pumpkin-shaped body . The kit comes with various foam pieces to decorate the outer pumpkin shell and six small magnets that hold it together . Shoppers warned to avoid dangerous toys Children 's tents recalled over suffocation risk What 's on your Thanksgiving table ?	The Consumer Product Safety Commission says magnets could be a hazard for young kids When assembled , the product resembles a turkey with a pumpkin-shaped body The kits were sold exclusively by Ohio-based Jo-Ann Fabric and Craft Stores
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Ten Americans held in Haiti on charges of illegally trying to take 33 children out of the country were scheduled to have their first court hearing Monday afternoon , according to the U.S. State Department . P.J. Crowley , a department spokesman , said Monday that U.S. and Haitian authorities are "  working to try to ascertain what happened -LSB- and -RSB- the motive behind these people . Clearly there are questions about procedure as to whether they had the appropriate paperwork to move the children . " The Americans were turned back Friday night as they tried to take the children across the border into the Dominican Republic . At least some of the group are members of the Central Valley Baptist Church in Meridian , Idaho . The missionaries say they were just trying to help the children start a new life . Central Valley 's senior pastor , Clint Henry , reiterated that point Monday , saying the group 's intentions were "  upright and pure . " "  The intention was simply to go down and try to be an aid in ministering to children that had been orphaned in the quake , " the pastor said . "  It was our intention to be part of a new orphanage . The decision was made that we could house those children in the temporary sites . " But Haiti 's prime minister said Sunday the group was kidnapping the children . "  From what I know until now , this is a kidnapping case , " Jean-Max Bellerive told CNN . "  Who is doing it , I do n't know . What are the real objectives or activities , I do n't know . But that is kidnapping , and it is more serious because it 's involving children . " He added , "  The children certainly were not fully willing to go , because in some cases , from what I heard , they were asking for their parents , they wanted to return to their parents . " U.S. Embassy officials visited the Americans over the weekend at a jail near the airport in Port-au-Prince . They are being treated well and are holding on to their faith , the Americans said . "  We came into Haiti to help those that really had no other source of help , " Laura Silsby , a member of an Idaho-based charity , New Life Children 's Refuge , said on Saturday . "  We are trusting the truth will be revealed , and we are praying for that . " The group of five men and five women said they were trying to move the children to the Dominican Republic after the 7.0-magnitude earthquake January 12 that devastated parts of Haiti , flattening the capital and killing tens of thousands . But a Haitian judge has charged the 10 with child trafficking , they said . The U.S. Embassy in Port-au-Prince said Sunday that the Americans had been detained for "  alleged violations of Haitian laws related to immigration . " Government approval is needed for any Haitian children to leave the country , and the group acknowledged that the children have no passports . Jeanne Bernard-Pierre , general director for Haiti 's Institute of Social Welfare , said the children will be interviewed in the coming days to determine whether they have living relatives . The Americans said they believed the children were orphaned , and they were going to house them in a converted hotel in the Dominican Republic . Georg Willeit of SOS Children 's Villages , who said that Haitian police and the social ministry brought the children to his group after they were taken from the American group , said some of the children have living relatives . "  Some of them for sure are not orphans , " he said . "  Immediately after she arrived here , a girl -- she might be 9 years old -- was crying loudly , ' I am not an orphan , I do have my parents , please call my parents , ' " he said . "  And some of the other kids as well , they have their phone numbers , even , with them from their parents , " he said . He said he believes that at least 10 are not orphans . Mel Coulter , the father of Charisa Coulter , 23 , who is among those arrested , told CNN affiliate KTVB on Saturday that the group members "  want to bring kids out who have no home , who have no parents , who have no hope -- and this was an attempt to give them the hope that they 've lost in Haiti . " The Americans thought they had all of the necessary documents to transport the children out of the country , Coulter said , but they were stopped at the border Friday and told there was a paper missing . "  So they returned to Port-au-Prince , where they went in early -LSB- Saturday -RSB- morning to try and get the last documentation , and apparently were arrested on the spot and jailed . " He said the group wants "  to do everything according to the processes that are required . " CNN 's Karl Penhaul , Jill Dougherty and journalist Jessica Desvarieux contributed to this report .	Ten Americans held in Haiti , accused of illegally trying to take 33 children out of the country They were detained Friday as they tried to take children across border into Dominican Republic The missionaries say they were just trying to help the children start a new life But Haiti 's prime minister said Sunday the group was kidnapping the children
CNN  -- Perhaps the most interesting kick of the World Cup so far comes from a young adult who is paralyzed from the waist down . Clad in a metal vest , sporting a blue cap dotted with electrodes , he kicked off the world 's biggest soccer championship in an exoskeleton . It was , according to the scientist behind the exoskeleton 's kick , "  meant to shock the world . " But even more shocking than the exoskeleton 's first tentative steps is learning how it worked : controlled by the paralyzed patient 's mind . Let 's back up . Before there was a mind-controlled exoskeleton , there was a neuroscientist named Dr. Miguel Nicolelis who was curious about "  brain storms , " flurries of activity caused by neurons at any given moment . "  We have about 100 million cells interconnected in our brains , " said Nicolelis , a professor of neuroscience at Duke University . "  They communicate with one another through electrical signals . " Nicolelis wanted to know how brain storms generated behavior , so he began recording them . "  We wanted to understand how large populations of brain cells interact , " how memories are built , how we move our bodies or how we sense the world around us , said Nicolelis . Scientists quickly realized that decoding the alphabet of neurons in the brain meant that its language could be transmitted to devices outside the brain . Thus began the creation of the mind-controlled exoskeleton , or what Nicolelis and his colleagues call a "  brain-machine interface , " a way of connecting brain tissue to artificial devices . "  We realized that there was a tremendous potential application for rehabilitation in severely paralyzed patients , " Nicolelis said . Paper-thin electrodes  that can both record and transmit neuronal information to the exoskeleton  are the conduit between the patient 's brain and the exoskeleton . In the case of human patients , most of the electrodes reside in a cap that he or she wears . The patient thinks about moving , the generated activity is translated , and that activates the exoskeleton . "  We are able to show that you can read the signals and send them to devices , " said Nicolelis , adding that the devices , in turn , move according to the voluntary intention of the patient . That is the simple explanation . What is more complicated is how brain signals , muscle movement and spinal cord activity all coalesced into that dazzling opening kick . Nicolelis is hoping to build on what he and his team have already accomplished to create a full-body exoskeleton . That will involve recording tens of thousands of neurons simultaneously , he said . "  One day  we 'll be walking in New York and we 'll see a person walking on the streets that could not walk before , " he said . "  I think in our lifetime we 'll see that . "	Paralyzed patient kicks off the 2014 World Cup in an exoskeleton Exoskeleton is controlled by the patient 's mind Neuroscientists call it a "  brain-machine interface "
ROME , Italy  CNN  -- The Italian capital Rome was spared major damage Saturday as some of the heaviest flooding in the past century reached its peak without bursting the banks of the Tiber river . A rescue boat patrols the swollen River Tiber in central Rome early Friday . Italian Civil Protection officials said the river will take several days to return to normal levels but there was no longer a risk of flooding . Civil Protection teams were also coordinating the removal of two barges that crashed against bridges after breaking their moorings on Friday . Italian media report that last night a young man from Ireland fell in the Tiber , but his body has not been found yet . Hundreds of volunteers and officials had been deployed around Rome ahead of the flood 's peak , while sandbags were lined up to contain any possible river overflow . Firefighters Thursday had to rescue dozens of motorists stranded in their cars . Because of the intense rain , the streets of some northern Rome neighborhoods were already flooded by water and covered in thick brown mud . One woman died near Rome early Thursday when her car was submerged by a wave of water and mud in an underpass . The body of a second victim was found in the southern region of Calabria after a bridge collapsed . Earlier this month , much of the Italian city of Venice was underwater as some of the heaviest floods for several decades burst the city 's famed canal networks and inundated historic landmarks such as St. Mark 's Square .	Flood waters subside in Rome Italy has been hit by a wave of bad weather that has claimed two lives One woman died near Rome when her car was submerged by a wave of water Body of a second victim was found in Calabria region after a bridge collapsed
CNN  Arsenal put a huge dent in Manchester City 's title hopes after a comfortable 2-0 victory at the Etihad Stadium . A first half penalty from Santi Cazorla and a second half Olivier Giroud header secured all three points for the North London club , reigniting their Champions League ambitions whilst leaving second place Manchester City five points adrift of Chelsea . Arsenal have had a terrible record against top four opposition away from home in recent years , and little was expected of a team ravaged by defensive injuries . Last season Manchester City won the corresponding fixture 6-3 . Instead , Arsenal put in a supremely disciplined performance against a Manchester City team without their talismanic midfielder Yaya Toure , who is now at the African Cup of Nations , and struggling to score goals . Although striker Sergio Aguero started , he looked rusty and rarely threatened Colombia World Cup goalkeeper David Ospina in the Arsenal goal . It took a soft penalty to open the scoring , when Manchester City 's captain Vincent Kompany was judged to have impeded Nacho Monreal as he marauded into the box . Santi Cazorla , by far the best player on the pitch , dispatched the penalty despite Manchester City goalkeeper Joe Hart guessing the right way . "  The penalty changed the game , " Manchester City coach Manuel Pellegrini told Sky Sports after the game , hinting that he believed Monreal deceived the referee . "  It was not a penalty , " he added . Manchester City did n't look like equalizing and it was n't a surprise when Olivier Giroud doubled the lead with a header early in the second half , converting from a Cazorla free kick . "  We played high up in their half and it worked because we knew we wanted to make the space tight and we did it well , " Arsenal coach Arsene Wenger said after the game . "  People are very quick to judge and you forget we have many defenders out . It was down to discipline . We have a very important fight in front of us . " The victory lifted Arsenal into fifth place , one point behind Manchester United . Manchester City , however , are now five points behind leader 's Chelsea . The two meet at Stamford Bridge in a fortnight . Meanwhile , in Sunday 's other English Premier League game , West Ham United continued their brilliant start to the season by swatting aside relegation threatened Hull City . Second half goals from Andy Carroll , Morgan Amalfitano and Stewart Downing kept up their outside shot at Champions League qualification .	Arsenal beat Manchester City 2-0 . Goals from Cazorla and Giroud . Man City now five points behind leaders Chelsea .
CNN Student News  -- Students will investigate the contributions of Hispanic Americans to U.S. culture , and what it means to be an Hispanic in America today . Procedure Point out to students that Hispanic Heritage Month  September 15 - October 15  celebrates the culture and traditions of those who trace their roots to Spain , Mexico and the Spanish-speaking nations of Central America , South America and the Caribbean . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , "  September 15 was chosen as the starting point for the celebration because it is the anniversary of independence of five Latin American countries : Costa Rica , El Salvador , Guatemala , Honduras and Nicaragua . In addition , Mexico and Chile celebrate their independence days on September 16 and September 18 , respectively . " In observance of Hispanic Heritage Month , send student groups on a multimedia scavenger hunt to investigate how Hispanic Americans have contributed to U.S. culture , and the opportunities and challenges that exist for Hispanics in America today . Pose the following questions to guide students ' research : 1 . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , what is the estimated Hispanic population of the United States ? What percent of the total U.S. population does this number represent ? 2 . What aspects of Hispanic culture can be found in the U.S ? 3 . Who are some Hispanic Americans who have had an impact in U.S. politics and government ? 4 . Who are some famous Hispanic-American musicians , artists , writers and actors ? How have they impacted U.S. culture ? 5 . What Hispanic businesses exist in your community and other parts of the U.S. ? How have these businesses contributed to the U.S. economy ? 6 . What issues have you seen or heard about in recent news that are of interest to the Hispanic community ? Have groups share and discuss their findings with the class . Extension Instruct each student to interview several Hispanic-American teens and adults to get their responses to the following question : What would you like other Americans to know about what it means to be Hispanic in America today ? Have students summarize the interviewees ' responses and share them with the class . Related Resources - Maps Hispanic Heritage - Independence Day : September 15 Cuba Mexico Dominican Republic and Puerto Rico Correlated Standards Social Studies I. Culture Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of culture and cultural diversity . V. Individuals , Groups and Institutions Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The Curriculum Standards for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org/standards/ are published by the National Council for Social Studies  http://www.socialstudies.org  .	Students will investigate how Hispanic Americans have contributed to U.S. culture Students will identify opportunities and challenges that exist for Hispanics in America Students can use videos and maps to further their understanding of Hispanic heritage
CNN  -- Manchester United 's perfect start to the English Premier League season came to a halt on Saturday when the defending champions were held to a 1-1 draw at Stoke City . United had won five matches in a row , and took the lead through a superb individual goal from midfielder Nani in the 27th minute as the Portugal international waltzed into the box and drilled in a low shot . However , the industrious home side never gave up and claimed a point against the 19-time English champions for the first time in the Premier League thanks to a 52nd-minute header from big-money August signing Peter Crouch . The lanky former Tottenham striker got between central defenders Phil Jones and Rio Ferdinand to nod home from a corner as United goalkeeper David De Gea was left helpless on his line . United went into the match without England striker Wayne Rooney , who wrote on Twitter that he expects to return from injury for Tuesday 's Champions League visit by Swiss side Basel . His regular forward partner Javier Hernandez is a doubt for that match after coming off in the first half against Stoke having fallen hard on his head when he tumbled following a tussle with Jonathan Woodgate as the Mexican sought to score . That left United with last season 's top scorer Dimitar Berbatov up front alongside Michael Owen , who scored twice in midweek in the League Cup but failed to make the same impression . Berbatov was similarly ineffectual and was later replaced by Danny Welbeck as United battled in vain to win the match . The result left United on 16 points , above local rivals Manchester City only on goal difference . City earlier briefly topped the table as second-half goals from substitutes Mario Balotelli and James Milner ended Everton 's run of victories in their last four visits to Eastlands . Balotelli broke the deadlock in the 68th minute after replacing Edin Dzeko , with his shot taking a deflection off Everton defender Phil Jagielka . The Italian then set up David Silva , whose effort was ruled out for offside -- and the Spanish playmaker also earlier hit the woodwork . Silva provided City 's second with a minute to play as he sent England midfielder Milner clear after an error by Everton 's former Real Madrid winger Royston Drenthe , who came on as a substitute . Balotelli 's return to form will give manager Roberto Mancini a selection dilemma ahead of Tuesday 's Champions League trip to Bayern Munich . Meanwhile , Fernando Torres was both hero and villain as third-placed Chelsea beat promoted Swansea 4-1 . The Spain striker scored his second goal in two games after a long drought to put the London side ahead on the half hour , but was sent off before halftime for a bad tackle on Mark Gower -- his first red card in the Premier League . It was another mixed weekend for the $ 80 million former Liverpool player , who also netted in the 3-1 defeat at Manchester United before an extraordinary miss that saw him widely lampooned . Ramires had already made it 2-0 before Torres departed , and the Brazil midfielder doubled his tally in the 76th minute before Swansea defender Ashley Williams headed in Gower 's freekick . Substitute Didier Drogba sealed victory deep into stoppage time to boost his hopes of starting in Wednesday 's Champions League trip to Valencia . Newcastle retained fourth place with a 3-1 victory over Blackburn , who remained in the relegation zone . Senegal striker Demba Ba scored his first hat-trick in English football before being replaced by France midfielder Hatem Ben Arfa , who made his league comeback after almost a year out with a broken leg . Fifth-placed Liverpool bounced back from the 4-0 trouncing at Tottenham by beating mid-table Wolverhampton 2-1 at home . Charlie Adam was sent off last weekend but this time his 11th-minute shot produced an own-goal by defender Roger Johnson , and striker Luis Suarez made it 2-0 before halftime . Substitute striker Steven Fletcher gave Wolves hope four minutes after the break , but Kenny Dalglish 's team held on as England midfielder Steven Gerrard continued his comeback from long-term injury when he was introduced late in the match . Tottenham closed to within a point of Liverpool , having played one fewer match , after a 2-1 win at Wigan . New signing Emmanuel Adebayor set up Dutch midfielder Rafael Van der Vaart in just the third minute , then Gareth Bale headed home Luka Modric 's 23rd-minute corner to make it 2-0 . Striker Mohamed Diame reduced the deficit five minutes after halftime but Wigan defender Steve Gohouri was sent off for a second booking for a foul on winger Bale as Spurs held on for a third successive victory . Arsenal moved out of the relegation zone and up to 12th place with a 3-0 win over 10-man Bolton that left the visitors rock bottom after five successive defeats . Robin van Persie 's second-half double gave the Dutch forward 100 goals for the London club , while Alex Song curled home late on . Bolton had defender David Wheater sent off with the score at 1-0 after tugging back England forward Theo Walcott , who later limped off . West Brom and Fulham remained in the bottom four after a 0-0 draw at the Hawthorns which left the visiting London side still seeking a first victory this season .	Manchester United drop first points of English season with 1-1 draw at Stoke United head table on goal difference from rivals Manchester City , who beat Everton Third-placed Chelsea beat Swansea as Fernando Torres scores and is sent off Newcastle retain fourth place as Demba Ba scores hat-trick against Blackburn
