CNN  -- Manila 's Payatas dump site is more than a simple landfill , it 's an entire human eco-system . Located to the northeast of the Philippines ' capital , it supports a population of almost half a million people many of whom eke out a precarious living sifting through garbage . Over the decades , an informal cottage industry grew up around women who earned money weaving recycled scrap fabric into rugs -- a job that allowed them to earn at least some money while they took care of their children at home . Their work came to the attention of middlemen who exploited them by controlling the supply of fabric as well as their access to the market . Eventually , many of the women were driven down below cost , producing the rugs for as little as 20 cents a day . In 2007 , a group of young professionals came together to change the situation . Rags2Riches was set up to provide the women artisans of Payatas with a fair price and access to the formal market . With the help of some of the Philippines ' top designers , including sought-after names such as Rajo Laurel , Amina Aranaz-Alunan , Olivia d'Aboville and Oliver Tolentino , the company began producing high-end fashion accessories made by the women of Patayas and other communities around the Philippines . According to Rags2Riches president Reese Fernandez-Ruiz , in a short six years the company has built an international brand with a growing reputation . "  We are starting to sell to retailers like Anthropologie and our partnerships are just going to expand , " she said . "  We 're doing our next fundraising within weeks and we 'll be getting new investors in . " The company has so far trained more than 800 artisans producing everything from handbags , wallets and even wine bottle covers that retail in fashion houses as far away as London and New York . It now operates in 21 different communities around Metro Manila and has expanded to other parts of the Philippines taking in designs and work from poor communities across the country . Creating chances for a better future The company aims not just to pay its workers better but to provide financial , educational and health training that it says will pay dividends into the future . Fernandez-Ruiz stresses that the materials that go into the products are no longer sourced from the garbage dump -- the scene of a tragic landslip in 2000 that killed more than 200 people -- but come straight from textile manufacturers before they are dumped . As for taking on the middlemen , she says there was such little cohesion among them that simple market forces broke their grip on the trade . Rags2Riches , she says , pays an average of 400-700 pesos a day  $ 9 - $ 16  to its artisans , making it an easy choice for women that once earned as little as 20 cents for every rug they made . "  Funnily enough the middlemen made up a very informal group and a lot of middlemen did n't know that there were a string of middlemen involved in the operation , " she said . "  Some of them thought they were alone in this and some of them are actually artisans now , " she said . "  It was n't really a gangster scene but it was more a group of people who really were n't aware of the opportunities that they had . "  When they had information , it allowed them to make better decisions . By coming into the picture , we provide them with that avenue . " Fernandez-Ruiz said the artisans are more than simply employees , and are integral to the operation of the company . "  They have a voice here . They provide us with their feedback and input -- they are part of our management team and part of our board as well . " Building a business While the rag-pickers of Patayas had always made woven material to a high standard , she said that taking the products to the next level to allow them to be sold in international fashion houses had been an education for the artisans and the managers at Rags2Riches . "  While quality might be an objective thing for people who know what that means , for people who have other things to think about like what their kids will eat , the idea of quality can seem very trivial . "  We had to expose them to the market and understand how it works and why it has to work that way . "  It took a while and it was a process but there 's a very strong understanding of how the market works now and the artisans influence it themselves . " In the often ego-driven world of high fashion -- where a designer 's name drives the success of the brand -- Rags2Riches is turning many of the commonly held assumptions about brand success on their head . "  Artisans come to us with their designs all the time , " Fernandez-Ruiz said , adding that individual artisans put their name to every product . "  We have a practice of collaborative design so it 's not just one person calling the shots . "  One person will know how one particular part of a bag works and another person will know another part . "  We 've found that if it 's not collaborative , it 's not as effective . " Read more : Some Philippines children swim to school , but now their lives could change Read CNN 's sponsorships policy	Payatas is home to one of the Philippines ' largest garbage dumps Half a million people live around the area with many surviving by scavenging Rags2Riches set up to help give women chance to utilize weaving skills by making bags and fashion accessories
Washington  CNN  -- The Supreme Court declined to intervene Monday in a dispute over a public school 's refusal to allow an instrument-only version of "  Ave Maria " at a graduation ceremony . Officials feared the piece would be an endorsement of religion in that limited public forum . Without comment , the justices rejected the appeal of Kathryn Nurre , who was a high school senior in Everett , Washington , in 2006 . By tradition , graduating members of the school 's wind ensemble could choose a piece from their repertoire to play at the June ceremony . They chose an arrangement of Franz Biebl 's well-known "  Ave Maria , " which had been performed previously in choir recitals . School district officials said they feared complaints similar to those that followed the previous year 's choir performance of a vocal piece that included references to God , heaven and angels . "  Ave Maria " was banned even though the performance would have contained no lyrics . The school district told principals to approve only musical selections that were "  purely secular in nature . " Nurre and others sued , saying their free speech rights were being violated , and said their choice of the piece was made on purely artistic , not religious , grounds . They also cited previous examples where a limited use of religious imagery in a public setting was considered acceptable . Such examples are Ten Commandments monuments in city parks and opening legislative sessions with a prayer . Justice Samuel Alito publicly dissented with the high court 's rejection of the appeal . "  When a public school purports to allow students to express themselves , it must respect the students ' free speech rights , " he said . "  School administrators may not behave like puppet masters who create the illusion that students are engaging in personal expression when in fact the school administration is pulling the strings . " The high court declined to explore whether those attending a graduation ceremony constituted a "  captive audience " that might feel forced to hear a religious message with which they may disagree . The case is Nurre v. Whitehead  09-671  . In other Supreme Court action : • The justices agreed to decide whether a district attorney 's office can be held liable after a former death row inmate in Louisiana said prosecutors withheld key evidence leading to his conviction . At issue is a federal law that can place the burden on the state with a "  failure to train " standard when one of its prosecutors unconstitutionally withholds exculpatory evidence from a criminal defendant . Then-New Orleans-area District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. claimed his office should not be held fully responsible after one of his staff attorneys violated long-standing , accepted procedures on handling evidence in criminal trials . The defendant , John Thompson , was freed from state prison after 18 years behind bars for the murder of a hotel executive . He came within weeks of execution before being granted a new trial . He was then acquitted in 2003 and won a $ 14 million judgment against the state . Oral arguments in the appeal will be heard in the fall . The case is Connick v. Thompson  09-571  . • In another case , current and former Chinese Muslim detainees at the military prison in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba , lost another round at the high court . The justices are staying out of the latest dispute about the prisoners ' demand of a 30-day notice before any proposed transfer from the detention center . The men , known as Uyghurs , wanted advance notice of which country they were being sent to , fearing they could be sent to a place where they would be tortured , imprisoned or harassed about their religious beliefs . The U.S. government , which says the prisoners are no longer considered "  enemy combatants " or a national security threat , reiterated they would not be sent to places where they might face torture or continued imprisonment . Many of the Uyghurs released so far have been sent to the Pacific nation of Palau , with others going to Bermuda or Albania . The justices had previously agreed to hear the Uyghurs ' broader constitutional claims over their years-long detention , but the case was tossed out as moot , since most of the men have been freed or are in the process of being freed . The case is Kiyemba v. Obama  09-581  . • The justices also rejected a separate appeal of a Massachusetts law that keeps demonstrators away from abortion clinics . Anti-abortion activists said the restriction violates their rights of free speech and assembly . The law sets a "  protest-free zone " of 35 feet outside clinic entrances , including driveways . Officials call it an acceptable balance between the right of access for patients and the right of expression for those opposed to the medical procedure . Some protesters said they have been forced onto streets to make their beliefs known and have nearly been hit by cars . That case is McMullen v. Coakley  09-592  .	In 2006 , school district disallowed instrument-only version of well-known song District cited complaints about performance of other piece that included religious references High school senior and others sued , saying free speech rights were being violated Court rejects appeal without comment ; Samuel Alito publicly dissents
The preliminary results of an autopsy that Michael Brown 's family requested are unlikely to settle the dueling narratives that have defined the case from the beginning . Brown was shot at least six times , all to the front of his body , according to the preliminary results . Four bullets went into his right arm , and he was shot twice in the head . Daryl Parks , an attorney representing Michael Brown 's family , said at a news conference in Ferguson , Missouri , on Monday that there is "  ample " evidence from an independent autopsy conducted on the teen 's body to support the arrest of the police officer who shot Brown . "  Already based on this limited information , people believe it plays into whatever theory they have about what happened , " CNN senior media correspondent Brian Stelter said . "  Because these shots were all in the front apparently , that might lend credence to people 's theories that Michael Brown was going after the police officer . "  On the other hand , " Stelter added , "  the shots were on the arms  and head  on the front . Does that mean his arms were up ? " It 's a case , he said , where more information is not necessarily better information . Therein lies some of the risk . "  This is bound to escalate tensions , " the Rev. Jesse Jackson said . "  This is a very provocative report . " Accounts unclear Brown , an unarmed black teenager , was shot dead nine days ago by a white police officer . His mother asked independent investigators who conducted the autopsy on her son 's body whether he felt any pain at the time of his death , according to Brown family attorney Benjamin Crump . She was told that "  he did not suffer , " Crump said at Monday 's news conference . Accounts of exactly what happened when Officer Darren Wilson stopped Brown vary widely . Witnesses said they saw a scuffle between the officer and Brown at the police car before the young man was shot . Police said Brown struggled with the officer and reached for his weapon . Several witnesses said Brown raised his hands and was not attacking the officer . Last week , the St. Louis County Police Department said an original autopsy found that Brown , 18 , died of gunshot wounds . But the department would n't say how many times he was shot or any other details . "  We are not specifying how many gunshot wounds at this point , " the department said . "  The investigation into his death is still ongoing , and the full autopsy is not likely to be released for many weeks because multiple law enforcement agencies are now involved in the investigation . " The lack of information prompted Brown 's family to request an independent autopsy . A high-profile pathologist Enter high-profile forensic pathologist Michael Baden . He has brought his expertise to the stand in a number of closely watched cases . Baden testified in the O.J. Simpson , Phil Spector and Drew Peterson murder trials . He was chairman of the committee of pathologists that investigated the assassinations of President John F. Kennedy and the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . "  Bringing him in is a very big development , " CNN legal analyst Joey Jackson said . "  The family wants to know what happened . And why should they just rely upon on what the authorities to tell them ? " Not shot at close range According to Baden 's autopsy , the bullets that struck Brown were not fired from close range , as indicated by the absence of gunpowder residue on his body . Some of the bullets left several wounds . One of the bullets shattered his right eye , traveled through his face , exited his jaw and re-entered at his collarbone , according to the autopsy . The last two shots were probably the ones to his head , family attorney Anthony Gray said . One entered the top of his Brown 's skull , suggesting that his head was bent forward when he was struck . More work to be done Baden intends to do much more than just the autopsy . He may ask questions about the officer 's gun as well . "  Is there only the police officer 's DNA on that gun . Or if there was , in fact , a struggle , is Michael Brown 's DNA on that gun as well ? That would certainly say a lot about whether a struggle for the gun took place . " Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder has approved another autopsy on Brown 's body , the Justice Department said . The autopsy will be conducted by a federal medical examiner . Opinion : When will Ferguson heal ? Complete coverage of what 's happening in Ferguson	Investigators tell mother Michael Brown did not suffer , attorney says All the bullet wounds were to the front of Brown 's body "  People believe it plays into whatever theory they have , " Stelter says Accounts of what happened vary widely
New York  CNN  -- A suspect is in custody after a man punched a young woman in the head , dragged her by the ankles and threw her onto train tracks this week , a Southeastern Pennsylvania Transportation Authority spokeswoman said Friday . William Clark , of Philadelphia , faces assault , robbery , theft and reckless endangerment charges , said Heather Redfern , the SEPTA spokeswoman . The suspect is thought to be between 25 and 30 years old , she said . The attack occurred around 3:30 p.m. Tuesday in Philadelphia 's Chinatown , after a man approached a 23-year-old woman and asked her for a lighter . They were the only people at the Eighth and Race streets stop , Redfern said . A surveillance camera captured the assault . It shows the man attacking the woman and pulling her off a bench , her back hitting the floor as he slides her toward the tracks . She manages to stand at the edge of the platform just before he hurls her off . "  I started trying to fight him back as much as I could , " the victim told CNN affiliate KYW . "  After it was over , the first thing that popped in my head was my son . " Unlike two incidents in New York City last month -- one in which a man was crushed by a train after a heated argument , and another in which a woman pushed a man onto the tracks , possibly because she believed he was Muslim or Hindu -- this victim escaped . She "  managed to climb off the tracks , suffering only minor bruises and scrapes , " Redfern , said . After the attack , the man , who is thought to be homeless , took the victim 's cell phone and left the subway station . Police say they increased manpower in stations but withheld the video of the attack from the public because the attacker was wearing a jacket with a distinctive logo , and police hoped he would n't discard the jacket . Clark was taken into custody Thursday afternoon , wearing a jacket with the Taj Mahal logo on the back , Redfern said . Police are seeking a motive but say they believe the attacker could be mentally unstable .	NEW : Suspect faces assault , robbery , theft and reckless endangerment charges The attack occurred around 3:30 p.m. Tuesday in the city 's Chinatown Surveillance video shows woman being punched , dragged and thrown onto tracks The victim suffered only minor bruises and scrapes , transportation official says
SAN FRANCISCO , California  CNN  -- Steroid test results and notes and calendars from his then-trainer are among the evidence federal prosecutors have amassed in their perjury case against baseball home-run king Barry Bonds , according to documents unsealed Wednesday . Barry Bonds , shown at his most recent court appearance , is accused of lying to a grand jury . The 223-page stack of documents unsealed by a federal judge represents much of the government 's case against Bonds , who is accused of obstructing justice and lying to a grand jury investigating the use of steroids in professional sports . Prosecutors say the test results show Bonds was using performance-enhancing substances -- including a then-undetectable designer drug -- at a time he denied knowingly using any . Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep much of that evidence out of court . The 44-year-old former San Francisco Giants slugger holds Major League Baseball 's single-season and all-time home-run titles , but his achievements have been shadowed by allegations he used performance-enhancing drugs . Bonds pleaded not guilty to the perjury and obstruction of justice charges and has been free on $ 500,000 bond . A hearing in the case is scheduled for Thursday . The charges stem from his 2003 appearance before a federal grand jury probing the distribution of steroids by the San Francisco-area Bay Area Laboratory Cooperative , or BALCO . Bonds told the grand jury that his former personal trainer , Greg Anderson , gave him a cream that he said was flaxseed oil to use on his arm in 2003 . Anderson spent three months in prison after admitting distributing steroids and was later jailed for refusing to cooperate with prosecutors . The case against Bonds will include calendars kept by Anderson that prosecutors say were used to keep Bonds and other athletes on a doping regimen -- an assertion expected to be bolstered by the testimony of other athletes , they said . Evidence will include a recording of a phone conversation with an associate in which Anderson "  describes injecting the defendant , having the ability to obtain and utilize inside information about MLB 's random drug testing to the defendant 's benefit and the undetectable nature of what Anderson had been doing , " according to documents . Bonds won seven National League MVP titles during his 22-year career , 15 years of which was spent with the Giants . The team released him after the 2007 season , just weeks after he broke Hank Aaron 's career home-run record .	NEW : Bonds ' attorneys are seeking to keep many of the documents out of court NEW : Evidence will include phone conversation about "  injecting the defendant " NEW : Hearing in the perjury case is scheduled for Thursday Steroid test results and notes from ex-trainer among documents unsealed
CNN  -- He runs alongside the Arsenal coach in Vietnam 's capital Hanoi mile after mile . He bumps into trees and lamp posts but keeps on running . At one stage he beats his hand against the badge of the red and white Arsenal shirt that he is wearing , mimicking an often used footballer 's goal celebration . Eventually to keep up with the coach he hops on a moped . The "  Running Man " -- as Vu Xuan Tien has been dubbed -- gets his reward when the Arsenal coach stops and he is invited on board to meet the players and manager Arsene Wenger , who all sign his shirt . Man gets on Arsenal bus . Cue international headlines as the "  Running Man " goes global . Welcome to the power of English football in Asia . "  It should be a message for all of you guys that if you really want to pursue your dreams , it can happen , " goalkeeper Wojciech Szczesny told the Arsenal website . But the "  Running Man " is not the only one working his socks off in Asia at the moment . Arsenal are one of a number of English Premier League clubs touring Asia and Australia -- others include Manchester United , Liverpool and Chelsea -- as part of their pre-season preparations . The new season kicks off on August 17 . "  Tours provide us with an opportunity to build our global following , and are also a great opportunity to bring thousands of supporters further afield closer to the club by giving them a chance to interact with us personally , " an Arsenal spokeswoman told CNN . "  From a business perspective it 's also important we show our commitment to building our name around the world to become more attractive to potential commercial partners and to support some of our existing partners ' business objectives for whom Asia is also an important market . " The business case is clear , but to travel thousands of miles round the world , to train in humid conditions and wake up in a different hotel bed each morning seems -- on the face of it -- perhaps not an ideal way to prepare for the rigors of the English Premier League season and the challenge of the Champions League . United forward Wayne Rooney was an early casualty of the club 's three-week trip to Asia , with the England international having to fly home on the tour 's opening day with a hamstring injury . Dutchman Alex Buttner also picked up a hamstring injury in their friendly defeat to the Singha All-Stars in Thailand -- United 's first match on the tour -- to join Rooney in the treatment room . United did not respond to CNN 's questions regarding the financial importance of the Far East to the club or the physiological efficacy of these tours as a way of preparing players for a new season . While Premier League clubs press the flesh in Asia , Champions League winners Bayern Munich remained in northern Europe and held a training camp in northern Italy in Trentino early July . "  Unfortunately from a physiological perspective and as preparation for the upcoming season I ca n't see too many positives and more importantly there is significant chance of injury , " Dr Craig Duncan of the Australian Catholic University , who until recently was Sydney FC 's head of human performance , told CNN . "  It 's a disruption and I know from my perspective in preparing teams I prefer to be based in our home location which is familiar and has all the requirements that the players require . "  The impact of travel ca n't be underestimated and with changing time zones comes much needed adaptation and thus loss of valuable training time . "  Players are vulnerable to injury when fatigued and travel will increase fatigue so if coaches are not careful with training loads there are potential injury issues . " Last season the Premier League kicked off on August 18 , but September had the highest injury incidence rate of the season with 61 separate problems recorded in the month , whereas December showed the lowest 0.46 per game , according to respected website Physio Room . "  This is n't unusual and often it 's a problem with the preparation , " said Duncan . "  Clubs sometimes expose their players to a pre-season that has too great a training load . They see it as a time to get in as much work as possible to get them ready for the busy season ahead . "  However , the consequence of this is fatigue , thus players head into the new season in a fatigued state which exposes them to the risk of injury . "  Alternatively , if they have n't been prepared adequately  training load too low  they are also at risk at the onset of the season as the intensity is very high . "  Preparation of a team is a balancing act -- you must expose them to sufficient training load to have the players ready but not too much so that they are overly fatigued . " Dutch coach Raymond Verheijen agrees with Duncan that managers struggle to get the balance right in pre-season training . "  Most coaches make fitness training too important in pre-season , " said Verheijen . "  They are scared to death that their team will not be fit enough for the start of the season . "  So , they train often and train long . As result , players start to accumulate fatigue over time as in the above situation it is impossible for them to recover between sessions . "  On top of that , players also have to play friendly games while not recovered . So , coaches are compromising these friendly games by playing fatigued players . " The allure of Premier League clubs can be seen by the 95,000 crowd that is expected to watch Liverpool play Melbourne Victory on Wednesday . Prior to arriving in Australia , Liverpool were in Indonesia , when Asia-focused bank Standard Chartered extended its sponsorship of the club , continuing one of the most lucrative deals in English sport . The bank , which makes almost all its money in Asia , the Middle East and Africa -- regions where Liverpool has a strong following -- has been the club 's shirt sponsor since July 2010 . The original deal was worth about $ 30.5 million a season and reportedly the new terms are broadly similar . Liverpool did not respond to CNN 's questions regarding the financial importance of the Far East or player well-being , but the club 's former head of fitness and conditioning Darren Burgess was more forthcoming . "  The attitude of the Liverpool players was outstanding when I was there , " said Burgess , who is now high performance manager at Port Adelaide in Australia . "  They realize it 's part of playing for a big club . "  However there 's no doubt that the majority of coaches and players would rather complete pre-season at their local training centers . "  They can train in familiar surroundings , sleep in their own beds , have access to all the equipment they would need and not have the physical and mental interruption of travel . "  Physically it would definitely make for a more effective pre-season period . "  As far as countering fatigue , we tried to get the players into the Asian time zone as soon as possible and we adjusted training loads to avoid the injury risks associated with long-haul flying and pre-season training . "  We monitored the players heavily so we knew exactly who was coping with the heat/travel/training and who was n't so we 'd like to think the injury risk was minimized . " Premier League stars better get used to spending more of their time out in Asia -- the financial opportunities appear to be just too great to ignore . "  The support shown to us since we arrived in Indonesia , Vietnam and now Japan has been incredible , " said the Arsenal spokeswoman . "  Tens of thousands of supporters have attended our activities and pre-season matches on tour in Indonesia and Vietnam , and our first fixture in Nagoya in Japan has already sold out days ahead of the fixture . " "  A new generation of supporters in each country is able to interact with the club first hand , and we hope that builds a connection that lasts for many years to come . As British sports business expert Simon Chadwick points out for most Premier League clubs less than 10 % of the annual turnover comes from overseas sales , which means there is plenty of potential growth abroad . "  Overseas markets are potentially an important source of sustainable revenues , " said Chadwick . "  However , most clubs lack either the expertise or the infrastructure to capitalize upon these revenues , plus there is a physical limit to the amount of business a club can do overseas . "  They simply ca n't go and play in China each week where direct player/club relations are the most important point of engagement for fans in places like China . "  That 's interesting , as it hints at the potential development of globally franchised clubs in the future as we 've seen with Manchester City in the MLS . " Which means the "  Running Man " better keep on running because that Arsenal coach is likely to be soon back in Hanoi .	A number of Premier League clubs touring Asia Clubs see tours as way of building "  global following " But fears raised over impact tours have on player fitness Premier League season kicks off on August 17
Srinagar , India  CNN  -- A protest erupted Saturday in a village in northern Indian-administered Kashmir after the killing of a man by the Indian army late Friday or early Saturday . The Indian army said the man was shot after he walked into an ambush it laid after getting specific information about movement of militants in the area . But the family of the victim alleged he had been taken out of his home by the soldiers and his body was found early Saturday . Mohammad Shafi Rather , district magistrate in the Kupwara district , where the death occurred , told CNN that an investigation has been ordered into the killing of the man , identified as Manzoor Ahmad Magray , 24 . A case has also been registered against the army unit , he said . "  The enquiry would be conducted by the additional district magistrate Kupwara and the probe report would be submitted within a month , " Rather said . As the news of the killing spread in the village of Chogul , hundreds of residents assembled there and staged a protest . Shouting pro-freedom slogans , the villagers carried the man 's body to a highway and laid it there , blocking traffic . After the district magistrate provided assurances of an investigation , the villagers took the body to a graveyard for burial . The Indian army issued a statement Saturday morning regretting the man 's death , but maintaining that "  the troops had adhered to standard operating procedure  SOP  in the incident . " The army 's statement said Magray had walked into the ambush along with another individual . After being challenged to surrender , the two started running away , at which point the troops opened fire . "  We deeply and sincerely express our heartfelt condolences to the bereaved family on this incident , " said Lt. Col. J.S. Brar , a Srinagar-based defense spokesman . A long summer of pro-independence unrest was sparked in Indian administered Kashmir last year by the killing of an 18-year-old boy in police action in the capital , Srinagar .	The Indian army says the man ran after being challenged The man 's family says he was taken out of his home by soldiers The district magistrate promises an investigation
Washington  CNN  -- Supporters of the Violence Against Women Act hope to revive the law in a new Congress after efforts to renew it failed in the last one . "  It is an early priority for us , " House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , D-California , told CNN as the 113th Congress convened Thursday . "  Since it passed the Senate last time , with two more Democrats in the Senate , we hope that it will have an easy path there and a doable path there -- and a successful one in the House . " The Violence Against Women Act mostly provides support for organizations that serve domestic violence victims . Criminal prosecutions of abusers are generally the responsibility of local authorities , but the act stiffened sentences for stalking under federal law . Supporters credit the 1994 act with sharply reducing the number of lives lost to domestic violence over the past two decades . Baseball player charged after domestic dispute The Senate voted to renew the act for a third time in April , barring agencies that receive funding under the law from discriminating against gays and lesbians , allowing immigrants who face domestic violence to seek legal status and giving tribal authorities new power to prosecute cases on Indian reservations . The Republican-led House passed its own bill , one that did n't include those provisions and that advocates said rolled back some protections in existing law . The White House threatened to veto it , and no resolution was reached before the clock ran out on lawmakers this week . The failure to reauthorize the act leaves people such as Nancy Neylon , executive director of the Ohio Domestic Violence Network , facing the prospect of layoffs at her organization and others that work with spousal abuse victims . Neylon said the act funds the paycheck of one of her group 's nine employees and others in towns around the state . "  We have no state money that supports domestic violence or sexual violence programs , " Neylon said . The money already in the pipeline is running out , she said -- and without federal support , "  We have no services here . " Granderson : Stop and think , Rihanna The National Task Force to End Sexual and Domestic Violence Against Women says the failure to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act does n't mean the law is dead -- "  VAWA itself is very much alive and will continue in its 2005 version , " it notes . But the programs it supports "  are certainly threatened because the budget crises at the local , state and national levels are always looming . " The standoff over the so-called fiscal cliff put off across-the-board cuts to those programs , according to the task force , a coalition of civil rights groups other advocates . But without further action , it says nearly 200,000 people could lose help they now receive . Opinion : Do n't gut the VAWA Neylon 's Columbus-based organization supports shelters and programs across Ohio . Federal money supports legal aid for victims facing custody , housing , employment or immigration problems and training for police , prosecutors and probation officers involved in domestic violence cases , she said . Other programs under the Violence Against Women Act pay for court programs aimed at curbing abuse . The existence of federal law "  drew incredible attention to the issue " and spurred states to toughen their own laws on spousal abuse and sexual assault , Neylon said . It means protective orders cross state lines -- an important issue in a state where metropolitan areas such as Cincinnati and Toledo straddle the borders . Neylon said changes included in Senate bill "  bubbled up from the field " based on years of experience by women 's advocates , prosecutors , judges and social workers -- "  literally thousands of people providing input into what the major problems were out here in the country . " "  We 've now had a number of years to look at what the needs are , and the field was telling our federal legislators , ` This is what we need , ' " she said . Opinion : House GOP failed women on Violence Against Women Act The Senate bill passed 68-31 , with the support of 14 Republicans . The 222-205 vote on the House bill was more of a party-line affair , with only six Democrats supporting it and 23 Republicans voting against it . The House bill failed to extend the power of Native American tribes to prosecute offenses committed by non-Indians on tribal lands , which the National Congress of American Indians said allows abusers to "  game the system " and avoid prosecution . Talks extended into late December , with Vice President Joe Biden -- the architect of the 1994 law -- and House Majority Leader Eric Cantor , R-Virginia , attempting unsuccessfully to reach a deal . Cantor spokeswoman Megan Whittemore told CNN the majority leader "  has been working with our members , Vice President Biden and groups who serve those directly affected by these crimes to seek common ground across party lines and put an end to violence against women . " She pointed to a letter from the task force praising Cantor 's "  good-faith efforts " to find a resolution . But the letter also said the task force remains committed to keeping the language involving tribal courts . And Pelosi said the House bill "  was really a step backward for women . " CNN 's Dan Merica in Washington and Matt Smith in Atlanta contributed to this report .	Efforts to renew the 1994 Violence Against Women Act failed to survive the last Congress Supporters say the law sharply cut the number of domestic violence deaths Senate wanted to extend protections for Native Americans , gays and lesbians House bill did n't contain those provisions , which activists say are necessary
London  CNN  -- Seated side by side , News Corp. magnate Rupert Murdoch and his son , James , told British lawmakers Tuesday they were not to blame in a burgeoning scandal that has raised questions of how much top executives knew about illegal phone hacking and when . Testy exchanges peppered the nearly three hours of questioning by members of a parliamentary committee who pressed the father and son for answers on who may have authorized or known of reporters ' hacking of voice mails . Asked by one lawmaker , "  Do you accept that ultimately you are responsible for this whole fiasco ? " Rupert Murdoch simply responded : "  No . " After declaring it was "  the most humble day of my life , " the elder Murdoch let James Murdoch do most of the talking . When called upon , Rupert Murdoch indicated he knew little of the day-to-day details of his holdings and that he might hear more from a News of the World editor about extra soccer coverage than a payout to a phone hacking victim . Asked whether he had considered resigning , Rupert Murdoch replied : "  No , because I feel that the people I trusted , I do n't know at what level , let me down and I think they behaved disgracefully , betrayed the company and me , and it 's for them to pay . " "  I think that frankly I 'm the best person to clear this up , " he added . The Culture , Media and Sport Select Committee also heard from former top executive Rebekah Brooks , who testified she never paid a policeman or sanctioned a payment to police . Journalists at the now-defunct News of the World are accused of bribing police to get private details about people , including members of the royal family . Lawmakers seated at a horseshoe-shaped table quizzed the Murdochs about out-of-court settlements and employee actions . But it was an unexpected moment , well into the testimony , that was destined for video highlights . A protester tossed a plate of light-blue shaving cream at Rupert Murdoch , 80 , prompting a brief recess . "  You greedy billionaire , " the man said , as he hit Murdoch with the foam . Murdoch 's wife , Wendi Deng , who was seated behind him , leapt to her feet and smashed the attacker 's hand with her own . Britain is in an uproar over the scandal , which could have global implications . It began with the phone-hacking claims involving reporters from News of the World -- which led its parent company , News Corp. , to shut down the paper -- and quickly broadened into allegations that journalists had paid police for confidential information . Tuesday 's hearing was widely anticipated and the Murdochs , wearing conservative suits and ties , expressed contrition early on . Rupert Murdoch hesitated often when answering questions , and James often tried to intercede , saying he could delve into details of internal News Corp. investigations . The pair said the company has willingly forwarded information to criminal investigators once it became aware of it . While Rupert Murdoch said he could not know in any detail the actions of his 53,000 employees , committee member Tom Watson reminded the elder Murdoch several times he is in charge of corporate governance -- the culture and policies of a business entity . When James Murdoch tried to intervene on a point , Watson stopped him , saying , "  Your father is responsible , and serious wrongdoing has been brought about in the company and it 's revealing in itself what he does n't know and what executives chose not to tell him . " Rupert Murdoch said no one brought to his attention the fact that Neville Thurlbeck , a senior News of the World reporter , had been found guilty of trying to blackmail women . Rupert Murdoch said he and his son were not guilty of willful blindness to the company 's problems . Therese Coffey , a member of the parliamentary committee , told CNN after the hearing that she and others were surprised by how little Rupert Murdoch knew of some details . Rupert Murdoch told the Parliament committee he has seen "  no evidence " that victims of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks in the United States were victims of phone hacking by his employees , and he does not believe it happened . The FBI is investigating News Corp. over the claim , made by a British newspaper . In his testimony , James Murdoch said he had "  no knowledge " that Brooks and Les Hinton , another former News Corp. senior official -- both of whom have resigned in the past week -- knew of the extent of phone hacking at the News of the World . He told lawmakers he had "  no evidence " they did anything wrong . Explaining why he had previously given inaccurate statements to the committee , James Murdoch said senior News Corp. officials had learned about the extent of phone hacking by their employees as a result of civil lawsuits against News of the World in late 2010 . He said those in charge were determined "  both to put things right , make sure these things do n't happen again , and to be the company that I know that we have always aspired to be . " Reading a statement at the conclusion of the hearing , Rupert Murdoch said : "  James and I would like to say how sorry we are for what has happened -- especially with regard to listening to the voice mail of victims of crime . " He said that in his 57 years at the head of his company , "  at no time do I remember being as sickened as when I heard what the Dowler family had to endure -- nor do I recall being as angry as when I was told that the News of the World could have compounded their distress . Milly Dowler was a missing girl whose phone was allegedly hacked . She was later found dead . Revelations that journalists working for News of the World had eavesdropped on her phone and deleted some of her messages to make room for more brought the scandal , which had been simmering for years , to a boil . Asked how much he knew about day-to-day operations , Rupert Murdoch said the disgraced Sunday tabloid News of the World accounted for less than 1 % of his News Corp. . He had "  perhaps lost sight " of what was happening at the newspaper , he acknowledged . Brooks , the former editor of News of the World who went on to become chief executive of its parent company , News International , also appeared before the committee Tuesday to answer questions . She said News International acted "  quickly and decisively " to investigate internally when the extent of the phone hacking became clear and the company had passed the new information to the police . Brooks said she was aware that News of the World used private detectives , and believed every national newspaper in the U.K. did the same . But she said she has never met Glenn Mulcaire , the private investigator accused of carrying out mass phone hacking for her paper , and did not hear his name until 2006 . Brooks was editor of the best-selling Sunday tabloid at the time of some of the most serious allegations against it . She resigned July 15 over the scandal and was arrested and questioned by police two days later . Her lawyer , Steven Parkinson , said Monday his client is not guilty of any crime . Conservative politician Louise Mensch , who was among the lawmakers to quiz both the Murdochs and Brooks , told CNN she believed the trio had given "  full and frank answers " while presenting their version of events . The thrust of the committee 's questioning was that they should have known what was happening at the News of the World , rather than relying on other people , Mensch said . The ripples of the affair have reached as far as British Prime Minister David Cameron , who is cutting short a trip to Africa to return to London and deal with the crisis . Cameron has faced strong criticism in recent days over his decision to hire Andy Coulson , a former News of the World editor who resigned as Cameron 's spokesman after his newspaper staff were jailed for hacking voice mails . Coulson , who resigned his government post in January , has since been arrested . Cameron on Tuesday vowed to "  stop the obscenity of hacking and get to the bottom of what happened , " then put in place measures to prevent such problems from recurring . "  The police have serious questions to answer about potential corruption and a failed investigation . Politicians have been too close to media owners , " Cameron told reporterse in Nigeria , part of a two-day Africa trip . The prime minister is expected to answer questions Wednesday during a debate on the scandal in the House of Commons . Both Brooks and Coulson , who are free on bail , deny knowledge of wrongdoing . Earlier , the head of London 's Metropolitan Police and his deputy -- both of whom have resigned -- appeared before a different committee of Parliament . Commissioner Paul Stephenson and Assistant Commissioner John Yates defended their actions in failing to authorize a more thorough investigation into the use of phone hacking , following a July 2009 article in the Guardian newspaper revealing that tactic had been far more broadly used than previously reported . Stephenson said he did not pressure the Guardian to drop its investigation , while Yates said he had no reason at the time to believe the situation was serious enough to warrant a full-scale investigation . They also defended their hiring of a former News of the World editor , Neil Wallis , for a public relations job at the department . Wallis was arrested last week in connection with the investigation . Yates also said he had nothing to do with helping secure a job for Wallis ' daughter . Murdoch 's News Corp. encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post , and Harper Collins publishers in the United States . News International -- a British subsidiary of News Corp. -- owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene , Jonathan Wald , Laura Perez Maestro , Andreena Narayan , Atika Shubert , Anna Stewart , Bharati Naik and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	Rupert Murdoch tells Parliament he 's not responsible for phone-hacking scandal He and son James say they regret the hacking , especially of families of crime victims Former News Corp. executive Rebekah Brooks says she never authorized bribes to police The hearing is briefly suspended after a man attacks Murdoch with shaving cream
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Mexico football fans are adopting voodoo tactics ahead of Wednesday 's crucial World Cup Qualifier with regional rivals the United States . Funny or freaky ? Voodoo dolls of U.S. players have been issued in Mexico ahead of a crucial football game . Both sides will be looking to make a strong start to the final phase of qualifying for South Africa 2010 , when they meet in the match at Columbus , Ohio . Mexico have n't won in the U.S. for ten years . In the hope of boosting their team 's chances , Mexican sport magazine ` Record ' has issued coupons for U.S. team voodoo dolls -- which could be attained with five different stamps from the publication . The move has also been supported by U.S. chain Blockbuster , which began trading the coupons for dolls in its Mexican stores last week . Complete with pins , the dolls represent U.S. players , however , users are instructed to wish for Mexican goals , rather than hoping for harm upon the U.S. players . The practise of using voodoo dolls stems from the belief they represent the spirit of a person . It 's believed that by taking actions upon the doll , the represented person will be affected . Fans will have to wait until the full-time whistle on Wednesday to see if the dolls have made an impact . Read about other football superstitions , including David Beckham 's "  Golden buns " at Football Fanzone .	Mexico face the U.S. in a football World Cup qualifier in Ohio on Wednesday A Mexican magazine has offered coupons for U.S. team voodoo dolls Mexico have not won in the U.S. for ten years
CNN  -- Fifteen hundred elections and ballot initiatives will be decided Election Day 2013 . Although no congressional or presidential candidates are on the ballot , the results of the votes will have a significant impact on the everyday lives of millions of Americans . With so much on the line , we Americans owe it to our families , friends , neighbors and communities to get out to the polls . Today , September 24 , is National Voter Registration Day , which gives millions of Americans who are n't on the voter rolls a chance to easily register . On Election Day , which falls on November 5 , the outcomes of many major political races will be determined , including the governorships of New Jersey and Virginia . Once elected , these governors will work with their legislatures to draft their states ' budgets and determine how much road improvements , parks and school systems will be funded and whether state taxes will go up , down or stay the same . Several mayoral elections will also be decided in November , including the race to lead New York City , America 's largest metropolis . Parents will be asked to determine the makeup of school boards , many of which face tough decisions because of budget cuts -- one of the toughest being whether to close schools . Entire communities will need to determine the outcomes of ballot referendums that will amend state constitutions or establish or recall local laws that affect everyone in the community . It is important that all Americans help make those decisions . To that end , more than 800 organizations , including the National Association of Secretaries of State , are taking part in the largest one-day effort of the year to register voters and secure their participation in the American political system . Identified as a national day for civic action , National Voter Registration Day brings together nonprofits , volunteers , celebrities and political leaders to engage potential voters on the ground through coordinated events nationwide . From bus and rail stops , to retail stores and malls , to concerts and fairs , thousands of voter registration events are planned . Why create a day to bring national attention to voting ? Because voting is the bedrock of our democracy and how every American takes ownership of the communities where we live , work and play . Voting is also the easiest way to make your opinion known on any issue -- local , state or national -- that 's important to you and your family . To improve our schools , we must vote . To restore or build new parks that our kids can safely play in , entire communities must vote . To improve our transportation infrastructure , every American has to vote . In 2012 , more than 300,000 Americans registered to vote during the first National Voter Registration Day . This year , we will continue to do for civic engagement what Earth Day does for global warming and environmental awareness . On September 24 , we encourage and welcome all Americans who are n't on the voter rolls to join us in a celebration of our democracy by registering to vote . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rosario Dawson .	Rosario Dawson : Today is National Voter Registration Day , making it easy to register Dawson : Voters on November 5 will have many crucial races and initiatives to decide So much is on the line , she says , we owe it to our communities to vote Thousands of voter registration events are planned nationwide
LAHORE , Pakistan  CNN  -- His job was to drive the bus . But Meher Mohammad Khalil is now being hailed as a lifesaver . On Wednesday Meher Mohammad Khalil went back to the place where gunmen attacked his bus . When gunmen jumped out of bushes and began spraying bullets at the bus carrying the Sri Lankan cricket team Tuesday , Khalil quickly sized up his options and got everyone to safety . "  First I thought there were some firecrackers going off . Then , when I saw the elite force cars in front of me taking fire , I immediately lost my voice , " Khalil told CNN on Wednesday . "  At that time , the other elite car that was with us gave me cover , and then , when I saw he was giving me cover , my courage and my patience returned . Watch CNN 's interview with Khalil " "  I decided to take the vehicle from there , and one way or another , even if I had to drive over someone , I would take this bus and escape . " Watch the gunmen attack " Khalil returned to the scene of the attack in the Pakistani city of Lahore on Wednesday to honor those who were killed and to place flowers in their memory . One of the dead was Zafar Khan , a friend and fellow bus driver who had been in a vehicle behind Khalil . "  My eyes filled with tears that these were people that I was eating with and who died in doing their duty . " Khalil had been part of a convoy heading to Gaddafi Stadium , where the Sri Lankan cricket team was to continue a match against Pakistan . Six police officers were killed , in addition to Khalil 's friend Khan who was driving a bus with the match umpires . See where the attack happened " The Sri Lankan cricketers praised Khalil 's quick thinking and action , saying he saved their lives . Six team members were injured by broken glass and shrapnel . Team captain Mahela Jayawardene wrote on his Web site of Khalil : "  He probably saved our lives , showing remarkable bravery in the face of direct gunfire to keep the bus moving . " Crowds mobbed Khalil as he paid his respects at the place where his life changed in an instant . "  He is a hero , a real hero , a real man of the people , " a man in the crowd said . Private donors in Lahore have rewarded Khalil with 300,000 rupees  more than $ 3,000  -- a small fortune for a Pakistani bus driver . Today , Khalil says all he can feel is pain of the loss of life . And he called on the attackers to recognize that their victims are humans just like them , with mothers and sisters . "  For God 's sake , please stop this terrorism and let this nation breathe a sigh of relief , " he said . CNN 's Zein Basravi contributed to this report .	Meher Mohammad Khalil 's bus came under intense gunfire in Lahore , Pakistan Cricketers thank bus driver for steering them away from attack , saving their lives Khalil returned to scene of attack , where crowds hailed him as a hero
New York  CNN  -- A reference to the name "  Sandy " can evoke painful reminders of last year 's tragedies , be it the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School or an historic storm that wiped out thousands of homes and businesses , and left millions in the dark . But New Jersey 's largest firefighters union is looking to honor those affected by both calamities and join them and their mutual names into something more positive . Firefighters have begun collecting donations for the "  The Sandy Ground Project , " with 26 playgrounds to be built in communities recovering from the storm -- one for each victim gunned down on December 14 at the elementary school in Newtown , Connecticut . "  Our only challenge is to raise the money , " said Bill Lavin , president of the Firefighters ' Mutual Benevolent Association , whose 5,000 members are supporting the $ 2.1 million initiative on the website thesandygroundproject.org . New Jersey and New York each are expected to get 10 playgrounds , with Connecticut getting six . The group says it already has gathered enough funds for at least five of them . The first playground will honor slain special education teacher Ann Marie Murphy and is expected to open on March 1 in Sea Bright , New Jersey , where homes and businesses were devastated by a torrent of wind and water brought by Superstorm Sandy . The massive weather system barreled into the Northeast in late October and left more than 8 million residents without power . Two months later , as emergency personnel struggled in storm recovery , a gunman smashed his way into a Connecticut elementary school and gunned down 6 adults and 20 children , the latter between the ages of 6 and 7 . "  We were all working and then Newtown happened , and it just crushed the nation , " said Lavin . "  People were just walking around in a daze . " He knew he needed to act , and was later inspired by news of a Mississippi girl who wrote a letter thanking New Jersey firefighters for a playground they helped build in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina . "  It was so cute , " Lavin said of the child , who was among several Waveland , Mississippi , schoolchildren to donate a truckload of toys to Sandy victims . "  When I heard about it , I figured we had to do something for our own kids . " "  After talking with parents and school officials in Connecticut , we decided to do it in honor of those children  who were killed in Newtown  . " The three-week-old project has plans for playgrounds in storm-battered areas such as Toms River , New Jersey ; Midland Beach , Staten Island ; and Westport , Connecticut . "  It 's Bill Lavin 's project and we are supporting him and thrilled with the efforts that he 's made to build them , " said Jenny Hubbard , the mother of slain 6-year-old Catherine Hubbard . Lavin said he hopes to raise enough money to surpass his goal of 26 playgrounds , and continue building in places such as Tucson , Arizona ; and Columbine and Aurora , Colorado , where mass shootings left scores dead . CNN 's Jordana Ossad and Brittany Brady contributed to this report	New Jersey 's largest firefighters union is now looking to honor Sandy hook victims Firefighters have begun collecting donations for "  The Sandy Ground Project " 26 playgrounds are to be built in communities recovering from the storm Each playground is for a victim gunned down on December 14 at school in Connecticut
CNN  -- Actor Patrick Swayze 's achievements include several feature films such as "  Dirty Dancing " and "  Ghost , " as well as living with advanced pancreatic cancer for longer than most patients . Patrick Swayze died at age 57 of pancreatic cancer . He fought the disease for nearly two years . That Swayze , who died Monday at age 57 , survived nearly two years with the condition is "  quite an accomplishment , " Dr. George Fisher , an oncologist who treated the star at Stanford Hospitals and Clinics , told CNN 's Larry King on Tuesday . Fisher revealed in early March 2008 that the actor was fighting pancreatic cancer . Swayze participated in a clinical trial at Stanford and took an experimental drug there , Fisher said . Fewer than one in four patients who have the disease that has spread outside the pancreas , as Swayze did , are alive a year later , he said . Watch Fisher talk to King about Swayze 's case " "  Patients can survive two years -- even longer , even with standard treatment , " Fisher said . "  It 's just sad that not as many do . " Pancreatic cancer has affected several other prominent figures , including National Collegiate Athletic Association President Myles Brand , who died of the disease Wednesday . Apple Inc. 's Steve Jobs and U.S. Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg have also undergone treatment for the disease . The American Cancer Society puts pancreatic cancer as the fourth most common cause of death from cancer in the United States . Lung , colon and breast cancer are the first three . Experts say that about 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from the disease . Symptoms such as abdominal pain , jaundice or sudden weight loss may lead doctors to look for pancreatic cancer , said Dr. Steven Cohen , acting chief for gastrointestinal medical oncology at the Fox Chase Cancer Center in Philadelphia , Pennsylvania . Cohen was not involved in Swayze 's care . Doctors say early detection carries a better chance of curing the cancer , but often a patient 's disease is diagnosed after it has spread . CAT scans may detect the disease early , but that does not mean everyone should have a scan with their physical , Fisher said . "  We 're developing algorithms for trying to identify people at risk , and then less invasive ... tests to try to figure out who 's got it and who does n't , " he said . Despite his illness , Swayze went forward with plans to star in A&E network 's "  The Beast . " After the actor responded well to cancer treatment , the network agreed to shoot an entire season of the show . Working on the show while undergoing treatment was "  a great idea , " Fisher said on "  Larry King Live . " "  I had my doubts as to whether he could actually do it or not , and we had many conversations around that fact , " Fisher said . Swayze understood "  how difficult the treatment could be , and he understood how difficult the disease could be . But it 's just like Patrick to just say he 's going to do it and damn it , nobody should get in his way . " "  The Beast " was canceled in June because of Swayze 's illness , after doctors told him the cancer had spread to his liver . For pancreatic cancer patients , doctors are not as concerned with what happens with the pancreas as they are with how the disease spreads elsewhere , often to the liver or abdominal cavity , Cohen said . Failure of other organs that the cancer affects may ultimately cause death . Swayze 's participation in the Stanford clinical trial is an important take-away point , Cohen said . Only about 5 percent of cancer patients participate in clinical trials , he said . "  Particularly for a disease like pancreatic cancer , where the standard treatments help some patients but not the majority , the ability to look at new treatments that are promising in the context and controlled setting of clinical trials , I think , is really important , " he said . Dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for pancreatic cancer , Cohen said . One such medication is paclitaxel , which is currently only approved for breast cancer but has shown promise experimentally in pancreatic tumors , he said . Cohen said he and his colleagues encourage patients to continue their daily activities and live their lives normally as best they can while undergoing treatment . A chemotherapy drug commonly used in patients , called gemcitabine , does not have the harsh symptoms of nausea , vomiting and hair loss seen in other cancer drugs . But sometimes , patients are too ill from their underlying cancer to do much , he said . "  Toward the end , they can get increasing abdominal pain , nausea , loss of appetite , very low energy , sort of a wasting syndrome , and there , a lot of patients just do n't feel up to do anything , " he said .	Patrick Swayze battled pancreatic cancer for nearly two years About 95 percent of those with pancreatic cancer die from it , experts say Dozens of drugs are in development or being tested in trials for the disease Doctors encourage patients to try to live their lives normally while in treatment
CNN  -- You can call 18-year-old Marc Davis a veteran of the racetrack . On everything from BMX bikes and Bandolero cars to Legends and Late Models , Davis has steadily moved up the ranks of competitive racing . Marc Davis , left , talks strategy with crew chief Billy Venturini in Concord , North Carolina . "  I 've been racing for 13 years . Started out when I was 6 years old , " said Davis , who is set to race this month as NASCAR 's only current African-American driver/owner . Two years ago , Davis signed a six-year contract with the Joe Gibbs Race team as a developmental driver . But then the economy went south , and Davis was let go in a cost-cutting move . He was another casualty of the recession . "  We got bit by the economy , " Davis said . Mike Herman Jr. has worked as Davis ' coach for the past two years and feels that NASCAR could be in store for even rougher financial times . "  In my honest opinion , I feel like motorsports is a year away from feeling the brunt of the recession . " Davis ' father , Harry , breaks it down further and says it 's all about sponsorship money . "  Sponsors are harder to find . Teams want more money . So now instead of being unemployed , Marc is now self-employed , moving forward and racing his own team . " Watch Marc Davis at the track " Davis formed his own two-car team to compete in this year 's Nationwide Series , with his first entry set for Bristol , Tennessee , on March 21 . His team is being funded by family and a few sponsors , not an easy feat when it costs a minimum of $ 75,000 to enter a Nationwide Series race . In fact , a two-car team is considered a skeletal operation by NASCAR standards . Some of the better-funded racing teams have 12 to 20 cars at their disposal . But Davis ' crew chief , Billy Venturini , says a two-car team can work for the time being . "  It 's a start-up deal , but I think with the short schedule he 's got , I think we 'll be in fine shape . " Several NASCAR teams have scaled back on their budgets , and Davis feels that it actually levels the playing field a bit . "  With a lower-budget team , you have a better shot of making races and winning races to be more competitive , since a lot of the higher teams have cut back their budgets as well . " NASCAR spokesman Ramsey Poston agrees with Davis and goes one step further . "  Several teams are watching their spending , and that brings more parity in the sport , with the result being a more competitive and enjoyable product for race fans . " Davis plans to compete in a number of Nationwide Series races before moving on to the Sprint Cup Series . "  I want to progress through the Nationwide Series and enter the Sprint Cup Series and win championships and hopefully be a full-time owner years down the road , so I think everything 's going in the right direction , " Davis said . With a strong family and a nuts and bolts crew behind him , Marc Davis could be on the cusp of something special .	NASCAR racer Marc Davis ,18 , lost driver 's contract and became owner His father says recession has cut sponsorship money Family and friends sponsor Davis ' 2-car team in Nationwide Series Teen is only current African-American racer and owner in NASCAR
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Pope Benedict XVI will visit England and Scotland from September 16-19 , Queen Elizabeth II announced . It will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff , the Foreign Office said , noting that Pope John Paul II 's 1982 trip was officially a pastoral visit , while Benedict 's is a "  papal visit . " The official announcement comes as the Vatican reels from accusations that it did not do enough to stop child abuse by priests , nuns and other Catholic authority figures across Europe for decades . Benedict is working on an official statement , or pastoral letter , to Catholics in Ireland , where a damning government-backed report into child abuse by priests prompted four bishops to resign last year . There have also been widespread accusations against priests in Germany , Austria and the Netherlands . The queen will receive the pope at the Palace of Holyroodhouse in Edinburgh , Scotland , during his September visit , the Foreign Office said . Benedict will give "  a major speech to British civil society " at Westminster Hall in London and will beatify the 19th-century theologian and educationalist Cardinal John Henry Newman at a public Mass in Coventry , England . Beatification is one step shy of sainthood . The pope 's visit comes at a time of heightened tensions between Rome and the Church of England following the Vatican 's outreach to disaffected Anglicans last year . The head of the Church of England , Archbishop of Canterbury Rowan Williams , said the visit would be an opportunity to "  cement ties " between the Roman Catholic Church and other Christian churches in the United Kingdom . "  I look forward particularly to welcoming Pope Benedict to Lambeth Palace on behalf of the Church of England , " Williams said in a statement , referring to the archbishop 's official London residence . Williams met Benedict in Rome in November , not long after the Vatican said it had worked out a way for dissatisfied Anglicans to switch allegiance en masse to Rome . Some observers said the move will shatter more than 40 years of efforts to reconcile the Catholic and Anglican churches . The process will enable groups of Anglicans to become Catholic and recognize the pope as their leader , yet have parishes that retain Anglican rites , Vatican officials said . The move comes some 450 years after King Henry VIII broke from Rome and created the Church of England , forerunner of the Anglican Communion . Williams was said to have been surprised by the move , which critics described as an end run around a long-established Catholic-Anglican dialogue . Catholic and Anglican theology and rites are broadly similar , but Anglicans have long allowed priests to marry and have children . In recent decades , the Anglican Communion has allowed women to become priests . The Episcopal Church -- the U.S. branch of the Anglican Communion -- has ordained openly gay bishops . Those developments have caused controversy within the communion , with more conservative parishes setting up alternative structures of authority . There are about 77 million Anglicans worldwide and about 1.1 billion Roman Catholics .	Pope Benedict XVI will visit England and Scotland from September 16-19 It will be the first state visit to the United Kingdom by a pontiff Vatican reels from accusations it did not do enough to stop child abuse by priests
London  CNN  -- A British man accused of orchestrating his wife 's murder by hit men while they were honeymooning in South Africa has lost a High Court appeal to block his extradition there until he is fit to stand trial . The judges ruled that Shrien Dewani can be extradited as long as the South African government pledges to return him to the United Kingdom should he ultimately prove unfit to be tried . Dewani 's lawyers had argued that he should not be extradited while he was unfit to stand trial . He is being treated for post traumatic stress disorder and a depressive illness . His legal team can appeal the decision at the Supreme Court . Dewani is accused of hiring a crew of hit men to kill his wife , Anni Dewani , 28 , during a taxi ride in Cape Town in November 2010 , just over two weeks after their wedding . Taxi driver Zola Tongo confessed within weeks of the bride 's death that he had hired two men to kill her . In a plea deal with South African authorities , he said he was paid by Shrien Dewani to carry out the hit and to make it look like the two were the victims of a carjacking as they were driving through a township on the edge of Cape Town . Tongo was subsequently sentenced to 18 years in prison for his part in the killing . Proper protection In their ruling , the judges at the High Court in London said there was some prospect that Dewani could recover sufficiently to be fit to stand trial . It is also possible that the continued uncertainty over his extradition could act to deter his recovery . They also said they were confident in the ability of South Africa 's authorities to treat Dewani fairly . "  The death of the appellant 's wife Anni occurred over three years ago , " they said in their conclusions . "  The interests of justice , including the interests of her family who like other families of murdered persons wish to see a trial take place as soon as is practicable , require expedition and that there should be no further delay , provided that proper protection is afforded to the appellant in the manner we have set out . " CNN 's Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	Shrien Dewani loses a High Court appeal to block his extradition to South Africa He can be extradited as long as South Africa pledges to return him if he 's not fit to stand trial He 's accused of orchestrating his wife 's murder by hit men while they were on honeymoon Anni Dewani was killed in Cape Town in November 2010
CNN  -- The husband of one of the members of Russian punk rock band Pussy Riot imprisoned for hooliganism in Moscow is leading a chorus of condemnation after a conviction decried as an attack on free speech . Three young women , Nadezhda Tolokonnikova , Maria Alyokhina and Yekaterina Samutsevich , were sentenced to two years in prison Friday after being convicted of hooliganism motivated by religious hatred . They were arrested after performing a song critical of President Vladimir Putin in one of the Russian Orthodox Church 's most important cathedrals in February , a flash mob-style act that outraged many of the country 's faithful . Pussy Riot supporters vent anger at Twitter Footage of the brief but provocative protest action , in which the band members clad in balaclavas screamed "  Mother Mary , please drive Putin away , " inside Christ Savior Cathedral attracted wide attention after it was posted online . The sentence handed down to the trio was widely condemned by rights groups and senior international figures as disproportionate , although polling suggests many in Russia believe they had a fair trial . Pyotr Verzilov , husband of Tolokonnikova , told CNN 's Connect the World that legal experts had assured him while the women might have been arrested for their action elsewhere in the world , they would not have gone to prison for it . "  This would never happen in any Western country , it 's just not possible , " he said . Verzilov said the authorities had crossed "  a certain line " in arresting the women for a nonviolent protest act -- and that this was the reason for the international outcry over the case , with celebrities including Madonna backing their cause . "  Everyone was amazed that Putin decided to give this brutal sentence to girls for singing a protest song inside a church -- no one was expecting that , " he said . He said there had been no time to say goodbye as his wife -- who is also mother to their young child -- was taken from the courtroom to start her prison term . Pussy Riot and Russia 's surreal ` justice ' "  Right after the girls heard the verdict , we only had a couple of glances , for five seconds , and that was it . She was led away by all these numerous guards in the court room and we could n't speak to each other , " he said . Verzilov 's criticisms echo international concern that the sentence , although handed down by a court , may have been politically motivated and reflects a recent crackdown on free speech by Russia 's authorities . White House spokesman Josh Earnest also said the United States was "  disappointed " by the verdict and sentence . "  While we understand the group 's behavior was offensive to some , we have serious concerns about the way that these young women have been treated by the Russian judicial system , " he said . European Union foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton condemned the court 's decision as "  deeply troubling . " "  Together with the reports of the band members ' mistreatment during their pre-trial detention and the reported irregularities of the trial , it puts a serious question mark over Russia 's respect for international obligations of fair , transparent and independent legal process , " she said . "  It also runs counter to Russia 's international obligations as regards to respect for freedom of expression . " Urging Russia to reverse the sentence , Ashton said the case "  adds to the recent upsurge in politically motivated intimidation and prosecution of opposition activists in the Russian Federation , a trend that is of growing concern to the European Union . " Rights group Amnesty International said that the court 's decision was "  a bitter blow for freedom of expression in the country " and that the women were now "  prisoners of conscience . " Amnesty believes that the women 's conduct "  was politically motivated , and that they were wrongfully prosecuted for what was a legitimate -- if potentially offensive -- protest action , " it said in a statement . Human Rights Watch also said the women should never have been prosecuted for a hate crime . Inside the courtroom , Judge Marina Sirovaya found the three Pussy Riot members guilty of offending the churchgoers present -- through their actions , obscene language and their clothing -- and showing a lack of respect for the rules of the Orthodox Church . Polling by the Levada Center indicates that many people within Russia support the legal proceedings against the three women . Its poll , conducted before the sentence was handed down , found that 44 % of people surveyed thought the trial was fair , while 17 % thought it was n't fair and 39 % said they did n't know . Verzilov said the survey 's findings reflect the dominance of state media , particularly in areas of Russia where access to the Internet is limited . This made it easy to turn people against the band by portraying it as anti-Orthodox Christian , anti-Russian values and revolutionary , he said . Tolokonnikova , Alyokhina and Samutsevich have spent five months in pre-trial detention , which counts toward their two-year term . They are expected to appeal the court 's decision -- but Verzilov said he did not think they would request a presidential pardon . "  My wife has already answered this question -- ` it 's not us who should be asking Putin for pardon , it 's Putin who should be asking for a pardon from us and the whole country , ' " he cites her as saying .	Pyotr Verzilov says no other Western nation would have jailed his wife for the protest act The White House has serious concerns about the women 's treatment , a spokesmen says The three members of Pussy Riot got a two-year prison term for hooliganism They were arrested after performing an anti-Putin song in a cathedral as a protest act
Washington  CNN  -- Bill Clinton , while on the campaign trail in 1992 , attacked the George H.W. Bush administration for collaborating with "  the butchers of Beijing . " If he won the White House , Clinton promised , he would put human rights first when dealing with the People 's Republic of China . But six months after assuming the Oval Office , Clinton tossed those promises out the window , and dealing with China returned to "  business as usual , " according to William Galston , a former Clinton policy adviser . Clinton is n't alone . Candidates , once elected , usually struggle to live up to their rhetoric on foreign policy . The reason is simple , according to a cadre of international affairs experts : The view from inside the Oval Office is much different from the view from outside . "  It is very difficult for presidential candidates to know even a fraction of the facts and the texture of diplomatic relations between the United States and other countries , " said Galston . "  Once you get inside the White House , the world looks very different . " With foreign policy about to take center stage on Monday during the last presidential debate of the 2012 cycle , experts say Republican challenger Mitt Romney should be cautious about over-promising . But some say he already has . In Romney 's October 8 foreign policy address , the Republican candidate promised to increase sanctions on Iran , help arm Syrian rebels who "  share our values , " and close the "  daylight " between Israel and the United States . Robert Pastor , a professor of international relations at American University and a former national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter , said Romney joins a long line of candidates who promise too much . "  He will have to wake up if he were elected , " Pastor said . "  It would be irresponsible for him to implement " some of those promises , and "  I suspect his new secretary of state would tell him that . " If Romney wants proof of the pitfalls of foreign policy promises , all he has to do is look across the table at Monday 's debate at the man he is trying to unseat . During the 2008 campaign , then-candidate Barack Obama advocated for regional conferences with Syria and Iran , said his administration would enter diplomatic talks with governments that his predecessor , President George W. Bush , would not , and pledged to eliminate North Korea 's nuclear weapons program . Syria has fallen into a long civil war , Iran continues to be a provocateur in the Middle East , and North Korea is still developing its nuclear program . Possibly Obama 's biggest broken promise is the one to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba . "  I have said repeatedly that I intend to close Guantanamo , and I will follow through on that , " Obama told CBS News ' Steve Kroft in 2008 . Guantanamo remains open , even though Obama signed an executive order to have it closed two days after he took office in 2009 . The issue has largely been put on the back burner in light of issues on the economy . Governing on foreign policy is more difficult than talking tough on it , Galston said , because it hinges on the instability of the globe and can change in the blink of an eye . "  I think this is the reality of political campaigns , " Galston said . "  You can say things  on the campaign trail  in good faith , based on consulting with experts -- and it is rarely the case that candidates say things about foreign policy that they know not to be the case . The issue is once you get inside the White House , the world looks very different . " Pastor , the former Carter adviser , says these unmet foreign policy promises can be broken up into three distinct groups . There are the promises that are sincere but difficult -- or impossible -- to meet because they require action from other governments . "  Secondly , there are promises that are sincere but can not be implemented because the political opposition makes it impossible , " Pastor said . Lastly , according to Pastor , are promises that are made because they are political expedient but prove irresponsible once the ramifications are understood . Presidential history is littered with promises that fall into these categories . During the 2000 campaign , then-Texas Gov. George W. Bush promised to move the U.S. Embassy in Israel to Jerusalem , a promise that many of his predecessors had also made . The embassy , however , to this day remains in Tel Aviv . Upon assuming office in 1981 , Ronald Reagan promised to get tough and stop the Sandinistas , a left-wing Nicaraguan political party that swept across Central America . The Sandinistas were still around when Reagan left office in 1989 and to this day continue to hold political power in Nicaragua . In 1960 , then-Sen . John F. Kennedy used soaring foreign policy rhetoric to help catapult him to the White House at the young age of 43 . According to the State Department 's Office of the Historian , Kennedy failed to live up to his rhetoric on international affairs . "  The execution of Kennedy 's foreign policy did not quite live up to the stirring rhetoric of his inaugural speech . ... In fact , his foreign policy was marred by a string of failures , " reads the State Department website . In April of 1961 , Kennedy had only been in office for a short three months when he called for a meeting with Dwight D. Eisenhower , his predecessor in the office . The Bay of Pigs invasion , a carryover from the Eisenhower administration , had been a massive failure that month and an early blunder by the Kennedy presidency -- even though many attributed the failure to Eisenhower . The Kennedy-Eisenhower relationship had been frosty , at best , after the young senator defeated the former general 's vice president , Richard Nixon , in the 1960 campaign . Even though Eisenhower had long viewed Kennedy as naive -- he referred to Kennedy as "  Little Boy Blue " -- the two put their chilly relationship aside and the sitting president invited the former general to Camp David to review the mistakes in Cuba . According to Eisenhower 's notes from the meeting and a number of media reports , the conversation between the new and former president previewed the pitfalls of foreign policy campaign promises : Kennedy : "  No one knows how tough this job is until he 's been in it a few months . " Eisenhower : "  Mr. President . If you will forgive me , I think I mentioned that to you three months ago . "	Candidates often struggle in office to live up to foreign policy promises Romney has promised to help arm Syrian rebels , talked tough on Iran Much of Obama 's foreign policy agenda from 2008 campaign has n't been realized Presidential history is littered with unmet promises from the trail , experts say
Delbert Belton fought to the end . Police said Monday that the 88-year-old World War II vet , who died last week after a brutal beating in a parking lot in Spokane , Washington , tried to fend off his attackers . Two teenagers are in custody , including one arrested early Monday . Belton 's death on Thursday came 68 years after he survived being shot in the leg during the World War II battle of Okinawa . "  He came close to losing his life in service to this country on Okinawa , and then he gets killed needlessly on the parking lot while he was waiting for a friend , " Spokane police Chief Frank Straub Jr. said . Belton 's efforts to defend himself may have worsened the attack , Straub said . The Spokane County Medical Examiner 's Office said Belton died of blunt facial and head injuries . Straub said information provided by church leaders and family members led investigators to a Spokane apartment where they found 16-year-old Kenan Adams-Kinard early Monday morning . Police arrested him in connection with Belton 's killing and arrested three others who were with him on charges of rendering criminal assistance , a felony . Straub did not identify the other three , and it was not immediately clear if they were adults or juveniles . He described them as friends of Adams-Kinard , one of two teenagers accused of trying to rob Belton in the parking lot of Spokane 's Eagles Lodge . Straub called it a botched robbery , and said race did not appear to play a role in the attack , despite public speculation to the contrary . Authorities named Adams-Kinard during the search for him even though he is a juvenile , saying "  he represents ... an actual danger to the community . " Authorities have not released the name of the first suspect , who was taken into custody last week . But his lawyer identified him as Demetrius Glenn , also 16 . Glenn had his initial appearance in district court on Monday and was advised of the charges , said attorney Christian Phelps . "  We did n't argue bond and it was previously set at $ 2 million , " he said . It was unclear when Adams-Kinard would make his first court appearance . Both suspects were charged with first-degree murder and first-degree robbery , Straub said in a statement . Random killings spark laments , but reality shows long slide in crime rate Monique Cotton , a spokeswoman with Spokane police , said the teens were charged as adults . Coming just days after an Australian baseball player died in a shooting that police said was conceived by three teenagers out of boredom , Belton 's death shocked with its apparent brutality and random nature , and left friends and family wondering why it happened . "  He did n't drive a big fancy car . He did n't did n't dress in expensive clothes . He did n't have a lot of money , " Belton 's daughter-in-law , Barbara Belton , told CNN 's Alina Machado last week . "  What did they think they were going to get from this man ? " Belton , a retired aluminum company worker , was wounded during a battle on the Pacific island of Okinawa while fighting in World War II . He was affectionately known to friends as "  Shorty " because of his diminutive height . "  He was awesome , " Lillian Duncan told The Spokesman-Review newspaper . "  Anybody that did n't get to know him missed out on a wonderful angel in their life . "	The two 16-year-olds are charged as adults , a spokeswoman says Several others with suspect accused of "  rendering criminal assistance " WWII vet Delbert Belton tried to fight off his teenage attackers , police chief says Police say the incident was a botched robbery and race was not a motive
InStyle.com  -- With the Grammy Awards coming up this weekend , most will be buzzing about not only Kanye West and Adele , but also what the nominees and artists will be wearing . See some of the most unbelievable outfits from music 's biggest stars . Rihanna , 2011 Sultry Rihanna played peek-a-boo in a frilled illusion gown from Jean Paul Gaultier . "  He 's one of my favorite designers , " she said . "  I pretty much snatched -LSB- the dress -RSB- off the runway . " Katy Perry , 2011 An angelic looking Katy Perry called her Giorgio Armani Prive ensemble "  classic , but with a theatrical edge . " The look paired a Swarovski crystal-encrusted bustier with an iridescent ruffled skirt and feather wings . Lady Gaga , 2010 Giorgio Armani designed a trio of stellar ensembles for Lady Gaga 's Grammy night , including this crystal-studded bodysuit and ultra-minidress . Milliner Philip Treacy collaborated on her intergalactic headpiece . See all of the wildest Grammys looks of all time Toni Braxton , 2001 Toni Braxton wore Richard Tyler  and lots of double-stick tape  to pick up her Best Female R&B Vocal Performance trophy . "  I 've always gone a little risque with all my other awards -LSB- show outfits -RSB- , " she told People . "  I decided that before I got married and had babies , I 'd wear this . " Mary J. Blige , 1996 Who 's that mystery woman ? A shades-wearing Mary J. Blige picked up her first Grammy for the Best Rap Performance by a Duo or Group in head-to-toe leopard print . The covered-up look included a hood and gloves . Christina Aguilera , 2001 Christina Aguilera showed some skin in a Trish Summerville gown with a lace-up neckline  and matching bra  . Aside from her major braids , the double nominee made a beauty statement with a dress-matching temporary rose tattoo on her lower back . InStyle.com : Top 30 Grammys gowns of all time Annie Lennox , 1995 "  What else is a girl going to wear to the Grammys ? " joked Annie Lennox of her dominatrix-meets-Minnie Mouse ensemble . M.I.A. , 2009 A 9-months-pregnant M.I.A. performed on her baby 's due date in a sheer House of Holland dress with strategically-placed patches . Gwen Stefani , 2005 Double nominee Gwen Stefani went sheer with a ribbon-trimmed translucent dress from Viktor & Rolf over a pair of briefs . InStyle.com : The 23 most unforgettable Grammys performances Missy Elliott , 2000 Talk about razor-sharp tailoring ! Missy Elliott opted for a purple Versace two-piece covered in blades . Sheryl Crow , 2002 A floor-length coat did little to cover up Sheryl Crow 's mini Henry Duarte jumpsuit . "  Turning 40 really agrees with me , " she told People . "  I 'm busting out . " Erykah Badu , 2002 "  The most rock and roll accessory I have on tonight is my headband , " Erykah Badu told InStyle . "  It 's made of copper leather , which I cut myself . " Her avant-garde ensemble also included a draped dress with a leather sash , silver moonboots and waist-length green extensions . See the other wild Grammy looks that made the full list at InStyle.com . Get a FREE TRIAL issue of InStyle - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Katy Perry called her 2011 Giorgio Armani Prive ensemble "  classic , but with a theatrical edge " Christina Aguilera showed some skin in a Trish Summerville gown in 2001 Missy Elliott opted for a purple Versace two-piece covered in blades in 2000
CNN  -- North Korea kept the world on tenterhooks Wednesday , when the funeral of leader Kim Jong Il was expected to take place in Pyongyang . On Wednesday morning , state television began broadcasting previously aired video of Kim Jong Il 's son Kim Jong Un and other mourners paying respects in front of the late dictator as his corpse lay in state . The secretive nation had revealed no details about the funeral , where thousands of North Koreans were expected to file past a glass case housing the body of the elder Kim , revered as a godlike "  dear leader " by his people . State television on Wednesday morning also showed historical footage recounting the life of Kim Jong Il , from the legend of his birth on a sacred mountain to his years as leader of the communist state . Kim 's funeral likely will be modeled after that of his father , Kim Il Sung , in 1994 , said Han Park , a professor at the University of Georgia 's School of Public and International Affairs who is also director of the Globis Center for the Study of Global Issues . However , the funeral is expected to spotlight his son Kim Jong Un , the man designated the "  great successor " by the nation 's Worker 's Party . Questions have been raised about Kim Jong Un 's ability to take the reins of the reclusive communist nation , given his young age -- he is thought to be in his late 20s -- and relative inexperience . "  The system will try to make sure that Kim Jong Un , this young man , is a legitimate leader , so probably he will be spotlighted in the funeral procession , " said Park . While there is no official religion in North Korea , the funeral will probably touch on the Confucian tradition of ancestor worship , Park said . Denny Roy , a North Korea analyst at the East-West Center in Honolulu , said observers outside North Korea will be performing "  the usual Kremlinology -- except in this case it 's Pyongyangology . " They will be watching the ceremonies for clues as to where leading figures stand in the new hierarchy , comparing the event to the 1994 funeral of North Korea 's founder , Kim Il Sung . "  What I expect to see is no sign that there 's any hiccup or difficulty in Kim Jong Il 's plan to have his son Kim Jong Un succeed him , " Roy said . Among those expected to be at the side of the "  great successor " are his aunt and uncle . The late ruler 's sister , Kim Kyong Hui , and her husband , Jang Sung Taek , are expected to serve as regents for the young Kim as he builds leadership experience , Roy said . "  They will be very prominently featured in all of the public ceremonies , " he said . "  They 'll have places that are very close to Kim Jong Un . If it was otherwise , it would be a dramatic new development , but I do n't expect that . " The ceremony is to be followed by a memorial on Thursday . The state-run Korean Central News Agency said when the national memorial service is held Thursday , gun volleys will be fired in the capital , Pyongyang , as well as provincial seats . "  All the people will observe three minutes ' silence and all locomotives and ships  those on voyage included  will blow whistles and those units with sirens will sound them all at once , " KCNA said . While the public "  outpouring of grief " will be present at the funeral , it may not be as overwhelming as it was following the death of Kim Il Sung , said Park , who has visited North Korea frequently and is in close contact with high-ranking officials there . As loved as he might be among the North Korean people , he said , "  Kim Jong Il is no Kim Il Sung . " Kim Il Sung was much more charismatic , and his death was much more unexpected , he said . While Kim Il Sung was 83 to Kim Jong Il 's 69 , the elder Kim was thought to be in excellent health . "  Two weeks before his death ,  Kim Il Sung  received Jimmy Carter , " Park said , referring to the former American president . "  In North Korea , no one actually anticipated or suspected the coming of his death ... Kim Jong Il , his health was failing . Everyone knew that . " The glass case to house Kim Jong Il 's body was ready upon his death , he said . In Kim Il Sung 's case , "  it took days ... to make that arrangement preparation . " And John Park , research fellow at Harvard University 's Belfer Center for Science and International Affairs , said Kim Jong Un is "  following a script laid out by his father , " who had a major stroke in 2008 . "  Basically , we are seeing a man who planned his own funeral , " he said . North Korea has said the funeral will be a "  low-key " affair , with no foreign heads of state invited , John Park said . That 's "  the one factor that Kim Jong Il could n't control " -- the possible embarrassment , if invitations were issued , that heads of state might not accept . One point of interest will be who is going to be in the Chinese delegation , John Park said . "  That will be done through party-to-party connection , " with those attending likely to be a senior representative of the Communist Party of China . There have been rumors that Chinese President Hu Jintao may attend , he said . John Park believes if Hu shows up , he will use the title of party general secretary , not president . And one notable omission from the guest list is Kim Jong Il 's oldest son , Kim Jong Nam , who fell from favor after being caught trying to sneak a visit to Tokyo Disneyland using a forged passport . He told Japan 's TV Asahi in 2010 that he opposed having his family hold power for another generation , but had "  no objection nor interest " in the matter . Roy said Kim now lives in the Chinese casino haven of Macau and is "  more or less exiled . " "  It 's rather significant that in a Confucian society , the oldest son wo n't play a significant role in the funeral , " he said . "  That speaks to a very strained relationship between him and the current leadership . " Han Park referred to "  government by legacy " in North Korea . When Kim Jong Il succeeded his father , he also inherited much of Kim Il Sung 's policies and philosophies , which have been "  the backbone of policy-making , " he said . Because of that , neither he nor Roy said they expect to see drastic policy changes under Kim Jong Un . Observers say upcoming events will also provide North Korea with opportunities to reinforce the succession and provide a window on how smoothly that process is going . Scott Snyder , senior fellow for Korea studies and director of the program on U.S.-Korea policy for the Council on Foreign Relations , wrote Tuesday that the leader 's upcoming New Year 's address may already have been written , "  but can be scoured for deviations from the past and for evidence of possible rewriting post-Kim Jong Il 's death . " Kim Jong Un 's first birthday as leader , on January 8 , may also provide some clues . So could Kim Jong Il 's 70th birthday on February 16 -- still within the mourning period -- or the 100th birthday of Kim Il Sung on April 15 . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Observers will be watching the funeral for succession clues , analyst says Kim Jong Il 's eldest son is a notable omission from the guest list , he says Kim 's funeral is expected to follow the template of his father 's in 1994 Experts say no dramatic policy changes are likely in the short term
A mass evacuation of Yazidis hiding from extremist fighters on Iraq 's Sinjar Mountains is unlikely following an assessment by the U.S. State Department and military that found far fewer people trapped than previously feared . Once believed to be in the tens of thousands , the number of Yazidis in the mountains is "  now in the low thousands , " Brett McGurk , a deputy assistant secretary of state , told CNN on Wednesday . The news broke the same day a senior commander with the Islamic State , formerly known as the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , claimed ISIS fighters abducted more than 100 Yazidi women and children from Sinjar . The ISIS commander , who has knowledge of the events that unfolded , said the fighters killed a large number of men when they took over the town more than a week ago . "  At that time , they took Yazidi women and children , and I can confirm those women and children have entered Mosul , " the commander said by telephone . " ... The Islamic State is taking this opportunity to call them to Islam . " Map : Where is ISIS ? While CNN can not independently confirm the claim , it follows reports by survivors who describe ISIS fighters grabbing families and separating the men from the women and children . The plight of the Yazidis , coupled with the ISIS assault against Iraq 's semiautonomous Kurdish region , prompted the United States to begin targeted airstrikes over the past several days . The aim , according to President Barack Obama , is to help protect U.S. personnel in the area and to destroy ISIS positions around the mountains to ease the threat to minority groups . The United States deployed 129 military advisers to get a firsthand look at the humanitarian crisis unfolding as ISIS fighters threaten Iraq 's ethnic and religious minorities : Yazidis , Christians and Kurds . As part of that effort , a group of about 20 U.S. State Department and military personnel spent 24 hours in the mountains to assess the numbers and conditions , Pentagon spokesman Rear Adm. John Kirby said . "  The Yazidis who remain are in better condition than previously believed and continue to have access to the food and water that we have dropped , " he said , citing the success of humanitarian airdrops and airstrikes against ISIS . Who are the religious and ethnic groups under threat from ISIS ? The problem , though , is far from over . The United Nations on Wednesday announced its highest level of emergency for a humanitarian crisis , saying the number of people on the run from ISIS is of grave concern . It estimates more than 400,000 people have been driven from their homes since June , when ISIS swept across the border from Syria into Iraq . The group has waged a brutal campaign while seizing large swaths of northern and western Iraq , aiming to establish a caliphate -- an Islamic state -- that stretches from Syria to Iraq . Of those displaced , more than 200,000 have poured into Dohuk province in recent weeks , where refugee camps have swelled since ISIS began its assault against Yazidis , Christians and Kurds . By declaring what it calls a "  Level 3 Emergency , " the United Nations says it will trigger more resources to help . What to know about ISIS ? Obama this week ordered the military advisers to the Kurdish capital of Irbil to assess the humanitarian crisis . The advisers , made up of Marines and special operations forces , join hundreds of other American advisers already in the country advising Iraqi troops in their fight against ISIS , an offshoot of al Qaeda in Iraq . The group has waged a brutal campaign while seizing large areas of territory this year in Iraq , aiming to establish a caliphate . Adding to the crisis is Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki 's refusal to step down after Haider al-Abadi was nominated to replace him . In a televised address on Wednesday , he called the move to appoint al-Abadi as prime minister a constitutional violation . Al-Maliki 's political party won a majority during parliamentary elections in April , but not a super majority . Even so , al-Maliki has maintained that because his party won a majority , the next Prime Minister should come from his party . He has filed a lawsuit in federal court to stop the formation of a new government , and he has said he would n't step down until the court has ruled . "  We need to protect the federal court and its decisions ; no one has any ground to go against this court , " al-Maliki said , while not specifically mentioning the name of Prime Minister-designate al-Abadi or any other leaders . ` Heroic ' mission rescues desperate Yazidis from ISIS	The U.N. declares its highest level of emergency U.S. military assessment determines far fewer Yazidis trapped than feared 100 Yazidi women and children are being held captive , ISIS commander tells CNN " I can confirm those women and children have entered Mosul , " ISIS commander says
CNN  -- Australian novelist Julia Leigh 's first film as writer-director was inspired by a dream she had . Or maybe it was a nightmare ? Judging by the movie , it could have been a bit of both . Emily Browning -- the doll-like child actress from "  Lemony Snicket " who graduated to the status of action-babe in "  Sucker Punch " earlier this year -- plays Lucy , a college student who takes on a series of menial jobs over the course of the film , including waitress , lab rat , secretary and sex toy . In the brilliantly creepy first scene , she somehow refrains from retching as a lab researcher threads several feet of tubing down her throat . It 's a strong indication that whatever else , Lucy has the willpower to dissociate mind from body -- to mentally switch off . This remains her defining characteristic throughout : a kind of abstention that serves her well in trying circumstances , but which also makes Lucy a frustratingly vague , ill-defined personality . With her pale skin and wide eyes , Browning has a particular pre-Raphaelite beauty that 's oddly impassive . It 's as if she 's sleepwalking through the story -- or , perhaps , this is her own erotic/masochistic dream ? Interviewed for another position by the immaculately coiffed and polished Clara  a chilly , regal Rachel Blake  , Lucy uncomplainingly strips down to her undies for an intimate physical inspection . Clara apparently likes what she sees , and next thing you know Lucy is serving champagne to a dinner table of aristocrats who get their kicks by ignoring the near-naked servants . This proves to be something of an audition for a better-paid gig at Clara 's country mansion , where rich old men pay handsomely for a night with a beautiful young girl . House rules permit anything short of actual penetration or physical harm . Meanwhile the girl is so heavily drugged she sleeps through the entire experience . Where 's the fun in that , you might think ? Is Leigh delving into the murky waters of female sexuality , or making a political point about exploitation and prostitution ? Again , the movie seems to want to do both , though it does n't go far enough down either route to reach any firm conclusions . Sticking with a mostly static camera and lengthy takes , Leigh seems to be shooting for the kind of slow , somber surrealism of Luis Bunuel 's foray into similar subject matter , "  Belle de Jour " . But she 's not that accomplished a director -- not yet , anyway -- and the film sometimes drifts into a stilted somnolence . Scenes of Lucy 's everyday life away from work -- bickering with flat-mates , or caring for a dying friend -- fail to shed much light on the character or her motivations , and are shot in the same monotonous rhythm . More effective are the quietly ugly , anti-erotic chamber pieces : the one-sided encounters between the slumbering Lucy and the aging , all-but impotent clients . These scenes are emotionally and visually frank , shedding a hard , cold light on what men want from the opposite sex . In the end , there 's enough here to make us see why Leigh felt compelled to turn her dream into a movie , even if this suggestive , frustratingly elusive effort is not an entirely pleasurable experience for the rest of us .	Emily Browning plays Lucy , a college student who takes on a series of menial jobs Lucy has the willpower to dissociate mind from body -- to mentally switch off "  Sleeping Beauty " does n't go far enough down either route to reach any firm conclusions
CNN  -- On paper , Katie Pietrak was a success story throughout her 20s . She had her own home , a new car , a large , beloved collection of vinyl records and a six-figure salary from her job in the pharmaceutical industry . But she did n't love what she was doing . "  I bought my first house when I was 21 but I was n't happy . I kind of knew that all along but I did it because of financial stability , " Pietrak said . "  I was afraid to think outside of the box because of money . " It took losing her job in 2010 for her to change her tune and launch a business doing something she enjoyed . Since 2011 , Pietrak has been combining her enthusiasm for vintage records and bookbinding through her small business , Vintage Vinyl Journals . She finds old records , repurposes them into book covers and makes them into journals for music lovers . "  Everyone knows I was always making trinkets , " Pietrak says . "  It was n't too hard of a transition for me since I had both the craft and business side . " To make it happen , she had to leave corporate America behind and downsize from her three-bedroom home to a one-bedroom apartment . Now , she lives in a barn on her parents ' property in a small town in Pennsylvania , dividing her time between raising an infant and building a business . It 's worth the sacrifice to have control over her work and her life , said Pietrak , 34 . Besides , now she has an entire studio where she gives old records a second life . "  I 'm such a different person now , " she said . Pietrak always has been interested in vintage items and antiques . As a teen , when her friends were buying CDs and cassettes , she was sifting through boxes of 15-cent records at yard sales and flea markets . When she left her parents ' home , she took her large collection with her . She pursued a bachelor 's degree from La Salle University in Philadelphia and later earned her MBA from St. Joseph 's University in Philadelphia . She continued to collect vinyl as her career took off . When the records became too scratched for listening , she did n't want to get rid of them , but how could she use them ? While she was looking for a journal to jot down ideas , "  something clicked " and she was inspired to find a way to incorporate her languishing records into a notebook . "  I got in my car , drove to Barnes and Noble and sat in the aisle reading almost everything I found about bookbinding , " she said . She began crafting journals for friends and family and giving them as gifts to loved ones . After Pietrak was laid off , she decided to turn her journal-making hobby into a career . To fund start-up costs , she did temporary contract work and drew from her savings so she could eventually devote all her efforts to Vintage Vinyl Journals . She crops the album covers herself and contracts out the laser-cutting of the vinyl . She sews the journal pages together and attaches them to the cover using an acid-free adhesive . The average price of one of Pietrak 's journals is $ 35 , depending on the price of the vinyl . Custom designs requiring records that are hard to obtain cost a bit more . She used to think of them as simply journals , but over time she 's seen people use them for a variety of purposes . "  People use them for wedding guest sign-in books , scrapbooks , drawing , books to store concert ticket stubs and photos -- stuff I never thought of , " Pietrak says . After being in business for six months , she realized she would have to scale back living expenses to get the business off the ground . She and her boyfriend  now her husband  moved into an apartment and she sold many of her belongings . After two years in the apartment , they moved into her parents ' barn to accommodate their growing family . Her life is much simpler now than when she was a "  corporate , hungry , heel-wearing person , " she said . She can work and focus on her daughter while tending to new passions , like gardening and beekeeping . Running her business is a full-time job , even if it does n't provide enough income to support her family ; her husband has an outside job . There have been the typical ups and downs of being a small-business owner and entrepreneur , especially in learning how to market her products , she said . But "  not a day goes by " when she regrets her decision . Her vinyl journals are sold in stores across the United States and Canada . She used to attend craft shows to sell her product and find retailers , but as sales have grown through her website , she has been able to travel less . Her success has led her to pursue new business ventures , too , including an apparel line , Lucky Penny , named for her daughter , that will launch next month . Her dream now is to see her product on the shelves of larger retailers , like Urban Outfitters and Anthropologie . "  Either way , " she says , "  it 's exciting finally having my own business . "	Through Vintage Vinyl Journals , Katie Pietrak transforms old records into notebooks Pietrak launched her business after losing her job in the pharmaceutical industry To get business off the ground , she moved to scale back on living expenses
CNN  -- It 's been a big tourism year for the Big Apple . New York expects to draw more than 50 million visitors by the end of 2011 -- a record for the city , Mayor Michael Bloomberg announced Tuesday . "  While playing host to the world is n't new for us , the number of visitors we 're welcoming in recent years is new , " Bloomberg said during a ceremony in Times Square , while surrounded by cheering tourism officials . "  That means more guests in our hotels , more shoppers in our stores , larger audiences in our museums and theaters , more diners at our restaurants . " The city reached the milestone a year ahead of schedule , Bloomberg said . Throughout 2011 , New York was the No. 1 city and overseas destination in the United States , his office added . To celebrate , the mayor named newlyweds Craig and Lucy Johnson from Lichfield , England , as the honorary 50 millionth visitors to New York and presented them with a "  golden ticket " to the city . The couple will receive thousands of dollars ' worth of gift cards from New York retailers and tickets to a Broadway show . The Johnsons were among the 10.1 million international visitors to come to the city this year . Another 40.1 million tourists came from within U.S. borders . Tourism is a huge moneymaker for the city , generating $ 32 billion in visitor spending and $ 48 billion in economic impact , Bloomberg 's office said . "  New York City 's quality of life has contributed to this great success , and we are confident we will sustain the success of our tourism industry in the months and years ahead , " Bloomberg said .	New York expects to draw more than 50 million visitors by the end of 2011 , mayor says The number of tourists is a record for the city The city reached the milestone a year ahead of schedule , mayor says
ARBIL , Iraq  CNN  -- Two United Arab Emirates based companies announced on Tuesday that they will be investing in the Iraq 's autonomous region of Kurdistan . Nechirvan Barzani , Prime Minister of the Kurdish Regional Government , called the project "  a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy . " Four hundred and sixty one million square feet have been officially assigned to "  Gas Cities LLC , " a joint venture between Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum , both Sharjah-based companies , to establish a new venture : "  Kurdistan Gas City . " Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial , residential and commercial buildings in an integrated city . The expected initial investment in basic infrastructure is estimated at $ 3 billion , with further foreign direct investment exceeding $ 40 billion during the operations phase . Work will start on the project , which is designed to promote private sector investment in a variety of gas-related industries , on September 21 . Gas City is structured to hold over 20 varieties of world scale petrochemical and heavy manufacturing plants , and hundreds of small and medium-sized enterprises  SMEs  , served by state-of-the-art facilities . Mr Nechirvan Barzani , Prime Minister of the Kurdistan Regional Government , said : "  Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum have made a significant contribution to the Iraqi economy through their work in the Kurdistan Region of Iraq thus far , we are making significant progress in spurring on economic growth and creating opportunity for our people . " Hamid Jafar , Executive Chairman of Dana Gas , explained the importance of this achievement saying : "  The Kurdistan Gas City is an enormous step forward in Dana Gas ' strategy across the Middle East , North Africa and South Asia . " The Kurdistan Gas City is projected to generate job opportunities for nearly 200,000 Iraqi citizens in infrastructure , industrial projects , support services and other business activities . This is not the first project for Dana Gas and Crescent Petroleum in Iraq 's Kurdistan Region , the two companies are committed to a service agreement signed in April 2007 with the Kurdistan Regional Government to build 180 kilometers of natural gas pipeline and two liquefied petroleum gas  LPG  plants , which are 80 percent complete . The project is on track and will start pumping 150 million cubic feet of gas per day in the coming weeks , rising to 300 million cubic feet by early 2009 . Other companies from the UAE showed similar interest in Kurdistan Region "  Damac Properties " one of the major private developers in the regions revealed on June 3 plans for a $ 16 billion residential , commercial and recreational project .	Emirati companies making significant investments in Kurdistan Kurdistan Gas City will include industrial , residential and commercial buildings Work will start on the project on September 21
Washington  CNN  -- "  They deserve a vote . " President Barack Obama made that impassioned argument toward the end of his State of the Union message on Tuesday , using a strong emotional appeal to hammer home his plea for a vote in Congress on several gun control measures . He drew on the spirit of Hadiya Pendleton , the Chicago teenager who was shot dead just a week after performing during the president 's inaugural weekend celebration . Her parents were sitting next to first lady Michelle Obama in the House gallery . "  They deserve a vote , " Obama called out again . He called on the image of former Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , who was wounded by a gunman two years ago in Arizona . "  Gabby Giffords deserves a vote , " he said . But in using passion to push Congress toward action , did the president go too far ? And will it work ? It might . South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham , a leading Republican and tough Obama critic , told CNN 's Jim Acosta that he would not block a vote on gun control in the Senate . "  No , let 's vote , " Graham said . "  I do n't disagree with the president to have a debate . Let 's vote . Let 's find something we can agree on . " West Virginia Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin , a gun enthusiast , also said he would not get in the way of a vote . "  I wo n't block a vote on anything , whether I support it or not , " he said . Whether Obama 's plea is taken as an effective tactic that will help spur legislative action or is seen as a cheap , emotional ploy designed to push through a one-sided agenda depends on where you fall in the debate , political experts say . What Obama said Tuesday night "  That 's the way to do it . If you do n't do that it 's not going to happen , " said Alan Lizotte , dean and professor at the State University of New York at Albany 's School of Criminal Justice . "  You bring the families in , you bring in Giffords and it makes the case this needs to do be done , " Lizotte said . In perhaps the most passionate part of his speech , Obama was also sending a message to voters , who polls have shown are divided over changes in gun law . "  Each of these proposals deserves a vote in Congress . If you want to vote no , that 's your choice . But these proposals deserve a vote , " Obama said . "  Because in the two months since Newtown , more than a thousand birthdays , graduations , and anniversaries have been stolen from our lives by a bullet from a gun , " he said . Obama pressed on as people stood and applauded and some wiped away tears . One woman clutched a photo of a shooting victim . Graham to Obama : Stop ` cheerleading ' for gun laws Gun control advocates are hoping to capitalize on that emotion . MomsRising , a grassroots organization for mothers , plans on delivering a Valentine 's Day petition with more than 150,000 signatures aimed at urging the National Rifle Association and members of Congress to "  to stop blocking commonsense gun regulations . " "  Sandy Hook was a wakeup call for many moms across the nation . ... Moms are so upset by the current state of our gun policy and continue to be upset , " said Kristin Rowe-Finkbeiner , executive director and co-founder of the group . The nation 's gun lobby and other gun rights advocates said they will work hard to ensure that legislation is considered without the type of emotion on display during the State of the Union address . "  What I want from my legislative policy makers is a serious adult discussion , emotions are very strong and it 's not what you want to make decisions on . We did that after 9/11 and we ended up with the Patriot Act , " said Richard Feldman , who served as regional political director for the NRA during its rise to power in the 1980s and is president of a gun rights group , the Independent Firearm Owners Association . NRA President David Keene was similarly put off by the president 's approach . Complete coverage of the gun debate "  The one thing that sort of upsets me a little bit is the president is trying to use emotion to force things through before they are rationally debated , argued and examined and that 's a mistake because that 's the way you get to bad policy , " Keene told CNN following the president 's speech . "  There are going to be votes on some of these things . Some of these things may have more support than others and some of them may drop along the way as we head to the final days of this confrontation on second amendment rights , " he said . Gun rights advocates are also using emotional appeals to make their point . "  Hurricanes . Tornadoes . Riots . Terrorists . Gangs . Lone criminals . These are perils we are sure to face-not just maybe . It 's not paranoia to buy a gun . It 's survival , " the NRA 's executive vice president Wayne LaPierre wrote in an op-ed published Wednesday by the conservative news website , The Daily Caller . "  It 's responsible behavior , " he continued . "  And it 's time we encourage law-abiding Americans to do just that . " Congress is preparing to consider such measures as a ban on the manufacture of new high-powered assault weapons , cracking down on straw purchases of guns for those who ca n't pass background checks , curbing gun trafficking and expanding background checks . House Speaker John Boehner has said he has no plans to bring any measure up for a vote until the Senate acts first . Republicans oppose any assault weapons ban and rural-state Democrats facing tough re-election fights are unlikely to support it as well , meaning that proposal has little chance of passing Congress . There is some bipartisan support for expanded background checks , especially to keep guns out of the hands of people with mental illness . A number of lawmakers may also support limiting the size of ammunition magazines . The top Democrat in Congress , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada , has a good rating from gun rights groups and has said he would work to ensure that a variety of proposals are brought to the floor for consideration . Gun focus shifts from ban to checks and trafficking To that end , the emotional nature of the president 's address could help Democrats who are in a difficult position on Obama 's push for Congress to at least vote on tougher gun laws . The call places pressure on congressional Democrats , particularly in the House who may find that support of tougher gun laws could make it hard for them in the 2014 mid-term election . But bucking the party could anger the Democratic base . "  I think that the emotional appeal in the State of the Union speech can be important for elected officials who have to appeal to a jurisdiction that is not overwhelmingly Republican , " said Daniel Webster , director of Johns Hopkins Center for Gun Policy and Research . "  I have some confidence that there will be support in the Senate , including from several Democrats in states with large populations who are gun owners , for passing universal background checks , funding to encourage better reporting to the NICS  National Instant Criminal Background Check System  mental health disqualifications , and measures to strengthen laws that can be used to prosecute and deter illegal gun trafficking , " Webster said . However getting such legislation past the House is another matter . "  I am less optimistic about these things in the House because the Republican party has so few moderates , most are in safe gerrymandered districts , and the NRA provides critical funding and grassroots resources , " Webster said . "  But I suspect that the party will take a hit politically if they have a deaf ear to the country 's cry for much needed reforms . " Gun violence plans : What 's in the works CNN 's Jim Acosta contributed to this report	Some embrace President Obama 's appeal for gun control vote ; others turned off Two key Senators say they wo n't block effort to bring proposals to a vote Gun control advocates aware emotionally charged environment works for them ; gun rights groups see differently Lawmakers in tough districts must consider both emotion and logic when casting votes
CNN  -- Patients whose fungal tests are negative may still be at risk in a meningitis outbreak , as the fungus involved can be difficult to detect , federal health officials said Thursday . Cases of the non-contagious fungal meningitis rose to 170 in 11 states as of Thursday , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said . Fourteen people have died . The cases have been linked to injections of contaminated steroid injection made by the Massachusetts-based New England Compounding Center . Meningitis outbreak : What is a compounding pharmacy ? Some 14,000 people may have received the injections , the CDC said Thursday , an increase from its previous estimate of 13,000 . Health officials have been able to contact more than 90 % of the patients to warn them , officials said . But "  we are n't out of the woods yet , " said Dr. J. Todd Weber , incident manager of the multistate outbreak for the CDC . While the investigation is ongoing , 50 vials of the injection have tested positive for fungus . Those vials were found in the NECC facility , as well as in clinics that received the medication . CDC 's fungal disease laboratory has found the fungus Exserohilum in 10 meningitis patients , and the fungus Aspergillus in one patient . Exserohilum is new territory for health officials , as it 's not typically seen , Weber told reporters Thursday . However , it can be difficult to find , meaning a patient whose fungal test is negative is not in the clear . Doctors are encouraged to be diligent in following up with patients , he said . Meningitis outbreak : Your questions answered In addition , symptoms from Exserohilum can take a long time to develop . Patients who received the injections should remain vigilant for "  at least several months after injection , " Weber said . The average period in which infections are seen is about two weeks , with the longest being 42 days , officials said . However , the longest period a patient may go before developing the disease is not known . Curing the infection requires a long course of treatment . The CDC is recommending two anti-fungal drugs , which are very strong and can be difficult for patients to tolerate , Weber said .	14 people have died from fungal meningitis linked to contaminated injections 14,000 people may have received the injections , the CDC says "  We are n't out of the woods yet , " the outbreak incident manager says People should remain vigilant for several months after an injection
CNN  -- Do you prefer a one-piece or a string bikini ? Swim trunks or a snug Speedo ? Whatever you select , your choice is n't made in a vacuum under the florescent lights of a fitting room . History has informed the bathing suit styles of today , in ways we might never imagine . Click through the gallery above to learn how modesty , function and the evolution of style have affected the suits you take to the water , and look below for a collection of facts about swimwear . $ 17.6 billion : The estimated revenue of the worldwide swimwear industry in 2015 , according to research firm Global Industry Analysts . 4 : The average number of bathing suits an American woman owned in 2012 , as researched by Statistics Brain statisticians . 20 : The percentage of women who said they are concerned what the general public thinks when they wore a bathing suit , according to a recent survey by clothing company Land 's End . 7 in 10 : The number of women who told Land 's End they prefer to wear one-piece swimwear . 46 : The percent of U.S. men who feel their abs are n't ready to show off at the beach or pool , according to a 2011 survey by "  Anytime Fitness . " 1920s : The decade Australian swimwear company Speedo makes the first non-wool bathing suit . July 5 , 1946 : Louis Reard introduced the "  bikini " at a popular Paris swimming pool .  A similar swimsuit , called the "  atome , " was introduced around the same time , by fashion designer Jacques Heim . 30 square inches : The amount of fabric in one of the first bikinis . In one of Reard 's ad campaigns , he claimed a bikini was n't a real bikini unless it could be pulled through a wedding ring . Anybody got a robe ? Anyone ? 1958 : The year textile company Lycra says scientists created the eponymous fabric that would benefit saggy swimsuits everywhere . 1964 : The first year Sports Illustrated published a swimsuit edition . $ 12.95 : The modern price of a ladies ' vintage-style rubber swim cap with flowers on it from The Vermont Country Store . Photos : Happy birthday , blue jeans !	The average American woman owns four bathing suits There were 30 square inches in one of the first bikinis The swimwear industry estimates $ 17.6 billion in revenue for 2015
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Michael Jackson 's family and about 200 of their closest friends gathered on a hill Thursday evening for their final farewell to the pop singer , who died 10 weeks ago . Thursday 's service for singer Michael Jackson began 90 minutes past the announced start time . Jackson 's burial may lay to rest some of the mystery and controversy that erupted with his sudden death on June 25 . His large family was divided over where the superstar 's final resting place should be , but matriarch Katherine Jackson settled on a crypt inside the well-guarded and ornate Great Mausoleum at Forest Lawn cemetery in Glendale , California . Thursday 's service began 90 minutes past the announced start time , leaving dozens of celebrities -- including Elizabeth Taylor -- waiting in their seats for the 26 cars carrying the Jackson clan to arrive . Gallery : Invitation for Jackson 's service " It began with Jackson 's five brothers -- each wearing a single sequined glove -- carrying his flower-covered bronze casket onto the outdoor stage among six large bouquets of white lilies and white roses , along with green topiaries . His three children , led by daughter , Paris , 11 , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin , which a family spokesman said it was "  to signify the final resting place of the King of Pop . " Jackson 's children , parents and siblings took their seats in the front row , while his nieces and nephews filled several rows of white chairs behind them . After an opening prayer by Pastor Lucius Smith , soul music legend Gladys Knight sang the gospel hymn "  His Eye Is on the Sparrow . " Clifton Davis sang "  Never Can Say Goodbye , " a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 -- the group that featured a young Michael and his brothers . What was said by Jackson 's father , Joe Jackson , and others who took the lectern is not publicly known , because the family barred news cameras from the ceremony . A family statement issued afterward said close friends and family , including the Rev. Al Sharpton , spoke "  spontaneously to celebrate Michael 's life . " News helicopters hovering above captured video from a distance , but without sound . Watch media cover Jackson funeral " Lisa Marie Presley , one of Jackson 's former wives and the daughter of Elvis , attended the service , according to the family statement . It did not mention Debbie Rowe , Jackson 's second wife and the mother of his two oldest children . Macaulay Culkin , the "  Home Alone " actor who spent time with Jackson during his Neverland Ranch days , was there with his girlfriend , actress Mila Kunis . Actors Corey Feldman and Chris Tucker were also seen arriving for the service . Motown founder Berry Gordy , who gave Jackson and his brothers their first big record deal , and Quincy Jones , who produced Jackson 's "  Thriller " album , were there . Music producer Teddy Riley , who helped with Jackson 's 1991 "  Dangerous " album , attended . The guest list included TV executive Suzanne de Passe , who produced a miniseries about Jackson 's family , and Kenny Ortega , who was producing Jackson 's comeback show . Thomas Mesereau , the lawyer who successfully defended Jackson in a child molestation trial , sat just behind the Jackson family . When the hour-long service ended , his brothers lifted Jackson 's casket for a final time to carry him inside the Great Mausoleum , where he was placed in his crypt at 9:43 p.m. PT  12:43 a.m. ET Friday  . The family statement said it was "  his final resting place . " The family and friends then drove to an Italian restaurant eight miles away , in Pasadena , California , for "  a time of celebration . " The massive mausoleum , the final resting place for Clark Gable , Carole Lombard and dozens of other celebrities , is normally open to tourists , though the public is denied close access to crypts . Security guards , aided by cameras , keep constant vigil over the graves and crypts , which are surrounded by a world-class collection of art and architecture . The Forest Lawn Web site boasts that the mausoleum , which draws its architectural inspiration from the Campo Santo in Italy , "  has been called the ` New World 's Westminster Abbey ' by Time Magazine . " Visitors will see "  exact replicas of Michelangelo 's greatest works such as David , Moses , and La Pieta " and "  Leonardo da Vinci 's immortal Last Supper re-created in brilliant stained glass ; two of the world 's largest paintings , " the Web site says . Jackson 's burial was delayed by division among family members , though Katherine Jackson would make the final decision , brother Jermaine Jackson recently told CNN . He preferred to see his youngest brother laid to rest at his former Neverland Ranch home , north of Los Angeles in Santa Barbara County , California . That idea was complicated by neighbors who vowed to oppose allowing a grave in the rural area -- and by Jackson family members who said the singer would not want to return to the home where he faced child molestation charges , of which he was ultimately acquitted . The mystery of where Jackson would be buried became a media obsession in the weeks after his death . After his body was loaded onto a helicopter at UCLA 's Ronald Reagan Medical Center hours after his June 25 death , it stayed in the custody of the Los Angeles County coroner for an autopsy . It was only later disclosed that Jackson 's corpse was kept in a refrigerated room at the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn cemetery until his casket was carried by motorcade to downtown Los Angeles for a public memorial service in the Staples Center arena . Again , speculation about Jackson 's whereabouts grew when the media lost track of his casket after his brothers carried it out of sight inside the arena . It was only recently confirmed that it was taken back to the Hollywood Hills Forest Lawn while awaiting his family 's decision . Though Thursday 's interment may settle one Jackson mystery , a more serious one remains . The coroner announced last week that he had ruled Jackson 's death a homicide . A summary of the coroner 's report said the anesthetic propofol and the sedative lorazepam were the primary drugs responsible for the singer 's death . Los Angeles police detectives have not concluded their criminal investigation and no one has been charged .	Jackson 's three kids , led by daughter , Paris , placed a crown atop their father 's coffin Clifton Davis sang "  Never Can Say Goodbye , " a hit he wrote for The Jackson 5 Guests included Elizabeth Taylor , Lisa Marie Presley and Macaulay Culkin
It might be time to rename the 2014 MTV Video Music Awards as MTV 's Beyonce Awards . The singer , who leads this year 's group of nominees with eight nods , will also perform during the show and receive the Michael Jackson Video Vanguard Award .  Somewhere , Kanye West is nodding his approval . MTV Video Music Awards : Who 's nominated The Vanguard award is given to "  exemplary musicians who have made an incredible and long-lasting impact on pop culture , " according to MTV . In the past , the honor 's been handed to celebrated artists like Madonna , the Beastie Boys and Justin Timberlake , who received the Vanguard award in 2013 . Beyonce releases surprise ` Flawless ' remix featuring Nicki Minaj "  Not many singers have the power or ability to command such a massive legion of fans , drop a number one album out of literally nowhere and take the world by storm tour after tour , " MTV said in a statement . "  Beyonce has proved time and time again that she is the standard to which all other performers must measure up . " Queen Bey will bring her " *** Flawless " standards to the stage when the MTV Video Music Awards airs on August 24 at 9 p.m. ET . Other performers include Usher , Ariana Grande and Maroon 5 .	Beyonce will receive this year 's MTV Video Vanguard Award The singer is also the most nominated artist for the awards show Additionally , she 's going to perform at the ceremony
Items taken from Trayvon Martin 's cell phone -- including a text-message discussion of drug use and pictures of a gun and marijuana plants -- are among new details released Thursday by attorneys for the neighborhood watch volunteer accused of killing him without provocation 14 months ago . The evidence , George Zimmerman 's attorneys say , paints a different picture of the 17-year-old than the one portrayed by his family and supporters . Lead defense attorney Mark O'Mara says he will try to use the evidence if prosecutors attempt to attack Zimmerman 's character during his trial on second-degree murder charges , set to begin next month . Also Thursday , O'Mara filed motions in court . One asks for sanctions against the state for withholding evidence and for saying it did n't have more evidence when asked . The second requests that his client 's trial be delayed . Much of the new evidence disclosed Thursday in filings by Zimmerman 's attorneys comes from Martin 's cell phone , including photos showing a semiautomatic pistol and ammunition and small marijuana plants growing in pots . In other pictures , Martin is pictured making obscene gestures in an apparent self-portrait , as well pictures showing him with friends and in other settings . The text messages include a conversation from November 2011 in which he appears to say his mother has kicked him out of the house after "  da police caught me outta skool . " "  So you just turning into a lil hoodlum , " the person with whom he is texting says . "  Naw , I 'm a gangsta , " the text message read . In other messages , text message exchanges appear to be discussing guns . "  U wan na share a .380 w /  blacked out  , " one text message sent from Martin 's phone reads . The text messaging logs are also peppered with references to marijuana use . "  I got weed nd I get money Friday , " a message sent from his phone reads . "  I hid m weed , " another text sent from Martin 's phone reads . "  its wrapped . " The attorney for Martin 's family , Benjamin Crump , says the evidence is "  irrelevant " and predicted it would never be used at Zimmerman 's trial . Zimmerman to argue self-defense , will not seek ` stand your ground ' "  Is the defense trying to prove Trayvon deserved to be killed by George Zimmerman because  of  the way he looked ? " Crump said in a statement released Thursday . "  If so , this stereotypical and closed-minded thinking is the same mindset that caused George Zimmerman to get out of his car and pursue Trayvon , an unarmed kid who he did n't know . The pretrial release of these irrelevant red herrings is a desperate and pathetic attempt by the defense to pollute and sway the jury pool . " Instead , he said , jurors will focus on Zimmerman 's arrest for battery on a police officer , a domestic violence injunction and other issues he said demonstrate a "  propensity for violence . " Zimmerman 's defense also released Thursday a handwritten note that was allegedly written by someone who was on the phone with Martin when the confrontation with Zimmerman took place . Arrest ` solely to placate the masses , " Zimmerman 's mother writes The note , dated March 19 , 2012 , is not addressed to anyone in particular and it 's not clear why the person wrote it . It reads : "  He started walking then noticed someone was following him . Then he decided to find a shortcut cause the man would n't follow him . Then he said the man did n't follow him again . Then he looked back and saw the man again . The man started getting closer . Then Trevon turned around and said why are you following me !! "  Then I heard him fall , then the phone hung up . I called back and  not legible  no response . In my mind I thought it was just a fight . Then I found out this tragic story . " Zimmerman recently waived his right to a pretrial hearing under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force when threatened regardless of where they are . His attorneys will claim self-defense at trial . A representative of the special prosecutor handling the case did not immediately return an e-mail message seeking comment on the evidence . Prosecutors renewed their motion for a gag order in the case Thursday because , they say , they 're concerned about finding an impartial jury given the "  inordinate amount of media coverage . " Two previous gag order requests by the prosecution have been denied . George Zimmerman 's brother apologizes for offensive tweet	Prosecutors renew their motion for a gag order George Zimmerman 's attorney asks that his client 's trial be delayed Martin 's family attorney says the new evidence is irrelevant and meant to prejudice a jury Zimmerman , Martin 's acknowledged killer , goes on trial next month
CNN  An al Qaeda operative who helped radicalize and recruit two of the Paris gunmen was identified by U.S. authorities in July 2001 , less than two months before the 9/11 attacks against the World Trade Center and Pentagon . Djamel Beghal , an al Qaeda recruiter in Europe , was tapped in 2001 by senior Osama Bin Laden operative Abu Zubaydah to organize a terror cell to attack the U.S. Embassy in Paris . He was stopped in Dubai on his way home from Afghanistan and days later on July 24 , 2001 , former CIA Director George Tenet was briefed on Beghal . Tenet confirms the "  discussion of the pending deportation from the UAE to France of Djamel Beghal , who intended to blow up the U.S. Embassy in Paris , " in his biography . On August 6 , 2001 , Tenet briefed President George W. Bush in a classified presidential daily brief , entitled "  Bin Ladin Determined to Strike in the U.S. " Terror experts describe Beghal as a key figure linking generations of European terrorists . They include shoe bomber Richard Reid , 9/11 's Zacarias Moussaoui and cleric Abu Hamza al Masri , all of whom Beghal knew from his association with the radical Finsbury Mosque in London . "  He was seen very much as an al Qaeda point man in Europe , " says terror expert Sajjan Gohel of the Asia Pacific Foundation . Like Reid and Moussaoui , Beghal was inspired and radicalized by Abu Hamza al-Masri and adopted the name Abou Hamza in homage to his mentor , court documents show . A Western intelligence source says al-Masri may have helped Beghal connect with the right people on his 2000-2001 trip to Afghanistan . Coincidentally , a federal judge in Manhattan gave al-Masri a life sentence on terror charges January 9 , the same day the Paris attackers were killed in coordinated sieges by French police . Yet whether or not French authorities knew about his al Qaeda connections , Beghal served only eight years of a 10-year sentence for the U.S. Embassy plot . He was released under house arrest in 2009 . "  He 's not the type of person who gets de-radicalized in prison , " says Gohel , adding , "  He recruits others who he has incubated in prison . He 's a very dangerous person . " Defying the terms of his house arrest , Beghal quickly reconnected with two of his key recruits where he was confined , at the Murat Hotel in Cantal , France . Surveillance photos in 2010 show Beghal meeting two men in a Murat park in the presence of Cherif Kouachi . Amedy Coulibaly visited Beghal the same year with his girlfriend , and now fugitive , Hayat Boumeddiene , the couple bringing Beghal food and money . Boumeddiene refered to Beghal as a "  wise man " who had "  lots of books on religion . " Court records show Kouachi and Coulibaly stayed with Beghal for several days in April . It did n't take long before all three men were once again in the crosshairs of French authorities , this time for a 2010 prison-break plot to free a man convicted of the 1995 bombing of a Paris Metro . Beghal was sentenced to 12 years . Coulibaly , discovered with a weapons cache , was sentenced to four years and released in 2014 . Kouachi remained free because there was not enough evidence to tie him to the plot . Kouachi and his brother , Said , were killed by police in a gunfight after they attacked the offices of Charlie Hebdo , a French magazine with a history of mocking Mohammed . Twelve people were killed , including several top editors . The brothers said they were avenging the prophet . Coulibaly also was killed January 9 , after a shooting at a kosher grocery store in Paris . Police say Boumeddiene escaped the scene of the shooting . How the Kouachi brothers were radicalized CNN 's Scott Bronstein and Paul Cruickshank contributed to this report .	Djamel Beghal , an al Qaeda recruiter in Europe , has links to the Charlie Hebdo attack Former CIA Director George Tenet was briefed on Beghal in July 2001
Washington  CNN  -- A federal appeals court panel is considering whether photos of Osama bin Laden 's body should be released . Judicial Watch , a conservative legal group , argued Thursday before a three-judge panel that the Freedom of Information Act requires the government to release the pictures or better explain why the release of specific images would damage national security . The judges , with the U.S. Court of Appeals in Washington , did not say how soon they may rule . Judicial Watch attorney Michael Bekesha said government records indicate there are 52 images of bin Laden taken just after his death or when his body was aboard the USS Carl Vinson and then buried at sea . During the court hearing , Bekesha argued the shots of the burial at sea could be released without fear of harming national security , but he did not make that claim about the more gruesome images taken just after bin Laden was shot at his compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan . The government has said that there are sensitivities concerning the death of bin Laden and that releasing the pictures could lead to violence against Americans . "  This was the mastermind of 9/11 , " Bekesha said . "  This was the most wanted terrorist in the world . " The government has said bin Laden 's body was cleaned in accordance with Islamic practices , then wrapped respectfully and buried at sea , he said . Bekesha said the government has not said how releasing those images would be harmful . The judges took issue with that and said government officials had provided information about previous incidents that led to violence in the Arab world or provided terrorists with fuel for propaganda . Among the examples were the treatment of prisoners at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq and reports that Americans had desecrated Qurans . "  Why should we not defer to that ? " asked Judge Merrick Garland , who was appointed to the court by President Bill Clinton . "  We are told there is a risk ... that Americans could die if the pictures are released . " Robert Loeb , arguing for the government , noted that al Qaeda leader Ayman al-Zawahiri made statements that bin Laden 's body was not treated in accordance with Muslim traditions in an effort to "  inflame tensions . " In a statement released before the hearing , Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton said that "  President Obama is asking the courts to rewrite  the Freedom of Information Act  to allow his administration to withhold documents simply because their disclosure may cause controversy . " Debates over releasing the photos of the al Qaeda leader have raged in some quarters ever since the May 2011 raid in Pakistan that left him dead . The White House said that despite pressure from some lawmakers and dissent within the ranks of the president 's top advisers , Obama decided not to release them . "  It is not in our national security interest ... to allow these images to become icons to rally opinion against the United States , " White House press secretary Jay Carney said at the time . Judicial Watch asked the Defense Department to comply with a Freedom of Information request for material on the raid , including photos of the September 11 instigator lying dead on the third floor of his hideout . A federal judge ruled in April 2012 that there were legitimate national security interests to deny disclosure . "  A picture may be worth a thousand words . And perhaps moving pictures bear an even higher value , " Judge James Boasberg said . "  Yet , in this case , verbal descriptions of the death and burial of Osama bin Laden will have to suffice . " At the Thursday hearing , Bekesha raised questions about whether the images were properly classified or if that action was taken only in the face of the FOIA request to release them . "  There 's no doubt the classification was done beforehand , " Loeb said . Judicial Watch says its appeal makes clear that the group is not seeking information about equipment or techniques used in the raid . The government has "  failed to provide any evidence that all 52 images , including those depicting bin Laden 's burial at sea , pertain to ` foreign activities of the United States , ' " the appeal argues . "  Defendants also have failed to provide any evidence that images depicting the burial at sea actually pertain to ` intelligence activities . ' "  Nor have they demonstrated that the release of images of a somber , dignified burial at sea reasonably could be expected to cause identifiable or describable exceptionally grave damage to national security . " CNN 's Bill Mears contributed to this report .	NEW : The three-judge panel heard arguments ; it did not say how soon it may rule Conservative legal group Judicial Watch has pushed for release of the photos A federal judge rejected the group 's request in April 2012 The group says Obama is asking the courts to rewrite the Freedom of Information Act
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Indian cricket authorities have announced plans to host Pakistan later this year for the first one-on-one series between the South Asian rivals in five years . "  It was decided to resume cricketing ties with Pakistan by inviting the Pakistan cricket team for a short series in December 2012-January 2013 , " the Indian cricket board said in a statement Monday . "  The modalities will be worked out shortly . " India and Pakistan suspended their peace process and cricketing ties after the 2008 terror attack on Mumbai . The assault , which left more than 160 people dead , was blamed on Pakistani militants . The two nuclear neighbors have in the past used cricket as a platform to ease relations . Last year , then-Pakistan prime minister Syed Yusuf Raza Gilani watched a Cricket World Cup match between the two nations with his Indian counterpart Manmohan Singh as part of efforts to rebuild trust broken off by the Mumbai siege . In 2005 , Singh and then-Pakistan president Pervez Musharraf saw a cricket game in a New Delhi stadium . In 1987 , Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Pakistan Gen. Muhammad Zia ul-Haq attended a similar match in Jaipur . The last time the two sides played a head-to-head series was in 2007 . Monday 's announcement by the Indian cricket chiefs came after foreign secretaries of both nations emphasized earlier this month , at their meeting in New Delhi , the need to promote sporting contacts . Relations have thawed between India and Pakistan since they pledged last year not to let their talks unravel again over the range of thorny issues that put them at odds .	India and Pakistan to play international cricket again after five-year suspension India ceased all cricketing activity with its neighbor following 2008 Mumbai terror attacks A short one-day international series will take place between December and January The two nuclear powers will be hoping to use cricket as a means of easing political tensions
CNN  -- A crowd plunders buildings crumbled by last week 's earthquake , hauling off water , food , candles and anything else recoverable . Suddenly , a pickup truck hauling a half dozen armed policemen squeals to a halt . The mob scatters as the police officers in military style camouflage fire shots in the air and apprehend a few stragglers , some with a kick or a punch . Such scenes occurred with increased frequency Monday in Port-au-Prince , the devastated Haitian capital , as frustrated survivors resorted to scrounging and looting due to a lack of relief aid . The rising tension raised questions about the ability of the Haitian National Police to maintain order and its tactics in doing so . While the United States is sending thousands of troops to assist in relief efforts , U.S. officials say the Haitian police are responsible for security on the streets , with backing from U.N. peacekeepers . "  The first line of law and order here is , number one , the Haitian police , number two , the U.N. forces , " U.S. Ambassador Kenneth Merten said Monday . "  The U.S. forces are standing by to provide security as needed . " That seems to be an overwhelming task for the Haitian National Police  HNP  , a force of about 9,000 that is the impoverished Caribbean nation 's lone security apparatus . Latest updates | Full coverage National Police Chief Mario Andresol told CNN Monday that the department has been severely affected by the earthquake , with thousands of officers injured , killed or unaccounted for . The Port-au-Prince force of 4,000 has dropped to about 1,500 , he said . Complicating matters even further , roughly another 4,000 "  bad guys " are on the run , Andresol added , after the 95-year-old , badly overcrowded National Penitentiary in the capital collapsed and the inmates escaped . "  Today , we have double work , " Andresol said , adding that the police department is bring in troops from other parts of the country . "  There are not enough , so we are trying . " Bill Clinton , the former U.S. president who is the U.N. special envoy to Haiti , said Sunday that 40 percent of the Haitian police force has reported for duty since the January 12 temblor . It was unclear how many other police officers died and how many were struggling with the overwhelming hardships from such widespread destruction . First formed in 1995 , the civilian police force took over security from a disbanded military known for loyalty to dictators instead of the state , noted Brian Concannon Jr. , director of the non-profit Institute for Justice and Democracy in Haiti . A lack of money and other resources over the years , along with continued instability including a 2004 coup , has left the police force under-funded , under-trained and full of former soldiers prone to operating outside the law , Concannon said . For example , he cited summary executions of suspected criminals as a problem since the 2004 coup , along with police involvement in gangs or other criminal activity . In addition , a dysfunctional judicial system undermines the ability of the police force to deal with chronic crime problems in Port-au-Prince and elsewhere , according to Concannon . High-resolution photos of damage | Google map Progress has occurred in recent years , as the government simultaneously tried to remove "  bad apples " from the police force while expanding the number of policemen on the streets , Concannon said . "  Although the HNP 's efforts resulted in significantly increased levels of physical security and policing effectiveness , in many cases the HNP could not prevent or respond to gang-related and other societal violence due to an insufficient number of officers and inadequate equipment or training , " said a 2008 report on Haiti by Concannon 's group . Now the earthquake will set back the reform effort . "  There 's no doubt the Haitian national police took a significant blow in this disaster , " U.S. Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley said Monday . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon told CNN on Monday that he would ask for an additional 2,000 U.N. troops and 1,500 U.N. police officers to bolster the 3,000 U.N. police and soldiers currently deployed in Port-au-Prince -- among the 9,000 U.N. troops in Haiti . According to Ban , the additional forces would "  help humanitarian assistance be delivered in a safe way . " Concannon said Haitians coping with the disaster will be patient as long as they see aid arriving . He worried that excessive concerns about security was slowing the aid . "  I am afraid you 're going to have an escalating spiral where people who were willing to be patient lose their patience due to supplies being withheld for security reasons , " Concannon said . "  And then that impatience escalates and brings increased security , which further cuts the flow of supplies . " CNN 's Anderson Cooper and Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	U.S. ambassador : Haitian police represents "  first line of law and order , " then U.N. forces "  U.S. forces are standing by to provide security as needed , " ambassador adds National police chief says thousands of officers injured , killed or missing Police department is bring in troops from other parts of Haiti , police chief adds
CNN  -- Rangers kept their stranglehold on the Scottish title as a Lee McCulloch equalizer earned them a 1-1 draw against closest rivals Celtic in the Old Firm derby on Sunday . It leaves the defending champions seven points clear of Celtic , having played a game more , with the season at the halfway point . Ranger manager Walter Smith admitted his team had been fortunate to escape with a point at Parkhead with Celtic wasting a string of chances before Scott McDonald came off the substitutes ' bench to head a 79th minute opener . The Australian international converted from an Aidan McGeedy cross , but two minutes later saw McCulloch rise superbly from a corner to earn his side a valuable point . Rangers have 44 points from 19 games and Celtic 37 from 18 , but Celtic manager Tony Mowbray remained optimistic , saying that their city neighbors had denied them the title last term after coming from seven points behind . "  Undoubtedly , it 's less of a task than they had last year , " he told reporters . The other game on a crucial Sunday in the championship race saw Hibernian and Hearts draw 1-1 in a bad-tempered Edinburgh derby which saw both teams end with 10 men and crowd trouble . Gordon Smith gave Hearts the lead on the stroke of halftime but one of their fans was ejected after a flare was thrown as the players left the field at the interval . Anthony Stokes leveled for the home side in the 54th minute , but three minutes later Ruben Palazuelos of Hearts and Hibernian 's Darren McCormack were shown red for head-butting each other . Hibernian stay third with 33 points and Hearts are fifth .	Rangers and Celtic draw 1-1 in the Old Firm derby in Scotland Rangers stay seven points clear of Celtic at top of Scottish standings Hearts and Hibs draw 1-1 in bad-tempered Edinburgh derby with two men sent off
Cairo  CNN  -- Hosni Mubarak should be tried by a special tribunal because he is still president of Egypt and did not sign an official resignation , his lawyer said Sunday . "  He gave up the presidency orally to former vice-president Omar Suleiman without signing any official document , which is not legal by the constitution , " lawyer Farid El Deeb said . The court proceedings were recounted to CNN by civil rights lawyer Khaled Abu Bakr , who attended the hearing . A former head of an Egyptian lawyers ' organization said Mubarak is not the president . "  The revolution revokes the constitution , " Zakaria Abdel Aziz said . "  The Egyptian people said their word ... this is a nation that had a vice president at the time and this is an ousted president . " The trial was adjourned until Monday , when lawyers will start their defense of the former interior minister , who faces charges with Mubarak and his sons . Last week , El Deeb called for Mubarak to be tried in a military court , saying military law dictates that he is still the head of the Egyptian air force . Mubarak is accused of corruption and ordering protesters killed during the country 's uprising that brought his 30-year rule to an end in February . He has denied the charges . Two of Mubarak 's sons are also on trial on a variety of charges . The sons , Gamal and Alaa , have pleaded not guilty . Amnesty International had estimated more than 840 protesters were killed and 6,000 injured . A prosecutor 's spokesman cited 225 people killed and more than 1,300 injured , saying the number is lower because there is a difference between those killed while attacking police stations and those shot while protesting .	NEW : "  The Egyptian people said their word ... this is an ousted president , " analyst says Mubarak is accused of corruption and ordering protesters killed He has denied the charges Last week , the lawyer called for Mubarak to be tried in a military court
CNN  -- One of the unintended consequences of the Arab revolutions has become evident in Israel , where a surge in the number of refugees from Africa has created new tensions in a country with no shortage of practical and ethical dilemmas . In the face of the new challenge , a number of Israeli politicians have sunk to the occasion , exploiting raw emotions and fueling a display of violence that should shame Israelis . To be sure , Israel is not the first nation whose handling of illegal immigration deserves criticism . But the anti-immigrant riot that took place in a Tel Aviv neighborhood on May 23 should rise as a rallying cry for Israelis who believe their country should shine as a "  light unto the nations . " Since Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak was overthrown last year , Egypt 's Sinai Peninsula , the border between the two countries , has become a mostly lawless land where Bedouin gangs freely traffic in , among other things , human beings . Migrants who come mostly from Sudan and Eritrea have chosen Israel as their destination because it is one of the most prosperous states in the region and because it offers some protection for refugees . Despite the protests of right-wing politicians and of some sectors of the population , Israel has so far refrained from forcing the vast majority of refugees to return to their native countries . Many countries keep asylum-seekers in prison-like camps under indefinite detention . Israel is building a detention facility where refugees would remain while their cases are processed . But until now , they have been receiving visas that allow them to live anywhere in the country . Still , they live in limbo without a right to work legally . Unlike other countries that have returned refugees to their nation of origin or pushed them back to the state from which they crossed the border , Israel , a signatory to the 1951 Refugee Convention , has done neither . But the situation is becoming untenable and pressure for deportations is growing . Government figures say about 60,000 African migrants now reside in Israel , double the figure from 2010 , with between 2,000 and 3,000 more arriving each month . The numbers are enormous for a country the size of Israel . It is roughly equal to the number of illegal immigrants found , for example , in Australia , a country 350 times the size and triple the population of Israel . Israel is hardly the first place to experience anti-immigrant riots . And anti-immigrant sentiment there is part of a wave sweeping the globe . As in most places where illegal immigration has suddenly increased , much resentment has come from the poor who see the unfamiliar new arrivals settling in their midst , view the newcomers as a threat to their livelihoods and are highly sensitive to reports of criminal activity . Eritrean and Sudanese refugees have been arrested in a number of rape and stabbing of cases in Tel Aviv , but there is no evidence that the crime rate among them is higher than in the rest of the population . That , however , has not stopped Interior Minister Eli Yishai from tarring migrants as criminals and suggesting that most should be summarily deported . The country 's leaders should seek to calm tensions and find a humane solution to a growing human problem . But responsible , statesman-like behavior is apparently too much to ask . When the residents of the south Tel Aviv neighborhood of Hatikva held a protest last week , one member of parliament , Miri Regev , referred to Sudanese "  infiltrators " as "  a cancer , " stoking the inexcusable outbreak of violence .  She later apologized for using the term "  cancer " .  Another member of parliament , Danny Danon , turned up the rhetoric , shouting "  Expulsion now ! " and calling the migrants "  a plague . " While some Israelis expressed sympathy for the protesters , many lashed out against the shocking display of intolerance in Tel Aviv , of all places , a city known for its open-mindedness . Although no one was seriously injured and the police intervened , arresting 17 people , the language and the behavior would be unacceptable anywhere , but in Israel more than anywhere . Reuven Rivlin , speaker of the Knesset , the Israeli parliament , characterized the event as reminiscent of the early days of World War II , saying the words "  remind me of the hate speech aimed against the Jewish people . " Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu declared "  there is no place for the statements and actions which we saw last night . " The day after the riot , Israelis held a vigil against racism in front of the prime minister 's residence . But the reaction on the political scene was not uniformly conciliatory , with new calls for deportations and more irresponsible and inflammatory language from some political leaders . Israel faces a serious moral and practical dilemma . And although the problem has unique aspects because it is occurring in Israel , it is a quandary familiar to every country that has faced a large inflow of refugees and migrant workers . In Israel 's case , the prospect that the stream of refugees could grow into a flood raises the added specter that it could transform the Jewish character of the state . Despite Netanyahu 's claim , that is not an imminent danger . But the question also tugs , urgently , at another aspect of the country 's identity . Israel , after all , was founded as the nation-state of the Jewish people ; a people that saw millions of its numbers murdered while other countries closed their doors during World War II and at other times in history . Israel has not dealt with its refugees more harshly than most countries , despite the exaggerated claims about the events in Tel Aviv . But that is not a good enough standard . Israelis need to deal fairly and humanely with the refugees . Israelis are building a barrier at the Sinai border , which should cut down on the smugglers ' cruel traffic in human beings . Israel should formalize and legalize the status of a portion of the migrants and work with international agencies to find homes in third countries for others . In the meantime , it 's a good time for Israelis of all stripes to look at their own history and send a strong message to politicians who seem to have forgotten not only the country 's claim to high ethical standards , but an admonition from an ancient text , from Exodus , recently cited by a hospital manager writing about the serious medical needs of African migrants . "  Do not oppress the stranger among us . You know how it feels to be strangers , for you , too , were strangers in Egypt . " The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : A demonstration against immigrants turned violent in Israel She says members of parliament added to the inflamed rhetoric Israel , of all places , should avoid intolerance of those seeking asylum , she says Ghitis : Israelis condemned the rioting , and Israel is not alone in its immigration problem
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The British police practice of keeping DNA records of anyone they arrest is a human rights violation , The European Court of Human Rights ruled unanimously Thursday . The European Court of Human Rights says the UK should not be keeping DNA records of everyone they arrest . Two Britons took the case to the court after the police retained their fingerprints and DNA when criminal cases against them ended without conviction . Both then requested that the samples be destroyed , but their request was denied on the basis of a British law authorizing them to be retained indefinitely . The court awarded them 42,000 euros  $ 53,000  to cover their legal costs . The court was "  struck by the blanket and indiscriminate nature of the power of retention in England and Wales , " it said in a statement announcing the ruling . It ruled the British practice was a violation of the "  right to respect for private and family life " under Article 8 of the European Convention of Human Rights . The two applicants are both from the northern English city of Sheffield . One , Michael Marper , was arrested in March 2001 and charged with harassment of his partner . The case was formally discontinued three months later when he and his partner reconciled . The second applicant , a minor identified in court papers only as S. , was arrested in January 2001 , aged 11 , for attempted robbery . He was acquitted in June 2001 , on the same day the case against Marper was dropped . Marper told CNN he was surprised the case went as far as it did . "  It 's a shame it had to go all the way to the European Court . It was only a trivial thing in the beginning , " he said . He was in favor of the police DNA database when it was introduced . "  I was n't against the principle of it . I 'm all for DNA investigation at a crime scene . " He added that he did not object to retaining the DNA of convicted criminals "  so if you committed a crime later it could be traced and checked out . " But , he said , if a case "  has not been to court , then the DNA evidence should be thrown out with it . " The court ruling can not be appealed , and theoretically requires the British government to change its policies . But British Home Secretary Jacqui Smith , who is responsible for the police , said she was "  disappointed " by the ruling and that the existing law would "  remain in place while we carefully consider the judgment . " "  DNA and fingerprinting is vital to the fight against crime , providing the police with more than 3,500 matches a month , " she said in a statement released by the Home Office Thursday . "  The government mounted a robust defense before the court , and I strongly believe DNA and fingerprints play an invaluable role in fighting crime and bringing people to justice . " CNN 's Laura Perez Maestro contributed to this report .	UK police practice of keeping DNA records of suspects is "  human rights violation " The European Court of Human Rights says it is "  indiscriminate " Two Britons took action after police retained samples despite dismissal of cases
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- A Taliban attack near Kabul International Airport ended Thursday morning with all six insurgents dead , the Afghan interior ministry said . The gunmen had taken over a half-completed building in an assault that included explosives , rocket-propelled grenades and machine-gun fire , police spokesman Hashmat Stanikzai said The building where the firefight took place was located in a settlement a few hundred meters outside the grounds of the airport . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid claimed responsibility for the attack , saying the militant group was targeting the military side of the airport . The assault temporarily halted operations on the civilian side of the facility . There were no casualties among Afghan security forces or civilians , the ministry said .	NEW : Six Taliban insurgents die in the attack NEW : The were no casualties among Afghan special forces or civilains The insurgents use heavy and light weaponry The attack took place around 4:30 a.m. local time
CNN  -- The SpaceX Dragon was successfully berthed at the International Space Station on Wednesday as the station 's crew caught and secured the unmanned cargo capsule high above Earth , NASA announced . Japanese astronaut Akihiko Hoshide latched onto Dragon with a robotic arm at 6:56 a.m. ET . By 9:03 , the craft was attached to the station 's docking module , the space agency said . "  Looks like we 've tamed the Dragon , " NASA 's Sunita Williams , commander of the current ISS mission , said in a statement released by SpaceX . The Dragon mission lifted off Sunday carrying about a half ton of supplies for the station 's crew . It caught up with the ISS Wednesday morning , 273 miles over the South Atlantic Ocean , NASA said . "  This is a big moment in the course of this mission and for commercial spaceflight , " SpaceX founder Elon Musk said in a statement released by the company . "  We are pleased that Dragon is now ready to deliver its cargo to the International Space Station . " It 's one of a dozen missions ordered by NASA under a contract with the company . A Dragon capsule successfully delivered 1,000 pounds of cargo to the station in May . NASA says the ISS crew will start unloading the craft on Thursday . Dragon will be attached to the station for two and a half weeks . After the supplies are pulled off , astronauts will reload the craft with scientific experiments and failed equipment that can be repaired and sent back . It 's scheduled to return to Earth on October 28 . The Dragon remained on course despite engine trouble on its booster after liftoff Sunday night . A minute and 19 seconds after the Falcon 9 rocket lifted off from Cape Canaveral , Florida , one of its nine Merlin engines "  lost pressure suddenly , " the company disclosed Monday . The rocket "  did exactly what it was designed to do , " as its flight computer made adjustments to keep the Dragon headed into the proper orbit , the company said . However , a communications satellite the Falcon 9 carried as a secondary payload did not end up in its designated orbit . In a statement issued Wednesday afternoon , SpaceX said it had to use more fuel and liquid oxygen to put the Dragon into orbit because of the failed engine . "  For the protection of the space station mission , NASA had required that a restart of the upper stage only occur if there was a very high probability  over 99 %  of fully completing the second burn , " SpaceX said . "  While there was sufficient fuel on board to do so , the liquid oxygen on board was only enough to achieve a roughly 95 % likelihood of completing the second burn , so Falcon 9 did not attempt a restart . " The satellite , built by New Jersey-based satellite firm Orbcomm , was supposed to have been carried into a higher orbit by the Falcon 9 's second stage . Orbcomm said Monday that its satellite was circling in a lower-than-intended orbit , and it was trying to determine whether the satellite 's own propulsion systems could carry it the rest of the way up . SpaceX said it was studying flight data with NASA to figure out what happened , "  and we will apply those lessons to future flights . " Initial readings indicated that an engine fairing broke apart under stress , it said Monday . Despite that problem , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden called Sunday 's launch and the mission "  a critical event in space flight . " And SpaceX , which Musk founded in 2002 , is looking beyond cargo flights to develop a version of the Dragon that would carry astronauts to the ISS . It 's one of three companies , along with Sierra Nevada and aerospace giant Boeing , that NASA has chosen to work on the project . Within the next few months , Orbital Sciences is expected to fly its own demonstration flight to the space station . Instead of using Cape Canaveral as its launch site , the company 's rocket will take off from Wallops Island , off the coast of Virginia . Orbital has a nearly $ 2 billion contract with NASA for station resupply missions . In 2008 , NASA chose SpaceX 's Falcon 9 launch vehicle and the Dragon spacecraft to resupply the space station after the space shuttle program was retired . The space agency plans to turn much of its focus toward exploring deep into the solar system . "  The $ 1.6 billion contract represents a minimum of 12 flights , with an option to order additional missions for a cumulative total contract value of up to $ 3.1 billion , " SpaceX says on its website .	The SpaceX Dragon was successfully "  tamed , " the ISS commander says The capsule will spend about 18 days at the ISS and bring back scientific experiments One of the capsule 's 9 engines died during launch Monday
Washington  CNN  Ohio Democratic Rep. Tim Ryan fully reversed his anti-abortion position and came out as pro-choice in an op-ed published on Tuesday . "  I have come a long way since being a single , 26-year-old state senator , and I am not afraid to say that my position has evolved as my experiences have broadened , deepened and become more personal , " Ryan wrote in the Akron Beacon Journal . "  I have come to believe that we must trust women and families -- not politicians -- to make the best decision for their lives , " he said . After running for Congress on a pro-life platform in 2002 and initially voting with Republicans on the issue , Ryan , who is Catholic , has shifted leftward on abortion . In recent years , he 's drawn criticism from pro-life activists that once supported him for voting to protect public funding for Planned Parenthood and access to contraception . Ryan wrote in the op-ed that his shift was inspired by conversations with women during his political career , but the move also puts him in a better position politically as he contemplates a potential 2016 challenge to Sen. Rob Portman , a Republican . Ryan told Roll Call that "  we 're certainly looking very closely at " a Senate run . And while he 's won re-election to his heavily Democratic district with comfortable margins nearly every cycle since 2002 , Ryan 's pro-life stance could have been an obstacle for him in a Democratic Senate primary in the swing state . Indeed , Portman himself has shifted on a key social issue since he was elected in 2010 with Tea Party support . He came out in favor of gay marriage in 2013 , also in a newspaper op-ed , citing his experience with his gay son as partial inspiration for the shift . RELATED : Which GOP hopeful is the most like Reagan ? Ryan , however , dismissed speculation that his change of heart was politically motivated . "  I realize that people can be cynical about politics and think this is something tied to a Senate aspiration , " Ryan told the Plain Dealer . "  The reality is , this is just where my heart is right now . I want to be clear about that . I would be abandoning my own conscience and my own judgment if I somehow led people to believe I was supporting a position I no longer thought was the appropriate position to have . "	Ohio Democratic Rep. Tim Ryan came out as pro-choice in an op-ed published on Tuesday After running on an anti-abortion platform in 2002 , he 's shifted leftward over the years He dismissed speculation his shift was in preparation for a potential Senate bid
A California family 's nanny nightmare may be nearing an end . More than three weeks ago the Bracamonte family fired Diane Stretton , 64 , but she refused to leave their home . Police told the family they could n't force Stretton out of their Upland , California , home without an eviction notice . A judge even ruled in Stretton 's favor , deciding the Bracamonte 's did not terminate Stretton 's employment in a legal manner . The family said Stretton then threatened to sue them if they tried to force her out . Now Stretton has offered to move out , according to ABC News , but under her conditions . Stretton called the family 's attorney late Saturday night "  and said she could be out by July 4 , " Marcella Bracamonte said on "  Good Morning America " Sunday . But Bracamonte said that wo n't work for her family because they plan to be out of town . So it 's still unclear at this point if , in fact , the nanny will leave of her own free will or whether the family will have to continue through with the eviction process , now underway , before they can call their home their own again . "  This is now by court , by law , this is her domain , " Ralph Bracamonte told ABC News . The family 's saga started in March when Marcella Bracamonte hired Stretton as a nanny , who was expected to help out with household chores . The family ran a background check on the woman before hiring her , too . Bracamonte fired her on June 6 . "  She quit working about a month before I ever fired her . She would just stay in her room , " said Marcella Bracamonte . CNN discovered that Stretton is on the California 's Vexatious Litigant List , a list of people who continually bring legal action , regardless of merit , against others with the sole intention of harassment . CNN found dozens of lawsuits filed by Stretton in California over the years .	Media report says nanny offered to leave by July 4 Bracamonte family reportedly rejected one of the nanny 's conditions for departure A California judge ruled in favor of the nanny as a tenant in the home The family fired her in early June after the nanny stopped working
Health.com  -- Between puffs of his cigarette , Aristo Lizica explains why he 's all for a smoking ban in public housing -- including his own housing project on the Upper West Side of Manhattan . "  When you smoke indoors , it hurts everybody , " the 59-year-old says , leaning against an iron fence outside his building . "  It 's better for me to just make myself sick . " Lizica would prefer to avoid making himself sick too , of course . "  I want to quit , " he adds . "  I know cigarettes are bad for my health . " Yet he remains unable to kick the habit . Federal housing officials are trying to help people like Lizica -- and his neighbors -- by making public housing smoke-free . Full or partial smoking bans would reduce secondhand smoke drifting between apartments , prevent cigarette-related fires , and even help smokers quit , they argue . "  We see it as a win-win for both residents and housing authorities , " says Donna White , a spokesperson for the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development , the federal agency that oversees public housing . 15 ways smoking ruins your looks In a 2009 memo , the department highlighted the dangers that indoor smoking poses to the nation 's 2.1 million public housing residents , and "  strongly encouraged " local housing authorities to implement smoking restrictions . But doing so remains voluntary , and so far only about 4 percent of local authorities have taken the step . "  Change is hard , " White says . Public health experts are hoping to light a fire under the cause . In a paper published today in the New England Journal of Medicine , a team of researchers and attorneys from Harvard University argue that the health and safety gains of a smoking ban in housing projects would far outweigh the losses , which some say would include the privacy rights of smokers . Yet smokers like Lizica could prove to be the biggest winners , the authors suggest . "  If federal officials and public housing authorities take this cue , we can expect to have large numbers of people quit smoking , " says the lead author of the article , Jonathan Winickoff , M.D. , a pediatrician and assistant professor at Harvard Medical School , in Boston . "  That could be the single greatest health benefit . " Although the exact numbers of smokers in housing projects are unknown , about 30 percent of Americans living below the poverty line smoke tobacco , more than 1.5 times the rate of those who live above it . 70 years of menthol cigarette ads The idea that the government can tell people what to do in their own homes is controversial , however . As Winickoff and his colleagues acknowledge , the smoking restrictions they support are "  morally offensive to some " because the restrictions would be imposed on residents who are poor and unable to easily relocate if they disagree with them . Indeed , not all residents of public housing support the idea . "  I do want to quit , but at the end of the day , we should n't care what others do , " says Esther Matos , 29 , who lives and smokes in Lizica 's housing project . "  Do n't bother me , and I wo n't bother them . " Even nonsmoker Lizzie Middleton , a 65-year-old survivor of lung and colon cancer , agrees . "  It may be public housing , but people still pay rent and bills and buy their own cigarettes , " she says . "  They have the right to smoke in their own home . " But HUD officials and the Harvard researchers argue that smokers such as Matos are , in fact , bothering their neighbors and harming the health of those around them . Secondhand smoke and third-hand smoke -- the toxic residue left behind on walls , carpets , and clothes long after a cigarette is extinguished -- are bad news , especially for children , pregnant women , people with chronic illnesses , and the elderly , Winickoff and his colleagues note . These vulnerable groups are disproportionately represented in public housing , they point out , and may be at increased risk for sudden infant death syndrome , asthma , respiratory infections , heart attacks , and cancer . 6 common smoking triggers -- and how to fight them Just a few smokers can cause a big impact in a large apartment building , Winickoff says . "  Tobacco smoke can stick around for weeks , months , even years , " he explains . "  Smoke does n't know to stop at a doorway . It travels through air vents and cracks in walls , along ventilation and elevator shafts , and up stairways . " Smoking bans might also reduce the number of smokers and prevent young people from starting in the first place , says Michelle Mello , Ph.D. , a professor of health policy and management at the Harvard School of Public Health , and one of Winickoff 's co-authors . "  If we can remove the constant exposure to this behavior as well as to the smoke itself , we also stand a better chance of keeping at-risk youth from beginning to smoke , " Mello says . 10 crazy ways smokers finally kicked the habit Even proponents acknowledge that smoking restrictions could prove difficult to enforce , however . Mello believes that smoking could be regulated in public housing in the same way that drugs and alcohol are , but she and her co-authors note that penalties -- including eviction - may be hard to impose . Although cities such as Boston , Seattle , and Denver have begun to roll out smoking bans in recent years , most of the cities and towns that have implemented restrictions to date are small and have relatively few housing projects . Social , sneaky , or skinny ? The 7 types of smokers Milford , Connecticut , is one of the few cities that have responded to HUD 's urging . In March , the city 's public housing authority passed a nonsmoking ordinance that covers all 465 of its units .  Current tenants have until November 1 to comply . "  We 've had broad , positive support , " says Anthony Vasiliou , executive director of the Milford Housing Authority . The day after the ordinance was passed , he says , a longtime smoker and public housing resident personally thanked him , and told him she believed the ban would give her the motivation to finally quit . "  Believe it or not , " says Winickoff , "  even some smokers want smoke-free housing . " Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Federal housing officials argue that smoking bans would help smokers quit About 30 percent of Americans living below the poverty line smoke tobacco Expert : Just few smokers can cause a big impact in a large apartment
The shooting death of Ibragim Todashev , an associate of the alleged mastermind of the Boston Marathon bombing who was killed in a scuffle with FBI agents , was justified , Florida 's Ninth Circuit State Attorney Jeffrey L. Ashton said in an investigative report Tuesday . As expected , the report concluded that there was no wrongdoing in the shooting of Todashev and that "  the actions of the Special Agent of the FBI were justified in self-defense and in defense of another . " The finding , reported by CNN last week , concurs with an FBI internal review of the shooting , which supported the agent 's account . It also matches what the Florida state attorney for Orange and Osceola counties found in his investigation . "  Based on the physical evidence -- primarily the various findings of the autopsy , coupled with the reports that we received and the lack of inconsistency -- the events seemed to have occurred the way the agents said that they occurred and that there was no basis to bring criminal charges , that it was a lawful use of deadly force , " Richard I. Wallsh , executive director of the state attorney 's office , told CNN . Evidence reviewed includes photos of the agent showing his injuries , officials said . The shooting occurred on May 22 , 2013 , as Massachusetts state troopers , accompanied by FBI agents , questioned Todashev , 27 , in his apartment in an Orlando suburb , officials said . The report cites FBI documents that said Todaschev was writing a confession to a triple murder when when he attacked , flipping the table he was writing on and striking an FBI agent in the head . Todaschev ran to the kitchen and was heard frantically grabbing items before reappearing in the doorway wielding a long metal handle of a mop or broom . "  There 's a belief that maybe he was looking for a knife or another weapon , " Wallsh said . The report said Todashev took an attack stance with the pole and lunged violently at the agent , who fired three to four rounds . Todaschev went down on his knees momentarily before he "  sprang " to his feet again . The agent fired another three to four rounds . Todaschev was hit seven times , with fatal shots to his head and his heart , according to the documents . Father : ` Unarmed ' son ` not crazy ' enough to attack FBI agent who killed him Massachusetts investigators were pursuing information about a grisly 2011 triple murder that they thought could have been tied to Todashev and Tamerlan Tsarnaev , who allegedly carried out the deadly bombing in April 2013 with his younger brother , Dzhokhar Tsarnaev . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed as he and his brother confronted police in the days after the bombing . Dzhokhar Tsarnaev was later arrested and jailed . He 's awaiting trial . Last week , the Florida chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations , which called for an investigation into Todashev 's shooting , said it was conducting its own investigation of his death . "  Certainly , the FBI 's failure to prosecute a single agent in its history for shooting a suspect does not help its credibility , " the council said in a statement . "  Our concern however is not only regarding whether the agent was justified at the time he pulled the trigger , which was the focus of the state and federal investigation , but about the pattern of civil rights abuse that occurred before , during , and after the killing of Ibragim Todashev . " Todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to the law enforcement officers and agents in his apartment . "  My son was definitely unarmed , because he never had a gun , " his father , Abdulbaki Todashev , told CNN in Moscow in a June 2013 interview . "  He could n't attack them or fight them ; he could n't do anything because even two men could easily handle him . " U.S. law enforcement officials said Todashev made statements implicating himself and Tamerlan Tsarnaev in the 2011 killings . The FBI had interviewed Todashev before about the marathon bombing because he was a friend who , like Tamerlan Tsarnaev , trained in martial arts . He was cooperative , and the FBI did n't consider him to be involved . Still , Todashev 's shooting has raised questions about the FBI 's handling of the matter , because any evidence he could have provided is now lost . "  We , in particular , were only looking in fairness to Mr. Todashev and his family , and in fairness to the officers involved , to try to determine whether this particular incident was justified or not , " Wallsh said . No wrongdoing found in FBI shooting According to the investigative report , the agents knew of Todashev 's skills in mixed martial arts and his criminal history , which included acts of violence . The suspect refused to meet agents and state troopers at a police station , insisting instead that they come to his Florida apartment . During the nearly five-hour meeting , the suspect 's demeanor changed while discussing and eventually confessing to his involvement in the triple slaying in Waltham , Massachusetts , the report said . After Todashev asked to use the bathroom , one of the law enforcement officers removed a large , Samurai-type sword mounted on the wall near the kitchen , the report said . Concerned about his changing demeanor , one trooper texted another trooper and FBI agent : "  Be on guard , He  Todashev  is in a vulnerable position to do something bad . Be on guard now . I see him looking around at times . " Moments later , Todashev attacked . The report said Todashev "  struck the FBI Agent in the head with a coffee table and then armed himself near the front door of the address . As he then re-engaged the FBI Agent and Trooper One , they both perceived Mr. Todashev 's movements towards them as being potentially life threatening . " Todashev "  armed himself with a red broom handle " and charged at the officers , the report said . "  The FBI Agent engaged the impending threat twice , by discharging his issued handgun a total of seven  7  times during two volleys of gunfire . " The use of deadly force by the agent was "  reasonable and justified , and therefore , lawful , " the report concluded .	Ibragim Todashev knew the alleged Boston Marathon bombings mastermind He was killed in Florida in May 2013 while being questioned about a triple homicide Todashev 's family has disputed that he posed any threat to law enforcement
CNN  -- If rumors that Cristiano Ronaldo might be dropped for Real Madrid 's trip to Valencia were a ploy from coach Jose Mourinho to inspire his fellow Portuguese to greater heights , it was an unquestionable success . The two were reported to have had a frank exchange of views after Real 's midweek win over Valencia in the Spanish Cup , leading to stories that Ronaldo would be asked to sit on the substitutes bench . But he was n't . He started and demonstrated why he is lauded as one of the world 's best players by helping himself to two goals and an assist as Real won 5-0 to claw back a little ground on runaway leaders Barcelona . The damage was done in the first half , as Real raced into a five-goal lead inside the opening 45 minutes . Argentina international Gonzalo Higuain opened the scoring on nine minutes as he polished off a swift Real counter attack from fellow countryman Angel Di Maria 's cutback . Valencia goalkeeper Diego Alves had to save twice from Germany midfielder Sami Khedira before Ronaldo made headway down the left and crossed for Di Maria to tap into an empty net . A minute later it was 3-0 as Mesut Ozil released Ronaldo and he fired home at the near post to effectively end the contest . Ronaldo grabbed his second and Real 's fourth on 41 minutes when he again finished off a pass from Ozil and the German playmaker was the provider on the stroke of halftime as he sent Di Maria away to grab his second . Valencia improved after the break and tested Real goalkeeper Iker Casillas -- recently dropped by Mourinho -- several times but Real held firm . Elsewhere , Atletico Madrid maintained their seven point lead over their city rivals in second with a comfortable 2-0 win over Levante , though their star striker Falcao limped off with injury . Adrian and Koke grabbed the goals for Atletico , who remain eight points behind Barcelona . Osasuna beat Deportivo La Coruna 2-1 while goals from Javi Guerra and Óscar González helped Real Valladolid to a 2-0 victory over Real Zaragoza . In Italy , Inter stayed fourth in the Serie A table after a 1-1 draw away at AS Roma before news broke that their Dutch midfielder Wesley Sneijder had agreed to join Turkish club Galatasaray . City neighbors AC Milan beat Bologna 2-1 at the San Siro while Fiorentina and Napoli drew 1-1 . In France big-spending Paris St-Germain won 1-0 away at Bordeaux to move top of Ligue 1 thanks to their Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic . Stade Rennes and Nice were also winners on Sunday . In Germany , Nurnberg drew 1-1 with Hamburg while Augsburg won 3-2 away at Fortuna Düsseldorf .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores twice as Real Madrid thrash Valencia 5-0 in La Liga Emphatic win means Real Madrid close gap on Barcelona to 15 points Inter draw 1-1 in Italy 's Serie A while PSG win at Bordeaux in France
CNN  -- Mega Millions jackpot winners and Washington state residents Jim and Carolyn McCullar stepped forward on Thursday to claim their half of a $ 380 million prize during a Washington State Lottery news conference . "  I had faith one day that we were going to hit it , " she said . "  You got to have faith . " Jim McCullar , 68 , had previously worked as a real estate agent from Ephrata , with a population of just more than 6,000 in central Washington . He said that he was initially scared to come forward , saying he felt like "  a field mouse " as hawks circled overhead . "  All we saw were predators and we were afraid to do anything until we got down here with police protection , " McCullar said . He then opened his wallet and counted the money inside . "  I got eight dollars , " he said , raising the oversized check for $ 190 million dollars over his head . "  I could n't get this in my wallet . " The other winner , with whom the family will split the $ 380 million jackpot , has yet to come forward . That person is from Idaho . The McCullars ' ticket was sold at a Safeway store in Ephrata , lottery officials said . Store manager Geoff Bell told CNN affiliate KREM that the phones began to ring off the hook when news surfaced that the store had sold one of the two winning tickets . "  It 's great for the community . It 's nice that Safeway can be a part of helping somebody make some dreams come true for them , " Bell told the affiliate . The ticket in Idaho was sold in Post Falls , near the border with Washington state . Tuesday 's Mega Millions numbers were 4 , 8 , 15 , 25 , 47 and 42  42 was the Mega Ball number  . As days went by without a winner , residents in the 42 states that take part in the Mega Millions drawing rushed to stores to buy more and more tickets , pushing the jackpot to $ 380 million , the second-highest in the drawing 's history . The highest was $ 390 million in 2007 .	Washington state couple Jim , Carolyn McCullar claim $ 190 million lottery jackpot Fearful of coming forward at first , he felt like "  a field mouse " as hawks circled The other winner is from Idaho and has yet to come forward $ 380 million jackpot was second-highest in Mega Millions history
Dhaka , Bangladesh  CNN  -- The owner of a Bangladeshi apparel factory where 112 people died in a fire in November 2012 has been arrested and sent to jail . Delwar Hossain , the owner and managing director of Tazreen Fashions , and his wife , Mahmuda Akther , the chairwoman , surrendered Sunday and were ordered to jail by Metropolitan Magistrate Mohammad Tajul Islam . The magistrate denied bail . Most of those killed at the factory were female workers . More than 200 people were injured , and nearly half of the victims were burned beyond recognition . The government supervised the taking of their DNA before burying them . In December , a Bangladeshi criminal investigation found 13 people guilty of gross negligence of safety measures . They were charged with "  culpable homicide , " according to a court official . There were arrest warrants issued for six people , including Hossain and Akther . The other warrants were for officials of the company . The factory makes clothes for Western retailers . Ready-made garments make up 80 % of Bangladesh 's $ 24 billion in annual exports .	Delwar Hossain and his wife , Mahmuda Akther , are arrested and jailed The two surrendered to a magistrate Sunday In November 2012 , 112 people died in a fire in a garment factory outside Dhaka
CNN  -- Joan Rivers could turn anything into a joke , and that includes her own funeral . As unearthed by Mashable 's Brian Ries , the comedian concocted a very specific , and very funny , burial service wish list in her 2012 book , "  I Hate Everyone ... Starting With Me . " Needless to say , Rivers was not planning a simple farewell . "  When I die ... I want my funeral to be a huge showbiz affair with lights , cameras , action , " Rivers says in the book . Joan Rivers was a pointed , pioneering comedian "  I want Craft services , I want paparazzi and I want publicists making a scene ! I want it to be Hollywood all the way , " she continues . "  I do n't want some rabbi rambling on ; I want Meryl Streep crying , in five different accents . " Mourners can skip the eulogy , because Rivers would rather have "  Bobby Vinton to pick up my head and sing ` Mr. Lonely . ' I want to look gorgeous , better dead than I do alive . I want to be buried in a Valentino gown and I want Harry Winston to make me a toe tag . " And , last but definitely not least , "  I want a wind machine so that even in the casket my hair is blowing just like BeyoncÃ © 's . " We can only hope Rivers gets her wish . As of Friday , Rivers ' service was set for Sunday at Manhattan 's Temple Emanu-El .	Joan Rivers wrote about her funeral in a 2012 book She joked that she wanted a glitzy Hollywood affair Rivers : "  I want Meryl Streep crying , in five different accents "
CNN  -- FACETIME : Hoshyar Zebari , Iraqi Foreign Minister After years of violence and sectarian tension , Iraq is trying to reshape its image as it hosts its first Arab Summit since 1990 . MME sat down with Iraqi Foreign Minister , Hoshyar Zebari who is hoping the event will not only improve the country 's standing as a major political player but could boost the economy as well . IN FOCUS : Basra 's Construction Boom Iraq relies heavily on petrodollars and the IMF predicts the economy will expand 12.6 % this year , the fastest rate in the Middle East and North Africa . MME goes to the Southern city of Basra and takes a look at the impact of the petrodollar boom . Marketplace Middle East airs weekly at the following times  all GMT  : Thursdays : 1545 , Fridays : 0845 , Saturdays : 0615 , Sundays : 0515,1545	After years of violence and conflict , Iraq is hosting its first Arab Summit since 1990 The Iraqi Foreign Ministry says he hopes the event will help improve the country 's image Plus , MME visits Basra and takes a look at the construction boom fueled by petrodollars
CNN  -- I 'm going to be honest : I did n't expect to get excited over the new iPhone 5S . In fact , just last summer I wrote about how I had fallen out of love with my iPhone . I spoke of the thrill being gone . And even though I knew it was n't the fault of the iPhone , but iDean , it did n't make it any better . I was clearly taking my iPhone for granted . In fact , I found myself checking out other phones -- sneaking a glimpse at my best friend 's Samsung Galaxy . I even would Google images of the new BlackBerry when I was home alone . But the new iPhone 5S has changed all that . I dare say it 's making me fall back in love with the iPhone . And it appears I 'm not alone ; a record 9 million-plus new iPhones were sold on the first weekend they were available . Another view : Why I 'll never ditch my BlackBerry Look , how could anyone resist the new iPhone 5S ? It 's the gold standard for smartphones -- and in fact it comes in gold . That color phone is for sale on Ebay for $ 1,500 , slightly higher than an actual ounce of gold . The new iPhone may look the same as the old one on the outside , but just like the guys from "  Duck Dynasty " have taught us , just because things look the same , it does n't mean they are . The new iPhone boasts a faster processor , an updated camera and even a Touch ID fingerprint system for better security . While I do n't have the new iPhone yet , its rollout has made me appreciate my older iPhone and the great times we had together . Like when it helped me find my way with its "  maps app " when my older GPS had lost satellite reception because it was "  too cloudy . " Or when an iPhone app became a white noise machine helping me sleep me on a long plane flight . And , of course , I ca n't thank my iPhone enough for all the hours it spent with me in the bathroom as a replacement for reading a newspaper . In fact , the iPhone 5S is making me forget about all the arguments I had with Siri . And when I say "  arguments , " I mean me yelling at my iPhone because Siri kept nagging me with comments like : "  Sorry , Dean , I do n't understand what you 're asking . " BlackBerry : Why breaking up is hard to do Is the BlackBerry better than the iPhone ? It 's like comparing "  Honey Boo Boo " with HBO 's "  Newsroom . " Sure , "  Honey Boo Boo " may be popular , but watching it will make you dumber . The iPhone has been a big part of my life for more than six years . And during that time we have shared so many great moments , which are all conveniently stored as photos in my iPhone . So keep your BlackBerrys , Androids and Galaxys . I 'm an iPhone man and will likely be one for years to come , and not just because of the $ 350 early termination fee . I may not be perfect , but iDean appreciate loyalty and I appreciate the inner and outer beauty of my iPhone . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Dean Obeidallah .	Dean Obeidallah : The new iPhone 5S has rekindled my enthusiasm for the devices He says the iPhone has been his companion , resource , chronicler for years Obeidallah says he wants a gold-colored phone , looks forward to its new features
Washington  CNN  Iranian and American negotiators preparing to square off in Geneva next week over Iran 's nuclear ambitions will also be eying another showdown brewing in Washington . One year after a Republican-led coalition in the Senate came up just short of a deal , GOP lawmakers are poised to wield their new power in the Senate to push a bill authorizing additional sanctions against Iran . But the new 54-member majority does n't guarantee that Republicans can muster the 67 votes they need to override a presidential veto , and the fight is already underway for the votes that could fill the gap . With fewer than two months until diplomats ' March 1 framework agreement deadline , and expecting the White House to start knocking on swing senators ' doors , supporters know the clock is ticking to pass a sanctions bill they say will ratchet up pressure on Iran . But for opponents of additional sanctions , the ticking is more like a time bomb as a sanctions bill will torpedo negotiations and set the U.S. on a path to war with Iran , they claim . For Sen. Mark Kirk , the Republican half of the Kirk-Menendez sanctions bill he has pushed for the last three years , the sooner a sanctions bill hits the Senate floor , the better -- both politically and policy-wise . "  If the Senate was allowed to vote tomorrow , I would be able to get two-thirds , " Kirk said Sunday in a phone interview . "  Now is the time to put pressure on Iran especially with oil prices so low . We are uniquely advantaged at this time to shut down this nuclear program . " Sen. Lindsey Graham  R-South Carolina  , another major proponent of the legislation , told CNN last month the Kirk-Menendez bill "  will come up for a vote in January , " a pledge he made the same day to Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu in a meeting in Jerusalem . Kirk said he backed that timing but insisted that it depends on Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell . A McConnell spokesman called the legislation "  a priority , " but said there is n't yet a schedule for a sanctions bill . Republicans have been clamoring for additional sanctions on Iran , but with control of Congress in their hands , Republican lawmakers will also have to own the consequences of sanctions legislation -- which the President , State Department and Iranian officials have warned could derail negotiations . "  We have long believed that Congress should not consider any new sanctions while negotiations are underway , in order to give our negotiators the time and space they need to fully test the current diplomatic opportunity . New sanctions threaten the diplomatic process currently underway , " a senior administration official told CNN . The Kirk-Menendez bill that died in the Senate last year would reimpose sanctions on Iran if Obama could n't certify that Iran does n't finance terror groups that have attacked Americans and would keep Iran from maintaining low-level nuclear enrichment in a final deal , just a few terms that are much stricter than the current framework for negotiations between Iran and the P5 +1 world powers . Those congressional provisions are "  poison pills , " according to Dylan Williams , head of government affairs at J Street , a group that bills itself as pro-Israel . It lobbied heavily on the issue last year and is ramping up for another forceful push . "  All of these things are poison pills , far from the clean sanctions , just-if-things-go-wrong idea , " Williams said . "  We know that many if not most of the people pushing for legislation do n't want diplomacy to work . " J Street challenges the Israel lobby from within Kirk has already been working with Sen. Bob Menendez , of New Jersey , his Democratic partner on the bill , to rework some of its language -- changes that could potentially draw more Democratic support . The pair are still working on final language for the bill , which drew 59 cosponsors last year , though Kirk said he is working to stave off as many changes as possible -- "  The more changes , the worse , " he said . The Illinois Republican expects a high-profile challenge from the White House and its allies , but he will be getting his own backup from some Capitol Hill heavyweights : the American-Israel Public Affairs Committee , or AIPAC , which typically spends more than $ 2.5 million a year on lobbying , according to the Center for Responsive Politics . "  I think they 're pretty damned strong . This would be the No. 1 thing for them , " Kirk said of AIPAC . Intense lobbying from AIPAC could help the sanctions supporters win back the four Democrats who joined 13 others in cosponsoring the sanctions bill last year , but later backtracked their support . Sens. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York , Joe Manchin of West Virginia , Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut and Chris Coons of Delaware rejected the idea of moving forward amid negotiations after the White House and allies made its push on Capitol Hill to keep the measure from a floor vote . "  I did not sign it with the intention that it would ever be voted upon or used upon while we were negotiating , " Manchin said on MSNBC after Obama talked about Iran in his State of the Union address . "  I signed it because I wanted to make sure the president had a hammer if he needed it and showed them how determined we were to do it and use it if we had to . " After talks failed to materialize into an agreement by the November 2014 deadline , some Democrats have started to lose patience with the stop-and-stall pace of negotiations with Iran and are facing pressure from groups like AIPAC to support a sanctions bill , though the White House insists the negotiations have yielded tangible results : rolling back Iran 's nuclear program during negotiations . But even if Kirk , Menendez and their allies can pressure those four Democrats into signing on , they will need to pull three more Senate Democrats who did n't cosponsor the bill last year to secure the 15 Democrats needed to override a presidential veto . And they wo n't just be targeted by AIPAC . A coalition of dove organizations is already putting the gears in motion for what they expect to be the toughest battle yet on this issue , and while they 're clear-eyed about the uphill climb they face , they dismiss the overconfident stride of pro-sanctions leaders . These groups will look to paint any new sanctions as a step onto the warpath with Iran and show wary Democrats that they have the grassroots backing to stave off attacks from groups like AIPAC . Clinton defends Obama on Iran talks More than 400 faith leaders and activists traveled to D.C. in late November to lobby Congress against the sanctions in a day of action organized by the Friends Committee on National Legislation , a Quaker-founded organization , and the group plans to drive its 50,000 supporters to flood Congress with calls and letters in the weeks ahead . "  The real trick that we have to do is really to make that opposition -- both in the public and that opposition on the Hill -- to really make it become public and to amplify those voices , " said Kate Gould , the group 's lead lobbyist on the issue . "  Because right now you hear from , it 's Lindsey Graham and  Marco  Rubio , who are very confident in their prognosis and have made it sound like it 's inevitable that these sanctions will pass with a veto-proof majority . " To accomplish that , FCNL has worked with other groups like J Street and about 70 other groups in an expanding coalition opposing the sanctions in an effort to paint the debate not as a benchmark for support for Israel , but rather what Gould calls a "  wider , anti-war issue " that resonates with a war-weary public . That 's where groups like VoteVets.org come in . The group , which represents more than 400,000 pro-peace veterans and their families , is looking to drive home the risks and repercussions of war . "  As a veteran I was sent to Iraq and you know there are still ambiguous causes for that conflict . We rushed in with bad intel and it could have been a very avoidable situation , " said Garett Reppenhagen , who leads the group 's grassroots effort against the sanctions bill . "  I know firsthand the consequences of failed negotiations . "	Republicans are poised to wield their new Senate majority to push new Iran sanctions But the fight is n't won as a presidential veto looms and opponents gear up to stave off a veto-proof majority Republicans will need 15 Democrats to sign on for a veto-proof majority , including 7 who backed off last year or did n't sign on at all
Philadelphia  CNN  -- The National Football League attempted on Tuesday to dismiss more than 200 cases brought by nearly 4,200 retired players who said they were not warned of the dangers of head trauma . U.S. District Court Judge Anita Brody delayed a ruling on the request . "  I will rule when I sort this out for myself , " she said before adjourning the packed courtroom . The class-action lawsuit could determine the league 's role in caring for players with football-related neurodegenerative diseases . The players accuse the NFL of "  deliberately and fraudulently " concealing the dangers of head trauma , and are seeking damages , treatment and medical monitoring for neurological injuries they sustained during their careers . The suit alleges the league did n't do enough to warn players that they risked permanent brain damage if they played too soon after a concussion and that it hid evidence about the risks for decades . Brody listened intently and asked a series of questions of both camps ' high-profile representation during the hearing . Former NFL player wants brain studied Paul Clement , former U.S. solicitor general during the George W. Bush administration , represented the NFL . David Frederick , who has argued a number of Supreme Court cases , spoke for the retired player plaintiffs . High profile attorney Ted Wells , who 's represented former Dick Cheney adviser I. Lewis "  Scooter " Libby , among others , was observing Tuesday 's arguments . Wells is one of the lead trial attorneys who will be representing the NFL should this case go to trial . The collective bargaining agreements players signed with their respective teams also apply to the NFL , Clement argued , adding that players receive benefits . "  This is an unusual industry , " Clement said , adding that unlike most corporations , the union , clubs and league "  are worried about players . " "  This is a case about workplace safety , " he added . In contrast , Frederick argued passionately that the NFL does not have immunity in all cases , especially those players who played while collectively bargaining agreements were in limbo from 1987 to 1993 . Moreover , the NFL actively concealed the risks associated with repetitive impacts to the head , he said . The league did n't do anything about the injuries because they "  did n't cause bleeding or broken bones , " he said . "  The NFL had held itself out to be the guarantor of safety . ... When the NFL began to glorify and monetize violence on the field , its breached its duty of due care . " A tale of two former NFL players and their brains Last April , Alex Karras , the former Detroit Lions standout who starred in the 1980s sitcom "  Webster , " joined hundreds of former NFL players suing the league over concussion-related injuries . Karras , who also played the horse-punching Mongo in the 1974 movie "  Blazing Saddles , " served as lead plaintiff for what was then the 12th concussion-related complaint filed against the NFL by the Locks Law Firm in Philadelphia . Since then , the suits have been consolidated . He died in October following a battle with dementia , kidney disease , heart disease and stomach cancer . The suits claim that plaintiffs suffer from neurological problems after sustaining traumatic impacts to the head . Karras , for instance , "  sustained repetitive traumatic impacts to his head and/or concussions on multiple occasions " during his NFL career , and "  suffers from various neurological conditions and symptoms related to the multiple head traumas , " according to the suit , filed before his death . Last year , Karras ' wife and "  Webster " co-star Susan Clark said his dementia "  prevents him from doing everyday activities , such as driving , cooking , sports fishing , reading books and going to big events or traveling . " "  His constant complaint is dizziness -- the result of multiple concussions , " she said in a statement . "  What Alex wants is for the game of football to be made safer and allow players and their families to enjoy a healthier , happier retirement . " Critics say players traded the risk of injury for gridiron glory , while the NFL asserts there 's a shared risk in playing football . Former running back Dorsey Levens said Tuesday he knows a thing or two about "  having my bell rung . " "  We did n't know better . It 's plain and simple , " said Levens , who played for Green Bay and Philadelphia . "  We knew there 'd be some aches and pains , some joints and some ligaments , that may be damaged , and we signed up for that , fine . ... Not being able to remember , I did n't sign up for that . " NFL spokesman Greg Aiello told CNN at the time the suits were filed that , "  any allegation that the NFL intentionally sought to mislead players has no merit . " "  It stands in contrast to the league 's actions to better protect players and advance the science and medical understanding of the management and treatment of concussions , " Aiello wrote in an e-mail . "  The NFL has long made player safety a priority and continues to do so . " NFL Players Association , Harvard planning $ 100 million player study But , said players ' attorney Gene Locks at the time , "  the NFL  had knowledge they did n't share with the players and did n't add the knowledge to the playing rules to protect players from head injuries . What we want is for the league to stand up and be counted , and examine everyone and provide medical benefits to everyone . " In recent years , the NFL has attempted to strengthen rules that govern player conduct on the field , adding sideline medical staff -- unaffiliated with the teams -- in an effort to more independently evaluate injured players . In 2005 , the league banned the practice of tackling a player by grabbing his shoulder pads , a move commonly referred to as a "  horse-collar " tackle , after concluding it commonly resulted in injury . It also recently strengthened a 1979 rule that prohibits players from using their helmets to butt , or "  spear " players during a tackle -- a rule that critics had often complained lacked official enforcement . Players such as Pittsburgh Steelers linebacker James Harrison have since faced hefty and repeated fines for helmet-first tackles . Others have called for added protections , however , following a series of high-profile incidents involving former players ' health . In May 2011 , scientists announced that an autopsy of the brain of former Chicago Bears safety David Duerson , 50 , who died from a self-inflicted gunshot wound , showed evidence of "  moderately advanced " chronic traumatic encephalopathy , or CTE . NFL linebacker Junior Seau -- who also took his own life last May -- suffered from a neurodegenerative brain disease that can develop from concussions known as chronic traumatic encephalopathy or CTE . CTE is a degenerative , dementia-like brain disease linked to repeated brain trauma . The disease has been found in the brains of 33 of 34 former NFL players , including Duerson , studied at the Boston University School of Medicine Center for the Study of Traumatic Encephalopathy as of last May . Their cases share a common thread -- repeated concussions , sub-concussive blows to the head , or both . Scan may detect signs of NFL players ' brain disease A brain with CTE is riddled with dense clumps of a protein called tau . Under a microscope , tau appears as brown tangles that look similar to dementia . But the cases of CTE have shown this progressive , dementia-like array in players well in advance of a typical dementia diagnosis , which typically occurs when people are in their 70s or 80s . Several NFL players , including LaMar Campbell and Thomas Jones , have said they want to donate their brains for research upon their deaths . So does Kevin Turner , a former fullback for Philadelphia and New England . Turner suffers from ALS , or amyotrophic lateral sclerosis , also known as Lou Gehrig 's disease . Turner believes the ALS results from blows to the head he received while in the NFL . He also wants to donate his spinal cord after he dies . Judge Brody did not indicate how long it would take for a final decision on whether or not the suit goes to trial . But Turner said he and others ca n't wait too long for a ruling . CNN 's Sunny Hostin , Rachel Wells , Ashley Hayes , Jason Hanna , David Ariosto , Michael Martinez and Thom Patterson contributed to this report .	More than 4,000 former players say they were n't warned of head trauma dangers A judge has delayed ruling on the NFL 's request The players want damages , treatment and medical monitoring Researchers are making strides in the study of the brain disease CTE
CNN  -- Discrimination against women and girls takes a staggering toll around the world , says author Sheryl WuDunn . It leads to as many as 100 million fewer females than males in the world . Ending the oppression of women is the great moral challenge of the 21st Century , a cause she compares to fighting slavery in the 19th century and totalitarianism in the 20th Century . WuDunn , a former reporter for The New York Times who is now an investment banker , and her husband , Times columnist Nicholas Kristof , wrote "  Half the Sky , " a book focusing on the role of women in the world . She spoke about their findings at the TED Global conference in Oxford in July and in an interview with CNN . Watch an interview with Sheryl WuDunn During their time as correspondents in China , WuDunn and Kristof learned of the phenomenon of an estimated 30 million "  missing " baby girls in the nation . WuDunn says part of the gap could be attributed to infanticide by families who were determined to have a male child under China 's one-child policy and in part to the development of the sonogram . That medical device can be used to determine the gender of a child before birth , prompting some parents to obtain abortions . "  One peasant in the southern part of China once told us , ` The sonogram 's great , we do n't need to have baby girls any more . ' " TED.com : Radical women embrace tradition The problem is not limited to China ; WuDunn says there are between 60 million and 100 million missing females in the world , even though women outnumber men in some more developed nations . The solutions , she says , are education and economic opportunity . Overpopulation is one of the larger contributors to poverty , WuDunn said . "  When you educate a girl , she has significantly fewer kids . " Girls who go to school get married later in life and educate their children "  in a more enlightened way . " WuDunn says her work is not just about helping reveal the plight of women and girls in many countries , it 's also about helping provide the groundwork for a movement to solve the problem . In the Western world , where many people have all their material needs satisfied , it 's an obligation to reach out and help others , she says . TED.com : Eve Ensler on embracing your inner girl WuDunn told the story of an American aid worker in Darfur who had seen great suffering but never broke down . On a vacation back in the United States , she visited her grandmother and noticed a bird feeder in the backyard . "  She was in her grandmother 's backyard and she basically broke down . And she realized that not only was she able to feed and clothe and house herself but also see that people in her country were able to feed wild birds so that they do n't go hungry in the winter . She knew that with that luck and fortune also comes great responsibility . " Here are excerpts from "  Half the Sky : Turning Oppression into Opportunity for Women Worldwide " by Nicholas D. Kristof and Sheryl WuDunn : "  So let us be clear about this up front : We hope to recruit you to join an incipient movement to emancipate women and fight global poverty by unlocking women 's power as economic catalysts . That is the process under way -- not a drama of victimization but of empowerment , the kind that transforms bubbly teenage girls from brothel slaves into successful businesswomen . This is a story of transformation . It is change that is already taking place , and change that can accelerate if you 'll just open your heart and join in . ... "  The tide of history is turning women from beasts of burden and sexual playthings into full-fledged human beings . The economic advantages of empowering women are so vast as to persuade nations to move in that direction . "  Before long , we will consider sex slavery , honor killings and acid attacks as unfathomable as foot-binding . The question is how long that transformation will take and how many girls will be kidnapped into brothels before it is complete -- and whether each of us will be part of that historical movement , or a bystander . "	Sheryl WuDunn : Tens of millions of girls die young or are n't born due to discrimination Educating girls and giving them economic opportunity could transform the world , she says Girls who are educated have fewer children and educate them better , she says WuDunn : Those who have their material needs satisfied should aid women around the world
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. Marine videotaped throwing a puppy over a cliff while on patrol in Iraq has been kicked out of the Corps , and a second Marine involved has been disciplined , according to a statement released by the Marines . YouTube.com removed the video for violating the Web site 's terms of use . Lance Cpl. David Motari , based in Hawaii with the 1st Battalion , 3rd Marine Regiment , is being "  processed for separation " and received non-judicial punishment , officials said in the statement Wednesday night . The Marine Corps would not specify what that punishment was because of privacy regulations . The statement said Motari received the punishment for his role in the "  episode which generated international attention . " The incident appeared on the Internet web site YouTube in March , sparking outrage from animal rights groups around the world . In the video , Motari is seen throwing the dog off a cliff as it yelps . A second Marine , San Diego-based Sgt. Crismarvin Banez Encarnacion , received non-judicial punishment as well . Janice Hagar , a spokeswoman for the Marines in San Diego , said Encarnacion shot the video . Marine officials at the Pentagon would not disclose the severity of the disciplinary action against Encarnacion , also because of privacy regulations . CNN did not receive a response from the Marine Corps in San Diego to questions about the case . The statement said the Marines conducted an investigation as soon as the YouTube video came to the attention of commanders . "  The actions seen in the Internet video are contrary to the high standards we expect of every Marine and will not be tolerated , " according to the statement . On the video , Motari smiles as he is holding the puppy and then hurls the dog over a cliff . An unknown person operating the video cameras is heard laughing and another voice saying "  that 's mean , Motari . " In a statement , the Humane Society of the United States applauded the Marine Corps ' decision to punish those involved . "  The bad actors in this case have been dealt with by the Marine Corps , which rightly recognizes that harming animals is unacceptable conduct , " said Dale Bartlett , the group 's deputy manager for animal cruelty issues . "  Now , the Department of Defense and the Congress must step up protection from cruelty for all animals under the law governing military conduct . "	Hawaii-based Lance Cpl. David Motari is being "  processed for separation " Motari was seen on video tossing a puppy off a cliff while on patrol in Iraq Second Marine , who filmed the incident , was also disciplined
CNN  -- Most people would struggle to place it on a map , but Socotra is one of the world 's last unspoiled island chains -- an archipelago off the coast of Yemen that has wildlife so diverse it has been described as the Galapagos of the Indian Ocean . Its isolation lends Socotra a bucolic serenity and has blessed it with an array of unique animals and plants . A third of Socotra 's 825 plant species , 90 % of its reptile species and 95 % of its land snail species do not occur anywhere else in the world , according to UNESCO , which added the archipelago to its World Heritage List for its natural beauty . German photographer Claudius Schulze had been fascinated by Socotra since reading about it in a magazine , but he was led there by an old proverb . "  I had a project that did n't work out and we have a proverb in Germany about being ` ready for the island ' if you are exhausted -- so I thought it was time to go to Socotra , " he said . "  I started looking up flights and applying for a visa straight away . " When Schulze , 27 , finally made it there he was captivated by both the scenery and the people he met . "  It blew my mind . It 's incredibly amazing and other-wordly , " he said . "  The landscape is bizarre , with mountains , valleys that cut 600 meters into the landscape , moon-like desert plains and huge sand-dunes and endemic plants that are completely different from anything I 've seen . " The archipelago has four islands , of which one is uninhabited and two others have only 450 and 100 residents respectively . Schulze visited only the main island , also called Socotra , which covers an area of 3,625 square kilometers . He has published a book of photographs and the story of his travels , called "  Socotra , an island . " The tribal Bedouin people of Socotra live mostly from goat herding , date plantations and fishing . The population of the islands is estimated at 44,000 , according to the Socotra Governance and Biodiversity Project  SGBP  . However , Schulze said there appeared to be far fewer people , with official figures including many who now live elsewhere . Although the official language is Arabic , most people speak an unwritten Socotri language of pre-Islamic origin , according to the SGBP . Also on Inside the Middle East : Qatar 's first female Olympians Schulze received hospitality from the Bedouin people of Socotra , staying in their homes and eating with them , but said he was never quite able to bridge the cultural divide he felt . "  I discovered I was alien to the people and they were alien to me , " he said . "  They were extremely hospitable , they welcomed me in their houses and I had tea with the village elders , but there was an invisible world of extreme cultural difference . " Schulze said he also witnessed the devastating impact of industrial fishing on the island 's small boats . "  I was a guest of fishermen on the coast and there were days when they did n't catch anything so there was nothing to eat but yesterday 's bread , " he said . "  They are often victim of pirate European fishing trawlers illegally depleting their stocks , because neither Yemen nor  nearby  Somalia has effective coast guard to stop them . "  I realized for the first time what overfishing means . It 's not about running out of tuna in 10 years ' time , it means people will starve now because they do n't get their daily fish . " Also on Inside the Middle East : Auctions celebrate art of the Islamic world He visited Socotra three times over a year , each time for three weeks , in order to see it in different seasons . Schulze has been unable to return to Socotra with his finished book , and a lack of a postal system makes it impossible to send it there . However , he has presented the book to members of the Friends of Socotra , an international group composed mainly of scientists interested in the unique biodiversity and culture of the islands . In addition to its endemic plants , reptiles and snails , Socotra has 192 species of land and sea birds , including many threatened species , and diverse marine life , according to UNESCO . The SGBP says the local population has developed strong traditional rules to protect the island 's natural resources because of its isolated position and history of self-sufficiency . Schulze 's book is available through his website and at selected bookshops listed on the site .	Socotra , off the coast of Yemen , has been described as the Galapagos of the India Ocean Photographer Claudius Schulze visited in search of adventure and exploration He has produced a photography book of his travels in Socotra
CNN  -- Gary Ribble would not be able to read this story if not for people like you . Ribble , who has chronic lymphocytic leukemia in addition to severe diabetes and impaired hearing , needed new eyeglasses last spring but could n't afford them after losing a job he 'd held for more than 40 years . Then he found out about the Modest Needs Foundation . The grass-roots charity pools thousands of small donations to help people get through short-term financial crises . Donors direct their dollars to the requests they want to fund . "  I need these glasses very badly or I will have to stop doing a lot of what I do : reading , writing , and working with my computer ; I just ca n't see that well at all , " Ribble wrote in his request . Eleven visitors to modestneeds.org pitched in , and within a week Ribble , who lives in a trailer in Nappanee , Indiana , received a $ 364 check that changed his life . "  When I found my message from Modest Needs today that help was on the way , I cried a few tears of happiness knowing that I would be able to see again , " he wrote in a thank you note . Stories like that make Modest Needs Foundation founder and CEO Keith Taylor giddy . "  It is so much fun to read these testimonials , " Taylor said . "  It 's like Christmas every day . " People often do n't realize how powerful just 10 or 20 dollars can be , Taylor said . In many cases , a small amount can stop a crisis in its tracks . "  It 's wonderful to see what this does for people , " Taylor said . "  You do n't find out until after the fact what kind of an impact these little contributions that people are making ; ... you have no idea what kind of a change you really are making in the person 's life . " Cady Stanton , a graduate student at Pennsylvania State University , gave $ 20 to help fund Ribble 's request . "  Glasses are such a small thing , right ? " she said . "  I mean , the man 's worked 40-some years and he has cancer . The least he should be able to do is have some glasses . Our social contract with our country -- we should have glasses . I mean , come on . It 's not that big of a deal . " Ribble wrote a beautiful thank you note that was passed along to the donors . Stanton keeps a copy of it on her desk . "  Your generosity overwhelms me and I just ca n't say in words how very happy I am and I thank God that someone cared enough for a disabled man , in a very hardship situation , to help me out to see better , " the note read in part . Taylor founded the site seven years ago out of a similar sense of gratitude . One evening in 2002 he was marveling at how happy his life was , and remembered a few singular acts of kindness that had helped him get there . For example , while in graduate school in Tennessee , he incurred a car repair bill that used up his rent money . His boss at his part-time job at a movie theater paid the rent for him -- not a loan , a gift . As he reflected on his good fortune , Taylor pledged , "  When I 'm really rich I 'm going to start an organization to help the working poor . " That 's when his "  aha ! " moment came . "  It occurred to me all of a sudden that no one who had ever helped me had ever been wealthy , they had just been nice . They 'd just had compassion , " he said . Taylor decided to set aside $ 350 to help one individual per month get through a crisis . He created a crude Web site inviting requests , expecting his effort to remain small , personal and obscure -- "  on the millionth page of Google . " But this was the Internet . A well-meaning friend posted a link on the widely read blog Metafilter.com , and the next day Taylor was swamped with 1,100 e-mails . Many were asking for help , some were skeptical of Taylor 's motives , and a surprising number of people wanted to contribute , he said . At first he fended off would-be donors , because his vision for the project was limited , he said . But the e-mails and offers to donate kept coming , along with more requests for help . Taylor soon incorporated Modest Needs as a nonprofit organization . Modest Needs ' first grant saved a woman 's life : It paid for a mammogram that found a tumor , Taylor said . The organization has done nothing but grow ever since . By the end of December , Taylor expects to have made $ 2.4 million in grants in 2009 . "  Every day is another miracle , " Taylor said . "  It 's beyond my imagination . " Here 's how it works : People e-mail their requests -- help with rent or a car repair or a medical bill , for example -- to Modest Needs , whose seven-person staff researches and verifies their legitimacy . The vetted requests are then posted on ModestNeeds.org , where donors can choose which ones they want to help fund . Once the funding level is reached , a check is sent out . Gift certificates are available . A donor can contribute any amount and then let the gift recipient decide where it should go . "  You 're talking about huge , huge numbers of individual people giving just a little bit of what they have to make the lives of people who have short-term emergencies a little bit better by just keeping them on track , keeping them out of the social services system altogether , " Taylor said . Those individual contributions are multiplied by matching grants from larger donors , including musician and recording company executive Herb Alpert and his wife , Lani Hall Alpert . "  We really wanted to help him -LSB- Taylor -RSB- grow that community of small giving , " said Rona Sebastian , president of the Herb Alpert Foundation . The Alperts were also struck by how many Modest Needs grant recipients -- 68 percent , Taylor said -- turned around and became donors to the organization , Sebastian said . "  That was extremely exciting to us because that was something we found to be very powerful , " she said . Ribble is among those rebound donors : Despite his poverty , he donates $ 5 a month to help others through Modest Needs .	NEW : Thousands in donations pour in after story is published Keith Taylor 's gratitude for help led him to set up Web site to help the working poor People e-mail their requests -- help with rent , car repair , medical bill -- which are vetted Donors choose how much to give whom ; when goal is reached , check is sent
Atlanta , Georgia  CNN  -- Jon Petrovich greenlighted funding for CNN.com in 1994 and became known as its "  Godfather , " a title he relished as the site became the most-read news site in the world . Petrovich , a former CNN executive , died Thursday in New York after a battle with cancer and diabetes . He would have turned 64 at the end of this month . "  Jon was a big presence at our company and in the media industry , " Jim Walton , president of CNN Worldwide , said in an e-mail sent to CNN staff . "  He was a builder , an innovator and a journalist , first and last . " Petrovich was known for his impeccable tailored suits , his optimistic outlook on life and solid news judgment . He hobnobbed with the likes of Ted Turner . He just as easily struck up conversations with interns , entry-level staffers and the rank-and-file . "  He was just a good boss . He did n't interfere when you wanted to do something that had n't been tried before , " said Al Schrack , a Headline News producer in the late 1980s and who remains a producer at HLN . "  He had confidence in his team enough to allow the producers in the newsroom to be creative and come up with innovative shows . He was always open to new ideas . " Scott Woelfel , the original editor-in-chief of CNN Interactive , said he was in need of funding for the online division after a business plan was drawn up in 1994 . At the time , CNN.com had yet to launch . "  We did n't think we could set it up as an independent division of CNN then , " Woelfel said in an e-mail message . "  So we went to Jon to see if we could get it funded under Headline News . "  Even though this clearly was not an area he was familiar with , he had confidence in us and took on the big responsibility of being financially responsible for us in the early years . Who would have thought an ` old news ' guy like him would have stepped up like that ? We all owe him a lot . " It was Woelfel who gave Petrovich his nickname . "  I have called him the Godfather many times , and he always liked that . " Petrovich was brought in by Turner in the mid-1980s to run Headline News , said former CNN President Tom Johnson . Along the way , he helped create niche channels like the Airport Network and CNN en Español . "  In so many ways , Jon Petrovich was the chief innovation executive at CNN , " Johnson said . "  With a terrific staff , he helped to create so many of the new services of the news group . CNN.com was only one of his historic innovations . " He spent 15 years at CNN , where he became an executive vice president . Before joining the network , he worked his way through the ranks of local stations . He was a reporter in Louisville , Kentucky , earned his stripes on an assignment desk in Detroit and got his taste of news directing in Baltimore . After leaving CNN in 2000 , he continued to excel . He oversaw international networks for Sony Television and became the head of U.S. broadcast operations for The Associated Press in 2007 . He also was a professor for the Medill School of Journalism at Northwestern University . A man of humble roots in Gary , Indiana , Petrovich loved food and fine dining . Most of all , he was a family man known to boast about his two children around his colleagues -- and more recently , dote on his grandchildren . He leaves behind his wife , Karen , who was his high school sweetheart ; and two grown children , Kristin and Jonathan . "  He once told me , ` If I die tomorrow , I 'm OK with that . I 've been blessed . I 've seen the world and have a great family , ' " his nephew Ron Petrovich said in an online message . CNN 's Walton added , "  Jon helped lay CNN 's foundation and he leaves a great many friends here . Our thoughts are of him and with his family . "	Former CNN executive who greenlighted funding for CNN.com has died Jon Petrovich was 63 ; he had battled cancer and diabetes He pushed colleagues to try new things and was respected among rank-and-file "  He was a builder , an innovator and a journalist "
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Five Americans arrested in Pakistan on suspicion of plotting terror attacks claimed again Tuesday they are being tortured in jail . The suspects wrote their claims on tissue paper that they threw to reporters from a van that drove them to a court hearing . "  Since our arrest , the U.S.A. , FBI , and Pakistani police have tortured us . They are trying to set us up . We are innocent . They are trying to keep us away from the public , media , our families and our lawyer . Help us ! " The note contained the first names of all five suspects . The five men worshipped together at a mosque in Alexandria , Virginia , until they went missing in November and turned up in Pakistan . They are accused by Pakistani authorities of being connected to terror organizations and plotting attacks . They were arrested in the small city of Sargodha , about 120 miles south of Islamabad , in December . The five are identified as Ahmed Abdullah Minni , Umar Farooq , Aman Hassan Yemer , Waqar Hussain Khan and Ramy Zamzam . The five first claimed at a court hearing in January that they had been tortured in jail . At that time Muhammad Ameer Khan Rokhri , the former defense lawyer for the accused , said the court ordered medical checkups for them . Richard Snelsire , spokesman for the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad told CNN that the United States categorically denies and rejects any claims of torture . Pakistani police have also denied the claims . A prosecutor was scheduled to submit a charging sheet to the court at the hearing Tuesday that would allow the suspects to be charged with specific crimes . However , the hearing was adjourned without the prosecutor taking that action . Another hearing was scheduled for February 16 . The suspects include two Pakistani-Americans , two Yemeni-Americans and an Egyptian-American . CNN 's Reza Sayah and Nasir Habib contributed to this report	Suspects wrote claims on tissue paper that was thrown to reporters Five men worshipped at same Alexandria , Virginia , mosque The men were arrested in Pakistan in December U.S. , Pakistan reject claims of torture
CNN  -- NASCAR driver Tony Stewart wo n't face charges in connection with the on-track death of sprint car racer Kevin Ward Jr. , a New York district attorney announced Wednesday . Stewart , a three-time NASCAR top series champion , was driving a dirt-track car when the right rear tire hit Ward , who was walking on the track as cars slowly circled during a break in an Empire Super Sprints series race August 9 in Canandaigua , New York . Ward , 20 , died of massive blunt trauma before paramedics could get him to a hospital . The Ontario County District Attorney said a grand jury found no reason to charge Stewart . "  After listening to and questioning all the witnesses and reviewing all of the evidence , the grand jury has decided that there is no evidence to charge Tony Stewart with any crimes , " District Attorney Michael Tantillo told reporters . He said he thought the fact that Ward came down the track into an area where cars were still moving played a big factor in the grand jury 's decision . The 23 members of the Ontario County grand jury heard testimony for almost two days from more than two dozen witnesses and reviewed photos and two videos before making their decision , Tantillo added . They took about an hour to deliberate , he said . "  While the process was long and emotionally difficult , it allowed for all the facts of the accident to be identified and known , " Stewart said through a press release . "  While much of the attention has been on me , it 's important to remember a young man lost his life . Kevin Ward Jr. 's family and friends will always be in my thoughts and prayers . " Ward , who exited his car after he and Stewart were involved in a racing incident that left Ward 's car wrecked near the top wall of the track , was under the influence of marijuana that night , the district attorney said . "  The levels that were determined were enough to impair his judgment , " Tantillo said , citing toxicology evidence . Ward 's family indicated it might pursue a civil case and said Stewart was to blame for the accident . "  Our son got out of his car during a caution , while the race was suspended , " the family said in a written statement . "  All other vehicles were reducing speed and not accelerating except for Tony Stewart , who intentionally tried to intimidate Kevin by accelerating and sliding his car towards him causing this tragedy . The focus should be on actions of Mr. Stewart and not Kevin . This matter is not at rest and we will pursue all remedies in fairness to Kevin . " After Ward exited his car , he stormed down the track , apparently to confront Stewart . One car avoided hitting Ward but as Stewart passed close by his tire struck Ward , slinging him down the track . The videos showed Stewart drove a "  pretty straight " course until he hit Ward , Tantillo said . "  The videos did not demonstrate any aberrational driving by Tony Stewart until the point of impact with Kevin Ward , at which point his vehicle veered to the right up the track as a result of the collision , " the district attorney said . Stewart could have faced charges of second-degree manslaughter or criminally negligent homicide . He was interviewed the night of the race by a certified drug recognition expert who determined Stewart was n't under the influence . "  There are no winners in tragedy . Our thoughts and prayers remain with the Kevin Ward Jr. family and Tony Stewart as they all cope with this tragic incident at Canandaigua Motorsports Park , " NASCAR spokesman Brett Jewkes said in a written statement . "  This has been a difficult time for everyone involved and we have respected the local authorities responsible for reviewing this case . " CNN 's Christie Bear , Rob Frehse and Jill Martin contributed to this report .	Family of Kevin Ward Jr. still blames Stewart , indicates might pursue other legal options Ward Jr. was killed during a break in a dirt-track race when he was hit by Stewart 's car Ward was under the influence of marijuana , district attorney says Stewart says he will keep Ward in his thoughts
CNN  -- Mexican authorities found an abandoned van containing 14 bodies along a highway in the central city San Luis Potosi Thursday . The victims -- all men -- appeared to have been kidnapped and killed , said Gabriela Gonzalez Chong , a spokeswoman for San Luis Potosi state prosecutors . Investigators believe the men were kidnapped in the northern border state of Coahuila , she told CNNMexico.com . "  Everything points to this being an incidence of organized crime , " she said . 4 Mexican military officials accused of organized crime ties Mexican authorities have blamed feuding cartels for similar killings in other parts of the country . But Thursday marked the first time authorities had found such a large number of bodies in San Luis Potosi , Gonzalez said . More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence in Mexico since December 2006 , when Mexican President Felipe Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat cartels . According to Mexico 's National Human Rights Commission , more than 5,300 people have disappeared throughout the country in that same time period , and the bodies of 9,000 dead have not been identified . Officials fear the total number of missing could be far higher , because many disappearances go unreported . Violence surged in some parts of San Luis Potosi in 2010 , as turf battles increased between Mexico 's Gulf cartel and the Zetas . The Zetas started with deserters from Mexican special forces , who quickly gained a reputation for ruthless violence as hired assassins for the Gulf cartel . The partnership between the two criminal groups ended in 2010 . Report : Mexico should focus on cops , not army Feds uncover drug tunnel from Mexico to Arizona Dubbed ` La Bonita , ' alleged cartel operative arrested CNNMexico.com contributed to this report .	Official : The victims appeared to have been kidnapped and killed The attack was connected to organized crime , a prosecutor 's spokeswoman says Mexican authorities have blamed feuding cartels for similar killings
CNN  -- The Boston Marathon bombing suspect wants his day in court -- but not until late next year . Lawyers for Dzhokhar Tsarnaev have requested a trial date no earlier than September 2015 , according to a joint status report filed in federal court in Massachusetts Monday . Among other issues , the report said Tsarnaev 's lawyers have not had a chance to review the many pieces of physical evidence , "  including nearly 2,000 items that reportedly are still being analyzed by the FBI and items kept at additional locations . " The defense is also making additional discovery requests . Prosecutors said they estimate the trial would last approximately 12 weeks . If Tsarnaev is found guilty , prosecutors expect the sentencing hearing would last approximately six weeks . Jurors will not only weigh whether he 's guilty but also whether he deserves to die . Federal prosecutors said last month they 'll seek the death penalty against Tsarnaev , arguing that he acted in "  an especially heinous , cruel and depraved manner " and lacks remorse . Tsarnaev is charged with 30 federal counts stemming from the April 15 attack , which left three people dead and more than 250 others injured . Tsarnaev has pleaded not guilty to all charges . Authorities allege Tsarnaev , a Chechnya-born American , and his brother , Tamerlan , planted two homemade bombs near the finish line of the marathon , then killed a Massachusetts Institute of Technology police officer three days later . The attacks triggered the massive manhunt that led to Tsarnaev 's capture . Police shot and killed Tamerlan Tsarnaev during the manhunt . For victims , death penalty decision a ` step forward '	Boston Marathon bombing suspect trial asks for trial late next year Defense says it needs time to review copious amounts of evidence Prosecutors say a trial could last three months in federal court filing
CNN  -- Pfizer is recalling an additional 38,000 bottles of the cholesterol-fighting drug Lipitor after reports of an odor linked to the packaging bottles , the drug company said in a statement . The recall will affect Lipitor 40 mg tablets  atorvastatin calcium  distributed in the United States . The company said the bottles were supplied by a third-party manufacturer . "  We have thoroughly evaluated the root cause , which is episodic exposure of the bottles to low levels of TBA  tribromoanisole  as they are shipped or stored , " Pfizer said . The company said the rate of odor complaints was fewer than three per million bottles . Earlier this year , Pfizer recalled of more than 190,000 bottles of Lipitor due to similar odor-related complaints . "  Research indicates that a major source of TBA appears to be 2 , 4 , 6-tribromoanisole  TBP  , a chemical used as a wood preservative , " the company said . "  Although TBP often is applied to pallets used to transport and store a variety of products , Pfizer prohibits the utilization of TBP-treated wood in the shipment of its medicines . " Pfizer said a medical assessment found the risk of health consequences to patients appears to be minimal . According to the Food and Drug Administration , reports of drug contamination have been linked to a "  moldy or musty " odor in food and wine products . "  Currently available data indicate that serious adverse health effects have not resulted from ingestion of drugs or foods contaminated , " the FDA said , with such compounds at the levels of contamination that have been reported . But the agency noted another problem that could stem from contaminated drugs . "  Even if the health effects are minimal , -LSB- the -RSB- FDA is concerned that patients sensing an unusual odor that is not intrinsic to the product will stop taking their medication , " the administration said on its website . Pfizer said it does not expect a product shortage resulting from the new recall . Anyone with questions can call 1-888-LIPITOR . CNN 's Rick Martin contributed to this report .	Some bottles may have a moldy or musky odor Pfizer : The health risk is "  minimal " More than 190,000 bottles of Lipitor were recalled earlier this year
Athens , Georgia  CNN  -- Wilmot Greene sat among charred remains of his iconic Georgia Theatre recalling the fire that reduced it from an alternative rock icon to rusted steel girders and walls of black bricks . A year after an unexplained fire gutted the century-old musical cradle of bands such as R.E.M. , the B-52s , Indigo Girls and Widespread Panic , Greene still kicks himself for missing Rockinwood play the last show before the fire . He says he 'd missed only about 20 shows since buying the place in ' 04 . The fire broke out overnight and raced throughout the building . "  I got a call at about 6:45 in the morning , and by the time I got here , it was completely engulfed in flames , " Greene said . "  And that was the beginning of the longest day of my life . " Theater production manager Ric Wallace watched the roof collapse atop piles of blazing wood , leaving firefighters with few options but to let the fire burn itself out . "  It was one of those moments where the town stood still for a day , " Wallace said . "  It was a stunning day , you simply can not put words to it ... it 's a total life-changing event . " Their emotional investment in the music palace tracks back to the '80s . Greene remembers the exact day he fell in love with the Georgia Theatre -- October 1 , 1989 -- when he was still one of thousands of students at Athens ' University of Georgia . The Georgia Theatre had recently reopened as a music venue and was featuring a local band , Pylon . The theater had operated as a concert venue for three years before closing in 1981 . He went to see the show with some friends and fell in love with the place . The club had a vast open floor where hundreds of sweaty music fans would dance the night away and a balcony upstairs for those that wanted to just sit back and enjoy the show . In a college town where music is king , the Georgia Theatre is its castle . Fifteen years later , Greene owned his beloved music palace . The list of bands that graced its stage reads like the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame roster : The Dave Matthews Band , The Police and The Ramones played here . Sting and Joey Ramone hung out backstage and prepped for shows in the dressing rooms . See list of bands that have played at the Georgia Theatre R.E.M. and the B-52s ' Kate Pierson shot their 1991 video for "  Shiny Happy People " inside the theater -- joined by a cast of dozens of extras and in front of a brightly colored watercolor backdrop . R.E.M. bassist Mike Mills remembers playing the theater in the band 's earlier days . "  The Georgia Theatre was the scene of many great nights of music and fun for me , both as a player and a fan of music . We all look forward to its returning better than ever , " Mills said . Jeremy Trimmer , sax player for Six Shades Blue , remembers the theater as "  the top place to play . There was no better place . Your goal as a musician in that town was to play there . " In 2001 , John Mayer shot the video for his first big hit , "  No Such Thing , " here . Mayer played to a room full of adoring fans , and he stood in front of the theater with his name in big red letters on the signature marquee . In "  Athens Burning , " a documentary celebrating the theater and the local music scene , R.E.M. manager Bertis Downs says its size , quality and character did much to help Athens become a laboratory for new music . "  A theater of that size can really be a key part of trying to build any kind of music tourism destination . That , Athens clearly is , in a lot of ways , " said Down . The Georgia Theatre was one of those places where you could go to a show , and even if you had no idea who was playing that night , you were guaranteed to have a great time . Greene and Wallace enjoyed a meal at The Globe restaurant across East Clayton Street , where they told stories and showed their passion for the theater . To them , it was much more than just a building and a stage . It still holds memories of amazing shows and good times with friends at a place that was celebrated for bringing people together . They had an endless supply of stories centered around the building . Wilmot remembers seeing bands that would later gain national fame play the theater . "  I remember seeing Phish there one time and there were like 50 to 100 people there , and I remember thinking to myself , this band will change my life , " Wilmot said . "  I ended up following Phish around for an entire summer after that . " David Barbe remembers using the theater as a recording studio . "  Wilmot closed down the theater for a week for us to record the album ` Sand and Lines ' for Venice is Sinking . It was really Wilmot 's vision to why that record was made , " said Barbe , who heads the university 's music business program . "  It was all about the performance and the room , and it 's all about as little from the mouth to the ear as you can possibly get . I thought about that experience a lot the day of the fire . " The fire not only created a cultural void in the town , but left a big question among fans of the theater : what sparked it ? "  We know it started in the guest dressing room , but we 're not sure , " said Greene . "  It was either a cigarette , or an electric fan , or a wiring problem . We 'll probably never know . " Watch Wilmot and others tell their story about the theater In the days after the fire , Greene made the decision to rebuild . "  I knew it was something that I had to do , " he said . "  This building had been here 120 years , and I could n't let it end on my watch . " The cost to rebuild is more than $ 4 million , Greene said . Insurance got them to zero , because it only covered what was owed on the building before the fire . Georgia Trust donations site for the Georgia Theatre Although fundraising has proven difficult during a weak economy , the Athens community has been very supportive . The town 's Terrapin Beer has brewed a special series commemorating the history of the theater with proceeds going toward reconstruction . Benefit concerts have raised some money , most notably a Zac Brown show at Atlanta 's Fox Theatre last year . But Greene and Wallace still have a long way to go . They say they 've only raised $ 167,000 so far . Construction has begun on the crippled theater and they hope to have it open for concerts by spring or summer of next year . See the Georgia Theatre 's updates on rebuilding "  One of my roles in the redesign is to make it the best venue possible , not just only for customers , but the musicians , too , " Wallace said . "  We see the musicians as our customers just as the audience is . " From Wilmot 's perspective , it 's about returning to what he says is the greatest thing about owning a music theater : "  Seeing the look of joy on people 's faces . It 's a religious experience . "	Fire gutted alt-rock cradle of bands such as R.E.M. and B-52s in Athens , Georgia , in 2009 Insurance only covered what was owed before ; new building codes have raised costs Wilmot Greene : "  This building had been here 120 years , and I could n't let it end on my watch "
CNN  -- Lawyers for groups opposed to same-sex marriage in California petitioned to reverse a federal appeals court order that OK 'd the resumption of such unions -- doing so a day after that ruling . Attorneys applied Saturday to the U.S. Supreme Court for "  an immediate order vacating " a decision Friday by the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , according to copies of the document from ProtectMarriage.com and the Alliance Defending Freedom . That appeals court Friday lifted a previous injunction on same-sex marriages in California , "  effective immediately . " "  Without the immediate relief requested by this Application , the Ninth Circuit will circumvent the proper rules and procedures established by this Court , " the application says . Those on the other side of the debate , meanwhile , think the appeals court acted appropriately . "  The Ninth Circuit had broad discretion as to whether to stay the injunction pending appeal , " said Manny Rivera , a spokesman for the American Foundation for Equal Rights . "  Now that the Supreme Court has decided that the injunction against Proposition 8 must stand , it was entirely appropriate for the Ninth Circuit to dissolve its stay of that injunction . " California 's Supreme Court struck down the state 's ban on same-sex marriage in May 2008 , ruling that the state 's constitution gives "  this basic civil right to  marry to  all Californians , whether gay or heterosexual , and to same-sex couples as well as to opposite-sex couples . " But months later , 52 % of voters backed Proposition 8 to once again restrict marriages so that they can only be between a man and a woman . The measure put gay and lesbian marriages on hold , though lawsuits followed . State officials declined to stand behind Proposition 8 -- and , thus , its prohibition on gay marriage -- though private parties did step in and offer to do so . A federal appeals court later ruled that Proposition 8 was unconstitutional , though it still issued a stay on same-sex marriages until the U.S. Supreme Court could weigh in . That happened in a 5-4 decision Wednesday , when the high court dismissed an appeal of that federal court ruling on jurisdictional grounds . That meant Friday 's news -- the resumption of same-sex marriages in California -- was expected , even though it was n't known when it would happen . Supreme Court cases rest of citizens who sued , made history ProtectMarriage.com and Alliance Defending Freedom say it should n't have happened then , at the least . In their emergency application , affiliated lawyers claimed the Ninth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals "  lacked jurisdiction to issue its order purporting to dissolve the stay . " They reasoned that this appeals court was n't authorized to weigh in until the Supreme Court "  sends a certified copy of the judgment to the Ninth Circuit . " Among other arguments , the application also stated that "  permitting the Ninth Circuit to prematurely dissolve its stay order would effectively deprive petitioners of a meaningful opportunity to exercise their right to petition for rehearing . " Such petitions for the Supreme Court to reconsider a case must be filed within 25 days after a ruling has been made . It 's unclear if and/or when the high court might consider this request . Justices recently began a recess after issuing a number of pivotal rulings last week . And there 's no immediate indication it will have any impact on same-sex weddings taking place around California . Gov. Jerry Brown issued a directive on Friday telling authorities in "  58 California counties that same-sex marriage is now legal in California and that marriage licenses must be issued to same-sex couples immediately . " Attorney General Kamala Harris , in fact , performed one of the first such unions -- between Kristin Perry and Sandra Stier , who were one of the couples who sued to stop a voter-approved ban on same-sex marriage from taking effect -- at San Francisco 's City Hall . Process begins to allow federal benefits for same-sex spouses CNN 's Erica Henry contributed to this report .	Lawyers : Court should n't have lifted a stay on same-sex marriages in California They ask for "  an immediate order " vacating that decision , after which weddings resumed A gay rights spokesman says the appeals court 's actions were "  entirely proper " U.S. Supreme Court paved the way for the appeals court 's move with a ruling Wednesday
CNN  -- Two members of Force India 's Formula One team have left Bahrain after a petrol bomb was thrown at one of the marque 's cars during an anti-government protest . A vehicle carrying four members of the F1 team became caught up in a demonstration on their way back to the team 's hotel in the capital Manama after leaving the circuit where Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix will be held . The build-up to the race has been dominated by fears that civil unrest in the Gulf kingdom could have an adverse effect on safety for both teams and fans . Last year 's installment was canceled twice but the sport 's governing body confirmed on Friday the race would go ahead as planned , despite tension on the country 's streets . Bahrain circuit boss : Race not a big risk Both the Force India team and local organizers -- the Bahrain International Circuit -- were quick to stress the team 's vehicle had not been specifically targeted . "  The team was returning from the circuit last night , " Force India press officer Will Hings told CNN . "  There was some disruption on one of the highways and the vehicle was momentarily brought to a halt in the traffic jam . "  After a few minutes the incident unfolded and our crew returned to the hotel . Nobody was hurt and we were not a target . The incident was happening as we arrived but we were not the target . " Hings confirmed that two team members had returned to the UK after the incident on Wednesday evening -- one who was in the car and one who was not . He added that Force India would continue to take take guidance from Formula One 's governing body , the Federation Internationale de l'Automobile  FIA  . F1 chief Ecclestone : Sport and politics should not mix - Most teams have maintained they are happy to race in Bahrain but one of Force India 's drivers , Nico Hulkenberg , was quoted by BBC Sport as saying : "  We should n't have been put in this position . " At a demonstration on Monday in Al Dair , in the north east of Bahrain , many pro-democracy protestors carried anti-F1 slogans . More action is expected to be planned around the weekend 's event . Bernie Ecclestone , the head of Formula One , has continually insisted that sufficient security measures are in place in Bahrain and that the sport had nothing to do with the politics of the country . A statement from the Bahrain International Circuit confirmed the incident had taken place but underlined that the Force India group had not been singled out for any violence . "  They drove through an isolated incident involving a handful of illegal protestors acting violently towards police , " it read . "  During this incident a Molotov Cocktail landed in the vicinity of their vehicle . "  After approximately two minutes , the route was cleared and the vehicle carried on its journey . There were no casualties and eyewitness reports from the scene confirmed that their vehicle had not been targeted itself . "  The BIC would like to reiterate its confidence in the relevant Bahrain authorities in their ability to deal with such isolated incidents and can confirm that all the usual precautions are being taken around the track to ensure the level of security is maintained . "	Four members of Force India Formula One team caught up in Bahrain protest A petrol bomb is thrown near to vehicle returning staff from the race track One person involved in the incident has left Bahrain to return to the UK Force India say they will continue to take guidance from the sport 's governing body
The Frisky  -- Groucho Marx once famously quipped "  I do n't care to belong to a club that would have me as a member . " I sort of feel the same way about online dating sites . There has got to be a better way to meet people . Sadly , mental telepathy does not work . Unless you know what I was just thinking , in which case , e-mail me . We flock to digital artifices that both feed and coddle our egos , says writer of online dating sites . I 've recently begun ... researching popular dating sites . Not because I need a date . No ! I do n't need a date . I 'm up to my ears in hot lady action . No , this research is for you , for all of you . It 's a testament to my generosity of spirit I waded through these interweb love sewers in order to impart some sort of wisdom . Here 's the wisdom : dating sites are terrible . Possibly , if I was in prison , an Alaskan crab fisherman or a morbidly obese shut-in so humongous I had to wash myself with a ShamWow stapled to a broom handle , I could see the value in such sites . But I 'm not isolated , nor confined to a forklift . I do n't need a middleman brokering a get together between the potential woman of my dreams and my own abilities to self-sabotage and humiliate myself . I can do this without an intermediary . The Frisky : Have to go online to get a date ? This might or might not be a totally uninformed opinion . The extent of my research began and ended with me signing up for OK Cupid , and failing to finish my profile . I could n't even bring myself to pick a pseudonym , which just seemed like the first of many lies required to meet anyone . Do I call myself OptimusGandalf and admit from the get-go that I 'm an alpha nerd ? Do I overshare a little too much and pick EdgarAllanEeyore ? Or do I just admit to being a snarky , pretentious creep and go for HumbertHumbert ? The Frisky : Online dating dos and do n'ts I tried to fill out the profile , but instead , it just filled me with a quiet rage . The self-summary section was baffling . It pushed me into an existential identity crisis . Who am I ? Or more importantly , who am I when it comes to who I want someone else to think I am , so they will contact me , go out with me , and eventually kiss me ? Am I a sensitive guy , or a romantic , or sarcastic ? Maybe I 'm all three . I love long walks , going to see live indie bands , and whatever . I made sure to pepper everything with winking non-sequiturs and casual attempts at pop profundity . Then there was the section where I define myself by the books , movies , and music I listen to . My music list was a near impenetrable list of overly eclectic bands that reflect my excellent taste , punctuated by "  and Genesis . " My movies were all '80s flicks , foreign films , and David Lynch . By the time I got to books , and wrote "  Pynchon , " I was in a full-fledged state of self-loathing . The Frisky : Five online dating types to avoid Let me get this straight : I 'm going to spend a ton of time crafting a persona that is a borderline dishonest amplification of the personality traits I think other people will find attractive so I can find someone who 's done the same thing , and we can both go out and discover that we 're equally compatible idiots fakers . It 's like a masquerade party in the Twilight Zone : I take off my Brad Pitt mask just so I can reveal Sloth from "  The Goonies . " The Frisky : Downside of online dating There are , no doubt , many of you who have met the love of your life via online dating sites . Good for you . Congratulations on basically winning the lottery . I firmly believe I have a better chance of getting a girlfriend dressed like Zeus , stopping women on the street , and bellowing , "  Rut with me , mortal beauty , and feel thine mighty , fleshy thunder ! " Not that I want a girlfriend . I just broke up with six the other day . I can deal with the risks of love . The threat of heartbreak is what makes finding that one person who sparks your fuse so precious . But I have to be honest , the online dating thing freaked me out . It touched a nerve , and I 'm flummoxed as to why . The only conclusion I could come up with was that , maybe , we deserved them . Perhaps online dating sites accurately reflect a generation of singles so entitled to instant happiness and acceptance , we flock to digital artifices that both feed and coddle our egos . Virtual environments where we can indiscriminately reject dishonest projections of identity , while simultaneously being insulated from the very rejection we dole out . A play land of false romantic promises and deferred risk . A huge solipsistic waste of time . TM & © 2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Writer has trouble filling out his profile for an online dating service He figures if he is borderline dishonest about his traits , his date will be too Thinks he would be better off dressing like Zeus , bellowing on the street at women Says online dating sites draw singles who feel entitled to instant happiness
CNN  -- Sudanese President Omar Hassan al-Bashir , facing an international arrest warrant , is paying the price for pandering to the West , al Qaeda 's second-in-command said in an audio statement released Tuesday . Ayman al-Zawahiri , seen here in 2007 , said Tuesday the Sudanese president pandered to the West . "  I am not defending Omar al-Bashir or his regime , nor am I defending what it has done in Darfur and elsewhere , " Ayman al-Zawahiri said in the statement released by al Qaeda 's production company , as-Sahab Media . But , he said , "  the issue is n't one of Darfur and solving its problems ; the issue is one of making excuses for more foreign interference in the Muslims ' countries in the framework of the contemporary Zionist Crusade . " The warrant issued by the International Criminal Court earlier this month accuses al-Bashir of war crimes and crimes against humanity , charges he denies . In response , Sudan ordered 13 international aid groups to leave the country , groups that the United Nations says provide roughly half the assistance delivered in Darfur . "  The Bashir regime is reaping what it sowed , " al-Zawahiri said . "  For many long years , it continued to back down and backtrack in front of American Crusader pressure . " He further accused Sudan of expelling members of the mujahedeen who had sought refuge there , particularly Osama bin Laden , and declaring "  in an audacious lie that they had left voluntarily , then attempting to beg payment for that from the Saudi regime and the Americans . " Al-Zawahiri asked , "  Why has n't the United Nations moved to protect the Palestinians in Gaza from Israeli barbarity and criminality , while it pretends to cry over the suffering of the people of Darfur ? Why has n't the United Nations and the international community intervened to lift the siege from Gaza , while it pretends to cry over the people of Darfur being deprived of relief and aid ? " "  The Sudanese regime continued to pant for American approval , and it agreed to the division of the Sudan , paved the way for the imminent secession of the south , provided all the information it had on the emigrants and mujahedeen to the American government , and handed over some of them to the regimes of treason and criminality in their countries , " al-Zawahiri said . "  But despite all that , the senior criminals were n't satisfied with it and continued to besiege it with demands and interference , even going so far as to demand the arrest of its leaders and prominent figures . " He said he wants to send a message to Muslims in Sudan , telling them they are being targeted so that Islam can be eliminated from the country . "  And in order for Islam to be eliminated from the Sudan , a justification must be found for Western military intervention , " he said . The audio message is the fifth released this year by al-Zawahiri and the fourth in English , according to Virginia-based IntelCenter . The center said on its Web site it focuses "  on studying terrorist groups and other threat actors ... and disseminating that information in a timely manner to those who can act on it . "	Ayman al-Zawahiri says he is not defending Sudanese regime , actions in Darfur President Omar Hassan al-Bashir accused of war crimes , crimes against humanity Al-Zawahiri says Sudan expelled Osama bin Laden , other mujahedeen He further asks why U.N. cares so much about Darfur , so little about Gaza
CNN  -- An Afghan designer and former refugee has developed a low-cost , wind-powered mine detonating device inspired by the toys he played with as a child . Massoud Hassani 's Mine Kafon is composed almost entirely from bamboo and biodegradable plastics , with a skeletal structure of spiky plungers that resembles a giant spherical tumbleweed from another planet . At 70 kilograms , Hassani says his invention is light enough to be propelled by a normal breeze , while still being heavy and big enough - 190cm in diameter - to activate mines as it rolls over them . According to the U.N. , there are more than 110 million active mines scattered across 70 countries , with an equal number stockpiled around the world still waiting to be planted . Meanwhile , manual diffusion by trained mine-clearing experts remains the most common method of removal globally , according to the Landmine Monitor , an industry publication published by the International Campaign to Ban Landmines . But this method can be prohibitively expensive - in some cases it costs thousands of dollars to clear just a single mine . By contrast , Hassani claims the Mine Kafon -- which includes a basic GPS tracking device used to record the area "  cleared " by its tumbling path - costs as little as $ 40 to build . "  The core sphere that contains the GPS system is high enough from the ground to avoid damage from most anti-personnel mines , " explained Hassani . The lengths of the spikes are based on the height of an adult 's leg - because the kinds of mines that it is designed to clear are those that will take a leg off below the waist of an adult . "  So , as it moves the spikes get blown off , but the center stays intact , " Hassani said . "  It can withstand up to four explosions before it loses too many of its legs to carry on . " As a young kid growing up in Afghanistan , Hassani did what children the world over do : made up games and created his own toys . "  One of them was a little rolling object that was carried by the wind , " he recalled . "  We would race them against each other in the local fields . "  Sometimes , due to the presence of landmines , they would roll off into places that we were n't permitted to go . " After his father was killed in a rocket attack during the late 1980s , Hassani fled Afghanistan with his mother , brother and sisters . Living first in Uzbekistan , then traveling through central Asia and ending up four years later as a refugee in Holland , Hassani went on to study at the Design Academy in Eidenhoven . What started life as his final graduate design project has since undergone strength testing at the hands of the Dutch military . This year , a full-scale mock-up was tested in the deserts around Morocco and Hassani hopes to fundraise $ 100,000 so he can engineer the design to mass produced , industry standards . However , some are skeptical about Mine Kafon 's chances of ever meeting the official International Mine Action Standards  IMAS  -- considered to be the minimum grade of delivery for responsible mine clearing operations . "  There are many citizens who live in mine-affected areas who carry out their own DIY clearances , and while this is noble it is also very dangerous , " explained Adam Komorowski , head of operations at the UK-based Mine Advisory Group . "  For any mine clearing technology to be adopted by a serious mine action organization , it needs to conform to IMAS . "  As much as I welcome all new ideas -- and I think this is a nice concept with great potential to raise awareness and perhaps inspire other solutions -- I ca n't see it meeting those standards in anything like its current form , " he said . Komorowski , who stresses that his assessment is based solely on what he has read and viewed online , believes that Hassani 's creation is undermined by its dependence on the "  serendipity of random gusts " -- making it a haphazard option in a field traditionally characterized by highly methodical techniques . "  Every square centimeter of land should be properly checked , " he said . "  I 'm also not convinced that the device can be relied upon to necessarily detonate every mine it crosses , " said Komorowski , who argues that if a couple of its spikes are blown off during a clearance , then the holes in its structure could cause it to miss other mines as it rolls on . "  It looks to me that there is also a huge limitation in terms of terrain , " he added . "  I ca n't see it working on hills or areas with dense vegetation . " Hassani says he is aware of these limitations , and claims to have a number of solutions in the pipeline . "  We are developing a remote-controlled model with a motor and a metal detector -- so that even if it fails to detonate a mine , it should map-out the presence of metal structures underneath , " he said . Whether the Mine Kaffon can be engineered to overcome the criticisms of industry insiders like Komorowski , the strikingly-designed structure with its poetic symmetry has already brought the issue of landmine clearance to new audiences in the design world . It was recently showcased during Dutch Design Week and the Lodz Design Festival , and in March of next year will enjoy a run at New York 's prestigious Museum of Modern Art . "  The design industry is perhaps too focused on tables and chairs , " said Hassani . "  I think we can use our talents to find design-based solutions to more serious problems . "	Mine Kafon is a cheap , light , wind-powered mine detonating device Created by an Afghan designer who was inspired by toys he modeled as a child Industry expert says concept is laudable , but does not currently meet safety standards
CNN  -- The trial for Jerry Sandusky , the former Penn State assistant football coach accused of molesting several boys , has been postponed until June 5 . The trial was scheduled for May 15 but it "  must be postponed to accommodate various logistical contingencies , " court documents said . Joe Amendola , Sandusky 's lawyer , said the delay may still not be enough time . "  We do n't know if we will have all the information we need and are entitled to receive prior to the new trial date , but we will do our very best to be ready to proceed to trial on June 5 , " Amendola said . Amendola argued that prosecutors have been investigating the case long before Sandusky was arrested but he has had little time to prepare his case . "  The Attorney General has conducted a three-plus-year secret grand jury investigation in this matter . We 've only had a couple of months since we received our first discovery materials in mid-January to begin preparing our defense , " Amendola said . Sandusky , a longtime defensive coordinator for the Nittany Lions , is currently under house arrest as he awaits trial on more than 50 counts of child sexual abuse . He has pleaded not guilty . The allegations against Sandusky led to the firing of Penn State 's heralded head football coach Joe Paterno only months before he died of complications from lung cancer . Former school officials Tim Curley and Gary Schultz are charged with perjury and failure to report a crime in relation to the investigation . In February , Penn State said it has incurred nearly $ 3.2 million in combined legal , consultant , and public relation fees pertaining to the scandal . Almost $ 2.5 million of the fees stem from Penn State 's internal investigation and crisis communications team costs . Roughly $ 500,000 has been spent on university legal defense services , the university said . CNN 's Jason Carroll contributed to this report .	The trial was scheduled for May 15 "  We do n't know if we will have all the information we need , " Sandusky 's lawyer says Sandusky is accused of more than 50 counts of child sexual abuse
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu met with Jordan 's King Abdullah II in Amman on Thursday to discuss recent developments in negotiations between Israel and the Palestinians , officials said . Netanyahu returned to Israel after the discussions , which also looked at economic cooperation between the two countries and other regional matters , one of his representatives said . "  The Prime Minister emphasized that Israel places a premium on security arrangements , including Jordan 's interests , in any future agreement that will take into consideration the peace treaty between Jordan and Israel , signed 20 years ago , " Netanyahu 's media adviser said . The meeting follows U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's recent visit to the region . Kerry met with Palestinian President Mahmoud Abbas and Netanyahu in hopes of working out a framework agreement for the resumption of negotiations between Palestinians and Israelis . A statement from Jordan 's royal court said the meeting came in the framework of "  continuous consultation and coordination between the King and all the parties involved in the peace process , considering His Majesty 's keenness on achieving tangible progress that meets the aspirations of the Palestinian people and at the same time protects the high interests of the Jordanian kingdom . " During his visit to Jerusalem this month , Kerry met multiple times with Abbas and Netanyahu . He declined to share details of the conversations with reporters but told them that progress was being made during the trip . Kerry has floated a proposal based on five months of intensive consultations with Israelis and Palestinians since the resumption of the peace process last summer . Defense minister comments Earlier this week , U.S. officials reacted angrily to comments attributed to Israel 's defense minister criticizing Kerry 's efforts to broker a peace agreement . The derisive remarks appeared in a popular daily Israeli newspaper , Yedioth Ahronot , and reflect Moshe Yaalon 's skepticism of the Kerry-led U.S. efforts "  both in private conversations in Israel and in the U.S. " "  American Secretary of State John Kerry , who turned up here determined and acting out of misplaced obsession and messianic fervor , can not teach me anything about the conflict with the Palestinians , " Yaalon said , according to the paper . Yaalon later issued an apology in a written statement sent to the media from the Defense Ministry . Kerry defies the odds with intense drive for Middle East peace CNN 's Marie-Louise Gumuchian contributed to this report .	The two discussed recent developments in Israeli-Palestinian negotiations The meeting follows U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry 's recent visit to the region Kerry met with Israeli Prime Minister , Palestinian President several times this month
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Suspected Boko Haram gunmen decapitated 23 people in a raid on Buratai village in northeast Nigeria 's Borno state , residents and a politician said Saturday . Scores of attackers invaded the village at 11 p.m. Friday when residents were mostly asleep and set homes on fire , hacking residents who tried to flee . " The gunmen slaughtered their 23 victims like rams and decapitated them . They injured several people , " said Ibrahim Adamu , a local politician who fled . "  They burned a large part of the village and we are afraid some residents were burnt in the homes because most people had gone to bed when the gunmen struck , " said Adamu , a ward councilor in the village . A paramedic at a government hospital in the nearby town of Biu said 32 people from Buratai were taken to the hospital with gunshot wounds and burns . "  The injured victims said a lot of people were beheaded by the attackers , " the paramedic said . Buratai now has been attacked twice by Boko Haram in the past year . In September , the Islamist insurgents launched an attack on the village that was repelled by soldiers deployed to guard the home of a Nigerian army general from the village . The soldiers killed 20 of the gunmen . It is not clear whether the attack was in reprisal over their loss in the previous attack or was linked to the Nigeria general elections that commenced Saturday . Boko Haram vowed to disrupt the elections . The militant group ISIS earlier this month said that a pledge of allegiance from Boko Haram has been accepted .	Suspected militants raid village in Nigeria Residents describe horrible details
CNN  -- Modern communications are an essential foundation for the social and economic opportunities that everyone deserves . The World Conference on International Telecommunications  WCIT  , currently taking place in Dubai , is a golden opportunity to provide affordable connectivity for all , including the billions of people worldwide who can not yet go online . It is our chance to chart a globally-agreed roadmap to connect the unconnected , while ensuring there is investment to create the infrastructure needed for the exponential growth in voice , video and data traffic . The conference is a landmark because , for the first time in a quarter-century , it is reviewing the International Telecommunication Regulations  ITRs  that govern international connectivity . Not surprisingly , there are many differing ideas about how this might be done , as well as hot debate on some proposals that have been put forward . There are 193 member countries of ITU , and all are free to express their views . However , no proposal to WCIT will be accepted unless it has very broad support . But there are more voices at WCIT than just those of government . The CEO of ICANN , Fadi Chehade , addressed the opening ceremony and emphasized the growing cooperation between his organization and ITU . And included among national delegations are dozens of representatives from industry and civil society . Read more : ` Father of the internet : ' Why we must fight for its freedom As the neutral convener of the conference and in an effort to engage opinion worldwide , ITU has encouraged all its membership  including over 700 private-sector entities  , as well as civil society organizations and the press and public at large , to contribute their views . Much of the conference itself is webcast . WCIT is not a "  closed-door " event . In fact , compared with other intergovernmental meetings of such importance , WCIT is as open as it possibly can be . ITU has always sought a multi-stakeholder approach . In 2003 and 2005 we led the way with the World Summit on the Information Society , which -- for the first time -- brought all sides together to debate how transformational information and communication technologies  ICTs  should shape the future . We expect the same kind of constructive cooperation to occur at WCIT . It is crucial that the Internet is not only kept open for business , but is also opened for everyone . We can then continue to innovate and gain the vast benefits that result from access to knowledge . Read more : Why are n't robots doing my dishes yet ? In all countries there are circumstances when authorities intercept or block communications that are viewed as criminal or dangerous . This is permitted under articles in the International Covenant on Civil and Political Rights , which is part of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , and in the ITU Constitution . However , these are exceptions to the basic principle enshrined in those documents : The right to freedom of expression and communication . The ITRs must conform to the ITU Constitution , and nothing in the revised treaty can diminish that fundamental right to free speech . Read more : Lockitron : The app that unlocked crowd-funding success But you need a means of communication to exercise that right . At present , two-thirds of people globally have no Internet access , and far fewer benefit from broadband . This is often forgotten by the other third , but the stark truth is that Internet is still a privilege of the minority . I spoke out recently when Internet access was shut down in Syria amid understandable outcry . What mostly went unreported is that 80 % of Syrians never had access to the Internet in the first place . This underscores our need to prioritize giving people access to ICTs . The solution requires partnership between the public and private sectors , within frameworks that encourage innovation alongside investment in areas where it is needed most . Considering measures to achieve this is one of the most important items on WCIT 's agenda . More details of all major topics are available via the ITU website . ITU 's development of technical standards , alongside the work of others , has played a key role in enabling connectivity and interoperability in today 's powerful technologies of mobile including optical fiber , television , video compression , mobile , broadband and Internet . I believe that broadband in particular can be the engine that drives progress , but without ITU standards on , for example , transport mechanisms to carry information around the world , broadband services simply would not work . The telecommunications system that enables our networked society is global , and solutions to issues such as cybersecurity must be global too . We must meet the challenge posed by the massive growth in data traffic that is not yet matched by infrastructure development . And many believe there should be a level playing field at national and international levels , to avoid abuse of power by dominant players . WCIT is where such questions can start to be openly discussed and answered . It is a world conference and a unique meeting place where issues can be debated that will have an immense impact on our lives . What is at stake is whether we advance together towards a truly connected world , or instead contemplate a deepening digital divide with all its consequences . We can not afford to miss the opportunities presented by WCIT . Through dialogue , compromise and cooperation , the conference can help lead us towards a knowledge society in which people everywhere , whatever their circumstances , can access , use , share and create data in an affordable and secure manner . That is what WCIT is about .	The World Conference on International Telecommunications is currently taking place in Dubai Touré : "  It is our chance to chart a globally-agreed roadmap to connect the unconnected " Two-thirds of people globally have no Internet access : "  Internet is still a privilege of the minority " Critics have suggested some regimes taking part may propose a ban on anonymity on the web
New York City will change its policy on possession of small amounts of marijuana , giving police officers the option of writing offenders a ticket instead of taking them into custody , city officials said Monday at a press conference . Mayor Bill de Blasio said the change will remove the stigma of a criminal conviction for many young people who are arrested for misdemeanor marijuana possession . Such a conviction can prevent people from getting a job or housing , he said . "  A summons will not affect their future , " he said . "  An arrest could . " The policy change , which goes into effect November 19 , will only affect cases involving 25 grams  .88 ounce  or less of marijuana , Police Commissioner William Bratton said . The officer can choose to write a citation , which requires the suspect to appear in court later , Bratton said . The marijuana would be seized and the person who had the marijuana would continue with their day . The fine for a first offense would usually be $ 100 , officials said . Officers will make judgment call If the officer does decide to take the suspect into custody , the suspect would be handcuffed and taken to the station house for fingerprinting and a mugshot , Bratton said . Police did n't specify the penalties but said they 'd be tougher than for a citation . As to how that decision would be made , de Blasio said , "  An officer ultimately has to make the judgment on the scene . " If police find somebody smoking marijuana -- as opposed to simply possessing it -- the suspect would have to go through the entire arrest procedure , Bratton said . People without proper identification or people with outstanding warrants would be taken into custody , he said . De Blasio said misdemeanor marijuana arrests disproportionately affect young people in minority groups in New York City . He said many job applications ask about arrests or convictions , but not summonses . "  We do n't want to saddle someone who made one small mistake with something that will follow them all their lives , " the mayor said . ` You will see fewer unnecessary arrests ' De Blasio said the policy change will also free up New York City police to concentrate on more serious crimes . The officers wo n't have to spend hours at the station house or in court because of small amounts of marijuana . "  You will see fewer unnecessary arrests , " he said , noting that misdemeanor marijuana arrests have declined for several years . Voters in Colorado , Washington state , Oregon , Alaska and Washington , D.C. , have voted to legalize recreational marijuana . New York law still bans possession of the drug . The policy shift only changes how police would enforce the existing law . De Blassio and Bratton said they do not support legalizing recreational marijuana . The policy change was first reported Sunday by the New York Times .	New York City police may write a ticket for small amounts of marijuana , officials said The policy change will only affect cases involving up to 25 grams of marijauna The mayor said the old law disproportionately affected minority youth A ticket has a lighter penalty than an arrest , police said
CNN  -- Autopsies on an American couple found stabbed to death in their St. Maarten home were performed Monday , a day before a suspect in their deaths appears in court , the island 's solicitor general said . The bodies of Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were discovered Friday at their oceanfront residence in Cupecoy , in what St. Maarten 's Solicitor General Taco Stein described as "  an ugly scene . " Two days later , an unidentified suspect was arrested . He will appear Tuesday before a judge in the Dutch Caribbean nation , who will decide whether there is sufficient evidence to hold him longer or order his release . No charges have been filed against anyone in the case . "  There are strong indications he is involved in the crime , " Stein said Monday of the suspect , without divulging details . Identifying him only by his initials M.K.J. , the St. Maarten Public Prosecutor 's office described the suspect in a Monday press release as a 28-year-old , Jamaican-born man . The prosecutor 's office said the suspect "  heavily resisted his arrest , " engaging in a confrontation that ended with both him and a police officer "  wounded . " After being treated at an area hospital , the Jamaican man was taken to a police station . "  He has been cooperative to a certain extent , but was reluctant to answer critical questions , " the prosecutor 's office said . The suspect 's attorney , Brenda Brooks , said she 'd met with the suspect Monday at a police station in St. Maarten 's capital Philipsburg , where he is being held . He had signs of a "  beating , " according to Brooks . Stein , who was once solicitor general for Aruba , said authorities "  are not certain of the motive in the case . " "  Some things are missing " from the King 's home , but there were no signs of a break-in . The killings occurred in what is "  generally considered a safe area " that is popular with tourists , according to the solicitor general . "  This is something that does not happen every day , " he said . Results from the autopsies on Michael and Thelma King will be discussed by prosecutors and police , but they will not be released to the public "  in the interest of the investigation , " the public prosecutor 's office said Monday . In addition to Tuesday 's court hearing , forensic experts and prosecutors will meet with a representative of the Dutch Forensic Institute to discuss material "  secured during this investigation , " the office said . The couple 's bodies will be handed over "  presumably " Tuesday to their relatives , some of whom had a "  lengthy conversation " with prosecutors on Sunday , according to the prosecutor . The suspect and the slain couple did n't appear to know each other , said Stein , noting they "  were not moving in the same circles . " Topper Daboul , a restaurant owner in the area , said he was a friend and business partner of the Kings . "  They were beautiful people , " he said , adding he is "  still in shock . " "  They were kind to everybody . " Zane Jackson offered a similar story , and sentiment , in an interview with CNN affiliate WIS. . Describing himself as a friend and business partner of the Kings , who helped him open a sports bar in Columbia , South Carolina , Jackson said , "  They 'd have given anything to anybody . " "  It just seems very senseless , " he said . "  They were good people . " CNN 's Gabriel Falcon contributed to this report .	NEW : The couple 's bodies will likely be handed over to kin Tuesday , prosecutors say NEW : The suspect "  heavily resisted " arrest ; he and a police officer were "  wounded " Michael and Thelma King of South Carolina were found dead in their St. Maarten home The suspect in their deaths will appear before a judge , who will decide if he can still be detained
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A fan of English football club Arsenal has been injured after the bus he and other supporters were traveling in was ambushed before the sides ' Champions League clash in Rome , Wednesday night . Winners : Arsenal beat Roma 7-6 on penalties after one of their fans was injured before the game . A spokesman from the British Embassy in Rome told CNN the fan was understood to have suffered wounds to the leg -- but it was unsure if he had been stabbed or injured by broken glass . The spokesman said the mini bus , which was not an official tour bus , became lost near the stadium and "  ended up at the wrong part of the ground " . Roma fans nearby set about attacking the bus , the spokesman said . "  They smashed the windows and then one of them managed to get on the bus . This appears to be where the injury occurred , " he said . Police were quick to arrive and the bus managed to move on to safety , where the fan was treated for the wound , he said . The visiting side went on to win the tie 7-6 on penalties after Roma won the game 1-0 , leaving the two-match tie level 1-1 on aggregate . Arsenal had distributed a booklet to its estimated 3,500 traveling fans warning that they were "  at risk " if they traveled alone to the Stadio Olimpico . The booklet warned supporters to stay clear of areas that were known gathering points of Roma 's "  Ultra " fans -- a group known for creating conflict with rival supporters . Last month ten football fans were shot dead in the south of Nigeria on the way to support their team . The victims were traveling supporters of the Ocean Boys Football Club in Nigeria . Also in February , one fan was killed and at least 40 more injured when violence broke out at football matches across Brazil . In 2007 , Manchester United fans were injured after violence in two separate incidents with Roma fans when the teams met in Rome . In 2003 five England fans suffered gunshot wounds during a violent incident in Zurich , Switzerland , before the side played a Euro 2004 qualifier with Liechtenstein .	Fan injured during ambush on bus before Champions League game in Rome Arsenal bus attacked when it arrives at wrong part of Stadio Olimpico Windows on bus smashed by Roma fans and one fan enters bus Arsenal go on to win match 7-6 on penalties after it finishes 1-1 on aggregate
Washington  CNN  -- The company that made 44,000 helmets recalled by the Army has stopped all helmet manufacturing . Federal Prison Industries , the company that made the potentially defective combat helmets , was subcontracted to make the helmets by ArmorSource , the company named in the recall . Federal Prison Industries , also known as UNICOR , has also agreed to waive preferential status that gives it right of first refusal on U.S. government contracts . The Army recalled the helmets two weeks ago , when officials said the advanced combat helmets failed ballistic testing standards . Many were used by troops in Iraq and Afghanistan . Troops have been instructed to exchange the helmets for ones made by another company , but the Army is still trying to find all the recalled helmets . The company 's decision comes after the Justice Department launched an investigation into its helmet manufacturing and an amendment was proposed to the Defense Authorization Bill . That amendment would have forced the company to submit to competitive bidding . The author of the amendment , Rep. Chris Carney , D-Pennsylvania , said , "  Our military men and women deserve only the best equipment and it has become clear that Federal Prison Industries can not meet the standards required in manufacturing helmets . " The Federal Bureau of Prisons overseas Federal Prison Industries , which uses prisoners in some of its work . Traci Billingsley , the bureau 's chief public information officer , said , "  Federal Prison Industries has always strived to make a quality product that meets or exceeds the needs and expectations of our customers . " She said if the company resumes helmet production , it will voluntarily submit to competitive bidding . The company is one of several major manufacturers of combat helmets . A competitor , BAE , laid off some of its staff earlier this year . Josh Drobnyk , a spokesman for Carney , said , "  Absolutely there 's a jobs element to it . I do n't think it 's widely known that prisoners are making the most basic part of a soldier 's gear . And this company has quit making helmets right in the midst of an investigation by the Department of Justice . " Army officials said the Justice investigation helped trigger the testing on the helmets that determined they did not meet standards . In addition to the 44,000-helmet contract , Federal Prison Industries had an Army contract to produce 600,000 helmets and a contract to deliver 100,000 lightweight helmets to the U.S. Marine Corps . Rep Carney said , "  FPI has not met protective standards , nor has it met required deadlines in its production of these crucial helmets ... and we ca n't wait any longer to protect our troops . " Carney is a U.S. Navy Reserve commander , who also served in the Pentagon as an intelligence analyst .	Federal Prison Industries uses prisoners in some of its work Helmets fail to meet Army standards during tests Justice Department investigating company , which has other defense contracts Company , managed by Prisons Bureau , says it will waive preferential treatment
Port-au-Prince , Haiti  CNN  -- Long truck convoys inched their way through heavy traffic in Haiti 's capital Thursday , bringing relief efforts into full view in parts of Port-au-Prince . A 40-vehicle convoy that seemed to be coming from the neighboring Dominican Republic headed into town Thursday afternoon on the Route Nationale in western Port-au-Prince . Escorted by heavily armed United Nations troops , the convoy had more than two dozen tractor-trailers , in addition to water and fuel tankers and even an armored car toward the back of the caravan . Some of the trucks carried the insignia of the Catholic Relief Services organization , while other vehicles bore markings identifying them as being from the Dominican Republic . Other aid and military vehicles traveled elsewhere in western Port-au-Prince , particularly on Boulevards T. L'Ouverture and 15 de Octobre . Residents as well as caregivers had complained earlier this week that aid was not getting out quickly enough . Full coverage | Twitter updates For the second day in a row , the city gave indications of coming back to life . The sidewalks were crowded with street vendors and kiosks , and many small food stores were open . Dozens of stalls at a dusty market sold fruits and vegetables along a pocked and rut-filled dirt side street . A smaller market on a street corner saw some business . On the Route Nationale , residents crowded around the back of a parked brown semi-tractor trailer for hours before the back doors opened and local aid workers handed each person a six-pack of bottled water . The throng seemed relatively orderly , and no commotion was noticed . Long lines formed in front of some of the city 's money-transfer offices , which opened for the first time since the January 12 quake that shattered large parts of Port-au-Prince . Haitians in line were there to pick up money sent to them from elsewhere , mainly the United States . iReport : List of missing , found | Are you there ? Streets were choked with tap-taps , the brightly painted small pickup trucks that have been converted into passenger minibuses , with 10 or 12 people sitting on two facing benches on the truck bed . Many tap-taps carry Christian inspirations such as "  Jesus saves " on their windshields and have intricate designs and messages on the side walls . Haitian police and U.N. military vehicles were common , and local authorities seemed to take an increased posture . Five national police officers , easily identified by their camouflage uniforms , jumped out of their truck at an intersection in the Cite de Soleil neighborhood near the harbor . They investigated men at the rear of two small pickups stopped there . One officer dropped to his right knee and briefly pointed his rifle toward the men . He and the other officers then abruptly turned around and walked away a few seconds later . Impact Your World Cite de Soleil is the poorest and roughest neighborhood in the city , known more for its rampant crime and violence than its poetic-sounding name . Like all other parts of Port-au-Prince , many residents say it has fallen into increasing disrepair since the 1980s . A nearby neighborhood , Carrefour , was once a tourist destination but has become a run-down , lower-class neighborhood .	A 40-vehicle convoy loaded with supplies heads into western Port-au-Prince Sidewalks crowded with street vendors , kiosks ; small food stores open Streets choked with tap-taps , which are pickups converted into passenger minibuses Local law enforcement authorities have seemed to take an increased posture
It 's not your usual selfie . "  The sensation is happening again , " Stacey Yepes tells the camera . "  It 's all tingling on left side . " "  I do n't know why this is happening to me . " The Toronto-area woman was having her third stroke in three days . And this time , she refused to suffer in private . Yepes recorded a selfie video of her symptoms after pulling over while driving . The next day , the video would help doctors at Toronto Western Hospital correctly diagnose her with transient ischemic attacks , or "  mini-strokes , " due to plaque buildup in her arteries . Now , according to Yepes , she is on cholesterol-lowering medication and blood thinners , and has n't had any more strokes . The video may have saved her life . No two strokes are alike : My story Two days before the recording , doctors at a local emergency room in Toronto dismissed her face numbness and slurred speech as stress-related . They told her stroke tests had come back negative and counseled the 49-year-old legal secretary on breathing techniques . Those were ineffective , and Yepes suffered two additional mini-strokes in consecutive days -- the first leaving the hospital parking lot on April 1 . She knew something had to be done . "  I think it was just to show somebody , because I knew it was not stress-related , " she said in an interview with the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. "  And I thought if I could show somebody what was happening , they would have a better understanding . " That was exactly what happened . Yepes filmed the third "  mini-stroke " the next day en route to work . After arriving , she showed the video to co-workers , who immediately suggested she go to a different hospital . Still , Dr. Markku Kaste with the World Stroke Organization said he believes Yepes was lucky . His advice : "  Do n't waste time on a video , just call 911 . " He said , "  It 's the same thing for everyone . If you 're having a stroke , think you 're having a stroke or see someone having one -- just call 911 . " Kaste and his organization are working on an upcoming campaign targeting women and their likelihood for strokes . According to the National Stroke Organization , 55,000 women have strokes each year . As in Yepes ' case , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said signs of stroke generally include sudden numbness , confusion and difficulty walking . The American Stroke Association uses the acronym F.A.S.T -- meaning face dropping , arm weakness and speech difficulty are all signs that it 's time to call 911 . Usually , paramedics , emergency responders and doctors correctly identify the situation and will get individuals the help they need . "  It 's hard to say why there was an incorrect diagnosis  initially  , but things like that can happen , " Kaste said . "  Still , the quicker you are to the hospital , the higher the likelihood of a good outcome . " Related : Recovering from a stroke What happens during a stroke	Toronto-area woman documents stroke with a selfie video Video helped her receive treatment after she was initially misdiagnosed Doctor 's advice : "  Do n't waste time on a video , just call 911 "
CNN  -- I approached Baalbek on a hot , dry day out of Beirut , down a broken road where children played , oblivious to passing cars . I pulled up by a small hut on the outskirts of the city , where I 'd been told to ask for Abdul Nabi al-Afi . There he was , a slim , cheery , weather-beaten man who offered me coffee . I was sweating from the heat , but Abdul found Lebanon cold at this time of year and he was wearing a blazer over two pullovers . I sat down to hear how this former sergeant in the Lebanese army had found himself guardian of one of the most extraordinary sights in the region . Treasure beneath rubbish Twelve years ago , Abdul had retired from the military and returned to the Beqaa Valley -- a broad , green swathe running for 120 kilometers through eastern Lebanon -- and his home in Baalbek . "  Many Palestinian refugees had moved here in the time I 'd been away , " he said , "  and I saw they 'd been throwing their rubbish into an old quarry . " At a loose end , Abdul started removing the garbage from the site near his home . As he did , he uncovered an ancient object -- the largest single stone ever carved , lying at the bottom of the quarry . It was a huge piece of limestone , longer than a school bus and estimated to weigh more than a thousand tons . Carved by the Romans more than 2,000 years ago , the monolith had been intended for the nearby temple complex of Heliopolis . Now a Lebanese flag flies at one end of it , and , over the cafe Abdul has set up nearby , a sign trumpets : "  La Plus Grande Pierre dans le Monde . " Three gods Traveling in the Middle East , I 'd heard of Baalbek but not of Heliopolis . As we stepped down into the old shallow quarry , Abdul pointed to the huge white columns of an abandoned temple visible on the horizon between two concrete housing blocks and loops of telephone wire . "  In those days Baalbek was known as Heliopolis , " Abdul said . "  Our temple was the biggest ever built by the Romans . "  Here they worshiped not one god but three : Jupiter , Venus and Bacchus . Today Heliopolis is a UNESCO World Heritage Site . " Abdul receives no government assistance for his upkeep of the quarry and the monolith so , as I was leaving , I bought a guidebook from his shop for $ 7 . Would he ever leave Baalbek , I asked as we shook hands . "  I ca n't , " he said . "  The quarry would go back to the way it was . I wo n't let that happen . " Iran : time for travelers to return ? "  Die Tempel von Heliopolis " I drove on through the scruffy outskirts of modern Baalbek , parked my car and bought a ticket for ancient Heliopolis . A group of young German men marched into the ruins ahead of me . They were n't the first : German students have been coming to Baalbek for more than a century . Before World War I , the Kaiser , an ally of the Ottoman Turks who then ruled here , sent his best archeologists to excavate and secure the ruins . A drawing of their proposed reconstruction pinned to the ticket booth reads : "  Die Tempel von Heliopolis , Ba'albek . " At the combined size of several football pitches , the three temples of Heliopolis were built on a scale much larger than anything seen in Rome . Shrine to Ba'al The complex was actually constructed on top of a shrine to the Canaanite god Ba'al . To build it , the Romans had first to create a vast plateau above the valley . That alone must have been an extraordinary undertaking . During the Christian era , the temple complex was quarried for buildings including the Hagia Sofia in Constantinople  the new Roman capital  and the rest was roofed over to create a church of dimensions not seen again until the building of St. Peter 's in Rome . When Islam came to the Beqaa Valley , the steps of this church were hacked away to create an inaccessible Muslim fortress held in 1175 by the mighty Saladin . Crusaders besieged it several times but never broke through . Today the complex still towers over this low-rise city . The occasional tourist wanders through in the company of a guide -- like Abdul , always well wrapped up against the sunshine -- but you can have it to yourself most of the time . Six top beers from the Middle East Vanishing tourists With civil war raging in its eastern neighbor , Syria , and security always fierce in Israel to the south , tourism has dropped off drastically in Lebanon in recent years . Nature has also played a destructive part . Inching away from Africa , the Arabian tectonic plate has caused three earthquakes at Heliopolis , bringing columns and pediments crashing down . Yet still it somehow stands , huge and white , an ancient marble enclave within modern Baalbek . The temple wins the crown for most impressive archeological site in the region , but there 's much more to see . At Hermel there 's a mysterious pyramidal tower thought to have been built 3,000 years ago -- no one knows why . Lebanese white Lebanon may be dry but it is n't , so to speak , necessarily dry . ChÃ cents teau Ksara  +961 88 134 95  , founded in 1857 by Jesuit priests , created one of the first white wines in Lebanon . "  Until recently we received 7,000 visitors a year , " Sabah , who works in the visitor shop , told me . "  This valley still produces more than six million bottles of wine a year , " she continued . "  We sweep the car park every day . We 're optimistic . " Everything might be slightly falling apart in the Beqaa Valley , but then this strife-torn region often has to rely on the goodwill of people such as Abdul to maintain its world class tourist attractions . Nevertheless , the valley exudes calm . It 's seen a lot of history and knows it 'll see more . Now , when the most recent chapter of that history has scared most people off , could be a good time to go . Baalbek is approximately 85 kilometers east of Beirut . Lebanon-R-Us is one local company offering tours of the city and its sights ; +961 76 513 800 . The monolith and Abdul 's cafe are located near the eastern entrance to Baalbek -- look for signs . No set opening times or entrance fee to the site . To visit ancient Heliopolis , look for signs within Baalbek pointing to "  The Ruins " ; open 8:30 a.m. until 30 minutes before sunset ; children under eight free , adults $ 8 ; guides are hired from around the ticket office , at the southeastern end of the temple complex , and cost around $ 14 an hour . More information on visiting Baalbek can be found on the Baalbeck Municipality official website .	World 's biggest carved monolith found in Lebanon -- beneath a rubbish heap Temple of Heliopolis was size of several football fields Travelers have many sights entirely to themselves
CNN  Marin Cilic has withdrawn from the Australian Open after being unable to shake-off a persistent shoulder injury . The reigning U.S. Open champion was forced to sit out this week 's ATP Tour event in Brisbane and had previously said he hoped to be back in time for the year 's first major in Melbourne . However , a post on the player 's Facebook page Saturday confirmed the 26-year-old Croat will not recover in time . "  The  right shoulder injury , that hampers me for some time now ... is improving day by day , but I still do n't feel fit enough to be able to compete at the highest level , " the post read . "  I am really sad that I wo n't be able to participate in Melbourne , especially after winning the last Grand Slam in New York , but I was advised by doctors to be careful as much as possible to avoid even more serious problems . " "  I have received lots of support letters from my fans worldwide lately and I am grateful for your support and best wishes . " The Australian Open is the year 's first grand-slam and begins on January 19 in Melbourne . World No 12 . and 2008 Australian Open finalist Jo-Wilfried Tsonga was forced to pull-out earlier this week due to an arm injury . There are also fitness doubts over 14-time major winner Rafa Nadal who has struggled for fitness and form since undergoing appendix surgery last November .	Marin Cilic pulls out of Australian Open U.S. Open champion not fully recovered from shoulder injury Australian Open begins on January 19 in Melbourne
CNN  Here 's one reboot that would be out of this world . TV Wise is reporting that Fox is very close to pushing the button on a new season of "  The X-Files , " which aired from 1993 to 2002 . The original stars , Gillian Anderson and David Duchovny , are said to be on board for the revival of the hit show about a pair of FBI agents who investigate the paranormal . If social media are any indication , fans really want to believe . It appears that timing will play a crucial factor in whether the project gets off the ground , as both Anderson and Duchovny have other commitments . Anderson stars in the hugely popular BBC drama "  The Fall , " while Duchovny 's NBC series "  Aquarius " is set to debut in May . Both actors are fully aware that fans really , really want to see them back as professional partners/lovers Fox Mulder and Dana Scully . In February , Duchovny said during an appearance on CBS ' "  The Talk " that bringing the show back was a very real possibility . "  It looks good ; that 's all I 'll say , " the actor said . "  It looks very good . " Fox has confirmed that it is eyeing a reboot . Series creator Chris Carter is reportedly also on board for the new project . The truth is still out there : Fox eyes ` X-Files ' reboot The show was so popular that it spurred two feature films , a spinoff series about Mulder 's nutty sidekicks the Lone Gunmen , a comic book series and a board game .	The hit Fox show , which aired until 2002 , could be returning Co-star David Duchovny has said "  It looks good " There were two "  X-Files " movies , a spinoff and a board game
As a growing number of airplanes scoured the southern Indian Ocean in the search for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 , authorities released new details that paint a different picture of what may have happened in the plane 's cockpit . Military radar tracking shows that the aircraft changed altitude after making a sharp turn over the South China Sea as it headed toward the Strait of Malacca , a source close to the investigation into the missing flight told CNN . The plane flew as low as 12,000 feet at some point before it disappeared from radar , according to the source . The sharp turn seemed to be intentional , the source said , because executing it would have taken the Boeing 777 two minutes -- a time period during which the pilot or co-pilot could have sent an emergency signal if there had been a fire or other emergency onboard . Authorities say the plane did n't send any emergency signals , though some analysts say it 's still unclear whether the pilots tried but were n't able to communicate because of a catastrophic failure . The official , who is not authorized to speak to the media , told CNN that the area the plane flew in after the turn is a heavily trafficked air corridor and that flying at 12,000 feet would have kept the jet well out of the way of that traffic . Earlier Sunday , Malaysian authorities said the last transmission from the missing aircraft 's reporting system showed it heading to Beijing -- a revelation that appears to undercut the theory that someone reprogrammed the plane 's flight path before the co-pilot signed off with air-traffic controllers for the last time . That reduces , but does n't rule out , suspicions about foul play in the cockpit . The new details give more insight about what happened on the plane , but do n't explain why the plane went missing or where it could be . Analysts are divided about what the latest information could mean . Some argue it 's a sign that mechanical failure sent the plane suddenly off course . Others say there are still too many unknowns to eliminate any possibilities . CNN aviation analyst Miles O'Brien called the fresh details about the flight a "  game changer . " "  Now we have no evidence the crew did anything wrong , " he said . "  And in fact , now , we should be operating with the primary assumption being that something bad happened to that plane shortly after they said good night . " If a crisis on board caused the plane to lose pressure , he said , pilots could have chosen to deliberately fly lower to save passengers onboard . "  You want to get down to 10,000 feet , because that is when you do n't have to worry about pressurization . You have enough air in the atmosphere naturally to keep everybody alive , " he said . "  So part of the procedure for a rapid decompression ... it 's called a high dive , and you go as quickly as you can down that to that altitude . " Military radar tracked the flight between 1:19 a.m. and 2:40 a.m. the day it went missing , the source told CNN , but it 's not clear how long it took the plane to descend to 12,000 feet . The new details about altitude are "  highly significant , " said Mary Schiavo , a CNN aviation analyst and former inspector general for the U.S. Department of Transportation . "  It explains so many pieces that did n't fit together before , " she said . "  Now , if we have a scenario where something happened , the plane made a dramatic turn and dropped from 35,000 feet to 12,000 feet , this scenario would fit what a pilot would do in the event of a catastrophic onboard event , such as a rapid decompression , a fire , an explosion . That 's what you would have to do , descend , get down and turn around and try to get back to an airport that could accommodate an ailing plane . " If the latest information is accurate , the theory of pilots trying to save the plane fits , said Mark Weiss , a former American Airlines pilot and CNN aviation analyst . But that 's a big if , he said . "  We 've had so much information come out and so much contradictory information come out , that I caution against jumping to any types of conclusions at this point , " he said . Challenging search As speculation over what led to the flight 's disappearance showed no signs of slowing , investigators appeared to be beefing up their efforts to comb the southern Indian Ocean . Buoyed by a third set of satellite data that indicated possible debris from the plane in the water , the international team led by Australia fought bad weather as it looked for signs of the Boeing 777 and the 239 people who were aboard when the plane went missing on March 8 . The search for the missing Malaysia Airlines plane resumed Monday morning , with additional aircraft joining the operation , Australian authorities said . The Australian Maritime Safety Authority said 10 aircraft will search for possible objects in an area about 2,500 kilometers  1,550 miles  southwest of Perth . That includes two jets from China and two from Japan , which were on the way to join the search area on Monday , authorities said . France 's Foreign Ministry said Sunday that radar data from a satellite pointed to floating debris in the Indian Ocean 2,300 kilometers  1,430 miles  from Perth , Australia . The data were immediately passed along to Malaysian authorities , and French satellite resources will home in more on the area , the ministry said . Satellite images previously issued by Australian and Chinese authorities have also captured possible large floating objects , stoking hopes searchers may find debris from the missing plane . But so far , searchers have turned up empty-handed after more than two weeks of scouring land and sea . On Saturday , searchers found a wooden pallet as well as strapping belts , the Australian Maritime Safety Authority 's John Young said . The use of wooden pallets is common in the airline industry . "  It 's a possible lead ... but pallets are used in the shipping industry as well , " he said Sunday . Authorities have said random debris is often found in the ocean . The flying distance to and from the search area presents a big challenge for search aircraft . "  They 're operating at the limits of their endurance , " said Mike Barton , the authority 's rescue coordination chief . If search crews do turn up anything , they 'll soon have more technology to help them . The U.S. Navy is sending a super-sensitive hydrophone listening device to Australia to be on standby if debris from Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 is found and a search for the plane 's voice and data recorders can be done , a U.S. military official said Sunday . The device is pulled behind a ship at slow speeds and is used by the Navy to locate downed aircraft to a depth of 20,000 feet . Nothing but water , and questions Was turn reprogrammed ? Malaysian officials , in a written update Sunday on the search , cast doubt on the theory that someone , perhaps a pilot , had reprogrammed the aircraft to make an unexpected left turn during the flight . "  The last ACARS transmission , sent at 1:07 a.m. , showed nothing unusual . The 1:07 a.m. transmission showed a normal routing all the way to Beijing , " it read . The Aircraft Communications Addressing and Reporting System measures thousands of data points and sends the information via satellite to the airline , the engine manufacturer and other authorized parties , according to CNN aviation and airline correspondent Richard Quest . Had the plane been reprogrammed to change course , the ACARS system should have reported it during its last communication at 1:07 . The ACARS is supposed to report new information every 30 minutes , but it was silent at 1:37 . "  It is important because it is more consistent  with an emergency  . In other words , if the pilots had put in this waypoint that they were going to turn to and that they knew in advance of their last communication that they were going to turn , then everyone was  saying  that this had to be a premeditated act , " Schiavo said . "  Now if this information is correct , and it was not premeditated , then it does fit very closely with the scenario that , whatever happened , happened suddenly and they turned perhaps to go back to an emergency airport . " Hope , only hope Australian Prime Minister Tony Abbott voiced hope that investigators could be closing in on an answer to questions that have dogged authorities for days : What happened to the plane , and where is it ? "  We have now had a number of very credible leads , and there is increasing hope -- no more than hope , no more than hope -- that we might be on the road to discovering what did happen to this ill-fated aircraft , " Abbott said at a news conference . In one of the great aviation mysteries in history , the airliner carrying 239 people disappeared March 8 after it took off from Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , on a flight to Beijing . An exhaustive search covering 2.97 million square miles -- nearly the size of the continental United States -- has yielded some clues but no evidence of where the Boeing 777 is or what happened to it . Countries from central Asia to Australia are also engaged in the search along an arc drawn by authorities based on satellite pings received from the plane hours after it vanished . One arc tracks the southern Indian Ocean zone that 's the focus of current attention . The other arc tracks over parts of Cambodia , Laos , China and into Kazakhstan . Whole world listens for slowly fading pings Ocean search has many challenges Clues lead to new theories	U.S. Navy sending listening device to help find voice and data recorders if wreckage is found Source : Plane changed altitude , flying as low as 12,000 feet after making short turn Schiavo : Altitude information "  explains so many pieces that did n't fit together " 10 aircraft set to comb southern region for missing plane as search resumes Monday
CNN  -- Author Philip Jose Farmer died in his sleep Wednesday , according to a message on his Web site . Farmer was known for his science-fiction and fantasy novels and short stories . He was 91 . His most popular work was his "  Riverworld " series , written in the 1970s . Joe Lansdale , a critic , writer and friend of Farmer 's , credited Farmer with changing the face of science fiction . "  I just ca n't begin to tell you how important he is to the field as well as other fields , " Lansdale said . Critics say Farmer , who was born in Indiana but spent the rest of his life in Peoria , Illinois , was the first author to address adult sexual themes in science-fiction novels . Jonathan Strahan , an editor and critic for Locus magazine , said Farmer treated sex seriously , not in a juvenile manner or for cheap thrills . "  It was n't pornography and it was n't just about the sex of it , " Strahan said . "  It was about the sexuality of people in an interesting and intelligent way . " His influence over the science-fiction community is becoming more apparent over time , critics said . One of the most well-known science-fiction novels to be influenced by Farmer was "  Stranger in a Strange Land " by Robert Heinlein . Strahan said Heinlein was good friends with Farmer . Farmer was one of a handful of writers to win the lifetime achievement award from the World Fantasy Society and the Grand Master Award presented by the Science Fiction Writers of America . Winning both the awards is rare , Strahan said , because not many writers wrote as expansively in both fields as Farmer did . Lansdale said Farmer was fearless when it came to the subject matter for his stories . Farmer 's latest books were published by Subterranean Press . His last novel , "  The City Beyond Play , " was published in 2007 . A statement on Subterranean 's Web site Wednesday noted the death of Farmer , "  who we have been lucky to publish , but have been even luckier to be readers of for so many years . " "  You can imagine it 's been a sad day here -- we 're still working through our emotions about it , " the statement said . "  But we can say that our memories of him are good ones . He was always a joy to work with , and we will dearly miss his intelligence and good nature . "	Farmer 's most popular work was his "  Riverworld " series His last novel , "  The City Beyond Play , " was published in 2007 Critics say he was the first to address adult sexual themes in science fiction
CNN  -- Monday afternoon 's devastating tornado in the Oklahoma City suburbs brought to mind a May 1999 EF5 twister that killed 36 people and smashed some of the same communities . On May 3 , 1999 , a total of 74 tornadoes pummeled Kansas and Oklahoma , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . The states counted a total of 46 dead . Thirty-six died in Oklahoma City . The strongest tornado , rated a maximum EF5 on the Fujita Tornado Scale , tracked for nearly an hour and a half along a 38-mile path from Chickasha through south Oklahoma City and the suburbs of Bridge Creek , Newcastle , Moore , Midwest City and Del City . Monday 's tornado in Oklahoma city , with a preliminary rating of at least EF4 , also struck Moore and Newcastle . Dozens -- some of them elementary school children -- died , authorities said . The tornado "  hit along the same path of the May 3 tornado in 1999 , " said Gov. Mary Fallin . "  It 's just hard to believe that something like this could happen again to Moore itself . " According to the National Weather Service 's Storm Prediction Center , the 1999 Oklahoma City twister was among the costliest in U.S. history , with damage totaling at $ 1 billion . Albert Ashwood , director of the Oklahoma Department of Emergency Management , told reporters the two tornadoes are "  equally devastating . " 10 deadliest U.S. tornadoes on record "  And I think the fact that what we see so far today is going to be very similar if not exceed what we saw in 1999 , " he said . "  But keep in mind , any time there 's a loss of life , it 's a devastating disaster . " Heather Moore survived both the 1999 and Monday 's storms . "  It was very , very similar , " Moore told CNN 's Piers Morgan . "  Cars were turned over , some houses were half gone , some houses were all gone . ... All the trees are gone , all the power lines are gone . " U.S. Rep. Tom Cole , who lives in Moore , told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer the damage he was seeing on television Monday looked as bad as the 1999 tornado that destroyed more than 1,000 houses in his hometown . Moore is located between Oklahoma City and Norman -- home to the University of Oklahoma -- on the south side of the metropolitan area . The second deadliest tornado in the Oklahoma City area occurred on June 12 , 1942 , with 35 residents killed , according to the National Weather Service . How to help CNN 's Jason Hanna , Phil Gast and Caitlin Stark contributed to this report .	Governor of Oklahoma laments devastation to Moore Congressman compares damage of two storms The 1999 killer tornado hit some of the same neighborhoods ; it claimed 36 lives
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- With just over a week to go before the first presidential debate , both campaigns are weighing what they can do to take advantage of the three head-to-head matchups in October that will help decide the race . Republican pollster Whit Ayres said GOP nominee Mitt Romney must use the debates to "  score points " on the economy , the No. 1 concern of voters . "  The most important thing that Mitt Romney can do is give people confidence that he knows how to fix this economy , " Ayres told CNN 's Candy Crowley on "  State of the Union . " "  They do n't believe  President Barack  Obama has or can , but they are not yet persuaded that Mitt Romney can either . That 's the most important thing to come out of your debate . " While national polls like Gallup show Obama and Romney neck and neck , recent ones in Florida , Ohio , Virginia and Wisconsin -- key battleground states that will help determine the winner in November -- show the president pulling ahead , with much closer contests in Colorado and Nevada . That could make it harder for Romney to do what analysts say he must to win the White House -- carry all the states Sen. John McCain did in 2008 , plus about half a dozen that Obama turned from red to blue . Battleground polls seem to give Obama upper hand With the conventions over , the debates are the last opportunity for the two candidates to reach the kind of large television audiences that could help them win over the dwindling number of undecided voters and energize their bases . On ABC 's "  This Week , " conservative writer Ann Coulter said the debates would be important "  not because Romney is such a fabulous orator , but to the contrary -- for the first time , Americans will be able to see Romney unfiltered . And I think it will make a big difference . " And South Carolina Sen. Lindsey Graham said on "  State of the Union " that the former Massachusetts governor was "  in good shape " and the debates would help shift the focus from perceived gaffes and missteps made by Romney in recent weeks -- most notably his remarks calling 47 % of the U.S. population "  victims " who are dependent on the government -- to Obama 's record . Graham : It 's about your bank account , not Romney 's Swiss account Former President Bill Clinton told CNN 's Fareed Zakaria that Romney would have to explain the "  47 % " comments in the debates . The challenge for the president is to convince doubters , some of whom may have been supporters in 2008 , that his policies will succeed in turning the economy around . "  We 've got an electorate that is disappointed in the president they elected in 2008 , but not at all convinced that the Republican challenger offers a good alternative , " USA Today Washington bureau chief Susan Page told Crowley . Obama campaign senior adviser Robert Gibbs continued to try to lower expectations for the president on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  I think it 's always a big moment when two candidates get to sit side by side and answer the same question , " he said . "  Mitt Romney I think has an advantage , because he 's been through 20 of these debates in the primaries over the last year . He even bragged that he was declared the winner in 16 of those debates . So I think , in that sense , having been through this much more recently than President Obama , I think he starts with an advantage . " In other quarters , the discussion turned to whether the Romney campaign needed to make changes . Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker survived a recall election with the help of a strong Republican ground game that the Obama campaign believes is benefiting Romney in that traditionally blue state . Walker said he wanted to see more passion from the GOP contender and suggested he needed to spend more time campaigning . "  I think you got ta get off the hills and you got ta get out and charge forward , " Walker said on "  Fox News Sunday . " "  Certainly , in part , this is a referendum on this president , there 's no doubt about it . But I think for most Americans -- particularly in my state , where there 's an awful lot of swing , independent voters -- they want to know more than what 's wrong with this president . They want to know what 's right and what 's going to move this country forward . I think Mitt Romney 's got this plan . I want to see fire in the belly . " Republican National Committee Chairman Reince Priebus dismissed the handwringing among some Republicans about the state of the campaign and insisted Romney had a good week , despite an intense focus in the media on the "  47 % " comments , which were secretly recorded at a fund-raiser in Florida months ago . Priebus on Romney : ` Not the best week ' "  We had a good week last week , I think in retrospect , in that we were able to frame up the debate last week in the sense of , what future do we want , and do you want , out there for your kids and grandkids . And clearly , things are not going well in this country , " Priebus said on "  This Week . " Priebus ' comments echoed ones Romney made in a "  60 Minutes " interview set to air Sunday night , in which he said his campaign did not need a turnaround . "  Actually , we 're tied in the polls . We 're all within the margin of error , " Romney told CBS 's Scott Pelley , in excerpts released ahead of showtime . "  We bounce around , week to week , day to day . There are some days we 're up . There are some days we 're down . " Obama campaign officials say it is not the national polls but the swing state polls that matter . "  We 're either tied or in the lead in every battleground state 45 days out , " campaign manager Jim Messina told reporters in Milwaukee on Saturday . "  I think you will see a tightening in the national polls going forward . What I care way more about is Ohio , Colorado , Virginia , Wisconsin , etc. . In those states , I feel our pathways to victory are there . There are two different campaigns , one in the battlegrounds and one everywhere else . That 's why the national polls are n't relevant to this campaign . " Romney plans to spend part of the last full week before the October 3 debate on a bus tour in Ohio , while the president is scheduled to speak at the U.N. General Assembly on Tuesday , before making campaign stops in Ohio and Virginia . Romney rebuts conservative criticism of his campaign trajectory	Obama , Romney to face off in three debates next month Debates mark last chance to reach large TV audience of undecided voters Obama campaign trying to lower expectations ahead of October 3 debate National polls show close race , Obama with a slight edge in some battleground states
New Delhi  CNN  -- The Indian Supreme Court on Tuesday lifted its foreign travel ban on the Italian ambassador following Rome 's recent decision to send two marines back to New Delhi where they face trial over the killing of two fishermen last year , a lawyer said . The court barred Italian Ambassador Daniele Mancini from leaving India last month because of Rome 's refusal at the time to return the two marines , who had been allowed to go home temporarily to vote in national elections . Diljeet Titus , a lawyer representing the Italian side , said the Supreme Court had lifted its travel restrictions on Mancini after the two sailors -- Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone -- subsequently arrived back in India . Rome 's initial decision not to return the marines angered Indian government officials and Supreme Court justices , who noted that the Italian ambassador had given assurances to the court that they would come back to India after the elections . The two sides appeared locked in an impasse , with Indian Prime Minister Manmohan Singh saying Italy 's actions were "  not acceptable " and warning of "  consequences " for the two countries ' relations . But Rome backed down , announcing on March 21 that it would send Latorre and Girone back after receiving written assurances from the Indian government that the two men 's "  fundamental rights " would be protected . The two sailors agreed to the decision , it said . But the move created some dissent in the ranks of Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti 's government : Foreign Minister Giulio Terzi resigned March 26 over the matter . Italy has argued that the February 2012 shooting involving its marines happened in international waters and was therefore outside of Indian jurisdiction . Latorre and Girone say they mistook the Indian fishermen for pirates . On Tuesday , the Indian Supreme court scheduled a hearing for April 16 to seek the Indian governmentÂ ¹ s response on plans to set up a special court for trying the two Italian men , Titus said . CNN 's Harmeet Shah Singh reported from New Delhi , and Jethro Mullen wrote from Hong Kong .	The two Italian marines arrived back in India last month They are accused of killing two Indian fishermen last year Rome had initially refused to send the marines back from voting in elections The Indian Supreme Court said the Italian ambassador had assured they would return
CNN  -- After expressing condolences and outrage over events in Pakistan , presidential candidates turned their discussion toward whose foreign policy credentials were better . Hillary Clinton , then U.S. first lady , meets with Benazir Bhutto in Pakistan in 1995 . In a campaign that had been drifting toward economic issues , the assassination of former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto and the turmoil in Pakistan could refocus voters on who is best qualified to deal with crises in other parts of the world . "  My theme has been throughout this campaign that I am the one with experience , the knowledge and the judgment . So , perhaps it may serve to enhance those credentials , " said Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona . Locked inside a tough three-way battle for the Democratic nomination in Iowa , Sen. Hillary Clinton has spent a year calling herself the most experienced , most qualified candidate in the field . She stressed her ties with Bhutto and the tragedy of her death . "  This is one of the most important elections of our lifetime , and it certainly raises the stakes high for what we have to expect from our next president , " the New York senator said . Watch how the assassination is resonating on the campaign trail " Sen. Barack Obama 's camp , which has spent a year pushing back on criticisms that he lacks experience , insisted they welcome the renewed talks on foreign policy and called attention to Clinton 's "  yes " vote on the Iraq war . "  She was a strong supporter of the war in Iraq which we would submit is one of the reasons why we were diverted from Afghanistan , Pakistan and Al Qaeda , who may have been players in this event today . So that 's a judgment she 'll have to defend , " said Obama adviser David Axelrod . The Clinton campaign said the suggestion that her vote caused unrest in Pakistan is baseless , adding that this is a time to focus on the people of Pakistan and not politics . When asked about Axelrod 's remarks late Thursday , Obama told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer that , "  This is one of those situations where Washington is putting a spin on it . ... He in no way was suggesting Hillary Clinton was somehow directly to blame for this situation . " The Illinois senator added that "  it 's important for us to not look at this in terms of short-term political points scoring . " Watch the showdown on foreign policy " But the candidates all reacted , in part because of the gravity of the event , in part because they are just days away from the January 3 Iowa caucuses . Conversation quickly moved from condolences to campaign issues . Former New York Mayor Rudy Giuliani talked terrorism , connecting the attack in Pakistan to the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . "  America feels a connection because of the attacks that took place here , " he said . McCain , who along with Giuliani scores best on national security , bluntly challenged Giuliani 's foreign policy experience . Watch how the GOP candidates are reacting " "  He did a great job post-9 / 11 in handling a post-crisis situation , but I do n't know how that provides one the credentials to address national security issues , " he said . New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson said he would call on Pakistan 's President Pervez Musharraf to step down . "  What is in U.S. interest is for there to be a stable , democratic Pakistan that is fighting terrorists . Right now , we have the worst of all worlds , " he said Friday on CNN 's "  American Morning . " But Former Tennessee Sen. Fred Thompson said calling for Musharraf to step down would n't be a good idea . "  I hope that we as candidates out here do n't start lobbying these ideas that get plenty of attention but are not very sound , " Thompson told CNN . Former North Carolina Sen. John Edwards said he called Musharraf and "  urged him to continue this democratization process . " Democratic hopeful Joe Biden , chairman of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , said Bhutto 's death was a "  genuine tragedy . " Watch how the Democrats are responding " "  Ladies and gentleman , the stakes are incredibly high . They are incredibly high . If Pakistan falls into complete turmoil , martial law is declared again , you end up with a state that is being run by a dictator ; ladies and gentleman that does not bode well for Afghanistan , Iran , Iraq , India , " he said . The shift in focus might not play out well for former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , whose foreign policy credentials have been under a microscope since he admitted to journalists that he was unaware of a major report on Iran 's nuclear weapons program . He appeared to make another minor gaffe Thursday when he seemed to suggest incorrectly that Pakistan was currently under martial law . Later Thursday , Huckabee told CNN that "  it was not that I was unaware it was suspended , two weeks ago , lifted . ... The point was , would it be reinstated , would it be placed back in ? All of the aspects of martial law have not been completely lifted even now . There 's still a heavy hand Musharraf has used . " If voters see a high-stakes drama in Pakistan , that could resonate at the polls . Most of the candidates said they did n't want to turn the assassination into a talking point , but it is just a week before the Iowa caucuses , and world events not only change the conversation -- they can change a campaign . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Candy Crowley , Dana Bash and Suzanne Malveaux contributed to this report .	Discussion on campaign trail turns to foreign policy , national security , terrorism Candidates trying to portray themselves as the one with the most experience Richardson says he would call on Musharraf to step down , Thompson disagrees McCain challenges Giuliani 's foreign policy experience
London , England  CNN  -- A British court sentenced a Saudi prince Wednesday to the maximum penalty of life in prison for murdering his servant . Prince Saud Abdulaziz Bin Nasser Al Saud will have to serve a minimum of 20 years , a court official said . For now , it will be in a British jail , since Britain and Saudi Arabia do not have a prisoner transfer agreement . The prince was found guilty Tuesday of both murder and grievous bodily harm in the February killing of Bandar Abdulaziz in a case prosecutors said had a sexual element . Abdulaziz died after a severe beating left him with swelling and bruising of the brain and fractured ribs and neck . He also had bite marks on his face , ears and arm . The prince had not denied killing Abdulaziz , but said he had not intended to do so . He did not take the stand in his own defense . Because the prince did not deny killing Abdulaziz , the jury 's job was to determine if he was guilty of murder or manslaughter . To do that , jurors had to determine the prince 's state of mind and his intent at the time he killed Abdulaziz . They took just over an hour and a half to reach a verdict . Police said after Tuesday 's verdict that the prince had shown no remorse when he was questioned about his servant 's death , instead "  concocting a story " about how he died . "  When that was found to be a pack of lies , he tried to claim diplomatic immunity , " but did not qualify for it , John McFarlane of London 's Metropolitan Police told journalists outside the court Tuesday . Prosecutors said the prince 's systematic mistreatment of the victim had a sexual element . The bites suffered by Abdulaziz were not a factor in his death , but had "  an obvious sexual connotation , " prosecutor Jonathan Laidlaw said in his opening statement two weeks ago . The two men were in London earlier this year as Al Saud took in Morocco , the Maldives and other European cities on a long global holiday with Abdulaziz as his companion . Al Saud 's lawyer , John Kelsey-Fry , said in his closing argument Monday that Al Saud "  must live with the consequences " of having killed Abdulaziz , but he never intended to harm him . He also disputed suggestions from the prosecutor and several witnesses that the prince and his aide had a gay relationship . During their visit to London , the two men shared a hotel room , went shopping together and stayed out late in bars and nightclubs . CNN 's Richard Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Saudi prince will have to serve at least 20 years , official says Prince Saud Abdulaziz Bin Nasser Al Saud was found guilty Tuesday by British court The jury said he committed murder and inflicted grievous bodily harm The prince had not denied killing his servant , Bandar Abdulaziz
CNN  A few days ago , when British journalist Charlene White posted on Twitter an apparently unretouched photo of supermodel Cindy Crawford , she launched a firestorm of debate over what women 's bodies should look like as they get older . The image showed the 48-year-old Crawford looking sultry , but imperfect , in black lingerie , her bared stomach and thighs characterized by what appears to be some cellulite , wrinkles and sun damage . "  Take a bow , Mrs. C , " White tweeted . To many , this was a welcome change from photos of the latest celebrity who 'd gone the cosmetic surgery route . Over the last year , when Hollywood stars like Renee Zellweger and Uma Thurman appeared in public with new faces , there was speculation that they got plastic surgery and the public reacted with harsh judgment . So it 's no surprise that when photo of Crawford was shared all over social media , many people commended White for making it public and Crawford for having "  the guts " to open herself up to such scrutiny . White told CNN , "  Women come in all sorts of different shapes and sizes . I think it 's important to see all sorts of body shapes on our screens and in our magazines so that people have a true reflection of what people look like . " But the photo was not , it turns out , from Marie Claire , as White acknowledged . It 's an unpublished outtake from a 2013 photo shoot from Marie Claire Mexico and Latin America , which is owned by a different publisher . The image was shared by White without Crawford 's knowledge or permission . The irony here , of course , is that White took ownership of an objectified version of Crawford 's body in exactly the same way she set out to criticize others of doing . White said to CNN , "  I want people to feel like magazines are n't responsible for their happiness when it comes to their bodies , but magazines also have a responsibility to show us an array of images . ... No one has the right to tell other people how to feel about their body . " And yet , is n't that exactly what White did ? Crawford lingerie image stirs debate over what ` real women ' look like If White had done her journalistic due diligence , should n't she have made sure the woman in the photo actually felt comfortable having such an intimate photo of herself broadcast to the world ? White does n't know how Crawford feels about that image , and we still do n't know .  The supermodel has not yet commented on the photo .  In releasing the image , White made an example of one woman 's body to satisfy a personal agenda -- that magazines should show more "  realistic " images of women . On "  Good Morning America , " White said , "  I thought I would tweet the picture because I found it incredibly empowering to see someone as beautiful and iconic as Cindy Crawford in her natural form . " To be sure , there is some comfort to be found in that photo . One of the world 's most famous models has cellulite ! One of the most recognizable female icons grows old and ages just like the rest of us ! But in praising this photo , are we implicitly saying that we respect the aging process only when it mirrors our own or when it shows some imperfections ? After all , what we like here is that Cindy , in fact , does n't look all that amazing , and to say she does resonates as more than a little condescending . She is beautiful , to be sure , but what we 're celebrating as "  real " are her flaws . The release of the photo and the response it has generated is quite the opposite of inspiring . The message it seems to convey is that the only way we celebrate a woman 's aging body is when we bear witness to its flaws . After all , we call women like 32-year-old Australian model Erin McNaught , who released photos of her toned body four weeks after giving birth , "  vain , " "  insecure , " and "  attention-seeking " because we do n't find any comfort in seeing those photos . So let 's call a spade a spade . We do n't like Crawford 's image because it 's "  real . " We like it because it 's a little startling and a little unattractive , and therefore makes us feel better about ourselves . But that is n't what empowerment is -- using others ' faults to downplay or justify our own . We 're also not cheering Crawford 's bravery in showing the world what even the most genetically blessed 50-year-old women look like , since the photo was very likely shared without her permission . We 're using her to make ourselves feel better . Which , of course , could not be more unattractive .	An unretouched photo of supermodel Cindy Crawford was posted on Twitter by journalist Charlene White Peggy Drexler : We do n't like Crawford 's image because it 's "  real , " we like it because it 's a little unattractive
CNN  -- Alicia A.S. Duque knew she had some pounds to lose , but she had no idea how much being overweight affected her until the television cameras started rolling . Alicia Duque performs with her partner on Oxygen 's new hit "  Dance Your Ass Off . " "  Going into it , I knew it was a TV show , I knew it was a weight-loss show and I knew it was a dance show , but I did n't think I was going to learn so much about myself through the process , " said the 23-year-old Duque , a contestant on the new show "  Dance Your Ass Off . " "  I did n't know how many issues and problems I had with my weight until I faced it on the show . " Duque 's struggle with weight loss is one of many on television that is resonating with those tuning into programming aimed at and featuring the plus-sized . Style Network 's "  Ruby , " NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser , " Lifetime 's "  Drop Dead Diva " and Fox 's forthcoming dating show "  More to Love " all center on the overweight and are tapping into an audience that can relate to the desire to shed a few pounds . Obesity has risen dramatically in the United States during the past 20 years , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . And this year television has seen an increase in shows featuring participants and stars who look more like the viewing public . Oxygen Channel 's "  Dance Your Ass Off " combines elements of ABC 's "  Dancing With The Stars " and NBC 's "  The Biggest Loser . " Contestants learn dance routines for which they are judged before weighing in to determine how much they have lost . Amy Introcaso-Davis , senior vice president of original programming and development at Oxygen , said dance and diet are two areas of interest for younger viewers of the channel , so combining the two made sense . The 12 contestants , from the smallest to the largest , have struck a chord with viewers , she said . "  People find the contestants so relatable , " she said . "  We cast very purposely across the board in terms of how many pounds people needed to lose -- we had anywhere from people who needed to lose 40 -LSB- pounds -RSB- to over 150 . " The premier of "  Dance " rated highly for Oxygen , with more than 1 million viewers tuning in . Oxygen also found success earlier with "  Mo'Nique 's F.A.T. Chance , " a plus-size pageant where women of substance strutted their stuff to be crowned "  Miss Fabulous And Thick . " For a nation grappling with obesity , Introcaso-Davis said , there is a hunger for such shows . "  If you have five pounds to lose or you have 150 pounds to lose , it 's something you think about all day long , " she said . "  You take a bite of cheesecake and you think ` Should I be doing this ? ' " Esther Rothblum , a professor of women 's studies at San Diego State University and co-editor of the forthcoming anthology "  The Fat Studies Reader , " said she wonders if part of the appeal of plus-sized shows stems from the overweight being held up for public ridicule . The subject of her book is an emerging field that has been defined as "  confronting and critiquing cultural constraints " against notions of "  fatness " and "  the fat body . " "  Most people feel too fat in this country and are made to feel very unhappy with their bodies , " she said . "  So by portraying somebody who weighs so much more than they do , it 's almost a way to make the audience feel like ' I could look worse ' or ` At least I 'm not them . ' " Ruby Gettinger said she supports any show that does not mock the overweight . Her hit show "  Ruby " started out as a documentary and has transformed Gettinger into a reality star who has lost more than 100 pounds and appeared on "  Oprah . " "  We are really all on this journey together , and I tell -LSB- viewers -RSB- that all of the time , " said Gettinger , who at her heaviest weighed 716 pounds . "  There are a lot of shows out there and I think people are trying to find a way to beat it and lose weight . " Gettinger , who is traveling around the country walking in various cities to inspire fans to become more active , said shows featuring the obese can really touch the audience if they are authentic . " -LSB- My show -RSB- is the truth , not to say that the others are n't , " she said . "  When I started out on this journey and met with Style -LSB- Network , which airs the show -RSB- I said ' I have to keep my truth because this is about my journey and addiction and I want to deal with that because too many people are struggling . ' " Her show portrays her grappling with everything from temptation to embarrassment at having to visit the gynecologist , but Gettinger said it 's all worth it if it inspires others . Actress Marissa Jaret Winokur , who starred in the Broadway musical "  Hairspray , " said she agreed to host "  Dance Your Ass Off " because she saw the potential for inspiration in viewers witnessing overweight people being active and feeling confident and sexy -- even in skimpy dance outfits . Reality television has become so popular because viewers are attracted to watching real people , and there is a craving for viewers to see folks like themselves , she said . "  It became that so many people on reality shows were only beautiful skinny people , and I think a lot of people got sick of that , " said Winokur , who has been blogging about her own struggles with weight for People magazine . "  Really , who 's home watching TV is the everyday person who is not a TV model . I think there is much more interest in watching people like yourself . "	Shows about and featuring the overweight are flourishing "  Dance Your Ass Off " drew more than a million viewers for its premier Star of show says programs resonate because of truth Professor wonders if shows inspire ridicule of the overweight
CNN  -- A recent , widely discussed column in Slate rekindled an old debate about women , drinking and rape . It argued that young women should not become intoxicated because studies have shown that drinking , and the incoherence it produces , can lead to rape . Last week , in an article in USA Today law enforcement officials identified alcohol as "  the No. 1 date rape drug , " and health care providers urged women not to conduct themselves in ways that increase the likelihood of sexual assault . The conclusion that these articles draw from studies and health professionals show just how far we have not come in understanding the inextricable link between power , violence , misogyny and rape culture . Indeed , some who have contributed to this dialogue have come perilously close to blaming the victims of rape for their own attack . In The Daily Campus , Southern Methodist University 's student-run newspaper , student Kirby Wiley last week , argued that "  If the media would focus more attention on the fact that the majority of the women who are sexually assaulted are intoxicated , as opposed to stating and restating how horrible the perpetrator is , then maybe young women would start to listen . " SMU student op-ed links drinking irresponsibly with rape Focus more attention on the drinking habits of women than on the viciousness of rapists ? As Jasmine Lester -- the founder of Arizona State University 's Sun Devils Against Sexual Assault , a group that aims to cut sexual violence -- recently told me , "  rapists are rapists , regardless , and it 's dangerous to focus on telling potential victims what not to do rather than focusing on punishments for rapists . " Warning women about heavy drinking places the burden of not being sexually assaulted squarely on the shoulders of victims , and when they are raped this twisted dynamic often leads them to blame themselves for their own mauling . This is particularly disturbing because there is no female behavioral pattern that will thwart an assailant who is determined to harm them . The bottom line is that the victims of rape should not be expected to have forestalled their attack , and are never to blame for it , even if they are a drunken "  hot messes " at the afterparty . My mother and other feminist mentors taught me at a young age that rape is about power , control and the more widespread problems embedded in our enduringly misogynistic society . Many men believe that women , as allegedly weaker people , should be conquered , and that rape is merely an assertion of inherent masculinist supremacy . Many men simply do not subscribe to women 's historian Gerda Lerner 's "  radical notion that women are , " in fact , "  human beings . " We need to look no further for evidence of this than the Steubenville , Ohio , incident in 2012 in which a teenage girl was sexually assaulted , was dehumanized , and then blamed and vilified by some in her community and beyond , while others appeared to lament that the futures of her football-hero assailants were ruined by their rape conviction . In a similar case in Maryville , Missouri , this year , a teenage girl alleged she 'd been raped , the sheriff "  described it as a ` horrible crime ' , " declared that the perpetrators should be "  punished , " and then the county attorney declined to prosecute , saying "  there was not a criminal offense . "  The charges were dropped , but after a wide outcry , the case was , thankfully , reopened . Despite these realities and the frequency with which women are subjected to sexual violence , the dialogue of late has recalled pre-feminist movement denunciations of "  bad girls " who invite sexual assault by wearing provocative clothes , drinking too much and losing their wits . As a father of a young daughter , I find this very disturbing . Blaming excessive drinking for sexual assault among women is like blaming someone who left their keys in their car for the theft of their vehicle . Is leaving your keys in your car unwise ? Yes . Is it the cause of your car being stolen ? No . The person who stole your car is the responsible one . Besides , they do not need your keys to take your car . Sadly , the certainty of punishment for stealing a car is often much greater than the certaining of punishment for raping someone ; 97 % of rapists receive no punishment , according to an analysis by RAINN and the Justice Department . Even if someone is being "  stupid " and leaving his or her car unlocked , and it is stolen , few people will respond by saying "  we should not punish the car thief because who can blame him for taking advantage ? " If we want to help protect women from sexual assault , let us do so by ridding ourselves of misogyny and moving against the source of the problem , not the victim . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Matthew Whitaker .	Matthew Whitaker : Articles said women could avoid rape if they did n't drink too much He says it 's ridiculous to focus on women 's behavior and not crime of the rapist He says women should not be expected to prevent their rape , made to feel guilt if they did n't Whitaker : This discussion is retrograde . To prevent rape , fix misogyny , not women 's behavior
CNN  -- Luis Suarez has been hit with a 10-game ban for biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . The Liverpool striker was found guilty by the English Football Association Wednesday following the incident which occurred during his side 's 2-2 draw with Chelsea last Sunday . An FA statement read : "  A three-person Independent Regulatory Commission today upheld the FA 's claim that a suspension of three matches was clearly insufficient and the player will serve a further seven first-team matches in addition to the standard three . The suspension begins with immediate effect . "  The Liverpool forward had accepted a charge of violent conduct but had denied the FA 's claim that the standard three-match sanction was insufficient for the offense . "  The incident was not seen by the match officials and has therefore been retrospectively reviewed . "  Suarez has until midday on Friday , 26 April to appeal the additional suspension , above the standard three matches . " Liverpool managing director Ian Ayre was unhappy with the severity of the verdict . He told the club 's official site : "  Both the club and player are shocked and disappointed at the severity of today 's Independent Regulatory Commission decision . "  We await the written reasons tomorrow before making any further comment . " Suarez , 26 , had apologized for his actions and was heavily fined by Liverpool . "  I 've spoken to Ivanovic on the phone so I could apologize directly to him , " he tweeted . "  Thanks for accepting . " He added : "  For my unacceptable behavior the club has fined me . "  I have asked the club to donate the money to the Hillsborough Family Support Group for the inconvenience I have created to the Liverpool fans and to Ivanovic . " It would appear that Suarez 's past record has been taken into account by the FA . The Uruguay striker was given an eight-match ban and a $ 63,000 fine back in 2011 after being found guilty by the FA of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . Suarez also courted controversy in Holland while at Ajax where he was banned for seven games after biting PSV Eindhoven midfielder Otman Bakkal 's shoulder during a match in November 2010 . The Uruguay star , who has scored 23 goals in the English Premier League , has even drawn criticism from British Prime Minister David Cameron . "  It is rightly a matter for the football authorities to consider , " a Downing Street spokesman said . "  As part of their consideration , I think it would be very understandable if they took into account the fact that high-profile players are often role models . " Suarez 's ban is by no means the most severe handed out by the FA . In 1998 , current Sunderland manager Paolo Di Canio was banned for 11 games after pushing a referee while playing for Sheffield Wednesday . In 2003 , Manchester United and England defender Rio Ferdinand was suspended for eight months after missing a drugs test . Another Manchester United star , Eric Cantona , was banned for nine months after launching a kung-fu style kick at a supporter during a game at Crystal Palace in 1995 . Former Australia goalkeeper Mark Bosnich was also punished with a nine-month suspension after testing positive for cocaine in 2003 .	Liverpool striker Luis Suarez hit with 10-game ban by English Football Association Suarez has until Friday at midday GMT to appeal against punishment Liverpool "  shocked and disappointed " at decision
When I visit Jerusalem and the West Bank , I frequently ask young Arabs about their views on Hamas . In almost every discussion , Christians and Muslims alike refuse to label Hamas as a "  terrorist " organization . When I raise criticism of Hamas and its targeting of innocent civilians , my comments never register . The responses are some variation of "  Israel has taken over our lands and killed thousands of Arab civilians over the years . Hamas is only resisting occupation and fighting for our rights . " I hear similar sentiments in Egypt , Saudi Arabia and even non-Arab Pakistan . Al-Jazeera Arabic gives prominence to the popular Egyptian Muslim Brotherhood cleric Yusuf al-Qaradawi , who has repeatedly called suicide bombings against Israelis not terrorism , but "  martyrdom . " He argues that since Israelis all serve in the military , they are not civilians . Even children , he despicably argues , are not innocent . They would grow up to serve in the military . Qaradawi is not alone . I can name tens of Muslim clerics , important formulators of public opinion in a region dominated by religion , that will readily condemn acts of terrorism against the West , but will fall silent when it comes to condemning Hamas or Islamic Jihad . Put simply , support for violent resistance against Israel among Arab and Muslim-majority countries -- including allies of the United States such as Qatar , Saudi Arabia , Egypt , Turkey , Tunisia -- remains popular . Opinion : How this could be the last Gaza war Hamas benefits from that support . From radical Iran to moderate Tunisia , Hamas ' Prime Minister Ismail Haniyyeh was welcomed by vast cheering crowds during visits this year . In a new Middle East , where popular opinion matters more than ever before , to demand that people condemn Hamas is a political nonstarter . It wo n't happen . Israel 's talk of Hamas terrorism has failed to convince the Muslim and Arab masses . And worse , the label of "  terror " loses its importance when entire populations , essentially , see nothing wrong with Hamas 's violent activities . In short , Israel 's strategy has failed to win Muslim hearts and minds . In the long term , it can not continue to rely on military superiority and Western support in the face of popular hostility . Israel is a nation in the Middle East , and it needs to find a home and place among its increasingly democratic neighbors . The old ideas of "  we do not talk to terrorists " are not only strategically futile , but also untrue . Timeline : Israel-Gaza conflict In order to secure the release of kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , Israelis  in both official and unofficial capacities  negotiated with Hamas . In spite of the Netanyahu government 's bluster about refusing to deal with Hamas now , securing a cease-fire involves doing exactly that with the help of Egypt 's new Islamist government . In the past , Israel refused to talk with the PLO and Yasser Arafat , and in 1988 , despite Israel 's intransigence , the United States opened a dialogue with the PLO and thereby helped steer the organization to its nonviolent politics today . Similar examples abound in recent history from South Africa , where Margaret Thatcher once called the African National Congress and Nelson Mandela terrorists , to Northern Ireland 's Sinn Fein . Opinion : Messages of Gaza violence -- Hamas ca n't be ignored In short , when the political calculations shift , the actions of terrorists are altered . Lest we forget , George Washington was labeled a terrorist by the British . But that label carried little weight amid his support base in America . Today , Israel 's labels of terrorist mean nothing to the people of the region . Newly empowered , their views and attitudes matter . Israel can not continue to swim against the tide . For its own security , to strengthen the interests of the United States in the region and to show recognition of the changes that are sweeping the entire Middle East , Israel needs to change . It must talk directly with Hamas . The old game is over . Hamas is here to stay . In 2004 Israel killed its founder Ahmed Yassin , and then his successor Abdel Aziz Rantisi Rantissi and now the head of its military wing , Ahmed al-Ja ` abar , each time vowing to weaken Hamas , only to see it return stronger . Those mistakes can not be repeated again . To demand that Hamas abandon violence , change its charter , or recognize Israel is not the beginning , but should be the end results of a peace process that builds trust over a period of time . To impose these as preconditions and thereby exclude Hamas , while also neglecting the Fatah government in the West Bank , is to give a clear message to Arabs that no strategy  that of Fatah or Hamas  is to Israel 's liking . Such perceived arrogance further alienates populations in important countries such as Turkey and Egypt , not to mention the Palestinians . The United States needs these newly emerging democracies on its side . Better relations with 300 million Arabs helps secure Israel too . A stronger America in the region is good news for Israel . A tiny nation of seven million can not be allowed to damage ties between 360 million Americans and 300 million Arabs . Conversely , Arabs have a duty to recognize Israel as home to the children of Abraham , the descendants of Moses . Opinion : Israel 's mission in Gaza is not about security Across the Arab world , from Tunisia to Yemen , we are witnessing turmoil and the rise of violent Salafi organizations . Attacks on U.S. embassies recently served as a potent reminder of the forces that are being unleashed . Israel can help itself , its neighbors and the United States by at least ending its old tactics of war and embracing the Arab peace plan offered since 2002 by Saudi Arabia and endorsed by the Arab League . It is time for Israel to act like the democracy it claims to be and end the siege of Gaza and the occupation of the West Bank .	Ed Husain : In Middle East visits he notes clerics , young Arabs do n't view Hamas as terrorist Husain : There 's support for violent resistance against Israel among Arab , Muslim countries He says Israel 's might wo n't bring peace ; time to make Hamas part of process Husain : Israel should end war tactics , embrace Arab peace plan offered since 2002
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Russell Armstrong had no alcohol , prescription drugs or illegal substances in his body when he died last month , toxicology results released Wednesday by the coroner concluded . The Los Angeles County coroner ruled last month that Armstrong committed suicide by hanging himself with a rope . He appeared with his wife on Bravo 's "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills . " Assistant Chief Coroner Ed Winter dismissed any speculation , raised by a celebrity news website report , that Armstrong could have been murdered . His wife , Taylor Armstrong , agrees that it was a suicide , Winter told CNN . He said she told him in a conversation Wednesday that she does not believe her husband was murdered . Russell Armstrong was found dead at a home in the hills above the Los Angeles suburb of Bel Air last month , police said . His wife had filed for divorce in July , telling People magazine that she was verbally and physically abused during their nearly six-year marriage . Armstrong , who was defending himself against a multimillion-dollar lawsuit , was financially drained at the time of his death , his lawyer Ronald Richards said . His credit cards had been suspended , adding to the pressure , he said . Armstrong complained before his death that the reality show was going to "  crucify " him in its upcoming season , his mother said last month . John Ann Hotchkiss said she would like to see more investigation into her son 's death . "  I do n't think he would do this , " she said Wednesday evening on HLN 's "  Issues " with Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  He loved his family . He loved his children almost to a fault . They were everything to him . " "  Absolutely it was not a suicide , " said Armstrong 's sister , Laurie Armstrong Kelsoe . "  This is real to our family , " Kelsoe told HLN 's Nancy Grace . "  We need to put a face on this man that they have depicted as a monster , and he is not . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	NEW : Mother , sister disagree with finding , want more investigation The coroner ruled the death was a suicide by hanging Taylor Armstrong agrees her husband killed himself , a coroner official says The "  Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " cast member was found dead last month
CNN  You 'd expect a conversation with Mulatu Astatke to be about music . He is , after all , the father of a musical genre : Ethio-jazz . But when he talks about the art form , he tends to focus on its scientific merits . "  When you start talking about jazz , they 're usually telling us that Africans contributed to the rhythm parts of jazz music , but it 's not only the rhythms . We have contributed to the science of jazz as well , " he says . While innovators like Charlie Parker may get credit for the creation of modern jazz music by using diminished scales  as done in classical music by composers like Claude Debussy  , Astake offers an alternative view : "  In southern Ethiopia , there are tribes called the Derashe -- I call them the scientists of music . By cutting different size bamboos , -LSB- they -RSB- have been playing this diminished scale -LSB- for centuries -RSB- . So who first created it ? Debussy , Charlie Parker , or the Derashe tribes ? " Unsurprisingly , I 'm not the only one who 's been presented with such questions by Astatke , whose passion about Africa 's contribution to music extends back to the 1960s when he went on to fuse the traditional Ethiopian five-tone scales with western 12-note harmonies to give life to a whole new music genre : the hypnotizing and eerily seductive soundscape of ethio-jazz . Music pioneer Astatke , whose performance Saturday at Africa Utopia was one of the highlights of the London-based festival , has been outspoken about his country 's cultural heritage throughout his five-decade career . Yet , the father of ethio-jazz first had to go outside Ethiopia to find his musical calling . Born in Jimma , southwestern Ethiopia , in 1943 , Astatke was sent to Wales as a teenager to further his high school studies , with the goal of studying aeronautical engineering . It was there where his fascination with music began , after being encouraged by his teachers to pick up various musical instruments . Astatke quickly discovered his natural musical talent -- and has never looked back . After shelving plans to study engineering , he moved to London to study classical music at Trinity College . During those years , he also started performing live , playing congas and timpani in various clubs across the London capital . Keen to explore jazz , Astatke then decided to enroll at Boston 's Berklee College of Music , becoming the famed institution 's first African student . At Berklee , Astatke analyzed the work of jazz giants -- anyone from Duke Ellington and Count Basie to Gil Evans and John Coltrane -- but was also encouraged to explore his own musical vision . "  I remember at Berklee we had a fantastic teacher who always used to tell us , ` guys , be yourselves , ' " says Astatke . "  So I started concentrating , working things out my own way and experimenting . " The result was a captivating musical fusion of the four pentatonic Ethiopian modes with western jazz . "  I started combining the five notes against the 12 notes , and it 's not easy , " recalls the multi-instrumentalist , who after Berklee moved to New York and recorded three albums with the Ethiopian Quintet . "  It 's so difficult because it can easily lose the beauty , the character and the feel of the Ethiopian modes and scales , " he continues . "  I really had to think and work out how to combine it both and come up with something beautiful and very interesting -- that 's how Ethio-jazz was created , in New York . " Cultural ambassador By the late 1960s , Astatke had returned to Ethiopia , bringing his electrifying new sounds with him . At first , his radical approach was met with some resistance , especially his use of instruments like vibraphones , electric pianos , trumpets and wah wah pedals . Yet , he eventually managed to win the hearts and minds of his co-patriots and became a leading figure in the "  Swinging Addis " era of the late 1960s and early 1970s , when the Ethiopian capital of Addis Ababa became famous for its experimental music scene and vibrant nightlife . During that period Astatke also got to work with one of his heroes , Duke Ellington , escorting the great American jazz composer during his visit to Ethiopia in 1973 . "  We talked about Ethiopian music and the great African contribution -- especially the tribes in Ethiopia , " recalls Astatke , "  and I made him listen to our great traditional music players . " Astatke enjoyed a successful career in the last years of Haile Selassie 's reign and continued making music after the Ethiopian emperor got deposed in 1974 by the Derg military regime , which lasted until the early 1990s . But his big break -- at least for the wide public -- came in 2005 , when award-winning director Jim Jarmusch decided to use Astatke 's music for his bittersweet masterpiece "  Broken Flowers . " "  Jim helped so much for my success , he 's a great man , " says Astatke , recalling his first ever encounter with the American filmmaker . "  I was playing in New York and his secretary called up one afternoon and said Jim Jarmusch would love to come to your concert , " says Astatke . "  I said OK , you 're welcome ... We met backstage after the concert and I remember him telling me , ` Mulatu I 've been a fan of your music for a long time , do you mind if I use your pieces in my film ? I said , ` great , just go ahead , there 's no problem . ' " Jarmusch used Astatke 's music as the soundtrack to the travels of Bill Murray 's character , and even included an Ethiopian character in the story . The film was widely successful , and helped to introduce Astatke 's music to a large and diverse audience -- from jazz and funk enthusiasts to hip-hop and rap fans . Several successful tours , collaborations and recordings have since followed , as well as a number of academic accolades -- in recent years Astatke has been awarded an honorary doctorate from Berklee , has completed a Radcliffe Institute Fellowship at Harvard and is working with MIT on creating modern versions of traditional Ethiopian instruments . "  Sometimes I just do n't believe myself , " says Astatke . "  I am really so surprised when I see that we play for 120,000 people in Japan ; in Glastonbury I played twice for 140,000 people , " he continues . "  There are some great people who created something and probably died before seeing the fruit -LSB- of their work -RSB- . But I 'm still alive , seeing my music being played all over the world . I 'm very happy and very pleased to see this thing happening while I 'm alive . "	Mulatu Astatke is the creator of ethio-jazz He blended traditional Ethiopian music with western jazz and funds The pioneering musician was the first African to enroll at Berklee College Astatke 's music was used in the soundtrack of Jim Jarmusch 's "  Broken Flowers "
CNN  -- The new president of the American Medical Association , which represents the interests of the nation 's doctors , said Wednesday the group is open to a government-funded health insurance option for people without coverage . Dr. Rohack called 2009 "  the year we need to have affordable health insurance coverage for all Americans . " Dr. J. James Rohack told CNN the AMA supports an "  American model " that includes both "  a private system and a public system , working together . " In May , the AMA told a Senate committee it did not support a government-sponsored public health insurance option . "  The AMA does not believe that creating a public health insurance option ... is the best way to expand health insurance coverage and lower costs across the health care system , " the organization wrote , explaining that a public insurance plan could lead to "  an explosion of costs that would need to be absorbed by taxpayers . " Rohack , who recently became AMA president , suggested Wednesday that the Federal Employee Health Benefit Program available to Congress members and other federal employees could be expanded as a public option . That would avoid having to create a new program from scratch , he said . "  If it 's good enough for Congress , why should n't it be good enough for individuals who do n't have health insurance provided by their employers ? " Rohack said . He said AMA opposed expanding Medicare coverage for senior citizens into a broader general public plan , noting the plan is "  going broke " and fails to cover the costs of participating doctors . His comments come as President Obama is pressing Congress to push through a comprehensive bill to reform the nation 's ailing health care system this year . Obama told a town hall meeting Wednesday the rising costs of health care threaten the economy and are unsustainable . Even health-related industries including drug companies were now acknowledging the need for reform , he said . Watch Dr. Rohack discuss health care reform " Rohack said 2009 is "  the year we need to have affordable health insurance coverage for all Americans . " He said a reformed system must include access for everyone , the freedom to choose your doctor , and the freedom for doctors to provide the best possible care . Rohack also called for efficiency measures such as electronic record-keeping to reduce administrative costs , as well as protection for doctors from excessive malpractice lawsuits . The 162-year-old AMA has about 250,000 members , including practicing physicians , medical students and retired doctors . Overall , there are more than 900,000 doctors in the United States . Obama recently delivered a major health care policy speech at the AMA 's annual meeting in Chicago , Illinois . CNN 's Elizabeth Cohen contributed to this story	AMA president says doctor group is open to publicly-funded health insurance In May , AMA said it did not support a government-sponsored insurance option Comments come as President Obama tries to pressure Congress on reform AMA represents 250,000 of the country 's more than 900,000 doctors
CNN  -- Alaska election officials will begin counting write-in ballots Wednesday despite a federal court challenge by the campaign of Republican U.S. Senate candidate Joe Miller , state director Gail Fenumiai said . The complaint filed in federal court Tuesday afternoon asks Fenumiai 's office to "  adhere " to state law in the counting of write-in ballots , limiting what the suit called "  subjective " voter intent rules that were issued this week . Miller 's campaign has blasted the Division of Elections ' standards as "  extraordinarily ambiguous . " The suit requests a court hearing Wednesday over the rules and asks for an injunction . The guidelines say poll workers must consider the voter 's intent when determining whether to count a ballot for a write-in candidate . The Miller suit says , according to state election law , that a write-in vote ca n't be accepted if the voter did not correctly write either the full name or last name of a candidate ; the voter wrote a candidate 's name incorrectly , or misspelled it ; or the name written on the ballot is not the name used on the candidate 's certificate of candidacy . "  The Miller Campaign has consistently maintained that every valid , lawful vote should be counted , " campaign attorney Ton Van Flein said in a statement . "  We have further held to the expectation that the state laws , as written , should be followed , and that they should not be changed now , after the votes have been cast . "  Yesterday , the state issued a new policy -- after the votes have been cast -- imposing a new election standard for write-in ballots , " he continued . "  We believe this action to be unconstitutional and contrary to express legislative mandates . " Miller is believed to be locked in a tight race with incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski , who ran as a write-in candidate . In last week 's election , Miller received 34 percent of the vote , Democrat Scott McAdams , who conceded , collected 24 percent and 41 percent of ballots were for write-in candidates . Based on pre-election polling , the vast majority of write-in votes are expected to go to Murkowski , who lost to Miller in the Republican primary . Murkowski , however , was one of 161 eligible write-in candidates , giving Miller hope that he might still win . He currently has about 13,000 fewer votes than the write-in total . "  It is clear the Miller campaign wants to exclude as many votes from being counted as possible , " Murkowski campaign manager Kevin Sweeney said early Wednesday . Murkowski said she intends to caucus with the Republicans should she return to the Senate . "  I 'm not my party 's nominee , but I am a Republican , " she said . With a victory , Murkowski would avenge her August primary loss to Miller in the latest chapter of a feud with his main backers and her long-standing tension with former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who backed Miller . Murkowski was first appointed to her post by her father , then-Gov . Frank Murkowski , in 2002 . Palin defeated him in the 2006 GOP gubernatorial primary . CNN 's Steve Brusk and Kristi Keck contributed to this report .	Miller campaign challenges election rules Elections official says write-in vote count will start Wednesday Incumbent Sen. Lisa Murkowski is believed to have won nearly all of the write-in votes
