It 's been three years since I reported on the plight of the Rohingya Muslim people of western Myanmar and neighboring Bangladesh . We called our documentary "  A Forgotten People , " and it looked at appalling incidents where boatloads of refugees fleeing poverty and persecution arrived in Thailand only to be towed back out to sea and abandoned by the Thai security forces . Hundreds died or went missing . WATCH : The Forgotten People : Part 1 | Part 2 | Part 3 Since then , the Rohingya have remained off the political agenda in western countries . But now that 's changing . U.S. President Barack Obama addressed their plight during his recent visit to Yangon . The lukewarm response he got in the auditorium was nothing to the vitriol he got online . Even mentioning the name Rohingya is controversial for some in Myanmar . We have come to Rahkine to report on the latest threat to the Rohingya . What we have found is shocking . The Rohingyas are among the most persecuted people on the planet . In both Myanmar and Bangladesh -- where they have a deep-rooted heritage dating back to when it was known as East Bengal -- they are not officially citizens and are denied passports , access to health-care , education and decent jobs . Each country claims the Rohingya is the other 's problem . In July this year , the Bangladeshi government ordered three international aid organizations to stop helping Rohingya who were crossing the border from Myanmar . In Myanmar , their perilous situation has become markedly worse in recent months . Mobs of Buddhist Rahkine extremists have been torching whole Rohingya villages . Hundreds have died and more than 100,000 people have been forced to flee , according to humanitarian groups . But there is nowhere for them to go . So driven by fear many are congregating in huge makeshift camps on the edge of the Rahkine town of Sittwe . I was expecting the camps to be grim -- but I was n't prepared to see children starving to death . This is n't journalistic hyperbole . The two western doctors working unofficially here have watched several children perish before their eyes -- not from a rare tropical disease or an untreated chronic condition , but simply from malnutrition . I find it sickening and outrageous that this is happening in a land of plentiful food in 2012 . Perhaps I am naïve or too idealistic . I should probably know better , I should have seen enough of the world 's misery and violence to be unaffected by a wide-eyed kid too fatigued to swat the flies from her eyes . But this one broke my heart . She 's not alone . An assessment in August by Refugees International found that "  2,000 acutely malnourished children who were at a high risk of mortality . " Thousands of kids like Saulama Hafu are starving to death . International aid agencies are beginning to wake up to the scale of the problem . The United Nations has just launched an appeal for US$ 41 million . Tents , wells and latrines have been installed in some of the camps , but according to Refugees International , camp facilities are "  unacceptable and fall well below international standards " and "  are a direct manifestation of a funding gap . " They say water and sanitation facilities in particular are "  wholly inadequate , resulting in life-threatening illnesses . " Many Rohingya are surviving on a cup of rice each day and little else . It 's not enough for breast-feeding mothers to sustain their babies . It 's not enough for adults . It 's not enough for little Saulama , whose skeletal body is as light as a doll 's . She looks like a famine victim but she is starving to death in a camp surrounded by paddy fields full of rice . There 's a busy market a couple of miles away , but her mother is effectively imprisoned here . This is a man-made crisis that could be ended immediately , with political will . I asked Saulama 's age , thinking that she looked like a toddler . My own daughter is three and is considerably larger , so I guess perhaps she was two . I was appalled when her mother told me Saulama is five-years old . In the west , she 'd be in her first year of school . Here , she could be in the last year of her life . She 's so thin she can barely walk . Her limbs are pitifully emaciated . After six months in this camp , she looks like she ca n't go on . The doctors have not been given visas to help here , so they can only get the most basic supplies . The Myanmar government is reluctant to allow aid workers to help people who do n't officially exist . But the reality is that there are an estimated one million Rohingya in Western Myanmar and at least a tenth of them have been driven from their homes . Yet driving around Sittwe , away from the camps , you rarely see a Rohingya in the town center . When we asked a Rohingya driver to bring us back from the camps to our hotel to sort out a problem with our camera , the hotel manager was furious . He told us in no uncertain terms not to use a Muslim driver again and said people had seen the driver come into the hotel and had complained . It is apartheid of the most extreme form . Near Sittwe University , which sits amid several Rohingya villages and camps , RohingyaS on foot , bicycle or scooter are forced to pull off the road when Buddhist Rakhine students are leaving classes . Sharing the same stretch of tarmac as a Rohingya is unacceptable for many Rahkine Buddhists ; heaven forbid a Rohingya should attempt to board the same bus or eat in the same restaurant . Aung Mingalar is the last neighborhood of Rohingya living inside the town of Sittwe ; the rest of population is now under canvas or tarps out in the countryside . This island of Rohingya houses is now effectively a ghetto surrounded by barbed wire . The soldiers that patrol the area are supposed to protect the Rohingya from further attacks by hostile locals , but videos taken by Rohingya purportedly showing an outbreak of violence in Aung Mingalar in June show the troops doing little to put out fires set in Rohingya homes . The Rohingya fear more attacks here , but can do little to stop the gangs of extremists who they say were orchestrated by a local Rahkine nationalist party . The spokesman for that party denies involvement , but has open contempt for the Rohingya , flinching when I even mention the term . He says it 's a recently made up word , and that the Rohingya are simply Bengalis from neighboring Bangladesh . Ominously he goes further . He does n't just want to kick all Rohingya out . He wants all Muslims out of Rakhine state , including officially recognized ethic groups like the Kaman . The anti-Muslim sentiment has spread across Myanmar , with protests outside a mosque in the main city of Yangon . The International Crisis Group report on the situation is deeply worrying , while Human Rights Watch has also completed some important work , highlighting the atrocities , with satellite photos showing the vast areas of destruction . What has disappointed many is that Nobel laureate and pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi took a long time to speak out clearly to uphold Rohingya rights and condemn the extremists . She recently told Indian Broadcaster NTV : "  Violence is something I condemn completely , but do n't forget that violence has been committed by both sides . This is why I prefer not to take sides and also I want to work towards reconciliation between these two communities . I 'm not going to be able to do that if I 'm going to take sides . " Suu Kyi elaborated further , saying : "  There 's a quarrel whether people are true citizens under the law or whether they have come over as migrants later from Bangladesh . One of the very interesting and rather disturbing facts of this whole problem is that most people seem to think as that there was only one country involved in this border issue . But there are two countries . There 's Bangladesh one side , there 's Burma on the other and the security and the security of the border is surely the responsibility of both countries . " But in the past she has referred to Rohingyas with the pejorative term "  Bengalis " suggesting some should not be recognized as citizens in Myanmar . The whole issue has tarnished the glow of fast-paced reform in Myanmar . While the rest of the country is enjoying freedoms not experienced in 60 years of military dictatorship , in Rahkine State the ethnic cleansing is continuing with impunity . It demands the attention of the international community , for the sake of children like Saulama ... before it 's too late .	Rohingya are a stateless Muslim minority living in Myanmar 's Rakhine state Thousands have been forced to flee the region amid persecution from Buddhist majority They are driven to refugee camps where conditions are extremely poor U.S. President Barack Obama raised the issue during his recent visit to Myanmar
CNN  -- Police in Texas are looking for a convicted murderer after a tip led them to a body in his back yard . Last week , Harris County Sheriff 's Office investigators received a Crime Stoppers tip about a body being in a barrel at a northwest Houston address . The homeowner , Dennis Anderson , 64 , was not home when police arrived but a roommate allowed them to check the property . Court documents say an old , rusted barrel with black paint on it was found and pried open . "  Upon opening the barrel , investigators discovered the skeletal remains of an unknown person , " a statement from the Harris County Sheriff 's Office says . The decaying body was that of a female , and it had been wrapped in a bed sheet and trash bags and was covered in dirt , the documents say . The legs had been tied together by what appeared to be weed trimmer line that also was tied to the neck of the victim . Authorities examining the barrel said it appeared to have been in place for some time , and noted that the bolts on top were rusty . The victim had been dead for several months , the documents say . The remains were taken to the Harris County Institute of Forensic Sciences for identification and to try to find the cause of death . While no charges have been filed against the homeowner , authorities are now searching for him . "  Mr. Anderson is only wanted for questioning at this time , " said Christina Garza of the Harris County Sheriff 's Office . Michelle Lyons of the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said Anderson was sentenced to life in prison for committing a double murder in 1972 , but was paroled after serving 17 years . He also had concurrent sentences for theft and arson , Lyons said . More recently , he was sentenced to 180 days in prison for theft , and was held from July 12 to August 13 of this year . According to court documents , the tipster who led police to the body said Anderson had told him he had strangled a person and placed the body in the barrel . The informant also said Anderson had told him he takes the barrel with him when he moves from state to state .	A Crime Stoppers tip led police to look for a body in a backyard barrel Harris County Sheriff 's investigators are searching for the homeowner He previously served 17 in prison after being convicted in a double murder
CNN  Marvin Gaye 's children have penned an open letter in the hope of "  set -LSB- ting -RSB- the record straight on a few misconceptions " in the media 's coverage of their successful lawsuit against the writers of Robin Thicke 's 2013 hit "  Blurred Lines . " Nona Gaye , Frankie Gaye and Marvin Gaye III 's joint letter mainly dives into the background and legacy of Marvin Gaye 's "  Got to Give It Up , " the 1977 single the court found to have been copied by Thicke and co-writer Pharrell Williams . Read more : Kendrick Lamar 's ` To Pimp a Butterfly ' : A track-by-track guide In the letter , the siblings imagine how their father would have handled the situation . "  If he were alive today , we feel he would embrace the technology available to artists and the diverse music choices and spaces accessible to fans who can stream a song at a moment 's notice , " the siblings wrote . "  But we also know he would be vigilant about safeguarding the artist 's rights . He also gave credit where credit is due . " Read more : Paul McCartney , Stevie Wonder , Fall Out Boy to induct Hall of Famers Even though the outcome of the lawsuit favored the Gaye family , the children claim that all of this could have been avoided if Thicke and Williams had approached the family before releasing the single , especially since the similarities were deemed to be not coincidental . "  Like most artists , they could have licensed and secured the song for appropriate usage , " the family stated . "  This did not happen . We would have welcomed a conversation with them before the release of their work . This also did not happen . " Read more : Kelly Clarkson talks ` Since U Been Gone , ' going country and upbeat new LP Thicke and Pharrell Williams lost the copyright suit on March 10th . Following the court 's decision , the lawyer representing Marvin Gaye 's family has sought to halt all sales of "  Blurred Lines . " Since the proceedings , the family had noted some similarities between Gaye 's "  Ai n't That Peculiar " and Williams ' "  Happy , " though the family has confirmed in the open letter that they "  have absolutely no claim whatsoever concerning ` Happy . ' " Read the full open letter from Marvin Gaye 's children below : An Open Letter from the Children of Marvin Gaye 3/18/15 We want to extend our deepest appreciation and gratitude for the outpouring of love and support we have received from all of our father 's fans and friends , as well as artists and industry folks who contacted us surrounding the recent events concerning his song , "  Got to Give It Up . " Your kindness and encouragement gave us incredible strength and perseverance . We are so incredibly grateful for your support as well as the hard work and dedication of our amazing legal team and experts . We thank you all . We especially want to thank our mom Jan for her belief in what we were doing all along , and for her never ending support . We will celebrate what would have been our dad 's 76th birthday next month , and though we miss him every day -- just like the many thousands of well-wishers who have expressed their heartfelt goodwill - it is through his music that we find our compass and our paths moving forward . We are his children , but we too are his fans and we hold his music dear . It is in that spirit and on behalf of all those who Dad always considered an extended family , his fans , we take this opportunity to set the record straight on a few misconceptions echoing through some news and social media platforms about our intentions , our plans , and the so-called ` larger ' ramifications of this case within the music industry . Originally released in 1977 , "  Got to Give It Up " became one of our dad 's most cherished hits , still a favorite at backyard barbecues , weddings , parties , on the radio , or on your iPod . As Oprah said , it is one of her "  favorite party songs of all time . " The comments on social media , emails and calls we received after the verdict affirmed for us that the song continues to touch in even deeper ways , becoming part of the soundtrack to so many lives . "  Got to Give It Up " is also recognized by Billboard Magazine as the fourth biggest single of the 30 charting hits our dad created during his extraordinary career . It has been nearly 38 years since its initial release : tastes change , trends evolve , but we should all be able to agree that it 's a testament to the enduring power of "  Got to Give It Up " that we have arrived at this juncture with Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams , at all . The fact that they have openly acknowledged their respect and admiration for the song is public knowledge , and further proof of its resonance with an entirely new generation of music fans . However , most songwriting begins with an organic approach ; a songwriter brings his or her influences to the table and then works creatively from a blank slate in the crafting of their song to ensure originality and the integrity of their creation . If Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams had tried to create a new song and coincidentally infused "  Got to Give It Up " into their work , instead of deliberately undertaking to "  write a song with the same groove , " we would probably be having a different conversation . Like most artists , they could have licensed and secured the song for appropriate usage ; a simple procedure usually arranged in advance of the song 's release . This did not happen . We would have welcomed a conversation with them before the release of their work . This also did not happen . Instead of licensing our father 's song and giving him the appropriate songwriter credit , Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams released "  Blurred Lines " and then filed a pre-emptive lawsuit against us , forcing us into court . They sought to quickly affirm that their song was "  starkly different , " than "  Got to Give It Up . " The Judge denied their motion for Summary Judgement , and a jury was charged with determining the "  extrinsic and intrinsic similarities " of the songs . The jury has spoken . We wanted to also make clear that the jury was not permitted to listen to the actual sound recording of "  Got to Give It Up . " Our dad 's powerful vocal performance of his own song along with unique background sounds were eliminated from the trial , and the copyright infringement was based entirely on the similarity of the basic musical compositions , not on "  style , " or "  feel , " or "  era , " or "  genre . " His song is so iconic that its basic composition stood strong . We feel this further amplifies the soundness of the verdict . Like all music fans , we have an added appreciation for songs that touch us in mysterious ways . Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams certainly have a right to be inspired by "  Got to Give It Up " but as the jury ruled , they did not have the right to use it without permission as a blueprint for a track they were constructing . Great artists like our dad intentionally build their music to last , but we as the caretakers of such treasures , have an obligation to be vigilant about preserving the integrity of the music so that future generations understand its origins and feel its effect as the artist intended , and to assure that it retains its value . We feel as many do that , our father , Marvin Gaye , is an artist for the ages . But whether we 're talking about a work created 50 years ago or a work created 50 years from now -- protecting the legacy of original artistry is not a personal obligation , but a universal commitment in support of enduring creative achievement , encouraging future artists to also aim for new ground and their own legacies . That is what copyright laws help us do ; they give people the incentive to write original songs and then help protect those songs . Our dad spent his life writing music - that is his legacy to us all - he wrote from his heart and was a brilliant songwriter , arranger , producer and one-of-a-kind vocalist . If he were alive today , we feel he would embrace the technology available to artists and the diverse music choices and spaces accessible to fans who can stream a song at a moment 's notice . But we also know he would be vigilant about safeguarding the artist 's rights ; a sacred devotion to not only the artist , but key in encouraging and supporting innovation . He also gave credit where credit is due . Howard King , the attorney for Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams stated after the verdict : "  We owe it to songwriters around the world to make sure this verdict does n't stand . My clients know they wrote the song ` Blurred Lines ' from their heart and souls and no other source . " We never for a minute suggested that Mr. Thicke and Mr. Williams ' hearts were n't in it . But a jury of eight men and women have ruled that the source for "  Blurred Lines " was the song "  Got to Give It Up , " a song our dad wrote from his heart , and delivered to the world with pure joy . With the digital age upon us , the threat of greater infringement looms for every artist . It is our wish that our dad 's legacy , and all great music , past , present , and future , be enjoyed and protected , with the knowledge that adhering to copyright standards assures our musical treasures will always be valued . And finally , we want to put to rest any rumors that we are contemplating claims against Pharrell Williams for his song , "  Happy . " This is 100 % false . We have absolutely no claim whatsoever concerning "  Happy . " Love and Respect , Nona , Frankie , and Marvin III Copyright © 2015 Rolling Stone .	Marvin Gaye 's children wrote an open letter about the "  Blurred Lines " lawsuit The family recently won its copyright infringement claim against Robin Thicke and Pharrell Williams Nona , Frankie and Marvin III say their father would have embraced new technology but safeguarded his creations
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Pakistani government is under pressure to block NATO supply routes to Afghanistan this month if the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in northwestern Pakistan . The demands from Pakistan Tehreek-e-Insaf  PTI  , the opposition party led by cricketer-turned-politician Imran Khan , come amid anger in Pakistan over the killing of Hakimullah Mehsud , the leader of the Pakistani Taliban , in a U.S. drone strike last week . The Pakistani government had been working on proposed peace talks with the extremist group when Mehsud was killed . "  Just as we were about to start talks -- the very day the Interior Minister planned to approach the Taliban -- a drone strike targeted the Taliban , " Khan said Monday in the National Assembly . "  So I ask you , Is the U.S. a friend or foe ? " His party is demanding that the national government block the ground supply lines to Afghanistan starting November 20 unless the United States ends the strikes , which have focused on Pakistan 's loosely governed tribal areas where many militants are based . Strike ` harmed ' peace efforts PTI , which campaigned heavily against drone attacks in Pakistan , holds the balance of power in the northwestern province Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa , through which one of the main NATO supply routes runs . Alongside Khan 's demands , the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa provincial assembly has passed a motion to block NATO supply lines if the drone strikes do n't stop by November 20 . There are two supply lines from Pakistan into Afghanistan : the one that passes through Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa and another that runs through the volatile southwestern province of Balochistan , where NATO tankers are often attacked . Pakistani Prime Minister Nawaz Sharif 's office said in a statement Monday that the drone strike last week "  has harmed the dialogue and peace efforts of the government . " "  But we believe that we will not ... allow the dialogue and peace efforts to get derailed , " it said . "  Diplomatic efforts will be continued to stop these attacks , " the statement said . "  Given Pakistani peoples ' resolve and sacrifices in this war against terrorism , it is incumbent upon the international community to support this endeavor of the government for the accomplishment of peace . The government of Pakistan will not allow any internal or external force to sabotage the dialogue process . " ` Ongoing dialogue ' The U.S. State Department said Monday that it had seen the PTI statements about the supply lines . "  We have a strong , ongoing dialogue with Pakistan regarding all aspects of our bilateral relationship , " said Marie Harf , a State Department spokeswoman . The supply routes , which are "  important to the U.S. , NATO , and Pakistan , " are fully open at the moment , Harf said . Pakistan closed the routes for several months after a NATO airstrike killed 24 Pakistani soldiers at a checkpoint near the Afghan border in November 2011 . The Pakistani Taliban , who have long been conducting an insurgency against the Pakistani government , claimed responsibility for the December 2009 suicide bombing at the U.S. Forward Operating Base Chapman in Khost , Afghanistan . Five CIA officers were among the seven U.S. citizens killed , along with a member of Jordanian intelligence . The group also claimed responsibility for a failed May 2010 attempt to detonate a car bomb in New York 's Times Square . The following September , the U.S. State Department designated the Pakistani Taliban as a foreign terrorist organization . Mehsud , who had a $ 5 million U.S. bounty on his head , was killed in northwestern Pakistan Friday , senior U.S. and Pakistani officials told CNN .	An opposition party calls for the routes to be blocked if drone strikes continue Politicians in Pakistan say the killing of the Pakistani Taliban leader has hurt peace talks "  Is the U.S. a friend or foe ? " asks opposition party leader Imran Khan Pakistan closed the routes for several months after a deadly NATO airstrike in 2011
Paris  CNN  -- The gesture could n't have been more dramatic , nor the setting more grand : 78-year-old French writer and historian Dominique Venner chose the altar of Notre Dame Cathedral in Paris to shoot himself in front of about 1,500 horrified visitors . Just before pulling the trigger , he had meticulously laid a letter on the altar for the police . Venner , a former paratrooper and member of the Secret Army Organization  OAS  , a group opposed to Algeria 's independence and which waged a war of terror against Charles de Gaulle and his government in the early 1960s , was a theorist of the French Extreme Right . Marine Le Pen , leader of the Extreme-Right National Front party , provoked controversy when immediately took to Twitter to salute Venner 's "  political gesture , " concluding that he had tried "  to wake France up . " "  Venner 's models were ancient Greece and ancient Rome , he was a pagan and an anti-Christian but chose a highly symbolic place of western civilization to kill himself , " commented Christophe Forcari in the French daily newspaper LibÃ © ration . Read more : Man kills himself at Notre Dame Cathedral Lately , Venner 's anger had focused on the same-sex marriage bill which became law last Saturday , and the abrogation of which , he thought , the French should seek in mass street protests . He dreamt , in fact , of a reactionary insurrection , a "  French Spring . " In a last post on his blog , he backed the anti-same-sex marriage march planned for this Sunday . He wrote that demonstrators were "  right to shout their impatience and anger " and that laws could be overturned if the people shouted loudly enough . A xenophobe , he loathed multicultural France and called for radical and symbolic acts to "  reawaken the memory of our origins . " By committing suicide in such a fashion , Venner certainly hoped to show the way to like-minded radical militants ; he recently wrote : "  sometimes words are not enough , they need to be substantiated by acts . " The four-month-long campaign on the same-sex marriage bill , during which supporters and protesters fought each other , sometimes violently , with hundreds of arrests , certainly antagonized the country in unexpected ways . If a majority of the French people backed equality of treatment and therefore civil union for all , with its strings of fiscal advantages , they did however split on the second part of the bill , and the question of adoption rights and access to IVF for gays and lesbians . Read more : Hollande signs same-sex marriage bill In France , unlike in Britain for example , adoption and IVF for gay couples -- alongside automatic joint parenting rights -- was still illegal until last Saturday and remains controversial , simply because it touches on the highly sensitive question of family and what family is made of . Surveys have showed that the divide is both political and generational : The Left is , for the most part , in favour of the same-sex marriage law while the hard Right , and leaders of the French Catholics , Muslims and Jews oppose it . The young , the educated and women are the main supporters of Hollande 's law . The National Assembly was the theater where such French uneasiness played out : The bill required 172 hours of heated and angry discussion , and was the most debated in recent history . Even the laws introducing abortion in 1974 , and the abolition of the death penalty in 1981 , required fewer hours of debate in parliament and proved less contentious . France is the ninth country in Europe  and the 14th in the world  to adopt same-sex marriage . The first civil union of this kind , between two gay men , will take place in Montpellier next week . It will likely take years for the whole of French society to adjust to this new reality . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Agnes Poirier .	Historian and writer Dominique Venner shot himself inside Notre Dame Cathedral 78-year-old right-wing activist was an opponent of France 's new same-sex marriage law Controversial law signed after lengthy , sometimes bitter and angry debate Poirier : Divide over law is both political and generational
CNN  -- In the Land of the Rising Sun , the fiscal year is setting in a sea of red . Mount Fuji glows red in the sunset , much like the year-end results of Japanese manufacturers . Electronics makers Hitachi and NEC Corp. , and carmaker Nissan all ended the year with a loss . Japan 's largest electronics maker , Hitachi lost $ 8 billion in the fiscal year ending March 31 , with consolidated revenues down 11 percent from last year . It was the largest loss ever recorded by a Japanese manufacturer , according to Shinko Research Institute . NEC Corporation lost $ 3 billion in the past fiscal year , down nearly 11.5 percent from last year . Meanwhile , Nissan lost $ 2.3 billion for the year Declines in the automobile , semiconductor and industrial equipment industries especially hurt Hitachi , as well as write-downs of securities due to the sharp declines in global stock exchanges . Watch more about Japanese stock values " Hitachi said it will cut unprofitable business lines , reduce staff and eliminate factories in Japan and overseas , but gave no specifics . Japanese firms have been hit hard by the credit crisis , which has driven up the value of the yen -- driving up the export cost of products to markets like the US , where consumers are spending less on durable goods such as automobiles and electronic products .	Hitachi 's annual loss of $ 8 billion biggest ever for Japanese manufacturer NEC Corp. loses $ 3 billion ; Nissan $ 2.3 billion Japanese manufacturers hurt by strong yen , soft overseas sales
CNN  -- Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg , Apple 's Steve Jobs and Microsoft 's Bill Gates have done it . So have Al Gore , George Lucas and John McCain . Those heavyweights and many more were all speakers at the annual D : All Things Digital conference , which begins Tuesday in Rancho Palos Verdes , California , near Los Angeles . Created in 2003 by tech columnists Kara Swisher and Walt Mossberg of the Wall Street Journal , the conference is a yearly showcase for tech industry leaders along with bold-face names from business , entertainment and politics . Over the years , the conference has become known for both its consistent roster of influential Web and tech figures and its relatively exclusive nature : It 's held at a luxury resort . Attendance is limited , with past events being held to 500 attendees .  CNN.com will be attending the conference , dubbed D9 because it 's in its ninth year , and reporting whenever its speakers make news  . Scheduled speakers include Twitter CEO Dick Costolo , Netflix CEO Reed Hastings , Walt Disney Co. . President and CEO Robert A. Iger and Groupon founder Andrew Mason . Tech , Web and social-networking companies have been known to roll out new features and gadgets at the conference . Much of the speculation this year is centered on whether Microsoft will leap into the tablet computer field , aiming to compete with the Apple iPad , RIM 's PlayBook and various Android devices . Steve Sinofsky , president of Microsoft Windows , is scheduled to speak at the conference , and Bloomberg cites anonymous sources saying he 'll be exhibiting new tablet software . The emerging mobile-payment space might also get some attention . Google 's Eric Schmidt and Twitter co-founder Jack Dorsey , now CEO of Square , are both scheduled to speak . Both of those companies made announcements last week about apps designed to let people make and receive payments using their mobile phones . Past D : All Things Digital conferences have produced some buzz-creating moments . In 2007 , Jobs and Gates sat down for a joint interview . In a particularly amusing segment  in retrospect  , Gates expounded on his ownership of a tablet computer and how such handheld slates could emerge in the future . Jobs , who would roll out the iPad just over two years later , just listened and smiled before vaguely predicting more "  post-PC devices . " Last year , Zuckerberg 's appearance at D8 brought him attention for all the wrong reasons . In an interview with Swisher and Mossberg , he grew sweaty and visibly uncomfortable with questions about Facebook privacy issues , ducking some of the questions entirely . The interview might have been a low-water mark at a time when Facebook was under attack over privacy and security concerns . Zuckerberg 's image would rebound in the following months with some smoother media outings , news of his generous charitable donations and , perhaps ironically , "  The Social Network , " the fictionalized movie about Facebook that many predicted would cast him in a negative light .	The D : All Things Digital conference begins Tuesday in California Tech conference was started in 2003 by technology columnists from Wall Street Journal Twitter , Disney , Netflix and Google leaders are among those set to speak
LONDON , England  CNN  -- With Manchester United continuing their top form from last season and aiming for what would be a remarkable clean sweep of trophies this year , it 's only appropriate that we should profile a blog somehow linked to the Red Devils . Fan focus : The Republik of Mancunia blog is popular with Manchester United supporters . The Republik of Mancunia blog focuses on the Old Trafford club and is updated daily with a keen following among thousands of Manchester United fans . Authored by Manchester-born and raised 25-year-old Scott  who prefers to remain anonymous  , the blog began in the 2005-2006 season . Scott , also known as "  Scott the Red , " told CNN that before starting the blog he had been published on several football sites , and then "  fell into " creating the Republik of Mancunia web site . "  I love talking about United and I 'm an argumentative guy , so getting to write my opinions down about the latest goings on is something I really enjoy doing . "  In 2005-2006  I was also getting on soapbox about the fact we were not in decline , which the current media at the time seemed to think we were , " he said . Scott said running a blog was a very difficult and time-consuming task , though he enjoyed the interaction with other fans . "  I imagine if I was n't in love with the club , I 'd have given up on it long before now . It takes up a lot of time and you get people who support other teams having a go at you on a daily basis , sometimes United fans and all ! " Scott said the readership of his blog , and also contributions to his Manchester United forum came from areas as widely spread as Europe , Africa and even as far as Asia and South America -- with a strong base at home in the United Kingdom . "  I find it odd thinking of some lads thousands of miles away and hours apart sat at a computer and reading my latest rant . I like it though ! "	CNN 's Football Fanzone profiles a football blog every month In March the profiled site is the Republik of Mancunia blog The Republik of Mancunia is a dedicated blog for Manchester United fans
CNN  -- With horrors emerging from Syria 's civil war with numbing regularity , it can be easy to lose sight of the fact that the uprising has not been waged only with guns . A creative and resolutely non-violent form of opposition to Bashar al-Assad 's regime has taken hold in Syria , as the country 's artists respond to the crisis with newfound boldness and purpose , despite the clear dangers in doing so . "  Since the uprising , the artists have broken through the wall of fear in Syria and are thinking in another way , " said Syrian journalist Aram Tahhan , one of the curators of an exhibition on Syria 's creative dissent -- Culture in Defiance -- currently on display in Amsterdam . "  The uprising has changed the artists ' thinking about the task of art in society , how they can do something useful for society , " said Tahhan . "  They have rewritten everything . " With works spanning from painting to song to cartoons , puppet theater to graffiti to plays , the exhibition traces the way that Syrian artists have used a range of creative techniques within traditional and new media to create political , populist art that that both brooks "  the red line " of dissent and engages the public in unprecedented ways . The regime is well aware of the power of visual images and art to mobilize public opinion , says Tahhan . After all , the uprising began when schoolchildren in Daraa were arrested for painting anti-government graffiti on the walls of a school last year . "  From the beginning the regime has known it 's dangerous to use the image , to use art , " said Tahhan . "  The camera is the equal of any weapon from the point of view of the regime . " A dangerous calling All of which has made producing political art dangerous , sometimes mortally so . Ibrahim Qashoush , a fireman and part-time poet from Hama , wrote popular anti-Assad songs that were sung demonstrations , most notably a number called "  Time to Leave . " Last July , his body was found dumped in a river with his throat cut out , vocal cords removed . A pen-and-ink portrait of the mutilated singer by artist Khalil Younes is featured in the exhibition , while Qashoush 's song is played in a section the curators call the "  Revolutionary Hit Parade . " Read also : Images of Tahrir -- Egypt 's revolutionary art The regime 's brutality has struck more established artists as well . The distinguished political cartoonist Ali Ferzat had his first piece published in a newspaper when he was 12 , produced a daily editorial cartoon for the official newspaper throughout the 1970s , and had direct contact with Bashar al-Assad throughout the early days of his presidency . "  I remember when he first walked into my exhibition at a cultural centre -- a tall dude with a large entourage . He asked me how he could access what the people were thinking and I told him to just talk to them , " Ferzat said , in an interview printed in the exhibition 's catalog . Ferzat 's cartoons had typically used symbols , and rarely depicted identifiable political figures . But three months before the uprising began , hoping to inspire others , he resolved to take a more strident approach . Writing a call to arms on his website -- "  We have to break the barrier of fear that is 50 years old " -- he began drawing senior regime figures , before breaking the final taboo by depicting Assad himself . "  It was a decision that took a lot of guts , but I felt it was time . No one could take their corruption anymore , " he said . In August 2011 , he said he was abducted by gunmen and brutally assaulted , his attackers focusing their violence on his hands . Ferzat has left the Syria to recuperate , but like many others in his position , has vowed to continue working and to return to his country . "  I just started drawing after healing , " he said . "  After I was assaulted and my hands were broken , someone asked me : Could I still find the courage to draw ? I told them I had been ashamed by the suffering of 13-year-old Hamza al-Khateeb . I am humbled by the culture and heart of people who can not draw or write but who are sacrificing their lives for freedom . " A technological revolution Not only are the artists of the Syrian uprising expressing political views more boldly than before , but they are employing new technologies to bring those works to a broader audience , engaging the public with art in an unprecedented way . Before the uprising , said Tahhan , art tended to be the preserve of only a relatively small circle of urban Syrians . "  But since , we have had a new kind of cultural production -- new songs , new theater , new cinema , new posters that make links between the artistic and the ordinary life of the people . Most of artists are concerned with what happens in the street : Checkpoints , the daily life of the people under tough conditions . " Read also : Tourists take Islamic "  pray-cations " Syria has poor internet infrastructure -- although this is changing slowly -- while censors have typically been wary of social media sites , according to press freedom organization , Reporters Without Borders . But under Bashar al-Assad , the regime had been increasing its visibility on the web . In February 2011 , shortly before the uprising began , Facebook was unblocked , and before that al-Assad and First Lady , Asma had their own pages on the site . According to Tahhan , Facebook and social media sites like it provided activists with a powerful medium for distributing subversive images . One piece of resistance art which has thrived on the internet , gaining hundreds of thousands of views online , is the daring satirical puppet show Top Goon : Diaries of a Little Dictator , created by the 10-member artists ' collective Masasit Mati . The leader of group -- drawn from theater , art , film-making and journalism backgrounds -- said he settled on finger puppets for their depiction of Assad and his regime because they were easy to smuggle through checkpoints , and because doing so removed the "  godlike aura " around Assad . "  He 's a puppet ; you can carry him in your hand , " the group 's anonymous director , Jameel , told curators . "  You can break him . You can actually deal with everything that is scary with laughter . " Syrians have begun referring to Assad using the name of Top Goon 's diminutive dictator , Beeshu , he added . "  It 's peaceful , effective protest . " Syria explained : What you need to know Documentary through art For other artists , their work has also played an important role in documenting a conflict that has largely been shielded from the world 's media by the regime . Khalil Younes , the painter , illustrator and video artist behind the portrait of Qashoush , believes the relative absence of journalists in Syria makes it incumbent on artists to capture the unfolding events . "  We saw hundreds of thousands of professionally taken photographs of the Egyptian revolution , " he told curators . "  As artists , we should make something that not only reflects on the  Syrian  revolution right now , but make something that will last two generations from now . " The uprising "  is n't just a people standing up to their government , to the regime ; it is a revolution with many aspects : An artistic revolution and a social one as well , " he said . "  Significantly , you can see people trying to introduce sensitive ideas to the public ; and it seems they are receptive , which itself is a sign of social change . " Christa Meindersma is the director of the Prince Claus Fund , the Dutch culture funding body behind the exhibition . She said the exhibition , which runs at the Prince Claus Fund Gallery until late November and is curated by Malu Halasa , Tahhan , Leen Zyiad and Donatella Della Ratta , was attracting interest from galleries around the world wanting to represent Syrian artists . The exhibition "  really gives a different picture to what is going on , in addition to what we see on television , " she said . "  Which is of course also a reality , but this is a reality -- a very important one . " Attendees are often surprised by the diversity of the work being produced , and by the humorous , subversive tone of many artists , she said . "  It is very difficult for civilian artists and activists right now who want to work non-violently while there is so much violence going on , " she added . "  Yet there 's a large dose of humor , notwithstanding the situation . They say they have moved beyond fear . " Follow the Inside the Middle East team on Twitter : Presenter Rima Maktabi : @rimamaktabi , producer Jon Jensen : @jonjensen , producer Schams Elwazer : @SchamsCNN , writer Tim Hume : @tim_hume and digital producer Mairi Mackay : @mairicnn .	Syria 's uprising has politicized and emboldened the country 's artists They say they have moved beyond fear , although they now face greater dangers A protest singer 's throat was cut and a cartoonist 's hands broken A major exhibition of Syrian political art is currently on display in Amsterdam
This one was big but it 's not the Big One . An 8.2-magnitude earthquake struck off the coast of northern Chile Tuesday night , triggering small landslides , setting off a tsunami and killing at least five people . But geologists say an even larger quake in the region is lurking . "  This magnitude 8.2 is not the large earthquake that we were expecting in this area , " said Mark Simons , a geophysicist at Caltech in Pasadena , California . "  We 're expecting a potentially even larger earthquake . " It could be tomorrow . Or it could be 50 years . "  We do not know when it 's going to occur , " he said . Here 's why : Chile sits on an arc of volcanos and fault lines circling the Pacific Ocean known as the "  Ring of Fire . " This area sees frequent earthquakes and volcanic eruptions . The country itself has seen no shortage of seismic activity in recent years . Since 1973 , Chile has had more than a dozen quakes of magnitude-7 .0 and above . Powerful earthquake strikes off Chile , triggers tsunami In 2010 , about 500 people died when an 8.8-magnitude earthquake hit . That quake was so violent , it moved one whole city about 10 feet west . Simons says Tuesday 's quake is of interest because the fault line along Chile 's coast has constantly shifted during the last 140 years . In recent weeks , this area has seen a cluster of activity -- something like 50 to 100 smaller quakes . Then , late last month , a 6.7 and a 6.1 magnitude quake struck . When quakes happen , the surface ruptures . The two sides of the fault slip past each other . But the area to the north and south of Tuesday 's quake "  did not rupture in this event , " Simons said . And it 's "  still an area that has n't ruptured in 140-odd years . " Given that it 's an area of frequent quakes , and frequent ruptures , it may only be a matter of time . "  We expect another 8.8-8 .9 earthquake here sometime in the future , " Simons said . The good news ? "  It may not occur for many , many years . " What you need to know about earthquakes Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes The place where two earthquakes hit every hour	Geologists say an even larger quake in the region is lurking Scientist : "  We do not know when it 's going to occur " Chile has seen no shortage of seismic activity in recent years
London  CNN  -- Woody Allen famously said in "  Annie Hall " that the only cultural advantage to Los Angeles was that you can turn right on a red light , but in truth the "  City of Angels " is bursting with culture . World-class museums including the Getty Center , the Los Angeles County Museum of Art and the Museum of Contemporary Art are must-see destinations for art-lovers , whose touring exhibitions easily rival those in London and New York . The LA Opera , directed by world-renowned tenor Placido Domingo , art fair Art Los Angeles Contemporary and LA Fashion Week are all helping cement the city 's identity as one of the US 's major cultural hubs -- and that 's before mentioning its number one industry , Hollywood . Though difficult to navigate on foot , the city is a wonder of small communities , intriguing local landmarks and remnants of Hollywood 's golden age . CNN World 's Treasures selects some of the best spots to experience the cultural side of Los Angeles , from galleries to historic landmarks . SEE : Commercial galleries have sprung up all over the city in the last decade , boasting impressive exhibitions of local and international contemporary art . Artists such as Ed Ruscha , John Baldessari , Chris Burden and the late Dennis Hopper have put the city firmly on the map but it was established as an important hub in the 1960s , when the Ferus Gallery famously showed Andy Warhol 's Campbell 's Soup Cans . Today , galleries are concentrated on La Cienega , Wilshire and Washington Boulevards and spaces to visit include Blum and Poe , credited with bringing the work of Japanese artist Takashi Murakami to the US , and David Kordansky . Also on any art-lover 's itinerary is Gagosian Gallery in Beverly Hills -- in January the gallery is showing work by UK artist Damien Hirst . Meanwhile , take a tour of the city 's major museums ; head to the Museum of Contemporary Art and enjoy its current exhibition of work by photographer and fashion designer Hedi Slimane . Or take your time and wander through Chris Burden 's installation "  Urban Light " at the Los Angeles County Museum , and peruse the permanent collections at the Getty Center and the Hammer Museum at UCLA . Currently the Getty and Hammer are staging exhibitions celebrating the city 's artistic innovations since World War II , among a number of other institutions . VISIT : If you are feeling foot-sore from your travels around the city 's art institutions , rent a car and drive to the Watts Towers , a weird and wonderful labor of love built by Italian immigrant Simon Rodia between the 1920s the 1950s . These strange spiral towers , made of scrap , steel and cement and decorated with bits of bottle and seashells , have been an inspiration to artists ever since they were built . The site is now managed by the Watts Towers Art Center , which also stages an annual jazz festival . Los Angeles 's other architectural highlights include Pierre Koenig 's Case Study House No. 22 , which overlooks the city ; LA-based starchitect Frank Gehry 's Walt Disney Concert Hall in downtown LA ; Anderton Court Shops , a small shopping mall near Rodeo Drive designed by Frank Lloyd Wright ; and the Eames House in the Pacific Palisades neighborhood . TOUR : No trip to LA would be complete without a tour of Hollywood 's key hot-spots : Grauman 's Chinese Theater , the Hollywood Walk of Fame and Beverly Hills . Alternatively , take a spin around famous movie locations such as Mulholland Drive , Sunset Boulevard and Chinatown on your own tour . Los Angeles also has a rich literary history , and the city features as a sometimes glittering , often shady , backdrop to classic noir fictions by Raymond Chandler and John Fante . Even F. Scott Fitzgerald penned his own eulogy to the city in the unfinished "  The Last Tycoon , " which he wrote while working as a script-writer there in the 1930s . For those looking for something a little more highbrow than the usual Hollywood tour , look no further than Esotouric 's literary tours of the city , which cover the neighborhoods and landmarks featured in the novels of Chandler , Fante and Charles Bukowski , allowing you to walk in the footsteps of Philip Marlowe or Arturo Bandini . STAY : A perennial favorite among celebrities and visitors to the city is the Chateau Marmont , which featured as the real set for Sofia Coppola 's recent film "  Somewhere . " Modeled on a castle in France 's Loire Valley , the Chateau Marmont has for years been a hideaway for celebrities behaving badly and a haven for Europhiles , and its popularity continues to grow . Even if you 're not staying , you can sip a languid cocktail in the beautifully-designed Bar Marmont .	Though often disparaged , LA is bursting with culture , from galleries to museums to historic landmarks The city 's museums and galleries are world-class , boasting contemporary , modern and classical art Literary tours of the city are becoming popular , allowing visitors to walk in the footsteps of famous noir fiction characters No trip to LA is complete without a visit to the legendary Chateau and Bar Marmont
CNN  -- A Ukrainian boxer known as "  Dr. Ironfist " announced Thursday he plans to run for the country 's presidency in 2015 , the state-run Ukrinform News Agency reported . "  I want to say that I can not be intimidated or stopped , " Vitali Klitschko , 42 , said from the Ukrainian parliament rostrum in the capital city of Kiev . "  In order to put an end to various attempts to get rid of me as a possible candidate , I want to say that I 'm running for president . " He added : "  I have a residence permit in Germany , but this does n't violate the Ukrainian legislation , and I 've always been a citizen of Ukraine . " In addition to having amassed a professional record of 47 wins  41 by knockout  and two losses , the 6-foot , 7Â 1/2 - inch heavyweight is the leader of the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform party . According to Klitschko 's website , he won the World Boxing Organization 's world heavyweight title in 1999 by knocking out Herbie Hide in round 2 , and -- following in the steps of Muhammad Ali , Evander Holyfield and Lennox Lewis -- has won a heavyweight belt three times . He has run twice for mayor of Kiev , holds a master 's degree in social development , a doctorate in sport science , is married and has three children . Klitschko : Why I sold my Olympic gold medal for $ 1M	"  I can not be intimidated or stopped , " says "  Dr. Ironfist " Klitschko 's professional record is 47-2 He leads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reform
CareerBuilder.com  -- Stories rule our lives . When we were young , we told our parents detailed narratives , which originated from our imaginations . As we grew older , we told stories  er , lies  to our parents to keep us out of trouble . And we shared anecdotes with our friends to make ourselves appear interesting enough to make them like us . Now as we try to "  make it " in the real world , telling a good story can help our careers , says Peter Guber , author of "  Tell To Win : Connect , Persuade , and Triumph with the Hidden Power of Story . " "  It occurred to me that everybody in business shares one universal problem : To succeed , you have to persuade others to support your vision , dream or cause , " Guber writes in his book . "  Whether you want to motivate your executives , organize your shareholders , shape your media , engage your customers , win over investors or land a job , you have to deliver a clarion call that will get your listeners ' attention , emotionalize your goal as theirs , and move them to act in your favor . You have to reach their hearts as well as their minds -- and this is just what story telling does . " Simply put , if you ca n't tell it , you ca n't sell it . The best part is that anyone can tell a story , Guber says . "  You do n't need a special degree to tell the story of your company , brand or offering and make it a powerful call to action . You do n't need money or privilege . This really is a vital skill that 's freely available to anyone . " The key is knowing how and when to tell a story effectively , whether it 's in an interview , at a networking event or if you 're making conversation with the CEO . "  In any situation that calls for you to persuade , convince or manage someone or a group of people to do something , the ability to tell a purposeful story will be your secret sauce , " he says . "  Purposeful " is the key word , Guber says . "  Purposeful stories have a goal , a call to action that tellers want their listeners to do . The power in telling a purposeful story makes the purpose -- the object of the story -- emotional rather than intellectual , and aspirational rather than inspirational , " he says . What you want to avoid is informational storytelling . While you should of course share facts about yourself , especially in terms of figure or data where possible , it 's more important to put that information in the context of a story . "  Very few people remember facts , figures and data . Research on memory absolutely shows that you can remember details of things much more effectively when they are embedded in a story , " he says . "  When you bond information with emotion , which is the catalyst in every story well told , the information is then experienced , ingested , emotionalized and thus recalled and acted upon more effectively . " Of course , not everyone has inherent storytelling skills , but that does n't mean they ca n't be learned . "  Practice , practice , practice . You will tap into your inherent resource , " Guber says . "  Be clear to yourself about what your intention is , that you want to be heard and felt and what you want as your goal . " Here are 12 quick tips to remember when telling purposeful stories that could help boost your career , from Guber 's book . 1 . Data dumps are not stories -- dump them , do n't tell them ! 2 . A purposeful story is a call to action -- be sure to make your call . 3 . Successful stories turn "  me " to "  we " -- align your interests . 4 . Be sure your story tells what 's in it for them . 5 . Be interested in what interests your listeners and they 'll find your story interesting and your goal compelling . 6 . Remember , the context in which you tell your story colors the story you tell . 7 . Your firsthand or witnessed experiences are the best raw material for your story . 8 . Employ the element of surprise . 9 . Craft the beginning to shine the light on your challenge or problem . 10 . Shape the middle around the struggles , then meet the challenge . 11 . End with a resolution that ignites in the listener your call to action . 12 . To tell a great story , make preparation your partner . & copy CareerBuilder.com 2011 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority .	Telling a good story can help boost your career Stories should be "  purposeful , " says author Peter Guber Advice : Successful stories turn "  me " to "  we "
CNN  -- It happens every four years , usually right around September . Calls come in from all over the United States from people threatening to flee their homeland if a candidate they despise wins the Oval Office . "  That 's the amazing thing , when they speak on the phone . They 're adamant . They feel very , very strong about it , " said David Cohen , a Montreal-based immigration lawyer . " ` This government does n't speak for me ' is the language that we often hear . " As a partner at the Campbell Cohen firm , which specializes in immigration to Canada , Cohen says he has received these calls for decades . It sometimes makes him "  feel like a therapist because they vent for a while , get this cathartic release . " But when it comes down to it , Americans do n't move to Canada unless it 's for a relationship or new job -- essentially , love and money . Opinion : Where Obama , and America , go from here Cohen says he can remember only three of four cases in more than 30 years that involved someone actually making good on their threat to move to Canada to escape an American president . This election cycle , he said , most of the calls "  tended to be conservative or Romney supporters . There were not as many from the other side , so maybe they had kind of a premonition . " It 's all part of the election season 's bluster cycle , and while partisan hot air is typical this time of year , this year 's squabbling has been "  palpably ugly , " even if most of it is just talk , said Jerrold Post , director of George Washington University 's political psychology program and author of "  Political Paranoia : The Psychopolitics of Hatred . " "  That 's always been the case : more extreme talk than actions , " he said . "  You can entertain any idea you want to , but there 's a difference between having an idea and acting on an idea . " "  But , " Post added , "  throw enough ugly ideas into a pot and something is going to boil over . " Sure , Facebook and Twitter were rife with threats to leave the country if Barack Obama or Mitt Romney won , but we 've also seen the more serious headlines . Bryan Fischer of the evangelical group the American Family Association reportedly said last week , "  I think there will be blood " if Obama wins . In north Georgia , the president of the Cottages of Woodstock homeowners ' association , a residential community for the elderly , said he would shut the complex 's gates for fear of "  negative repercussions  that  may occur because of the results of the election , " The New York Times reported . In August , Lubbock County , Texas , Judge Tom Head warned that the country could descend into civil war if Obama was re-elected and , as the county 's emergency management coordinator , he considered whether he 'd have to "  call out the militia " if Obama ordered U.N. troops to quell the uprising . Opinion : Obama 's critics , repudiated at last More recently , after Tuesday 's election results came in , real estate mogul and reality TV star Donald Trump called for "  revolution ! " and urged his 1.8 million Twitter followers to "  march on Washington and stop this travesty . " He further called on them to "  fight like hell and stop this great and disgusting injustice , " while proclaiming the country was now in "  serious and unprecedented trouble ... like never before . " Trump has since deleted the revolution missive . Post noted that Trump was at the forefront of the so-called "  birther movement , " which falsely claims Obama was n't born in the United States , so he was n't surprised to see Trump sound off , but "  the intensity of that was rather shocking . " Best Election Night tweets Asked if he thought Obama 's race played a part in the vitriolic nature of the polemics around the country , Post said it "  seems to be an issue that was played upon , but you can certainly have hatred and delegitimization with two white candidates as well . " One place where race played a factor is Oxford , Mississippi , where Ole Miss students "  exchanged racial epithets and violent , politicized chants " after Obama 's re-election was announced , according to the student-run Daily Mississippian . University police had to "  forcibly disperse " a crowd from a popular gathering spot on campus , the paper said . A university statement said the crowd reached 400 people at its pinnacle , and there were only two arrests for disorderly conduct . School Chancellor Dan Jones was quoted as saying Ole Miss "  universally condemned " the racial epithets and uncivil language , and he regretted that a few students had tarnished the reputations of those classmates "  who are more representative of our university creed . " Obama makes history again It appeared to be an isolated incident . In Lubbock County , GOP chairman Carl Tepper chuckled when asked if Judge Head 's ominous prediction about Obama 's re-election had come to fruition . "  No unrest , " he said . "  Just a lot of disappointed people . " The staunchly conservative county voted more than seven to three for Romney , he said , so now the focus moves to strengthening the Republican Party and "  carrying our message of self-reliance to the rest of the country . " "  Republicans are pretty naturally a law-and-order-type people , " he said . "  I 'm still satisfied America has this amazing , peaceful process of selecting government . No matter who wins , we still have our rights , our businesses , our schools , and life goes on . We 'll get 'em next time . " So , there are no tanks rolling through the nations ' metropolises , no disappointed partisans reaching for their rifles . As Tepper said , life goes on , as it does after each election cycle , despite the disappointment of those in the losing candidate 's camp . And those souls who swear they 're abandoning this land for fear of Obama turning tyrannical in his second term ? Yeah , not happening . Obama photo a social-media sensation Cohen , the immigration lawyer , said that though the calls inquiring about Canadian citizenship will continue for the next few months , he feels Americans are simply too loyal to leave the country they love . "  I 've had Americans tell me this : When your national anthem plays , the hair on their arms stands up , and that 's not like most people in the world , " he said . "  Americans at the end of the day are just a very patriotic group , and it does n't matter what side you 're on . " Post said he hopes bipartisanship will take hold on Capitol Hill , but it wo n't be easy because each party is torn by conflicting ideals : catering to their bases and governing in the best interest of the people . "  It 's hard to reach across the aisle and get slapped down , but that 's what has to happen . There 's a lot of wounds to heal , " Post said . No shortage of pressing issues for Obama 's next term	Montreal-based immigration attorney says Americans simply too patriotic to flee homeland Airwaves , social media filled with bluster , but expert says this year it 's ` palpably ugly ' Two arrested at University of Mississippi after racial epithets uttered at campus protest No unrest in Lubbock County , Texas , despite ` civil war ' prediction by judge
AOL Autos  -- Which star do you most associate with car-chase movies : Steve McQueen or Michael Caine ? Gene Hackman or Burt Reynolds ? Honor Blackman , star of the James Bond film "  Goldfinger , " poses on an Aston Martin DB5 car in 2002 . Although most car-chase movies pack some serious A-list talent , we like to think that in many cases the real star in this particular movie genre is the car : from McQueen 's super-tight Ford Mustang in "  Bullitt " to the stripped-down Dodge Charger in Quentin Tarantino 's "  Death Proof . " But which movie has the best car-chase scene in history ? We take a look . 10 . "  Cannonball Run "  1981 Almost everyone knows that Hollywood 's cheesy celebration of America 's intercoastal car culture is one big car chase involving spectacular cars , including a Ferrari 308 GTS , an Aston Martin DB5 and a gorgeous opening sequence where a Lamborghini Countach makes short work of a Pontiac Firebird police cruiser . But perhaps less well known is the original coast-to-coast sprint run undertaken by speed racer Erwin George Baker in 1914 . The 11-day drive made his name in the New York press , who forever associated him with the Chicago Express steam train christened "  The Cannon Ball . " Trivia : The ambulance driven in the movie by Burt Reynolds and sidekick Dom DeLuise was a modified Dodge Tradesman used by Car and Driver editor Brock Yates when he tried to resurrect the famous race in the 1970s , as part of a protest against the onset of 55 mph speeding limits nationwide . 9 . "  Death Proof "  2007 Quentin Tarantino continues to push the limits of speed and taste in "  Death Proof . " The film is a stock car - and violence-infused tale that features for a quarter of its run-time a fantastic chase sequence involving a stripped down bad-ass 1969 Dodge Charger and a heavily modified 1970 Dodge Challenger with a girl -- actress and former stuntwoman Zoe Bell -- splayed on its hood . Apparently , Tarantino came upon the idea for a "  death proof " car after filming the car-crash scene in Pulp Fiction and telling a friend he wanted to buy a Volvo for safety reasons . AOL Autos : 2009 Dodge Charger The friend informed him that a decent movie stunt team could easily "  death proof " any car for him . Hence was born the "  Death Proof " movie concept . And Stuntman Mike . Does n't that name still give you chills ? 8 . "  The Fast and the Furious "  2001 Car chases ostensibly over a half mile , otherwise known as street racing , received attention when "  The Fast and Furious " lifted the lid on a high-adrenaline Tokyo Drift racing scene that burgeoned in popularity in Japan and the U.S. in the late 1990s . The movie explored the phenomenon through a fictional world of ultra-hip hijackers who used heavily modified Japanese cars to steal high-end electronic components . It 's a cops and criminals yarn with a high-octane twist that features some seriously customized old-school cars including a Honda Civic , Toyota Supra and a Mazda RX7 -- though if you look closely , a retro Dodge Charger also features , too . AOL Autos : Honda Civic Tokyo Drift racing , where drivers work in teams while skidding all four wheels around a tight circuit , now features at many events on the IRL circuit , catching a tailwind from the movie 's popularity . Look out for the new "  Fast and Furious " film soon . 7 . "  Mad Max II : The Road Warrior "  1981 You 'd be hard pressed to name any of Mel Gibson 's cobbled-together vehicles in his 1981 sequel to "  Mad Max " -- which may boast the highest number of chopped and recharged V8s outside of Havana , Cuba -- but that does n't stop "  The Road Warrior " being considered a car-chase classic and one of the best action movies out there . Motley collections of cut-throat bandits , nomads and braggarts populate Australia 's barren , dystopian landscape and blow-up any number of heavy machines , including police cars , motorbikes and a big-rig fuel tanker . It 's all in their quest for that all-important and -- in a post-apocalyptic world -- rare substance : fuel . The explosive 20-minute chase scene to end the movie still exhilarates nearly 30 years after the movie 's release . And do n't we all want an engine intake like Max 's infamous "  blower ? " 6 . "  Vanishing Point "  1971 A Dodge Challenger R/T gives you some serious leverage when you 're involved in a bump-and-run two-car contest on a one-track road in the middle of the American west -- and it 's the only road out of the desert heat . AOL Autos : Dodge Challenger Stanley Kowalski , a renegade Barry Newman , used five separate first-generation Challengers , including the 375-horsepower 440 Magnum , to full effect in forcing numerous hapless drivers off the road on the hazard-ridden 15-hour sprint from Denver , Colorado , to San Francisco , California , as he 's pursued by cops , racers and bandits alike . Dodge released its highly anticipated and heavily retrofitted Challenger update in 2008 , with the film 's cult following no doubt waiting patiently for any word on a commemorative "  Vanishing Point " model . 5 . "  Gone in 60 Seconds "  1974 We 're not talking about the remake starring Nicolas Cage and Angelina Jolie , which boasts some pretty spectacular car-chase sequences itself , but the 1974 original that features a 34-minute chase sequence over the Long Beach , California , ports complex that some consider the best ever captured on celluloid . A mediocre cast and stilted dialog may put off many , but the film that centers around a group of car thieves and their bid to steal 48 cars over a couple of days accomplishes what it set out to do : Exhilarate viewers in movie theaters and destroy as many cars as possible  in this case , 93  . An amazing collection of Ford Mustangs , Rolls-Royces and Cadillac limos make up the list that car thief H.B. "  Toby " Halicki -- who did all his own stunts -- is given to steal for a South American drug lord . Few , though , compare to the film 's famous 1973 Ford Mustang Mach 1 , christened "  Eleanor " and driven by Halicki . 4 . "  The French Connection "  1971 Gene Hackman bumping and weaving his way around the intersection of Stillwell Avenue and 86th St of Bensonhurst , Brooklyn , while pursuing a bandit on a subway train offers to this day a fantastic driver 's eye perspective of driving through New York at rush hour . We 're just kidding . But the chase featuring a 1971 Pontiac LeMans remains a classic as a result of its impromptu crashes that were n't supposed to be part of the action but were left in the sequence after several stunt drivers mistimed their entrance into the car chase , striking Hackman 's car instead of narrowly avoiding it as he chases a train-bound drug dealer . The sequence took several days to shoot even though the chase 's screen time is barely two-and-a-half minutes . Director William Friedkin also put together a similarly fantastic car chase in 1985 's "  To Live and Die in L.A. " 3 . "  The Italian Job "  1969 Michael Caine 's famous "  You 're only supposed to blow the bloody doors off , " has become a familiar refrain among "  Italian Job " fans who love the British actor 's Cockney twang and the 1969 comic car caper that saw a collection of car thieves attempting a high-stakes bank heist in the Italian city of Turin . Indescribably hip on its release , and a personification of Cool Britannia , the famous car chase featuring three red-white-and-blue Minis motoring through tight streets -- and even indoors -- was a landmark in quirky and fun car-chase sequencing and cinematography . The 2003 remake cleverly twinned audience appeal with the film following the 2001 release of BMW 's new MINI Cooper that featured in the updated film , leading some to suggest it was merely a two-hour commercial for the new model . AOL Autos : MINI Cooper Trivia : Turin , or Torino , forms part of Italian car giant Fiat 's moniker -- Fabbrica Italiana Automobili Torino . 2 . "  Ronin "  1998 Although it will never be regarded as Robert de Niro 's best dramatic performance , 1998 's "  Ronin " does n't land on our list for its dialogue . In unbelievable realism , viewers are treated to chase scenes with sport sedans such as a BMW M5 , Peugeot 406 and , perhaps most famously , an Audi S8 . Plenty of police cars , trucks and motorcycles meet their end and more than 300 stunt drivers were employed to give the real-time chases scene an air of metal-crunching realism amid a character-driven plot that involves CIA operatives , mercenaries and multiple double-crosses surrounding a mysteriously valuable briefcase . There are few actors that can capture the mixture of terror and exhilaration involved in a car chase quite like De Niro , while Jean Reno is the only actor who could make driving a Peugeot an exercise in steely manhood . Director John Frankenheimer pretty nearly perfected the art of filming gritty car chase sequences in 1966 's "  Grand Prix . " 1 . "  Bullitt "  1968 "  Bullitt " is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time and we 're comfortable following suit . In the 1968 classic , real-life racing enthusiast Steve McQueen barrels after bad guys on the streets of San Francisco in an epically cool 1968 Ford Mustang in a delicious "  Highland Green " color . AOL Autos : Ford Mustang In a cityscape that gets most drivers nervous for its ups and downs , San Francisco proves the ultimate car chase backdrop . Lieutenant Frank Bullitt is not only one of the coolest cops of all time , he proves to be one of the best wheelmen we 've ever seen . This is a must-see film and hands-down the best car chase movie of all time .	In most car-chase movies , the real star is the car , author says The chase in "  The French Connection " features a 1971 Pontiac LeMans More than 300 stunt drivers were employed for the 1998 "  Ronin " film "  Bullitt " is perennially voted one of the best car movies of all time
CNN  -- A flu shot can do more than just fight against influenza , a new study suggests . It may also fight against heart attacks . Adults who take the flu vaccine may be less likely to get their first heart attack the next year , researchers say . The study , published Monday in the Canadian Medical Association Journal , was conducted to add to other studies that suggested that there is a link between respiratory infections and heart attacks . "  By the nature of the study , it does not prove cause and effect . So it does not prove that the flu vaccine prevents heart attacks . But it does show that the flu vaccine is associated with the reduction , " said Niro Siriwardena , one of the authors of the study and a professor at the University of Lincoln in England . British researchers , who conducted the study , compared the medical records of a little more than 16,000 first-time heart attack victims age 40 and older with the records of nearly 62,700 people who had not had heart attacks . After factoring other major risks for heart attacks , such as smoking and family history of heart ailments , the research found that the flu shot was associated to a 19 percent reduction in the rate of first heart attack , the study found . And the benefit was even more for those that received flu shots earlier in the flu season . Those who got the shots early had a 21 percent reduction in the rate of heart attacks in the next year , the study found .	NEW : Study does not prove cause and effect , researcher says UK researchers say flu vaccine is associated with a 19 percent drop in first time heart attacks Researchers studied a large group of people age 40 and older
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The lawsuit against Porsche related to the fiery crash that killed actor Paul Walker suffered a setback in court , but a lawyer says it will go on . Roger Rodas ' widow is suing that carmaker 's North American branch , claiming negligence and a poor design of the high-powered Porsche Carrera GT caused the crash last November . U.S. District Judge Philip Gutierrez dismissed four of the five grounds for the lawsuit , finding that the complaint did not include enough specifics . Rodas can revive the arguments by amending her lawsuit , Gutierrez said in an order filed in federal court Monday . "  He only granted a partial dismissal with leave to amend , which we will , " Rodas lawyer Mark Geragos told CNN Tuesday . Kristine Rodas filed the suit against Porsche Cars North America in May , citing negligence as the cause of death of her husband and the 40-year-old "  Fast and the Furious " star on November 30 in Santa Clarita , California . She also alleged product liability and wrongful death . The only allegation that was not dismissed was the "  strict liability claim " regarding the lack of a crash cage and racing fuel cell for the high-performance car . The Rodas lawsuit contends that a "  properly functioning crash cage " would have prevented the deaths by preventing "  intrusion into the passenger compartment , " damage to the fuel tank , and the splitting of the vehicle in half . Read the judge 's full decision here Roger Rodas , 38 at the time of his death , spent his competitive racing career driving Porsche cars . According to the court documents , he and Walker first met on the race track when Rodas was driving a Porsche owned by the actor . A few years later the two men formed the racing team Always Evolving Racing , where they were both drivers . "  Although Mr. Rodas had a passion for cars , Mr. Rodas was first and foremost dedicated to his family , his wife , Kristine , and their two young children , " the complaint states . The court documents filed by Kristine Rodas describe the 2005 Porsche Carrera GT that her husband was driving as a an "  ultra-high-performance-super-sports car for the road , " that goes from zero to 60 mph in 3.5 seconds and has a top speed of 205 miles per hour . The complaint argues that such a high-powered sports car should have a higher standard of crash protection , and that a mechanical malfunction forced Rodas to veer off the road . Geragos also hired investigators to evaluate wreckage at the scene , who determined that Rodas was driving 55 mph before the vehicle went out of control . This contradicts the Los Angeles County coroner 's report that car was speeding at more than 100 mph , and the investigations by the Los Angeles County Sherriff 's Office and California Highway Patrol that focused on speed . Porsche pointed to the discrepancy . "  As you know , the crash was subject of a very detailed investigation by the authorities , both the California Highway Patrol and the L.A. County Sheriff 's Office , " said Bernd Harling , Head of Public Relations for Porsche Cars North America . "  The reports showed that driving at a high speed in a negligent manner caused the crash . Both concluded that there was no mechanical defect of the vehicle involved . " "  Their investigation disproves in the allegations in the lawsuit , " he said . CNN 's Jane Caffrey and Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	A federal judge dismissed most of the lawsuit claims , but it can be refiled The lawyer for the Rodas family says the lawsuit will go on The widow of Roger Rodas accuses Porches of negligence and poor car design Rodas was driving the Porsche when it crashed killing him and Paul Walker
Baghdad  CNN  -- Iraq 's vice president arrived in Qatar Sunday to meet with leaders of the Gulf nation , despite an Iraqi government order banning him from international travel . The visit of Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi , who has been living in Kurdistan since Iraqi authorities issued an arrest warrant for him on terrorism charges , drew sharp criticism from Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . Arab countries should not host the wanted vice president , al-Maliki said , according to al-Iraqiya state television . Iraq 's Shiite , Sunni and Kurdish political leaders have squared off over an arrest warrant issued last year for the Sunni vice president , who has denied the charged and called them "  politically motivated . " The Iraqi Interior Ministry has said al-Hashimi is banned from leaving the country . And Al-Maliki has demanded that Kurdish lawmakers hand over al-Hashimi , who refuses to return to Baghdad from northern Iraq . In an interview with CNN in January , al-Hashimi accused al-Maliki -- a Shiite -- of pushing the country toward a deep sectarian divide . On his trip to Qatar , al-Hashimi was scheduled to meet with Qatar 's prime minister and emir "  based on an invitation he had received earlier , " a statement from his office said . "  The visit is expected to last a few days , and after that , the vice president will travel to other countries that will be announced later , " the statement said . "  Following the visits , the vice president will return to his place of residence in Iraqi Kurdistan Region . " The vice president 's trip comes several days after Qatar 's foreign minister said his country had sent a low-ranking representative to last week 's Arab League summit in Baghdad in order to send a message over "  factionalism in Iraq , " the state-run Qatar News Agency reported . In February , Iraq 's top judicial committee accused al-Hashimi 's security detail of carrying out 150 attacks against security forces and civilians between 2005 and 2011 . Al-Hashimi said the nine-judge council was under the control of the Shiite-dominated central government and the allegations were "  politically motivated . " The charges against al-Hashimi appear to be based on the purported confessions of three men , identified as the vice president 's security guards . Iraqi state-run TV aired video of the men 's confessions in December . CNN has not been able to verify their identities independently . CNN " s Mohammed Tawfeeq and Saaed Abedine contributed to this report .	The Iraqi vice president is scheduled to meet with top Qatari leaders Vice President Tariq al-Hashimi is wanted on terrorism charges in Iraq ; he denies the charges Iraq 's prime minister says no Arab countries should host the wanted vice president Al-Hashimi 's office says he will visit other countries , then return to Kurdistan
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery will battle it out for the FIFA Ballon d'Or , football 's most prestigious individual accolade . Global governing body FIFA whittled down the initial 23-man list to a final shortlist of three players , with the winner set to be announced during the annual Ballon d'Or gala in Zurich on January 13 . Barcelona and Argentina No. 10 Messi is hoping to be crowned the world 's leading player for a record fifth year in a row , but he faces stiff competition from Real Madrid 's Ronaldo . Portugal captain Ronaldo is the favorite to clinch the award for the second time in his career , having previously won it as a Manchester United player in 2008 , after a year which has seen him outscore Messi while also firing his country to next year 's World Cup in Brazil . France 's Ribery was a key player in the Bayern Munich team which won a European Champions League , Bundesliga and German Cup treble in 2013 . FIFA also announced the three men in the running for the coach of the year accolade . Former Manchester United manager Alex Ferguson is nominated for guiding the Old Trafford club to a record 20th English championship . The Scot called time on his glittering 26-year reign at United in May . Jupp Heynckes also stepped aside at the end of last season after leading Bayern to an historic treble . The German veteran is nominated alongside Jurgen Klopp , whose Borussia Dortmund team lost to Heynckes ' Bayern in the Champions League final but won many admirers with their vibrant , attacking football . The world 's leading female player will also be crowned . Brazilian star Marta is once again nominated for the award having won it five years in a row between 2006 and 2010 . Germany goalkeeper Nadine Angerer saved two penalties in a 1-0 win over Norway in the final of Euro 2013 , with American Abby Wambach completing the shortlist after becoming the leading goalscorer in international football history .	Cristiano Ronaldo , Lionel Messi and Franck Ribery shortlisted for 2013 Ballon d'Or The winner will be announced in Zurich on January 13 Alex Ferguson , Jupp Heynckes and Jurgen Klopp up for the coaching accolade Women 's winner to come from shortlist of Marta , Abby Wambach and Nadine Angerer
Washington  CNN  -- Global energy giant Exxon Mobil Corp. will be forced to face a lawsuit over alleged murder and torture committed by company agents in remote Indonesia , after a federal appeals court said Friday that corporations can not claim immunity from liability . A divided 2-1 panel of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia reinstated a massive lawsuit filed by 15 Indonesian villagers from the oil-rich province of Aceh . They claim government security forces working for Exxon Mobil committed brutal oppression while guarding a natural gas facility in 2000-01 . At issue is whether foreign nationals can go into U.S. courts to press civil claims stemming from actions overseas by non-American citizens in a time of martial law . The decision will have widespread implications for multinational corporations doing business in other countries . "  It would create a bizarre anomaly to immunize corporations from liability for the conduct of their agents in lawsuits brought for ` shockingly egregious violations of universally recognized principles of international law , ' " wrote Judge Judith Rogers in a detailed , 112-page opinion . "  The law of the United States has been uniform since its founding that corporations can be held liable for the torts committed by their agents . This is confirmed in international practice , both in treaties and in legal systems throughout the world . " Rogers was supported by her colleague Judge David Tatel , both named to the bench by President Bill Clinton . Company spokesman Patrick McGinn said the ruling was being reviewed , and that the Irving , Texas-based firm has "  fought these baseless claims for many years . " "  The plaintiffs ' claims are without merit , " he said . "  While conducting its business in Indonesia , ExxonMobil has worked for generations to improve the quality of life in Aceh through employment of local workers , provision of health services and extensive community investment . "  The company strongly condemns human rights violations in any form . " The litigation is more than a decade old . The company had contracted with the Indonesian government to explore , extract , and process the gas . It hired military personnel as private security for the remote location . A key sticking point in the legal fight was the level of control Exxon Mobil officials in Aceh had over the actions of the Indonesian military . The plaintiffs alleged company officials in Indonesia were aware the military had committed past human rights violations . And they claim Exxon Mobil offered "  material support " by separately hiring private mercenaries who provided "  advice , training , intelligence , and equipment " to the dedicated military unit , which in turn committed brutal repression of locals , according to the lawsuit . Other allegations included sexual assault , battery , kidnapping , and false imprisonment against the villagers , many of whom had protested the presence of the company , fearing ecological and cultural damage to the region . Those questions will now be presented at trial , as the lawsuit is allowed to proceed . There was no timetable for when that trial will begin . In dissent , Judge Brett Kavanaugh , appointed by President George W. Bush , said the federal law in question , the Alien Tort Statute , applies only to actions committed in the United States . "  The presumption helps the United States avoid conflicts with other nations , which of course have a strong interest in policing and regulating conduct in their own countries , " Kavanaugh wrote . "  The ATS contains no textual indication that it was meant to apply to conduct in foreign countries . " The issue may eventually reach the Supreme Court , since lower federal courts have disagreed on the liability of conduct by U.S. companies operating around the world . The case is John Doe VII v. Exxon Mobil Corp.  09-7125  .	Exxon Mobile can not claim immunity in the case , an appeals panel says A lawsuit filed by Indonesian villagers accuses Exxon Mobil agents of murder and torture The case hinges on whether the Alien Tort Statute applies to actions in other countries
CNN  -- A hearing for a soldier accused of killing Afghan civilians for amusement enters a second day Tuesday at Joint Base Lewis-McChord in Washington state . Military officials will determine if there is enough evidence to court martial Pfc. Andrew Holmes over the allegedly premeditated deaths of three Afghan civilians . Holmes is also charged with smoking hashish , possessing a dismembered human finger and wrongfully possessing photos of human casualties . He is accused of conspiring with Spc. Jeremy Morlock to shoot at a civilian and then toss a grenade so it would look like the soldiers were under attack . On Monday , Spc. Ryan Mallett testified that he was on patrol with Holmes and Morlock in January when more than 20 soldiers were taking part in an operation to gather intelligence in an Afghan village . He testified that Holmes and Morlock gestured to an Afghan farmer working in a field with about eight other farmers to come closer so they could question him . Mallett said he saw the soldiers have the man raise his shirt to prove he did n't have any weapons . That 's when Mallett heard Morlock yell , "  He 's got a grenade , Holmes , shoot him , " Mallett testified . "  I saw him -LSB- Holmes -RSB- shoot . I could n't tell if he hit him . There were little pockmarks on the wall . I saw the grenade go off , " Mallett testified . Mallett said Morlock and Holmes ducked behind a wall to avoid the grenade blast . As he ran down to the scene , Mallett said he tripped and fell but got up and kept running . He said the Afghan farmer was dead . Mallett said he recalled that as the soldiers checked their weapons , Holmes had shot eight to 10 rounds , and Morlock had shot two to three rounds . Also on Monday , Benjamin Stevenson , special agent for the U.S. Army 's Criminal Investigation Command , testified by phone from Afghanistan about visiting Bagram Air Base in May and finding human remains . "  When we reached the location , we climbed up on a barrier , and right where we were told the fingers would be -- that 's where they were , " Stevenson testified . Stevenson said fingers were wrapped in cloth . He also described the discovery of two bones that appeared to be arm or leg bones . Holmes is one of five U.S. soldiers from the 5th Stryker Brigade accused of killing civilians for sport and staging the deaths to look like legitimate war casualties . In all , officials charged 12 U.S. soldiers in what they called a conspiracy to murder Afghan civilians and cover it up , along with charges they mutilated corpses and kept grisly souvenirs . Five of the soldiers face murder charges , while seven others are charged with participating in a coverup . Morlock was the first of the five to face an Article 32 hearing , the military equivalent of a grand jury hearing , at Joint Base Lewis-McChord . Morlock is charged with three counts of murder . He is accused of killing Afghan civilian Gul Mudin in January with a grenade and rifle ; killing civilian Mullah Adahdad in May in a similar manner ; and shooting to death Marach Agha in February . All of the accused men were members of a 2nd Infantry Division brigade operating near Kandahar in southern Afghanistan in 2009 and 2010 . The three others facing murder charges are Staff Sgt. Calvin Gibbs , of Billings , Montana ; Adam Winfield , of Cape Coral , Florida ; and Spc. Michael Wagnon , of Las Vegas , Nevada . According to the military documents , the five were also involved in throwing grenades at civilians . Authorities allege Gibbs kept finger bones , leg bones and a tooth from Afghan corpses . Wagnon allegedly kept a skull from a corpse , according to charging documents . Several soldiers are charged with taking pictures of the corpses , and one soldier is charged with with stabbing a corpse . Holmes ' civilian lawyer , Dan Conway , has said his client did not kill any civilian and was ordered by his supervisor , Gibbs , to keep a human finger . "  There is no proof that ... Holmes caused or conspired to cause the death of any human being unlawfully , " Conway said . During a break in the hearing Monday , Conway told journalists , "  The government , as they often do in some these of cases , casts a net entirely too wide . " Conway has said he plans to ask serious questions about the Army 's command of a platoon that everyone agrees went terribly astray . "  The only way these kind of allegations can occur is the command is completely derelict in supervising , meaning not there , or they 're ignoring that this kind of conduct may be occurring , " Conway said . "  And I do n't know which one it is at this point . " The Army refuses to comment on any aspect of any of the cases and has sought to limit circulation of evidence , especially since videotaped interrogations of some of the soldiers and alleged written confessions by some soldiers were obtained and reported by media outlets , including CNN . But it was the Army 's own charging documents that portrayed a platoon gone rogue . In explicit detail , the Army wrote how killings were staged -- how a fellow soldier was beaten and how Gibbs allegedly threw human fingers at another soldier believed to have snitched about the group 's hashish smoking . The Army moved to restrict attorney access to what has been described to CNN by some who have seen them as a series of gruesome photos of dead Afghans by allowing inspection of the material only at a secure facility at Lewis-McChord . A number of attorneys have objected , telling CNN the Army is limiting their ability to defend their clients because it is more concerned how the charges are being played in the media and perceived in Afghanistan . CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Barbara Starr , Drew Griffin , Kathleen Johnston , Todd Schwarzschild and Courtney Yager contributed to this report .	Pfc. Andrew Holmes is one of five soldiers accused of killing Afghans for sport Soldiers are also accused of mutilating corpses and keeping grisly souvenirs A special agent testifies finding fingers wrapped in cloth at an air base Holmes ' attorney has said his client did not kill any civilian
LONDON , England  CNN  -- James Bond would be lost without them -- those madcap gadgets merging two technologies that help him beat the bad guys and save the planet . The underwater watch with a built-in Geiger counter , for example ; or the car that doubles as a submarine ; or the exploding bagpipes and missile-launching wheelchair . An artist 's impression of what a Flying Electric Generator might look like Now a U.S. company has taken a leaf out of 007 's book and developed a similarly unlikely "  combination " technology . The "  villain " in this case is not a psychotic , cat-stroking megalomaniac , but something both more prosaic and , potentially , more threatening -- global warming : in particular , how to meet the world 's energy needs without swamping the planet with clouds of atmosphere-clogging pollutants . And the madcap gadget that might just provide a solution ? A helicopter that doubles as a wind turbine . Or , to give it its technical name , a FEG  Flying Electric Generator  . The brainchild of Australian engineering specialist Professor Bryan Roberts , the FEG is being developed by San Diego-based company SkyWindPower . Code-cracker turned turbine enthusiast The latter is headed by David Shepard , who started his career cracking Japanese military ciphers during World War Two , and went on to create the Farrington B numeric font that appears on credit cards around the world . Shepard has long been convinced of the need for a new global energy source to reduce reliance on carbon-emitting fossil fuels . For the last two decades his attention has focused on the electricity-generating potential of high-altitude winds , and when he learnt of Professor Roberts ' prototype "  gyromill " -- a flying wind turbine that the Australian had been developing since 1979 -- he decided it offered the best model for realizing that potential . The two men started working together in 2002 , and the FEG is the result . High-altitude winds The guiding principle of the FEG is that wind speed and constancy are far greater at high altitude than they are on the ground , especially in the two major jet streams - the Sub-Tropical Jet and the Polar Front Jet - that exist in each hemisphere  at around 30 degrees and 60 degrees latitude respectively  . A turbine at great height , so the theory goes , can generate far more power than a similar turbine at or near ground level . It has been estimated that capturing just one percent of the available energy of these high altitude winds would meet the electricity needs of the entire planet . "  The winds a few miles above the mid latitudes of the Northern and Southern Hemispheres are far stronger and more persistent than the winds just above us , " Shepard told CNN . "  This results in potentially being able to generate electricity for over eighty percent of the time , as opposed to thirty percent of the time at ground-based wind turbine sites . "  The largest ground-based wind turbines currently produce about five megawatts each . We expect typical FEGs to produce about 20 megawatts each . " Helicopter technology But how do we get a working turbine up to the necessary height -- at least 15,000 ft  4600 meters  above the earth 's surface ? That 's where helicopter technology comes in . Taking the form of a giant H-shaped frame , the prototype FEG has four huge blades at the four points of the H , each blade 10.7 meters  35 feet  in diameter . These act like the rotors of a helicopter , lifting the FEG to the required height . Once in place , the blades not only keep the FEG air-born , providing lift like the surface area of a kite , but also act as turbines , turning dynamos within the platform that generate electricity , which is transmitted back to earth through a vast aluminum tethering cable . An in-built GPS  Global Positioning System  uses satellite technology to ensure that the FEG always remains in the same place , both vertically and horizontally . According to Shepard , development is already at an advanced stage . "  Professor Roberts demonstrated a FEG in Australia at an altitude of sixty feet over a decade ago , " he told CNN . U.S. demonstration in three years "  We expect to make a demonstration in the U.S. less than three years from now at high altitude in normal high altitude winds . In four years I would expect this sort of technology to be in active use . " As with ground-based wind farms , Shepard envisages whole "  sky-farms " of FEGs hovering above the earth in restricted airspace . Forty-three such FEG "  arrays " -- each comprising 600 FEGs -- would , he estimates , generate sufficient electricity to power the whole of the U.S. "  Our calculations show that by reserving less than one four-hundredth of U.S. air space , located at relatively remote locations not on airway routes , all of America 's electrical energy needs could be met , " he says . "  That is considerably less airspace than is already restricted for other purposes , primarily military . " Not only would the FEGs provide clean energy -- the feedback from environmental groups , according to Shepard , has been overwhelmingly positive -- but at less cost than conventional electricity generation . While each FEG would cost an estimated $ 2,260,000 to build , maintain and support , arrays of FEGS would , in the long term , prove extremely cost effective , generating electricity at about 2 cents per kilowatt hour , as opposed to the 3-5 cents of conventional generating methods . There are risks , of course . Even in restricted airspace there is the possibility of collision with aircraft that unwittingly -- or illegally -- stray into that airspace . Likewise , despite numerous design features aimed at ensuring the stability of the air-born FEG , the possibility of the structure malfunctioning and plummeting to earth can not be excluded . Crashes "  inevitable " "  Inevitably crashes will occur , " the SkyWindPower Web site acknowledges , "  Just as airplane crashes occur . "  Statistically , however , FEGs should be just as reliable as commercial airliners , whose safety records are incredibly good . "  And FEGs do n't take off or land at airports teeming with people in and around them . " Shepard and Roberts are not the only people to have considered harnessing the power of high-altitude winds . Magenn Power , a Canadian company , have been developing a helium-filled , medium altitude wind generator , while in the Netherlands Laddermill has been exploring similar ground using kite technology . SkyWindPower 's FEG , however , is at the forefront of the field , with the U.S. government showing considerable interest in the prototype helicopter-cum-wind-turbine . Whether it will provide a definitive solution to the world 's ever-increasing energy needs remains to be seen . With the effects of global warming and climate change becoming increasingly acute , however , a technology that might once have been dismissed as no more than a James Bond fantasy now looks as if it could have a serious role to play . They might not be quite as sexy as your average Bond adventure , but flying wind turbines could end up generating a lot more heat than 007 and Pussy Galore ever did . ... . Are Flying Electric Generators a crackpot idea ? Or could they help save the planet ? Share your views and read others ' thoughts in the Just Imagine forum .	U.S. company develops "  flying " wind turbine Wind energy far greater at high altitude FEG  Flying Electric Generator  would hover at 15,000 feet Massive air-born wind farms envisaged
CNN  -- In the violent bedlam that has engulfed Gaza , not even the hospitals are immune from attack . Such an attack happened Monday afternoon to the Shuhada al-Aqsa hospital in central Gaza , where several artillery shells slammed into buildings there . Video from the scene shows doctors frantically bringing hospital workers and patients to the relative safety of the ground floor . One patient and four people visiting the hospital , three of them children , were killed in the strike , according to health workers . At least 30 were injured , they said . Despite the risks , Eloise Bollack , a freelance French journalist , made her way to the hospital . The latest reports from Gaza and Israel "  The road to Deir Al-Balah -LSB- the neighborhood where the Shuhada al-Aqsa hospital is located -RSB- was really dangerous and exposed , " she said . "  At one point , when we arrived near the hospital ... a bomb fell 50 meters away from us . " Bollack said that she decided to leave because "  it was too dangerous to stick around . " But on the way back to Gaza City , her team saw a convoy of the International Committee of the Red Cross and Red Crescent Society making its way to Deir al-Balah . She did a U-turn and followed the vehicles . "  All the hospital staff were on the ground floor when we arrived . They were waiting for the ICRC convoy so they can evacuate the patients " to other hospitals . "  We started walking around to the other floors to see the damage . One side of the third floor was bombed several times ; we saw a lot of impact hits from tank shells on the walls , " she said . Operating theaters and the maternity ward were among the rooms damaged . "  Some walls and rooms were totally destroyed , covered with dust and debris . Everything was upside down . The shock was so strong that a pillow in one of the rooms was hanging on the fan on the ceiling . "  The tank shells fired not only penetrated through the exterior wall but managed to go through several walls inside the hospital , shows the power of the impact these shells did on the hospital . " The hospital is one of three in Gaza to have been damaged during nearly two weeks of conflict . Last week , the al-Wafa hospital in northern Gaza was hit by an airstrike . Israel : Hamas was storing weapons there Israeli officials say that Hamas has deliberately used hospitals and buildings around them to store weapons or build launching sites for their rockets . In the case of the Shuhada al-Aqsa , the Israeli Defense Forces said that their "  initial investigation suggests that a cache of anti-tank missiles was stored in the immediate vicinity of the hospital . This cache was successfully targeted by IDF forces . " In a statement , the IDF added : "  Civilian casualties are a tragic inevitability of the brutal and systematic exploitation of homes , hospitals and mosques in Gaza . While the IDF takes every possible measure to minimize civilian casualties , Hamas and its deliberate tactic of embedding terrorist activities within the urban environment is ultimately responsible . " For the patients and the medical staff trying to save their lives , the consequence is the same . Hospitals are running out of rooms to cope with admissions and running short of medicine and other essential supplies . Patients lie in corridors . The United Nations has arranged for truckloads of medical supplies to cross into Gaza from Israel , but some are delayed because of the conflict . Paramedics pay the ultimate price Paramedics have been among the casualties as they have raced through Gaza 's crowded streets to collect the injured . On Sunday , one paramedic died and four injured yesterday when their ambulance was hit during Israeli shelling of the Shujaiya neighborhood . The Gaza Health Ministry says 24 ambulances have been destroyed or disabled since the conflict began . Bollack is based in Ramallah in the West Bank and has long been sympathetic to the Palestinian people . But she says she is committed to nonviolence and is committed to documenting the suffering of civilians . She says Gaza 's hospitals are gradually being reduced to ruins . "  You can see around the -LSB- Shuhada al-Aqsa -RSB- hospital that there is water running in the street because the water tanks were bombed and the water system that feeds the hospital was destroyed by the shells . " But even if the hospitals themselves are unsafe , they continue working , she says . "  They are planning to evacuate the entire hospital because it 's too dangerous , but for now , they want to keep the hospital running because it 's the only hospital around . " Israel finds Hamas are no longer amateur fighters Deaths mount in Gaza and Israel as U.S. pushes cease-fire Caught in the violence , it 's the hardest question in Gaza Mother finds wounded son in hospital where she works	Shuhada al-Aqsa hospital in central Gaza is slammed by artillery shells Video of the attack shows hospital staff scrambling to move patients to safety One patient and four visitors , three of them children , were killed , Palestinians say Israeli Defense Forces says Hamas was storing weapons there
London , England  CNN  -- Filmmaker Keith Scholey has a PhD in zoology and three decades of experience filming and photographing wildlife . Yet when it came to predicting the behavior of the lions and cheetahs of Kenya 's Maasai Mara Nature Reserve , all that proved of little use . "  You 're constantly surprised , " he said . "  When you start following wild animals , you 're initially an incredible expert . And the more you follow them , you realize you 're less and less of an expert . " For his new film "  African Cats , " Scholey led a film crew documenting the lives of individual lions and cheetahs over the course of two and a half years . "  The only thing we had control over was the selection of the characters -- we had no control over the plot , " says Scholey . The Disneynature film , which is narrated by Sir Patrick Stewart , debuted in the UK Wednesday , with a royal premiere attended by the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge . The Duke gave a speech calling for an end to wildlife poaching in Africa after the screening . Describing their filming routine , Scholey said each morning , the crew would wake in their camp before dawn , and set out to where they had left the cats the night before . If they managed to find them , the crew would then follow their adventures through the 1510-square-kilometer reserve , one of the few remaining places where the three big African cats -- lions , cheetahs and leopards -- live in large numbers and in close proximity . It led them to unforgettable sights -- all captured in high definition and slow motion -- as the animals engaged in rivalries and constant struggles for sustenance and survival , earning the movie a billing as the "  real-life ` Lion King ' . " "  The most remarkable scene was two lions swimming across the flooded Mara River and one being taken by a croc and getting away , " recalled Scholey . "  We did n't know crocs would go for lions -- and now we know . You can see why lions are really unhappy to go in that river . " As the crew followed their subjects , the animals ' individual personalities gradually revealed themselves . "  You do n't want to anthropomorphize , yet they do have distinct personalities that come out , " said Sophie Darlington , the movie 's principal photographer . Some were brave , others cowards . Some were leaders , others followers . And some had developed specialist skills -- like the lioness who had mastered a unique technique for suffocating her prey -- that others lacked . As a species , lions also had their own particular character -- dramatic , charismatic , and occasionally unintentionally comic -- which the crew grew to appreciate . "  There 's nothing funnier than a lion doing a pratfall , " said Darlington . Explained specialist photographer Simon King : "  It 's their -- sometimes false -- sense of confidence , in everything . They do n't think they can put a foot wrong and they frequently do , and it 's amusing to watch . " The crew were safe observing the animals -- sometimes at extremely close quarters -- from the sanctuary of their vehicles , although lions and elephants sometimes wandered through their camps at night . On one occasion , a bull elephant , drawn to a fruiting tree , rolled over one of the crew 's vehicles that had been parked nearby . Generally though , their presence did not bother the animals , who were used to vehicles entering the reserve . "  Do they care ? Some of the time we 're undoubtedly an asset , because we 're shade on a hot day , " said King . "  In the past I 've had 13 lions under my car . They 're very flatulent , and then they try to bite the brake tubes . " The film 's producers hope that by engaging audiences in the real-life narratives of the great cats , they can encourage people to protect the species . Cheetahs , the world 's fastest land animals , are endangered , while lions are classified as vulnerable . "  It 's important not to convey a finger wagging message in every single production because that would be counterproductive , " said King . "  A movie like this is a celebration of other lives that I hope will get people thinking , so when they next hear that tigers , lions , cheetahs , elephants , rhino are under threat , they do something about it . "	"  African Cats " is a new film documenting the lives of Kenya 's lions and cheetahs The filmmakers spent more than two years following the great cats as they struggled to survive During the course of filming , they got to know the distinct personalities of their subjects They hope the film , billed as a "  real-life Lion King , " will spur audiences ' interest in conservation
CNN  -- Tiger Woods has split with his longtime coach Sean Foley after not winning a major during their four-year tenure . The world 's most famous golfer has been hindered by injuries recently and cutting ties with Foley adds to his rocky 2014 season . In a statement on his website , the slumping Woods called Foley an "  outstanding " coach but felt the time was right to part company . Woods , currently nursing a back problem that will keep him out of next month 's Ryder Cup , is n't due to compete again until an event in Florida in December and said he was n't in a rush to appoint a new coach . "  I 'd like to thank Sean for his help as my coach and for his friendship , " Woods said . "  Sean is one of the outstanding coaches in golf today , and I know he will continue to be successful with the players working with him . "  With my next tournament not until my World Challenge event at Isleworth in Orlando , this is the right time to end our professional relationship . " Foley , who coaches 2013 U.S. Open winner Justin Rose and world No. 19 Hunter Mahan -- champion at The Barclays on Sunday -- did n't appear to hold a grudge . "  My time spent with Tiger is one of the highlights of my career so far , and I am appreciative of the many experiences we shared together , " Foley said . "  It was a lifelong ambition of mine to teach the best player of all time in our sport . "  I am both grateful for the things we had the opportunity to learn from one another , as well as the enduring friendship we have built . I have nothing but respect and admiration for him . " The last of Woods ' 14 majors came in 2008 and matching Jack Nicklaus ' record haul of 18 could be difficult -- after once looking like it was a certainty .	Tiger Woods announces that he has split from his longtime coach Sean Foley Woods says on his website that it was the right time to end their partnership The two began working together four years ago but Woods did not win a major Woods is currently sidelined by a back injury and wo n't play until December
CNN  -- President Barack Obama was about to address the nation on Iraq Thursday night when the briefing was delayed because of a security breach on the North Lawn of the White House . But this was n't your normal breach , this was one of a pint-sized variety . A toddler forced the President , the press corps and the nation to wait . The little boy managed to squeeze himself between the bars of the White House fence , just before the briefing was expected to start . It forced a temporary lockdown . It did n't take long to resolve the matter and he 's now back with his parents . "  We were going to wait until he learned to talk to question him , but in lieu of that he got a timeout and was sent on way with parents , " according to Edwin Donovan , spokesman for the United States Secret Service . The boy 's parents now have a story to tell their son -- the night he made the nation wait for the president .	A toddler slips through the fence at the White House The security breach delays Obama 's address on Iraq The pint-sized intruder is back with his parents
CNN  -- Somalia 's Al-Shabaab has brushed aside accusations from Human Rights Watch that the Islamist militia recruits child soldiers , saying that Islam considers people to be adults from the age of 15 . "  The allegations from Human Rights Watch say that Al-Shabaab recruits young children at the age of 14 , 15 and 17 as soldiers . In Islam , a person becomes adult at the age of 15 so he or she must do what all other adults have to do , " said Abu Musab , the group 's military spokesman . " If the territories of the Muslims are attacked , it is incumbent on the women and children to take up arms to fight the enemies , so we do n't care what Human Rights Watch says , " Abu Musab said , speaking to Alfurqan radio , which supports the group . Islamic scholars consider a boy becomes a man at 15 , or even younger if signs of puberty appear before then . Human Rights Watch said this week that children as young as 10 increasingly face horrific abuse in war-torn Somalia as Al-Shabaab targets them to replenish its diminishing ranks of fighters . The Somali insurgent group 's recruitment of child soldiers is not new , but the report said the scale of child abductions over the past two years is like nothing documented in the past . Shocking patterns have also emerged of children serving as human shields on the battlefields , according to the Human Rights Watch report released Tuesday . "  We 're beginning to see more and more instances where children are essentially being used as cannon fodder , " Tirana Hassan of Human Rights Watch told CNN . The head of the Somali national army , Gen. Abdulkadir Ali Diini , said Wednesday the government does its best not to recruit children as soldiers . The government has discharged children who are mistakenly recruited , he told journalists in Mogadishu . Human Rights Watch charged in its report that Al-Shabaab fighters abduct young girls and boys from their homes or schools , in some cases taking entire classes . Children can be sent out to recruit other children , according to the organization . One survivor told Human Rights Watch a group of kids asked him to play football at a nearby field . When he arrived , he and others were gathered up and sent to training camps , the survivor told Human Rights Watch . The camps are places where children live in fear , said Hassan , an emergencies researcher for the international human rights group . "  They see injured and dead fighters , many of them children , coming back from the battlefield , " Hassan added . Recruits are taught to use weapons and to throw hand grenades and are subjected to a myriad of abuses , including rape , assault and forced marriages , according to Hassan . Dozens of recruits , mostly ages 14 to 17 , are driven by truckloads to the front line , where they are told to jump out -- only to be mowed down by gunfire while Al-Shabaab fighters launch rockets from behind , according to Hassan . A 15-year-old boy recruited by Al-Shabaab from his school in Mogadishu in 2010 told Human Rights Watch that "  out of all my classmates -- about 100 boys -- only two of us escaped , the rest were killed . " "  The children were cleaned off . The children all died and the bigger soldiers ran away , " the youth told Human Rights Watch . Human Rights Watch also criticized Somalia 's transitional government for not ending its use of child soldiers . "  Al-Shabaab 's horrific abuses do not excuse Somalia 's Transitional Federal Government , " said Zama Coursen-Neff , the group 's deputy children 's rights director . "  The TFG should live up to its commitments to stop recruiting and using children as soldiers , and punish those who do . " The 104-page report , released two days ahead of a Somalia conference hosted by the British government , grimly details countless violations against children based on more than 160 interviews conducted over two years with Somali youngsters who escaped from Al-Shabaab forces as well as parents and teachers who fled to Kenya . "  For children of Somalia , nowhere is safe , " Coursen-Neff said . On Thursday , senior representatives from more than 40 governments will converge on London in a diplomatic push to find political solutions to restore stability in Somalia . CNN 's Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	Al-Shabaab says Islam considers people to be adults at the age of 15 The Somalia Islamists are responding to Human Rights Watch criticism The group says Al-Shabaab is using children as young as 10 as cannon fodder Somalia 's government denies intentionally recruiting child soldiers
San Jose , California  CNN  -- At 17 years old , Jessica Perez is an honor student who aspires to be the first member of her family to graduate from college . But when it came to the application process , she felt lost , alone and ill-prepared . "  I did n't really know where to start , " said Perez , who wants to be an astrophysicist . "  There was n't really anybody at home that could help me figure out how I could reach my dream . " Perez 's grandparents , who raise Perez and her two siblings , both work long hours to make ends meet . And neither continued their education beyond elementary school . Fortunately for Perez , she was directed by her school guidance counselor to a nonprofit called Strive for College . "  It helps students who do n't really know anything about the college process , " she said . "  College students come to you and they tell you how to do it because they 've been through it also . " Strive for College pairs high-school students with college students for free , one-on-one consultation over a yearlong period . Each pair works together through the application process for colleges , scholarships and financial aid . "  We take them through every little step of the process , because , frankly , it 's a pretty detailed process -- and if you miss one step , you could ruin all your chances , " said Michael Carter , who founded the nonprofit in 2007 while he was a college freshman . So far , Strive for College has already helped 600 low-income students across the country enter four-year colleges and universities . And it expects to help an additional 900 this year . Carter grew up in an upper-middle-class suburb of San Jose , California . He attended private school throughout his early childhood , and he remembers his grandfather calling him a "  menso " -- basically translated to "  moron " in Spanish -- for claiming everyone in the United States got an equal shot at success . That pessimism started to make more sense to Carter when he transferred to a public high school in his junior year . "  Going to private schools , a lot of students who did n't do amazingly academically knew they were going to a four-year college because their parents had gone . It was just a given , " said Carter , 24 . "  Whereas a lot of students at my public school , even if they had great GPAs and SATs , they did n't know if they could go to a four-year college . It was just very foreign to a lot of them . " It did n't help that there were two guidance counselors for roughly 1,600 students . They just could n't devote themselves to students who failed to approach them about college -- the very students who Carter felt needed this help the most . "  This made me realize that my grandpa was right , I was a menso , " Carter said . "  And it made me firmly believe that this was a problem that was solvable . " Carter designed a pilot study during his freshman year at Washington University in St. Louis . Pairing his classmates with low-income high school students at a nearby high school , he hoped to prove that college acceptance rates could be dramatically changed . The pilot 's success was astounding : 24 of the 27 seniors in the study were accepted into four-year colleges . In the previous year , the school 's acceptance rate was only 1 out of every 30 seniors . "  At first it was like , ` Wow , look at this amazing miracle that happened , ' " Carter said . "  But I quickly could n't sleep at night thinking how many of the  students  the year before had earned the right to go  to college  and just no one helped them across the finish line . " Carter found that his study was indicative of a more widespread problem in the United States . "  There 's over 400,000 low-income high school seniors every year who  are  qualified to go to a four-year college , and for whatever reason they just do n't go , " Carter said . And the difference between going to college and not going to college can often mean limited career opportunities or growth . Over a 40-year career , college graduates on average make nearly $ 1 million more than someone with only a high school degree , according to the U.S. Census  PDF  . "  When my first  mentee  called me and said , ' I got into my first college . You helped changed my life , ' I started crying , " Carter said . "  I was like , ' I think I really did help change your life . ' And it was just an amazing feeling . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes With the help of high-school administrators , Strive for College targets youth who attend schools where 50 % or more of the students are eligible to receive free or reduced lunch . To participate , students must have a GPA of at least 2.0 . Interested students fill out a questionnaire about their academic and financial histories as well as their interests , abilities and ambitions . Then they can attend a "  speed-dating-style " session in which they choose their college student mentor . Throughout the school year , pairs meet at the high school once a week for an hour . The process takes the students through each step : selecting their target schools , filling out applications , writing essays , obtaining letters of recommendation , targeting scholarships and financial aid , reporting test scores and completing entrance exams . "  As a mentor , your role can be coach , pseudo-parent , cheerleader , " Carter said . "  But it 's that amazing near-peer connection of young people with young people ... helping them through a process you just went through yourself , and taking the mystery and anxiety out of it , that I think is really important . " Strive for College also aims to help students graduate with the least amount of student loan debt possible , ensuring stronger graduation rates and enhancing the college experience . With scholarships and financial aid , 40 % of Strive students attend four-year colleges without having to come out of pocket for their tuition -- compared with 32 % of low-income college students nationwide . Beginning this spring , mentors and mentees will be able to communicate and track progress over the interactive "  UStrive " community website . The social network will allow students to track the curriculum 's calendar and see when their peers complete major steps in the application process . Participants can make suggestions and bookmark items of interest for others . Carter has found that the social component helps students stay on track with their goals . "  It creates peer pressure , but of a rare , positive kind . As they see one another looking at great universities and trying to aim for great financial aid packages , then their peers , their friends also say , ` If you can do that , I can , too . ' And they start to raise their goals , " he said . "  It 's a really powerful process in which you 're building a culture of achievement in the schools . " It 's a culture that helped Shanna Brancato raise her own academic ambitions . The former foster child had never considered college as part of her future when she was encouraged to attend her first Strive for College session in her junior year of high school . "  I 've never really thought of myself as the greatest student . College was not on my mind , " she said . "  Now I 'm a sophomore at San Jose State University . My full tuition is covered , and I 'm mentoring a high school student . " Many former mentees , like Brancato , become Strive for College mentors . "  It 's that ` paying it forward ' mentality that is building a Strive movement that will solve this problem , I think , within the next decade , " Carter said . Carter graduated from college in 2010 and has devoted himself full-time to his nonprofit . Strive for College now has 12 university chapters working in 15 high schools nationwide , and it is planning to launch eight more chapters this year . "  The more we grow , the more students we help , the greater our impact , the bigger our movement , " Carter said . "  We 'll go from changing hundreds to thousands of lives , to changing hundreds of thousands , and some day soon , even millions . "  I 'm so sure this will happen , because I believe in our generation . I know our mentors . I know the students we serve . And I know that together we are going to solve this problem . " Want to get involved ? Check out the Strive for College website at www.striveforcollege.org and see how to help .	Michael Carter designed a program to help more low-income kids get into college College students guide high-schoolers through the entire application process They also work together to apply for available scholarships , financial aid Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Editor 's note : Madeleine K. Albright is former U.S. secretary of state . William S. Cohen is former U.S. secretary of defense . They are co-chairs of the Genocide Prevention Task Force . Madeleine K. Albright served as secretary of state under President Bill Clinton . CNN  -- In this age of electronic media communications , Americans are increasingly confronted in their living rooms -- and even on their cell phones -- with information about and images of genocide and mass atrocities virtually anywhere they occur . This instantaneous media communication has sensitized many Americans to the suffering of people in all corners of the globe . The Internet has proved to be a powerful tool for organizing broad-based responses to genocide and mass atrocities , as we have seen in response to the crisis in Darfur . With all of this information written and broadcast about the horrors of genocide and mass atrocities around the world , why do they continue ? And as public citizens , public officials and policymakers , how can we prevent this horrendous crime that assaults our humanitarian values and threatens our national security ? Last year , we agreed to co-chair the Genocide Prevention Task Force , which was jointly convened by the United States Holocaust Memorial Museum , The American Academy of Diplomacy and the United States Institute of Peace .  The final report is to be released next week . The idea for the task force arose out of a desire by each of these institutions to reach beyond their individual capabilities and build a practical framework that could help the U.S. government better respond to threats of genocide and mass atrocities . Our challenge was to match words to deeds and stop allowing the unacceptable . That task is in fact one of the most persistent puzzles of our times . Many people ask : Why do genocides and mass atrocities happen ? There is no consensus as to the causes of genocide and mass atrocities , nor is there one commonly agreed-upon theory that explains the key catalysts , motivations or mechanisms that lead to them . History has shown that genocide and mass atrocities manifest themselves in highly variable ways , and we should not assume that future perpetrators will follow old patterns . However , there are warning signs . Genocide is not the inevitable result of "  ancient hatreds " or irrational leaders . It requires planning and is carried out systematically . But that fact also means that there are ways to recognize its signs and symptoms , and viable options to prevent it at every turn , if we are committed and prepared . Our report recommends a number of distinct but interrelated areas where the United States government can develop and deploy more effective strategies to identify and pursue opportunities for prevention of genocide and mass atrocities : First , we believe that leadership is an indispensable ingredient . Nothing is more central to preventing genocide than leadership -- from the president , Congress and the American people . Making progress requires leaders to summon political will not only after a crisis strikes , but also before one emerges . Second is the importance of early warning . It is critical for policymakers to have good analysis of areas where there is a high risk of genocide or organized violence in order to design effective strategies and spur action . By improving the accuracy of warnings , we will find greater opportunities for preventive action . Early prevention can avert a crisis . Many countries are vulnerable to extreme violence . By engaging leaders , institutions and civil society at an early stage , the United States can help countries steer clear of these dangers . Preventive diplomacy is critical to halt and reverse escalation . Even when signs of preparation for genocide are apparent , there are opportunities to alter leaders ' decisions and interrupt their plans . By improving our crisis response system , we will be better prepared to mount coherent , carefully calibrated and timely preventive diplomatic strategies . A willingness to utilize military options to stop ongoing atrocities when prevention efforts have failed is crucial . U.S. military assets can also play an important role in supporting and providing credibility to options short of the use of force , including by deterring violence through military presence or threat . Lastly , we cite the power of international action . The United States has an interest in promoting a system of international norms and institutions that averts potential genocide and mass atrocities before they occur , stops them quickly and effectively when they occur , helps societies rebuild in their wake and holds perpetrators accountable . By working in partnership with others in the global community , the United States will multiply its positive impact . We do not underestimate the challenge . We understand that the next president will face many pressing international priorities , as well as real limitations of time and resources . But we believe that preventing genocide is possible , and that striving to do so is imperative , both for our national interests and for our leadership position in the world . Our report seeks to honor the memory of past victims of genocide and mass atrocities by encouraging future action . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Madeleine K. Albright and William S. Cohen . Other members of the Genocide Prevention Task Force include John Danforth , Thomas Daschle , Stuart Eizenstat , Michael Gerson , Dan Glickman , Jack Kemp , Gabrielle Kirk McDonald , Thomas R. Pickering , Vin Weber , Anthony Zinni and Julia Taft  1942-2008  . For more information about the Genocide Prevention Task Force , visit the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , The American Academy of Diplomacy or the United States Institute of Peace .	Madeleine Albright , William Cohen co-chair Genocide Prevention Task Force The panel 's final report will be released next week after a year of work Leadership indispensable in preventing genocide , Albright and Cohen say Also key : early warning , preventive diplomacy , military , international action , they say
CNN  -- Arriving in central Bangkok from the sparkling international airport , a visitor might not know at first glance that much of the city is under water . Shops and restaurants are open as usual , while the futuristic sky train continues to ferry commuters to work in the numerous office complexes that make up the central business district . But just a few miles northwards along the Vibhavadi Rangsit highway , the road gradually disappears into a sea of filthy brown water -- floodwater from the north of Thailand that shows little sign of disappearing quickly . This is due in large part to a system of floodgates set up to protect the commercial center of the city and other key industrial areas by diverting the run-off to these parts . For almost a month , residents in outlying areas such as Rangsit and Lumlukka have been living in water that is often chest-high . Many defied government evacuation orders to protect their property , even if it meant being stranded with limited food and no clean running water . Read predictions that flooding would remain for weeks Romeo Romei , a local businessman , lost his house and is battling to save his factory , but he still manages to take a boat out each day with his friend Alex Stamp and cousin Duccio Lucchesi to distribute water , food and clothes to those in need . From his factory office in Rangsit , supplies donated by friends and family are sorted into rescue packs for men , women and children , while the factory workers man an array of water pumps -- some of them cannibalized swimming pool pumps -- around the clock , praying that the defensive wall they erected around the warehouse does n't collapse . They are literally under siege from the water . Yet Romeo is concerned about the 10 families around the corner who have been forced to set up camp on the upper floors of a dilapidated industrial building nearby . Watch Romeo visiting families in a Rangsit warehouse Riding in the fully-laden dinghy across what was once the factory 's car park , he explains what spurred him into action . "  For the first few days after the floods we went about our business dealing with the factory . But soon we could n't bear to see people suffering . " He says the government is not helping these people , while aid agencies are nowhere to be seen around these flood-hit streets . "  I saw one boat with around 10 packs of food , but there are thousands of people here , " he said . On Tuesday , Prime Minister Yingluck Shinawatra laid out a three-point recovery plan , including immediate aid to those whose homes and businesses have been destroyed . Meanwhile , relief workers have been distributing aid to evacuation centers but face difficulties reaching residents who have decided to wait out the crisis in their homes . As we unload the supplies of eggs , fruit , rice and medicine at our destination , the conditions the families are living in is humbling . On the ground floor , children play in the same stagnant water that dogs defecate in , while the adults gather in their damp makeshift sleeping areas with what little they could salvage from their homes . However , the atmosphere is not depressing , especially since a year-old baby has taken his first steps in this unlikely setting . Romeo points out that Thais never complain and always have a smile on their faces . He contends this is because there is no expectation that anyone will be there to help them . Watch Romeo and friends boat down a road in Rangsit As the boat pushes off to find more people to help , we 're immediately surrounded by people . Some are asking if we have water , while others are looking for diapers . No one seems greedy or aggressive . They paddle around in anything that will float , from polystyrene blocks to an old refrigerator , while small children swim about in "  life jackets " made from empty plastic bottles strung together and stuffed into pieces of clothing . This , Alex says , is evidence of the Thai ability to improvise and adapt in adversity . Impact Your World : See how you can help An internet security consultant , Alex frequently has to field calls from clients on the boat . He says he even dropped his iPhone into the water during one call and could not find it for five minutes . He eventually fished it out , and it continues to work . After passing a partially submerged McDonalds drive-thru and a golf course which now resembles a Florida-style swamp , we spend time feeding countless abandoned dogs and cats -- a reminder of how quickly some people were forced to leave their homes . Romeo points out that one dog had been tied to the same railing for over a week . The obvious buildup of garbage , both in and around the water , has raised fears about the spread of disease . According to the country 's Ministry of Public Heath , some 20,700 kits have been distributed that test for leptospirosis , a severe bacterial infection that can affect areas where water has been stagnant for more than three weeks . Romeo says he made sure his workers have had tetanus shots . While most businesses around Rangsit and Lumlukka -- including the domestic Don Muang airport -- have been forced to close , the local hospital has remained open for emergency cases only -- provided patients can negotiate the improvised jetty and barking dogs at what was the emergency room entrance . The ER has been completely destroyed , but a functioning triage unit has been set up on the first floor among piles of dental chairs rescued from another flooded wing . The staff -- doctors , nurses and administrators -- have all been living in the hospital since the crisis began . "  We are coping , " says the friendly receptionist without a hint of dissent . Back on the highway-turned-river , the boat makes several stops to help people struggling to paddle or wade their way through chest-high water -- including a woman pushing a five-month baby in a kitchen basin , as she searched for diapers -- before we reach the house of Romeo 's father on an affluent street . The street signs are almost all under water here , indicating a depth of at least two meters . We take our own measurement : 2.20 meters . When we reach the house , dark green tide marks on the outer walls illustrate how the water had recently neared 2.5 meters . The ground floor is a disaster , as pieces of furniture float freely around what was the lounge . "  I 'm still smiling , " Romeo 's father says through gritted teeth . His son can barely recognize the house he grew up in . The smell of stagnant water is also overpowering , while mold is starting to appear on the upper floors , thanks to the "  cooking " of the water below in mid-afternoon heat . There 's no electricity to power a fan or air-conditioning unit . Two blocks away , Romeo 's own house has not fared any better . A car roof can just be seen in the drive . Romeo 's father , who moved from Italy to Thailand more than 30 years ago , thinks it will be months before the water will be gone . "  But where will the water go ? " he asks . "  I ca n't see central Bangkok avoiding this . " By now it 's almost pitch-black , with almost no street lamps working . The water is so congested with other boats -- some carrying cars -- that it takes us an hour to reach dry land . The changing depth is also a major hazard , as the propeller on the boat occasionally smashes against concrete . Another hour-long journey in a car this time , and I 'm back in central Bangkok . Commuters are heading home , and bars and restaurants are open . It 's a different city .	Floodwaters from north Thailand show little sign of disappearing quickly Residents in outlying areas have been living in water for almost a month A factory owner is trying to keep floods out of his warehouse He feels compelled to help stranded people nearby
So , you got a drone for ChrismaHanuKwanzakah , huh ? You could be among thousands -- potentially tens of thousands -- of new drone users after this holiday season , according to industry leaders . Once you 've unpacked your high-tech gift , you should probably read up on the Federal Aviation Association 's guidelines to make sure you avoid nearly colliding with a Boeing 747 or slicing someone 's face at a TGI Friday 's . Yes , both have happened . Three drone associations partnered with the FAA this month to spread the word about the guidelines to safely operate drones -- the Know Before You Fly campaign . But since we both know there 's a good chance you could find a way to get into your own kind of trouble , we 've boiled down the must-knows right here : 1 . Do n't use your camera-equipped drone to get a closer look at airplanes in mid-air . It 's illegal for recreational drones to be flown higher than 400 feet or within 5 miles of an airport . The FAA has already recorded 25 incidents when small drones got too close for comfort with manned aircrafts . Pilots have also reported unmanned aerial vehicles , or UVAs , several thousands of feet in the air , sometimes coming within just a few dozen feet of their aircraft , according to FAA data . And drones could do serious damage . Remember when a plane was forced to miraculously land on the Hudson River after hitting at least one bird ? Now , replace that bird with a drone . 2 . Headed to the game ? Leave the drone at home . You might be tempted to send your quadcopter above the field to get an aerial view , but remember there 's always the Jumbotron . The FAA advises drone pilots to keep their crafts away from large crowds and out of stadiums and racetracks . The blades on some drones can seriously injure , like when a mistletoe marketing gimmick that involved a drone inside a TGI Friday 's went wrong , cutting a photographer . 3 . And you definitely want to keep your drone away from power lines . The FAA warns users to keep their drones away from "  power stations , water treatment facilities , correctional facilities , heavily traveled roadways , government facilities , etc. " Earlier this month an Australian man literally crashed a nine-hour police operation , almost hitting one of the police officers , after his drone got tangled in power lines , CNET reported . Anyway , that should n't happen as long as you keep your drone within your line of sight at all times , another guideline for drone use . 4 . Making money off your drone without a permit -- illegal . The FAA needs to OK the commercial use of any drone , whether that 's selling photos or videos , providing security or making a movie using a UAV . The FAA even fined one man $ 10,000 for using a drone to shoot a promotional video . 5 . Do n't be a creep . The Academy of Model Aeronautics , one of three drone groups collaborating with the FAA , advises users not to use drones to photograph people secretly or spy on them . Sen. Rand Paul , R-Kentucky , is already worried enough about the government using drones to invade people 's privacy without having to worry about civilian and commercial drones peering into people 's windows .	A drone is not an excuse to get up close and personal with an airplane And the FAA does n't want you taking it to stadiums or bringing it close to power lines either You need to get authorization from the FAA to make money off your drone And , please , do n't be a creep
Holmy , near Ukraine-Russian border  CNN  -- A low hum rises high into the onion-shaped dome of a village church . The priest , shrouded in a gold cape , peers through steel-gray eyes at the small flock standing before him , intoning ancient religious chants . A few miles of forest , swampland and rolling potato fields is all that stands between this community of 2,500 people and Ukraine 's eastern border with Russia . In the congregation , tears stream down one lady 's face . Hard to tell whether she 's moved by the power of prayer or whether she 's just plain terrified of the prospect Russian troops could invade . Before he took his vows , Father Mikhail Zorivchak -- an engineer by profession -- was an officer in the Soviet army . He came back to this region after the fall of the Berlin Wall but found no other work except rebuilding churches , including the one in this village . He can not believe his old comrades will roll into Ukraine , even less that rank-and-file Russian soldiers would heed orders to open fire on their Ukrainian neighbors . But if they do , Zorivchak is preaching to the faithful that there can be no question of turning the other cheek . "  I will preach to our people to defend our homeland from any invader . This is the land of our grandfathers . I 'll pray for our army . And if they need me I 'm ready to join them to protect our holy land , " he told CNN . ` Truth is where God is ' Zorivchak knows firsthand the might of the Russian military . He served the Soviets at a base in East Germany between 1986 and 1988 building storage facilities for T-80 tanks . But in his new life as a priest , he believes he and the rest of village have two key tactical advantages against advancing Russian armor . "  We know how to fight a partisan  guerrilla  war . We know these forests and swamps like the back of our hand and it will be very hard to fight us , " he said . "  Truth will win . Truth is where God is and God is on our side , " he added . Luba Kostroma , who during the week works in the village store , is trying to keep her nerve , hoping and praying for the best . "  Of course I 'm praying for peace . But I think the Russians will come in , " she said . She was at Sunday Mass with her 3-year-old grandson Olexi and her son Igor . Igor Kostroma was a soldier in the Ukrainian army and later served in the police force . He 's an army reservist , and if war did break out he would almost certainly be dispatched to the front line . That thought terrifies his mother . "  Every mother worries when her son is mobilized . We understand our young men have to protect the homeland . But it 's painful to think that our sons must go to war in the 21st century , " Kostroma said , her voice rising in a mix of fear and defiance . This talk of facing down a far more powerful enemy may not be mere bluster . The young men of Holmy know they have the lessons of history to live up to . This border region was the scene of a bitter guerrilla campaign during World War II . Ukrainian villagers -- known as "  partisans " -- fought in small , lightly armed and highly mobile squads against the Germans . In that era , Russian soldiers were their allies . In another village near Holmy , a concrete , wartime monument still stands , emblazoned with a red star and the logo of the USSR . On one side the names of dozens of Soviet troops who died in combat . On the other side , the names of even more Ukrainian partisans who fell . The locals clearly take pride in that legacy . Ukrainian military peers intently across border Over the past week , Pentagon officials have estimated Moscow has massed around 40,000 troops on the border and that a further 25,000 are deployed a little deeper in Russia 's interior . The Ukrainian government 's National Defense and Security Council puts the total figure a little higher -- around 88,000 . Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov last week said Moscow had no intention of moving into Ukraine . However , at the same time , Russian President Vladimir Putin has continued to accuse Ukrainian nationalists of threatening ethnic Russians living in Ukraine -- a pretext he also used to send his troops into the Ukrainian region of Crimea . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry met Lavrov Sunday for talks in Paris about the troop buildup . In a press conference afterward , Kerry said both men had exchanged ideas and suggestions , but there was no hint Moscow was about to pull its men back . Far from those diplomatic discussions , in a potato field near Holmy , a Ukrainian military unit has spent days monitoring the border region using a mobile radar station and other sophisticated listening equipment . A major , who was not authorized to speak on the record , told us he had seen a huge buildup of Russian troop numbers . He added they had also spotted attack helicopters , tanks and even missile batteries . Digging in Among the civilian populace , fear is palpable . Preparations for war are gathering pace . On the corner of the square in Holmy , an abandoned Soviet-era village store has been reopened . A handful of locals turned up Sunday bringing supplies of food to donate to Ukrainian troop detachments . Rice , sacks of potatoes , cooking oil and an assortment of home-pickled vegetables were laid out on the ground . It 's not clear how many Ukrainian troops have been deployed into the border region . A few armored personnel carriers and tanks can be seen positioned near strategic points along the highway that leads to the capital , Kiev . But many more may be located in the forests . Villages immediately on the border have been declared closed military zones , according to the Ukrainian Border Patrol Service . Outsiders are not being permitted to enter . A CNN team did briefly manage to get in unhindered . In a wooded area just a few hundred yards back from the border , the CNN team found a series of recently dug defensive positions , including trenches and foxholes . There was no immediate sign of troops . A few moments later , a plainclothes border agent arrived and ordered the journalists out of the zone . "  They 're troublemakers , " he told his men , referring to the journalists . But of course , if the Russians do roll in , the trouble will only just be beginning .	Fear of Russian invasion is palpable in the border community of Holmy Father Mikhail Zorivchak : "  I will preach to our people to defend our homeland " Border region was scene of guerrilla warfare vs. Germans during WWII Ukrainian officer claims big buildup of Russian troops , presence of offensive weapons
CNN  -- Last year , after CNN readers voted for me to do a story on income inequality , I spent two weeks reporting from what was then the "  most unequal place in America " : East Carroll Parish , Louisiana . It 's a tiny patch of land on the western bank of the Mississippi River -- home to a beautiful oxbow lake called Lake Providence . That lake , I found , is a stark barrier between rich and poor -- and a fitting microcosm for inequality across the nation . My goal in reporting on the parish , on your behalf , was to spark a national conversation on income inequality that could , in some small way , help push for change . I 'm now happy to report that the level of income inequality in East Carroll Parish , while still quite high , has dropped considerably . New York is now the worst . East Carroll Parish went from top-of-list to No. 128 . Manhattan -- or New York County -- has the highest inequality rating , followed by Borden County , Texas ; Franklin County , Mississippi  which I visited in 2013 for a very different kind of story  ; Mineral County , Colorado ; and Greene County , Georgia , according to census data released on Thursday . The new data is part of the American Community Survey , and is an average of data from the years 2009 to 2013 . The census , and many economists , use a wonky metric called the "  Gini coefficient " to measure how income is spread across a particular society or geography . A rating of zero means a society is perfectly equal -- or that everyone has the same level of income . A rating of one means that literally all the income falls into the hands of one man or woman . East Carroll Parish had a rating of 0.67 in 2011 , which was the most recent data available when I traveled to the parish . Now , its rating is 0.50 , which is n't that much higher than the U.S. Gini coefficient , which is 0.47 , according to the census . "  It 's a big change , " Kirby Posey , a survey statistician at the U.S. Census Bureau said of the shift in East Carroll Parish . It 's also one , he said , that 's statistically significant when you compare 2011 data from the parish to the current set . New York County 's inequality , meanwhile , has remained constant over the same period , holding steady at about 0.60 . Mind you , that level of inequality is still not good . The United States is one of the most economically split nations in the world -- with more income inequality than Nigeria or Russia . The most equal country , according to CIA data , is Sweden , with a rating of 0.23 . Also , there 's a lag in data reporting . The most recent numbers , those released on Thursday , come from interviews that were taken between 2009 and 2013 as part of the American Community Survey . So it 's difficult to get an exact snapshot of this moment . I do , however , find East Carroll Parish 's drop in inequality promising . It 's hard , from my desk in Atlanta , to tease out exactly how and why this shift occurred in East Carroll Parish . Posey , from the census , was n't sure , either . I left messages with the sheriff of East Carroll Parish and the mayor of Lake Providence , among others , but I have n't heard back from them . I 'll update this piece if and when I do . The one resident I could reach was Bernadette Barrett , or "  Sister Bernie , " as she 's known locally , because she 's an Irish Catholic nun . She told me some new jobs -- including those with a pepper farm and at a chemical processing plant -- have come to town , or are coming soon . "  Some people have gotten employed there -- so that 's helping bring people up , " she said . She told me there 's talk of a new tomato cannery in town , too . The numbers , however , indicate something else may be at play : The rich are getting less rich . The average income for the top 5 % of earners in the parish was $ 610,884 in 2011 -- but fell sharply to only $ 165,017 in 2013 , the data show . The average income for the top 20 % fell from $ 224,264 to $ 97,104 over the same period . It 's unclear what would have caused that plunge . There have been symbolic signs of progress , though . Among them is that locals and volunteers finished painting a mural downtown . It features a crossword puzzle with words like "  believe , " "  hope " and "  change . " It also includes a painting of Dede Willis , a young woman who was featured in the video on the income gap in Lake Providence , which I produced with videographer Edythe McNamee . I 'll leave you for now with something Willis , then 18 , told us on our visit : "  If one day someone just came  and said  , ` Dede , here 's a million dollars , do whatever you want , ' I would build a huge bridge across the lake . And then , after a while ,  the rich and the poor  are not going to have a choice but to talk to each other . " My hope is that Dede 's bridge , at least symbolically , is already being built .	CNN 's John Sutter looks at new income inequality data from the census New York County has the highest inequality level , according to the data East Carroll , Parish , Louisiana , which Sutter featured last year , drops to No. 128 Sutter celebrates the news as a sign that things are changing in that rural community
CNN  -- A U.S. satellite project said Wednesday it has found evidence of additional mass graves in South Kordofan , a day after the Sudanese president called for a unilateral cease-fire in the state . The Satellite Sentinel Project said it has evidence of a total of eight mass graves in the area since June , including two additional ones recently in and around Kadugli . Kadugli is the capital of the border state . The project cited witness accounts and images of what it says are body bags . "  This report presents more visual evidence and new information by eyewitnesses ... of the collection and burial of human remains wrapped in tarps and/or body bags by the Sudanese Red Crescent Society , " it said in a statement . Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir rejected the findings as propaganda from the west . The Satellite Sentinel Project , which is partially funded by U.S. actor George Clooney , is based on the Harvard Humanitarian Initiative 's analysis of satellite imagery and witness reports . In the past , the government has said rebels are to blame for the violence in the region , and has been engaged in a fierce campaign to battle what it says are militia in the area . Al-Bashir on Tuesday called for a two-week , unilateral cease-fire in the state , saying the government would assess the situation after that period . The report follows allegations by human rights groups that Sudanese forces have conducted widespread killings in the region this summer . The project has said its evidence is consistent with allegations that Sudan forces and militias "  have engaged in a campaign of killing civilians . " Nuba fighters helped South Sudan during the civil war with Sudan , which raged for decades and left millions dead . South Sudan became an independent nation in July . South Kordofan remains a territory of the Sudanese government in the north , but borders South Sudan . In July , a United Nations report detailed new allegations of violence , including mass graves , in the volatile border state . Reported incidents included aerial attacks that killed civilians , attacks on churches , arbitrary arrests , abductions and house-to-house searches , said the report . "  This report provides only a small window on what 's happening in Southern Kordofan , " Philippe Bolopion of Human Rights Watch said last month .	NEW : Sudanese President Omar al-Bashir rejects the findings A U.S. satellite project says it has found evidence in South Kordofan Its report includes witness accounts and images of what it says are body bags
RollingStone.com  -- She 's brassy , hilarious and just about the only comedian around who can almost single-handedly carry a movie to a $ 35 million opening : "  Tammy " star Melissa McCarthy is on the cover of our Summer Double issue  on stands now  , flexing her muscles for a revealing story that details her long rise to stardom and her  sometimes unusual  acting techniques . McCarthy may be known for swearing onscreen , but hanging out with contributing editor Erik Hedegaard , she offers more "  holy smokies ! " than f *** s as she explains how she spent a decade kicking around comedy clubs in New York and Los Angeles , then gave herself a deadline : If she did n't catch a break by the time she turned 30 , she 'd consider giving up the dream . A week before her birthday , she got a call about an audition for "  Gilmore Girls , " and 14 years later , she 's become one of the most reliable comedy actors in Hollywood , stealing the spotlight in movies like "  Bridesmaids , " "  The Heat " and "  Identity Thief " and chilling with Brad and Angelina at the Golden Globes . Rated XX : A brief history of female comedies Here are five revelations from the story : She started her career in comedy doing stand-up as a drag queen named Miss Y . When McCarthy moved to New York at age 20 , her roommate , Brian Atwood , a friend from home who would go on to become a popular shoe designer , suggested she try stand-up . "  I really dressed to rival a drag queen , for sure , " she recalls .  "  It was the time of Lady Miss Kier , RuPaul and Lady Bunny , " says Atwood .  "  I had a gold lamé swing coat on , a huge wig , big eyelashes , " McCarthy recalls . "  I talked about being incredibly wealthy and beautiful and living extravagantly . " She got cast in "  Bridesmaids " despite slipping into one of her "  fugue states " during the audition -- and rambling about dolphin sex . Doing improv with Kristen Wiig in front of Judd Apatow and Paul Feig , McCarthy blacked out and began rambling about inter-species dolphin sex . "  There 's not one thing you could have done to seem any stranger , " she said to herself in the car home . "  Sex with a dolphin ? Handplay with a dolphin ! You just could not have been any weirder . " A year or so later , she was nominated for an Oscar for her role in the film . ` Saturday Night ' specials : 15 great female ` SNL ' hosts She also blacks out during many of her best curse-filled tirades . When McCarthy was a kid , she 'd flatten herself against dining room chairs and scare her father by grabbing his leg when he finally walked by . These days , she brings that commitment to her acting roles , getting so deep into character that she almost loses consciousness . During the end credits of "  This Is 40 , " for instance , McCarthy tells Paul Rudd and Leslie Mann , "  I would like to rear up and jackknife my legs and kick you both in the f ***** g jaw with my foot bone . That 's what I would f ***** g love . I wish my f ***** g foot would go right through your skull . " Now , she laughs , "  When I saw that scene , I really truly did n't remember saying most of it . " She was a bit of an angsty teenage goth . Early in high school , McCarthy was a preppy jock : a cheerleader and a student-council member . But when puberty hit , she dyed her hair blue-black , wore weirdo fishnets on her arms and snuck out to Chicago , where she 'd frequent a club called Medusa 's and dance on scaffolding . "  I turned slightly nuts , " she admits of the years she drank wine coolers and cheap beer -- and did a little shoplifting . "  We 'd wrap sweaters around ourselves and walk out . "  She also owns up to stealing a Chunky when she was five . Melissa McCarthy : The runaway bridesmaid She 's actually quite happy now . Less the tortured comic genius of cliché than a married-with-kids success story , McCarthy seems almost content . When Hedegaard asks what she might be running from , the star ca n't come up with an answer , offering only , "  I do n't know . " Her self-destructive habits ? "  I could eat healthier , I could drink less , " she says . "  I should be learning another language and working out more , but I 'm just always saying , ` Ah , I could get hit by a bus tomorrow . ' " See the original story on RollingStone.com . See more comedy news at CNN Comedy . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	Melissa McCarthy covers Rolling Stone 's June 21 issue She talks about her unusual audition for "  Bridesmaids " The actress was an angsty teen But now , she 's quite content
CNN  -- Deborah Jeane Palfrey , known as the "  D.C. Madam , " was found dead in Florida on Thursday , according to Tarpon Springs police . Deborah Jeane Palfrey was convicted of running a high-powered prostitution ring . Palfrey hanged herself in a storage shed on her mother 's property , where she had been staying , police said . Palfrey 's mother , 76-year-old Blanche Palfrey , found the body , police said . Palfrey was convicted April 15 in connection with a high-end prostitution ring catering to Washington 's elite . She had said in interviews that she would kill herself before going to prison . "  Blanche Palfrey had awoken from a nap and began to search the residence for her daughter , " police said . "  When she went outside , she noticed a three-wheel bicycle had been moved that was normally kept in the shed . " The older woman then saw her daughter 's body hanging from a metal beam under the shed 's roof , police said . "  The mother 's obviously distraught , " said Tarpon Springs police Capt. Jeffrey Young . "  This is the hardest part in any type of situation like this , when you have a suicide . It 's all the victims that are left behind . " Police earlier said "  handwritten notes were found on scene that describes the victim 's intention to take her life , and foul play does not appear to be involved . " The Pinellas County Medical Examiner 's Office will determine the cause of death , police said . Watch police confirm death of "  D.C. Madam " " Palfrey 's lawyers expressed sadness at news reports . "  I am devastated to hear about this , " Montgomery Blair Sibley said before police confirmed the death . Her court-appointed lawyer Preston Burton said , "  This is tragic news . My heart goes out to her mother . " She was found guilty of money laundering , racketeering and mail fraud and faced a maximum 55-year prison term at her sentencing , scheduled for July 24 . Prosecutors estimated that she would have received a sentence between 57 and 71 months , about six years , because of sentencing guidelines and other factors that would have been taken into account . "  I 'm looking at 55 years in a federal penitentiary , and at my age , that is virtually a life sentence , " Palfrey told CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa in March . "  Realistically , we estimate between eight and 15 years . I 'm also looking at the complete forfeiture of my entire life savings and work . " She said the government "  went after me . They found out that I 'm not who they thought I was , and instead of dropping the whole matter they decided to press forward and , what the heck , she 's a woman , she 's weak , we 'll intimidate her , we 'll humiliate her , we 'll pounce on this poor lady and she 'll give in . " Palfrey told writer Dan Moldea , who was helping her write a book , that she would commit suicide rather than return to jail , according to Time magazine . "  She had done time once before -LSB- for prostitution -RSB- , " Moldea told Time . "  And it damn near killed her . " Palfrey had made similar comments to ABC News in 2007 , saying , "  I sure as heck am not going to be going to federal prison for one day , let alone , you know , four to eight years . " A spokesman for the U.S. attorney 's office in Washington , which prosecuted Palfrey , said , "  we extend our condolences to Ms. Palfrey 's family . " At least one lawmaker , Louisiana Sen. David Vitter , a Republican , turned up in the phone records of her business , Pamela Martin & Associates . State Department official Randall Tobias resigned in May 2007 after confirming that he patronized Palfrey 's business . Palfrey argued her business was a legitimate , legal escort service . "  There 's no violence , there 's very little if any drug activity . There 's very little if any fraud . Basically a bunch of benign women who want to make a living . This is not racketeering by any means -- this is running a business , " she told CNN Radio in March . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Paul Courson and Kevin Bohn and CNN Radio 's Ninette Sosa contributed to this report .	Deborah Jeane Palfrey said last year she would never return to prison Palfrey hanged herself on mother 's property , police say Suicide notes were found near the body , police say Palfrey was convicted of running high-powered prostitution ring April 15
CNN  -- Telstra is Australia 's leading telecommunications and information services company , with customers throughout the country . The company began life as part of the Postmaster-General 's Department , established in Australia in 1901 , to deal with domestic telephone , telegraph and postal services . After several name changes over its more than 100-year history , the company became Telstra in 1993 . Today the company has more than more than 9 million fixed line and 9 million mobile services , handles international calls to 230 countries and territories worldwide , and is Australia 's 3G market leader , with over 2 million 3G customers . It also has more than 11,000 telephone exchanges , installs an average of 12,000 services per day and in the financial year ending June 30 , 2007 it handled 6.5 billion local calls , 7.1 long distance minutes and 4.9 billion SMS messages . In the financial year ended June 30 , 2007 sales revenue was $ 23.7 billion Australian  $ 22 billion  and underlying EBIT $ 5.8 billion Australian  $ 5.4 billion  . Telstra is one of Australia 's top 10 listed companies , and is a Fortune 500 company . The company sponsors a large number of sports and teams , including organizations in the Australian Football League , the National Rugby League and V8 Supercars . It also endorses the arts through groups such as Australian Ballet and the Great Southern Blues and Rockabilly Festival . Telstra won "  Next Generation Network Service Provider of the Year " award at the Frost & Sullivan Asia Pacific ICT Awards in June 2007 and the Innovation Mobility Award for its Next G ! network rollout at the 2007 ACOMMS Awards . Telstra 's Access for Everyone package , valued at over $ 200 million Australian  $ 186 million  per year , provides support to over 1.5 million Australians who are experiencing financial hardship each year , including more than a million pensioners . E-mail to a friend	Telstra began life in 1901 as part of the Postmaster-General 's Department The company installs an average of 12,000 services per day Telstra is one of Australia 's top 10 listed companies , a Fortune 500 company
CNN  On the northern Japanese island of Hokkaido , the life of a horse may be tracked down two distinct paths . One is long-lived , the horse bred to exhibit its utmost power and beauty . The other is cut straight to the bone , a life that is transient and transformed in an instant . Hajime Kimura 's black-and-white photo series "  Tracks " is a journey down both of those paths . Racehorse breeding has become a common practice and a significant economic activity for those in Hokkaido . From the moment a horse is born , it is inevitably subject to the watchful eyes of judgment . If born healthy , able to stand up strong on its newly formed young limbs , the pony will spend its life on the path to becoming a racehorse . But , if born with any kind of defect , the pony will instead tumble down a much darker path , slaughtered for both animal and human food consumption . Kimura 's "  Tracks " provides viewers with a direct view of the two distinct paths , from eager audiences waiting for the start of a horse race , to an eerily empty , lifeless stable . "  Tracks " was certainly not an easy series for Kimura to undertake . "  The most tough part was that there was no slaughterhouse  that would  let me cover it , " Kimura said via email . Through the introduction of a friend , however , Kimura was eventually able to photograph a small private farm after his two-month search . Social media Follow @CNNPhotos on Twitter to join the conversation about photography . "  I felt a lot while shooting , " Kimura said . "  The most emotional moment was when a horse was shot in its forehead with a gun . ... That was a thought-provoking time for me . I kept staring at the horse changing to meat . I 've never seen such a thing before . " The ages of 16 and 21 are often viewed as significant moments in many people 's lives , and this is especially true for Kimura . At 16 , Kimura attended a horse race for the first time . Five years later , he ate horse meat . The combination of these two experiences led him on an investigation into the memories of his past . "  I wanted to understand how  my experiences  can connect , " Kimura said . "  Tracks " is ultimately a series in which Kimura descends deep into his memories in order to produce an emotional exploration of life and death . It leaves viewers to consider the distinction between the path of life and that of death : Is one path truly more bright and hopeful , or more dark and helpless , than the other ? The decision to shoot in black and white is especially poignant . "  This world has color , as you know , " Kimura said . "  But I want to see this world simpler . I want to see texture beyond the color , and I want you to evoke your imagination . " Kimura was raised in Chiba , a prefecture just outside of Tokyo . Having studied architecture and anthropology while in college , his career in photography began nine years ago . Since then , he has published two photo books , "  Kodama " and "  Tokyo Etude , " and has received several awards , including first prize for the IPA Photo Book Asia Award in 2013 . What one finds consistent in all of Kimura 's work is his endless curiosity about his surroundings and people . "  In my career in photography , " he said , "  one thing I 've always thought is my priority to enjoy the journey , the process . ... The important thing is to live my own life with curiosity , and then I can talk about photography . " Hajime Kimura is a Japanese photographer based in Tokyo . You can follow him on Instagram and Twitter .	Hajime Kimura 's photo series "  Tracks " focuses on horses ' lives in Hokkaido , Japan Horse racing is popular on the island , and ponies are eyed early for their sporting potential But if there are any defects , the path is eventually slaughter
Washington  CNN  -- Unmanned aircraft patrolling the nation 's borders have an accident rate seven times greater than general aviation aircraft , and hundreds of times greater than the rate of jetliners , federal officials said Thursday in urging caution in expanding the use of pilotless planes . Unmanned aerial vehicles , or UAVs , have proven remarkably useful in the skies over Iraq and Afghanistan , but are difficult to integrate into U.S. skies , the most complex airspace in the world , FAA official Nancy Kalinowski said in testimony before a House Homeland Security subcommittee . Kalinowski said the accident rates for Customs and Border Protection  CBP  aircraft are based on a relatively limited use of the planes -- only 5,688 flight hours . But because of the limited data , "  the FAA must make conservative decisions " concerning integrating UAVs into U.S. skies , Kalinowski said . It is the FAA 's responsibility to ensure the safety of other planes in the sky as well as people on the ground , she said . Increasingly , government agencies , police departments and private businesses have pushed the FAA for expanded use of UAVs . CBP currently operates six UAVs and will get a seventh by the end of the year . The CBP accident rate is 52.7 accidents per 100,000 flight hours , Kalinowski said . The accident rate for general aviation aircraft is 7.11 accidents per 100,000 flight hours , and 0.149 accidents for commercial aircraft . Public operators of UAVs such as the government and universities must obtain a special FAA certificate of waiver or authorization before operating in U.S. civil airspace . Civil users can get permits for research and development , demonstrations and crew training , but commercial UAV operations are not permitted at this time .	Unmanned aircraft have higher accident rates than regular aircraft The FAA urges caution in expanding the use of pilotless planes in the United States An FAA official told a House subcommittee that the agency must make conservative decisions on the issue
Tunis , Tunisia  CNN  -- Tunisian opposition leaders joined the current ruling party Monday in a new government to replace the country 's ousted president , while U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called for a return to stability "  as soon as possible . " The government will be led by current Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi , who took charge of the North African country when longtime President Zine El Abidine Ben Ali fled last week . Ghannouchi 's 19-member Cabinet will include three opposition leaders and 10 independents , he announced Monday . The new government will be tasked with leading Tunisia toward new elections , he said . Street clashes continued in Tunis on Monday , three days after Ben Ali 's departure , with police firing tear gas into crowds of demonstrators in Tunis . Ban called on the new government to restore stability and the rule of law "  as soon as possible . " Ben Ali fled to Saudi Arabia on Friday after ruling the country for 23 years . His ouster followed weeks of protest over what Tunisians said were poor living conditions , high unemployment , government corruption and repression . Fouad Mebazaa , a former parliament speaker , was named acting president Saturday . He promised to restore stability and respect the constitution of the North African country . Speaking in Abu Dhabi , Ban told reporters the new government should protect human rights and guarantee freedom of speech and association . But he said he remained "  extremely concerned " about the ongoing clashes in the streets . "  This is a moment for the Tunisian people to strengthen the country 's longstanding culture of political moderation and its attachment to peace , " he said . "  I call on the government and all stakeholders to ensure a prompt restoration of the rule of law , and to respect and accommodate the aspirations of the people . Tunisia must regain its stability as soon as possible , to pursue the path of development and prosperity . " The new government includes opposition leaders Mustafa Ben Jaafar , who will serve as health minister ; Ahmad Ibrahim , education minister ; and Ahmad Najib Al Shabi , minister of local development . Among the holdovers is Ahmad Friaa , the interior minister . Friaa , speaking later on state TV , said 78 people have died in the clashes across several weeks and 94 have been injured , among them many police officers . He urged people to stop riots and to work with police . He vowed that those who should be held responsible for mistakes of the past will be punished . And Friaa ended his speech saying , "  Yes for democracy , yes freedom , no for chaos . " Friaa also said the cost of the turmoil of recent weeks is 3 billion Tunisian dinars  about 1.6 billion euros , about $ 2 billion U.S.  . The announcements came a day after the country 's army clashed with armed gangs and remnants of Ben Ali 's personal guard . Police have arrested looters and as many as two dozen of the ousted president 's relatives since Friday . Public protests continued Monday , as about two thousand people packed into a major road in Tunis . As the demonstrators tried to work their way toward the headquarters of the ruling party , police opened fire with tear gas . Opposition officials told CNN there were other peaceful demonstrations in towns in central and southern Tunisia . Tunisia 's unrest was triggered by the December suicide of an unemployed college graduate , who set himself ablaze after police confiscated the fruit cart that was his source of income . Recent diplomatic cables from the U.S. Embassy in Tunisia , disclosed by the WikiLeaks website , revealed growing discontent with what Tunisians believed was widespread corruption and nepotism within Ben Ali 's government . Experts say the kinds of protests seen in Tunisia could inspire similar actions , particularly by unemployed young people , in other Arab nations . In the weekend 's chaos , a group of Swedish hunters visiting Tunisia said Monday they were stopped on the streets near Kasserine and beaten . Some of the men 's eyes were swollen and blood-filled . One man had apparently been beaten on the back . Another man had a head injury . "  To be fair , when we look back , we can understand that our guns scared them , " said one of the men , Ove Oberg , who met with CNN Monday morning . The men said by the time the army came and understood the hunters were tourists , they had been badly beaten . "  If the army did n't find us , we would have been dead , " Magnus Josefsson said . Mohamed Guiga , a witness to Sunday 's clash between government troops and Ben Ali 's loyalists , said most Tunisians have rallied to each other 's aid since the uprising . "  We are proud of those people -- simple people , young people , normal people -- who take care of each other , " Guiga said . CNN 's Rima Maktabi , Ben Wedeman , Per Nyberg , Matt Smith and Neil Curry contributed to this report .	NEW : U.N. secretary-general is "  extremely concerned " about ongoing clashes Police used tear gas on demonstrators Monday in Tunis Prime Minister Mohamed Ghannouchi announces a unity government Weeks of demonstrations have left 78 dead and has cost billions , the government says
CNN  -- A man in a motorcycle detonated explosives Monday near a police van in northwest Pakistan , killing at least six people and wounding more than 30 , police said . The explosion took place on a busy road in the city of Peshawar . No one immediately claimed responsibility for the attack . It was the latest deadly blast to rattle the country ahead of national elections next month . Read more : The myth of an Arab Spring in Pakistan On Sunday , at least eight people were killed as the Pakistani Taliban continued to attack candidates in that country 's upcoming vote , police said . In a statement to CNN , the Pakistani Taliban took responsibility for bombings at the offices of candidates in Peshawar and the Orakzai Agency . Both attacks Sunday targeted independent candidates . The Taliban said it targeted secular candidates , but many parties have been hit by the increasing violence . "  A man can not be secular and Muslim at a time . These are two different doctrines in nature , " the statement said . The elections in May will mark the first time in Pakistan 's history that one democratically elected government will give way to another . Read more : Will democracy be derailed in Pakistan ? The nation has experienced three military coups , been ruled by generals for half its life , and it remains mired in near-constant political turmoil . Pakistani Taliban leader Hakimullah Mehsud has told Pakistanis to stay away from the elections . "  We are not in favor of democracy . Democracy is for Jews and Christians , " he said in recent propaganda video . "  We want the implementation of Sharia  law  , and for that jihad is necessary , " he added . The Pakistani Taliban are closely linked with the group 's namesake in Afghanistan as well as with al Qaeda . It shares a similar religious extremist ideology , but is a distinct group that wants to replace the Pakistani government with an Islamist one . Ali Dayan Hasan , the Pakistan director at Human Rights Watch , called for the country 's interim government to provide candidates with as much protection as possible so they can campaign freely without fear . "  Since the end of military rule in 2008 , Pakistan 's political parties have displayed an impressive commitment to cementing democratic and constitutional rule , " Hasan said . "  It would be a tragedy if a combination of militancy and the government 's failure to ensure security compromises the election and sets back Pakistan 's progress towards regular , free and fair elections in which all Pakistanis can participate . " CNN 's Nic Robertson contributed to this report .	No one immediately claimed responsibility for the Monday attack The Pakistani Taliban took responsibility for blasts that killed 8 on Sunday The group says it is targeting candidates in the upcoming democratic election Pakistani Taliban : "  We are not in favor of democracy . Democracy is for Jews and Christians "
CNN  -- Spain 's 2010 World Cup heroes dominate the list of nominees for this year 's FIFA Ballon d'Or , the award given to the world 's best footballer . Barcelona 's Andres Iniesta , the man whose goal beat the Netherlands and handed Spain their first World Cup , is on the list alongside his midfield partner Xavi and star striker David Villa , who found the net five times during the tournament . In all , the reigning World and European champions have seven players in a 23-strong shortlist , Real Madrid pair Iker Casillas and Xabi Alonso , Cesc Fabregas of Arsenal and Barcelona defender Carles Puyol completing the Spanish contingent . The award is a combination of the FIFA World Player of the Year award and the France Football Ballon d'Or trophy , which have previously been run separately . The winner of the inaugural FIFA Ballon d'Or will be announced in Zurich on January 10 . Argentine superstar Lionel Messi , who won both trophies in 2009 , is one of six Barca players nominated , Daniel Alves of Brazil being their final contender . Real Madrid duo of 2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo and Germany play maker Mesut Ozil , who enhanced his growing reputation with a string of impressive displays during Germany 's run to the semifinals in South Africa , also make the elite list . Another German who shot to stardom during the World Cup is Bayern Munich 's golden boot winner Thomas Mueller , who is nominated with club and national team colleagues Miroslav Klose , who hit four goals in July 's football showpiece , full-back Philipp Lahm and midfield dynamo Bastian Schweinsteiger . Inter Milan 's UEFA Champion 's League triumph has not gone unnoticed among the selectors , with their Dutch talisman Wesley Sneijder included after a hugely successful year which also saw him reach the World Cup final with Netherlands . Inter 's Brazilian duo of right back Maicon and goalkeeper Julio Cesar have also been short listed with Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o . Africa is represented further by Ghanaian Asamoah Gyan after his contribution to the Black Stars ' World Cup quarterfinals appearance , and Ivorian Didier Drogba is on the list after a fine season with English Premier League champions Chelsea . Atletico Madrid striker Diego Forlan is also nominated after a year which saw him win the Europa League with his club and reach the last four of the World Cup with Uruguay . No English players are on the shortlist after a disappointing World Cup for Fabio Capello 's team . The nominees are selected by football experts from FIFA 's Football and Technical and Development Committees . Full list of 23 players nominated for 2010 FIFA Ballon d'Or : Xabi Alonso  Spain  , Daniel Alves  Brazil  , Iker Casillas  Spain  , Cristiano Ronaldo  Portugal  , Didier Drogba  Ivory Coast  , Samuel Eto'o  Cameroon  , Cesc Fabregas  Spain  , Diego Forlan  Uruguay  , Asamoah Gyan  Ghana  , Andres Iniesta  Spain  , Julio Cesar  Brazil  , Miroslav Klose  Germany  , Philipp Lahm  Germany  , Maicon  Brazil  , Lionel Messi  Argentina  , Thomas Mueller  Germany  , Mesut Ozil  Germany  , Carles Puyol  Spain  , Arjen Robben  Netherlands  , Bastian Schweinsteiger  Germany  , Wesley Sneijder  Netherlands  , David Villa  Spain  and Xavi  Spain  .	Spain have seven players nominated for the FIFA Ballon d'Or 2009 winner Lionel Messi is on the shortlist with 2008 winner Cristiano Ronaldo Barcelona have six players short listed for the award Africa has three nominees for the annual accolade
Cairo  CNN  -- Six people were killed and at least 300 were injured when pro-democracy activists clashed Friday with Egyptian security forces in central Cairo , a government official said . Two of the dead were teenagers and one was an Islamic scholar , said Dr. Hisham Shiha , a spokesman for the Ministry of Health . At least four of the fatalities suffered gunshot wounds , with one person shot in the back of the head , he said . Adel Saeed , a spokesman for the general prosecutor , said an investigation is under way . "  We are questioning 14 men detained at scene of clashes and we have a team now at two hospitals questioning the injured to understand how the injuries were inflicted , " he said . A separate team was at the morgues following up on the deaths , he said . Meanwhile , people were throwing Molotov cocktails , rocks and glass . Men wearing what appeared to be military uniforms tossed bricks and concrete on protesters from atop a six-story building . A Ministry of Transportation building burned nearby , and tents in an activist encampment in front of parliament caught fire . The military fired warning shots into the air and sprayed water cannons to disperse the crowd . Shiha said nearly 100 people were hurt , including nine who were shot by live ammunition . Saeed said 12 people were charged with destroying public property . Are you in Cairo ? Tell us what the mood is like . A Ministry of Interior official denied police were involved . "  This situation has nothing to do with the police or the Ministry of Interior , and we do not have forces at the site of the clashes , " said Gen. Marwan Mustapha , a ministry spokesman . A doctor at a clinic said he had treated dozens of protesters for cuts and injuries caused by flying glass and rocks . "  It all started when the military arrested one man , and then an hour later he emerged from building barely able to walk from the beating , " said activist and video blogger Walid Nada . "  His face and body and clothes  were  blotched with blood as the protesters carried him to  a  makeshift hospital . " Activist Mona Seif identified the beaten man as Aboudi Ibrahim . He "  has no broken bones , but major bruises to the face , cuts and harsh burns from electric shockers . We are filling a police report soon , " she said . Activists have been camping outside parliament in protest of the military-appointed prime minister .	NEW : 6 are dead and at least 300 injured , the Egyptian Health Ministry says An investigation is under way , a government spokesman says Glass , rocks and Molotov cocktails are thrown The beating of an activist sparked the violence , activists say
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the Cannes Film Festival gets underway , all eyes will once again be on the contenders for the festival 's top prize -- the Palme d'Or . As one of the most prestigious awards in world cinema , the Golden Palm has been the launchpad for success for many films over the decades . Quentin Tarantino and Bruce Willis promote the celebrated "  Pulp Fiction " at the festival in ' 94 . But it 's not only Hollywood films that get recognition -- just two Palme d'Or winners have gone on to win Best Picture at the Oscars , and just one American movie is competing in this year 's contest . We 've picked five of the most groundbreaking and iconic Palme d'Or winners from around the world since the award 's inception in 1955 . "  Le monde du silence "  1956  Director : Jacques-Yves Cousteau and Louis Malle Starring : Frédéric Dumas , Jacques-Yves Cousteau , Albert Falco Cousteau 's "  Silent World " was the first documentary to walk away with the golden palm , having already won the Best Documentary prize at that year 's Oscars . This deep-sea exploration was one of the first films to show the beauty of the ocean depths in full color , and was also the first French film to win the Palme d'Or -- until 1955 the award had been known as the Grand Prix . What happened next : Cousteau repeated his Oscar success with "  World Without Sun " in 1964 . It was not until Michael Moore 's "  Fahrenheit 9/11 " in 2004 that another documentary would repeat "  Le monde du silence " 's success at Cannes . "  La Dolce Vita "  1960  Director : Federico Fellini Starring : Marcello Mastroianni , Anita Ekberg , Anouk Aimée Fellini 's Roman epic has become one of the most important Italian films ever made , loaded with religious iconography , aristocratic decadence and media comment -- the film even coined the term paparazzi . Tracking a week in the life of a 1950s journalist , "  La Dolce Vita " was greeted rapturously by critics in both Europe and America . What happened next : An Oscar followed in 1962 , and Fellini became a pioneer of arthouse films , following his interest in Jungian psychology . The film 's 50th anniversary will be marked at this year 's festival with the airing of a previously unseen behind-the-scenes documentary . "  Apocalypse Now "  1979  Director : Francis Ford Coppola Starring : Martin Sheen , Marlon Brando , Robert Duvall This one nearly did n't even make the festival -- director Francis Ford Coppola needed persuading to premiere what was then an unfinished three-hour edit of the infamous Vietnam epic . His decision to go ahead was vindicated by rapturous applause from the audience at the end credits . Despite the film 's incomplete state , the jury awarded it the Palme d'Or , shared with Volker Schlondorff 's "  The Tin Drum . " What happened next : The film is now widely regarded as an all-time classic , with its iconic helicopter attack scene to the strains of "  Ride of the Valkyries " passing into folklore as one of cinema 's most memorable scenes . Coppola won a Golden Globe for Best Director , and the film picked up two Academy Awards for sound and cinematography . "  The Piano "  1993  Director : Jane Campion Starring : Holly Hunter , Harvey Keitel , Anna Paquin Writer and director Jane Campion is to date the only woman , and the only New Zealander , to scoop the Palme d'Or , shared that year with Chinese drama "  Farewell My Concubine . " Her stunning period drama featured Holly Hunter as a mute pianist , who also walked off with the Best Actress award at the festival . What happened next : The film enjoyed extraordinary success and critical acclaim -- Hunter went on to take Best Actress awards at almost every major awards ceremony , including the Oscars and Golden Globes , while Michael Nyman 's soundtrack became a bestseller . "  Pulp Fiction "  1994  Director : Quentin Tarantino Starring : John Travolta , Uma Thurman , Samuel L Jackson Quentin Tarantino 's eagerly awaited follow-up to "  Reservoir Dogs " will go down in history as a Cannes classic . The collection of bloody vignettes centering around smalltime LA gangsters stormed the festival -- the whole cast was flown over for the premiere , which received rave reviews across the board , cementing Tarantino 's position as one of the world 's hippest directors . What happened next : Tarantino picked up the Best Screenplay gong at the Oscars , Baftas and Golden Globes , with the film scoring a host of other awards and nominations . "  Pulp Fiction " started a life-long love affair with Cannes for Tarantino , who became president of the festival 's jury in 2004 .	"  Le monde du silence " becomes first ever documentary to win in 1956 In 1979 , Coppola 's unfinished version of "  Apocalypse Now " takes top prize Jane Campion is the only female director to win Palme d'Or , for "  The Piano " "  Pulp Fiction " starts Tarantino 's life-long love affair with Cannes in 1994
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- Vote for me or burn in hell . I ca n't imagine someone running for office saying that . And yet four candidates -- Michele Bachmann , Herman Cain , Rick Perry and Rick Santorum -- have said they had a sense that God was leading them to run . How far can we be from "  vote for me or burn in hell " when it seems we 're already comfortable with "  vote for me , I 've been called by God " ? There was a time when if a candidate wanted to inject faith into a campaign he or she would be photographed going to church or shaking the Rev. Billy Graham 's hand . Now it seems many GOP campaigns are n't complete without claiming God 's seal of approval , which suggests the other candidates may be running without it . Such a sentiment is an ideological piÃ ± ata for comedians like Bill Maher and Jon Stewart , but for conservatives trying to secure the GOP nomination , it 's a highly manipulative campaign tool . Consider the words of Rick Perry 's wife , Anita . During a stop in South Carolina last week she said her husband was being brutalized by the media because of his faith and that while his GOP opponents are "  there for good reasons . And they may feel like God called them , too ... I truly feel like we are here for that purpose . " When Perry was asked about his wife 's comments on "  Good Morning America , " he said "  I think she 's right in both cases . My understanding is that she said I 'm the most conservative candidate in the race and , ` He 's a Christian . ' " Cain was a guest on the Christian Broadcasting Network recently and recapped a conversation he said he had with God before entering the race . "  I felt like Moses when God said , ' I want you to go into Egypt and lead my people out . ' " Cain said . "  Moses resisted . I resisted . ... But you should n't question God . " Repeat : You should n't question God . OK , fine . But why are n't we questioning the candidates who make these kinds of statements the same way we would question whether God actually wanted a particular athlete to win a game ? I do believe a person 's faith is personal , but I 'm not the one using it to get votes . Four candidates have claimed a level of divine intervention with their campaign , which either means the creator of heaven and Earth is hedging his bets or somebody 's mistaken . When a candidate claims to have a plan to create jobs or turn our economy around , we expect thoughtful analysis , as we have seen with President Obama 's jobs package and Cain 's 9-9-9 plan . Why are we not demanding the same level of critical thinking with respect to these candidates ? Is the media so afraid to appear to be attacking someone 's faith that interviewers do n't bother to ask follow-up questions ? If I could trade places with Anderson Cooper , who is moderating Tuesday 's debate , I would ask , "  Now which ones of you were really called by God and which ones are hearing voices in your head ? " then let them discuss among themselves . It seems like a fair line of questioning , especially when you consider Cain is telling a particular voting bloc that he is like Moses and Perry is telling the same voters that Cain and others misheard God . Why would n't conservative Christians want to hear this line of questioning , since they are the sheep who are potentially being targeted by deceptive , power-hungry wolves ? Now I know it seems as if I 'm picking on Republicans , but trust me , I 'm equally disgusted by Democrats who use religion to win elections . I still recoil in horror at the memory of then Sen. Hillary Clinton , on the eve of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. 's birthday in 2008 , standing in front of a Baptist church in Harlem , trying to out-black preach then Sen. Barack Obama , who was visiting Ebenezer Church in Atlanta the same day . And at both locations , the crowd was just eating it up , like extras in a Tyler Perry movie . When people ask why I 'm not a Democrat , this is one of the reasons I give . But not even in the heat of those moments did I hear them say they were called by God to run . Not because Democrats are not religious , but because they seem to know where the line is . This current GOP candidates seem to have no idea that there is a line , let alone its location . It is beginning to feel like if we do n't start pushing back soon , in the next election we 're going to see campaign slogans like , "  Vote for me or God wo n't bless America . " "  Vote for me , or you 'll be left behind . " "  Vote for me ... Jesus did . " On August 4 , 2010 , just before 10:30 p.m. , former longtime Rep. Pete Hoekstra stood in front of a group of supporters in a small city in Michigan to deliver a concession speech . The Republican had just lost his bid to be governor , a job he said he left Congress to pursue because of "  God 's plan . " "  God 's got something better in mind for us , " he said , and in January he finished his term in the House . Today Hoekstra is back in Michigan . Running for Congress . No word yet if God told him to do so or if this is the "  something better " the Almighty had in mind . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : Four GOP candidates say they felt called to run Candidates have grown bolder about using their religious faith to justify their campaigns , he says He asks why people do n't push back and question claims of divine intervention Granderson : Democrats as well as Republicans wrongly inject faith into politics
CNN  -- Humanitarian aid agencies scrambled Monday to offer help to the tens of thousands of people in need after Tamil separatists declared an end to their quarter-century struggle in Sri Lanka . A Tamil refugee holds her child at a tented site in Vavuniya . The United Nations said Monday that over the past few days some 65,000 people had fled what had been the fighting zone in northeast Sri Lanka , bringing to 265,000 the number of internally displaced people , which it refers to as IDPs . "  This latest massive influx of people , who have endured extreme conditions , will put an even greater strain on the transit and IDP sites that are already buckling under the pressure of the existing IDP population , " the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees said in a written statement . The agency pledged to erect an additional 10,000 shelters to accommodate people streaming from the combat zone . It reiterated its request for the Sri Lankan government to set aside land for the construction of emergency shelters , water and sanitation facilities and public buildings in Vavuniya , Jaffna , Mannar and Kilinochchi . And it called on the government to improve conditions at 42 sites already hosting the displaced people , and to ensure adequate care and maintenance for them . But the United Nations said its access to the sites in Vavuniya had been curtailed in recent days "  and this affects our ability to monitor and distribute aid to the displaced . We hope this ends quickly . " Suresh Bartlett , aid agency World Vision 's national director , said , "  The conventional war may be over but the real challenge now is to foster an environment where fractured and displaced Tamil communities can heal and have a real chance at creating a future for themselves and their children . " Among the pressing issues , he said , is getting people back to their land and homes as quickly as possible , which in some cases will require that land be demined and buildings be repaired . About 80,000 of the displaced -- a third of the people in camps -- are children , who need emotional , psychosocial and educational support in addition to physical aid . "  It is important to get people home as quickly as possible so they can feel a sense of ownership over their own lives , recover their dignity and livelihoods and create an environment where their children feel safe , " he said . In a telephone interview from Colombo , Sri Lanka 's most populous city , Bartlett said that the displacement camps are overcrowded , with two and three families staying in shelters intended for a single family . "  A lot more needs to be done , " he said . "  More land needs to be cleared , more shelters set up " and safe drinking-water supplies assured . "  It 's not easy and it 's not straightforward . " He said many of the people still streaming into the camps are malnourished . Though the end of the conflict marks a great opportunity , "  we can do with all the international support that we can get at this time , " he said . Estimates put the number of civilians killed in the conflict at 70,000 to 80,000 , but Bartlett acknowledged that the true number may never be known . Medecins Sans Frontieres , the aid group also known as Doctors Without Borders , was trying to scale up on Monday , a spokeswoman said . The group 's head of mission , Hugues Robert , said the 1999 Nobel Peace Prize-winning organization is staffing three hospitals in the region , where it was screening people seeking help to determine their needs , stabilize them , then treat them . With fighting apparently ended , Robert predicted that the organization 's team of 343 national staff and approximately 50 international staff will focus many of their efforts on providing post-operative care . "  We have a lot of wounded people , " he said . One area of need that remains largely unaddressed , he said , is mental health . Amnesty International called for steps to be taken to ensure civilians and captured fighters are protected . "  The Sri Lankan government must ensure that its forces fully respect international law , including all provisions relating to protecting civilians from the effect of hostilities , " said Amnesty International 's Asia-Pacific director , Sam Zarifi . Amnesty International called on the Sri Lankan government to give humanitarian agencies full access ; to allow independent observers to monitor the situation to guard against human-rights violations ; and to register displaced people as a safeguard against enforced disappearances . Zarifi called on the international community to deploy monitors . In Washington , U.S. State Department spokesman Ian Kelly called the end of fighting "  an opportunity for Sri Lanka to turn the page on its past and build a Sri Lanka rooted in democracy , tolerance , and respect for human rights . " He said it is "  vital for the government to provide for the needs of the civilians now living in relief camps . Providing food , water , shelter , basic health care , and sanitation as well as expediting their return to their homes should be a top priority for the government . "	U.N. : 65,000 people flee fighting zone in northeast Sri Lanka in past days Brings total number of internally displaced people to 265,000 About 80,000 -- a third of the people in displacement camps -- are children U.N. pledges to erect an additional 10,000 shelters to accommodate people
CNN  -- The Spanish town of Pioz boasts views of snow-capped mountains , a 15th-century castle , and a swimming pool for locals to bathe in -- but residents are in short supply . Pioz has become a ghost town , a haunting reminder of the country 's continuing property crisis . Pioz is saddled with $ 16 million of debt , making it Spain 's most indebted town . Thousands of newly-built homes remain empty and vandalized years after they were built , other projects are simply unfinished and unpaid for . The town is in the municipality of Guadalajara , just an hour 's drive from Madrid , but commuters were n't lured in by the new-build homes . Today , only 3,500 people live in these housing estates designed for 25,000 . The Spanish property boom went bust in 2007 , and now 20 % of Spanish homes lie empty . The banking sector has $ 186 billion-worth of troubled real estate assets on its books . It is easier to grasp the impact of these statistics when standing on a street in Pioz . Row upon row of identical homes stand empty , complete with boarded-up windows , peeling plaster , hanging electrical cables and falling down "  For Sale " signs . At the heart of the town stands an iconic 15th-century castle ; despite the ravages of time it appears to be in better shape than many of the newer crumbling homes that surround it . However , looks can be deceiving . "  It 's falling down , " said ex-Mayor Amelia Rodriguez , "  we were thinking of doing some restoration work on it , but owing to the crisis it is not possible . We will leave it until one day when we can . " Elsewhere in the town lie newer constructions : A $ 1 million community swimming pool that had just one bather on CNN 's visit , a $ 500,000 medical center and a $ 12 million sewage and water treatment plant , neither of which can be used due to lack of funds for running costs . According to Juan Yunta , the Director of Public Works in Pioz , the $ 400,000 toxic waste plant , subsidized by the European Union and Department of Industry , has problems that do n't stop at the running costs -- there is a dispute over who actually owns the land . "  Everything has been built on land which does n't even belong to the town hall , " he said . "  Fiasco ? As far as I know fiasco is when something breaks , like a natural disaster , this is something far greater -- this is utter madness . " Amelia Rodriguez has been the mayor of Pioz for just over a year , but since CNN visited has been ousted from office by the previous mayor Emilio Rincon and six councilors . She hopes that future town planners and property developers will learn from their mistakes . "  As the money came into the town hall , they did n't realize it would ever stop , " she said . "  The good times do come to an end . We 'll go back to the good times , but for now we must wait . I hope this is a lesson for everyone . " CNN 's Anna Stewart contributed to this article	Pioz is saddled with $ 16 million of debt , making it Spain 's most indebted town Today , only 3,500 people live in housing estates designed for 25,000 The country 's property boom went bust in 2007 , and now 20 % of Spanish homes lie empty The banking sector has $ 186 billion-worth of troubled real estate assets on its books
CNN  -- An oil painting by Chinese artist Zeng Fanzhi has sold for $ 23.3 million at an auction in Hong Kong - a record price for Asian contemporary art . The 4-meter wide painting was sold to a private collector , who wanted to remain anonymous , after 15 minutes of tense telephone bidding at an evening auction held by auction giant Sotheby 's on Saturday . Bidding started at $ 9 million . The 2001 work is a recreation of "  The Last Supper " by Italian master Leonardo Da Vinci , which depicts the last meal between Jesus and the 12 disciples when Jesus foretold his betrayal by Judas . In Zeng 's work , the religious figures have been replaced by young communists with red neckties . The figure replacing Judas wears a western-style yellow tie - symbolizing China 's move toward capitalism , said Evelyn Lin , Sotheby 's head of contemporary Asian art . "  The painting represents a transformative period in Chinese society , " she said . Lin said the sale showed the market for Chinese art , which slowed significantly in 2012 , was "  very healthy . " The previous record for a work by an Asian contemporary artist was a sculpture by Japanese artist Takashi Murakami that sold for $ 15 million in New York in 2008 . The painting was sold by Swiss collectors Guy and Myriam Ullens de Schooten . They bought the work from a Beijing gallery in 2002 .	Oil painting recreating "  The Last Supper " sets record for Asian contemporary art Zeng Fanzhi 's take on Da Vinci work shows young communists with red neckties Painting sold for $ 23.3 million
Washington  CNN  -- Supporting a congressional campaign usually means donating money , knocking on doors and making phone calls . Rarely does it mean acting like a nudist in a television ad that will be played throughout your community . That is , until the Kelly Kultala for Congress campaign asked exactly that from their supporters . Kultala , a Democrat running to oust Kansas Republican Rep. Kevin Yoder , released an ad on Thursday that featured a handful of seemingly naked people urging viewers to support the Democrat in November 's election . The people in the ad , however , are not actual nudists . They are supporters of the Kultala campaign who agreed to appear on TV with different objects in front of their naked bits . "  They are volunteers who agreed to do it because they support our campaign and our message , " said Jacob Becklund , the Kultala campaign manager . " It should also be noted that nobody was actually nude during filming . " According to Becklund , "  It was a pretty easy sell to all of our volunteers , " even though the ad -- which comes with a "  high five figure  cost  behind it " -- will be seen on cable and broadcast in the Kansas City market starting Friday . The  faux  nudity in the ad -- titled "  Naked Truth " -- was a knock on Yoder , who in 2011 skinny dipped in the Sea of Galilee in Israel , a decision for which he was reprimanded by House Republicans in 2012 . "  Awhile back , Congressman Yoder made news by skinny dipping on the job , " Kultala says in the ad . "  But it is more shameless what he is doing to Kansas . " The ad then features the seemingly naked volunteers citing different aspects of Yoder 's record , including that "  Yoder lines the pockets of his millionaire donors with big tax cuts . And they line his , when he has pockets . " "  We thought it was a humorous hook , " Becklund said , " to get people to pay attention to the message . "	Kelly Kultala for Congress campaign releases an ad with folks seemingly naked The people were not nudists or actors ; they were supporters of the campaign "  It should also be noted that nobody was actually nude during filming , " says campaign manager Kultala 's opponent -- Rep. Kevin Yoder -- was reprimanded in 2012 for skinny dipping on a trip
The busiest shopping day of the year also saw a major boom for gun sales , with the federal background check system setting a record of more than 175,000 background checks Friday , according to the FBI . The staggering number of checks -- an average of almost three per second , nearly three times the daily average -- falls on the shoulders of 600 FBI and contract call center employees who will endure 17-hour workdays in an attempt to complete the background reviews in three business days , as required by law , FBI spokesman Stephen Fischer said . "  Traditionally , Black Friday is one of our busiest days for transaction volume , " Fischer said . Indeed , Friday saw the highest number of background checks ever for a Black Friday , and second in history . The highest day on record was December 21 , 2012 , with more than 177,000 background checks . On average , more than 500 gun background checks a day fail because of incomplete information required for a decision , according to the FBI 's National Instant Criminal Background Check System , which is responsible for checks on firearm purchases from federally licensed shops . Employees of the background check agency , who work every day but Christmas , worked through the weekend to vet Friday 's purchases . "  We are averaging three checks per second , " Fischer said Friday afternoon , before the final numbers were in . "  The challenge is to have staff keep up with this volume . We do that by limiting personal leave , asking employees to work extra shifts and reutilizing former ... employees to serve in NICS during this busy period . " The agency brings in 100 extra employees to deal with the increase . "  This means saving lives and protecting people from harm -- by not letting guns fall into the wrong hands , " FBI Manager Kimberly Del Greco said in a statement . "  It also ensures the timely transfer of firearms to eligible gun buyers . " Opinion : Black Friday 's liability risk for stores Overall , about 186,000 background checks a year can not be completed , according to the FBI . It 's difficult to know exactly how many gun sales are authorized from that number because whether to make the sale is ultimately in the hands of the shop owner . Last year , the agency completed 21 million background checks , and about 1.1 % of those purchases were denied , the agency said . Firearm background checks have doubled from the more than 9 million conducted when the system was implemented in 1999 . Ten factors can disqualify a purchase : felony conviction , arrest warrant , documented drug problem , mental illness , undocumented immigration status , dishonorable military discharge , renunciation of U.S. citizenship , restraining order , history of domestic violence or indictment for any crime punishable by longer than one year of prison . Gun purchasers are required to fill out a form from the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives with basic identification information and questions about the 10 disqualifying factors . The history of Black Friday The gun shop can read the information to the background check agency over the phone or run the information through a secure Internet connection . The check sometimes involves calling courthouses to get records and dispositions . "  We wo n't make a determination unless we are absolutely sure , " Fischer said . However , the agency can not deny a transaction based on an arrest without knowing the disposition of a case . After the three business days have passed , completion of the sale becomes the prerogative of the licensed gun shop owner , according to the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act of 1998 Fischer said major retailers such as Walmart , Dick 's Sporting Goods , Cabela 's and Gander Mountain usually wo n't go through with the sale without complete information . Injuries , arrests as ` Black Friday ' shopping tradition spreads to UK	This was the busiest Black Friday ever for gun background checks More than 175,000 background checks were requested Black Friday brings nearly three times daily average of gun background checks , FBI says
CNN  -- Malaysian fighter jets and soldiers on Tuesday waged an offensive against a group of armed invaders from the Philippines , who have staked a claim to a remote part of the island of Borneo , authorities said . Previous efforts by Malaysian police to turn the men back had ended in deadly clashes . The group of Filipino men , believed to number between 100 and 300 , arrived three weeks ago on the east coast of the Malaysian state of Sabah , on Borneo , demanding to be recognized as representatives of a sultanate that used to rule the area . Malaysian authorities initially tried to persuade the men to return peacefully to their homes in the nearby southern Philippines . But the intruders refused to budge , and the standoff turned violent in recent days as clashes in the region reportedly left nine Malaysian police officers and 19 intruders dead . "  Our security forces were attacked and killed . Malaysians , particularly those in Sabah , are worried about their safety , " Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak said in a statement carried by the national news agency Bernama announcing the offensive Tuesday . The standoff has touched on an unresolved territorial issue between the Philippines and Malaysia , as well as Manila 's efforts to improve relations with Islamic insurgents in the country 's south after decades of violence . The Malaysian operation Tuesday morning in Lahad Datu , the district in Sabah where the Filipino men had come ashore , involved an air raid by F-18 and Hawk fighter jets followed by mortar fire and a ground assault by soldiers , Bernama reported . The security forces "  achieved their objective , " the news agency cited Tan Sri Ismail Omar , the head of the Malaysian Police , as saying without elaborating on what exactly the goal had been . No members of the Malaysian forces were hurt in the attack , and the casualties on the Filipino side had yet to be determined , he said . But representatives of the Filipino group did n't report any initial losses from the offensive , saying the Malaysian jets had dropped bombs at a location they had occupied previously . Filipino group on Borneo claims to represent sultanate , Malaysia says ` The Royal Army ' The Filipino men have called themselves the Royal Army of the Sultanate of Sulu , a former Islamic power in the region that once controlled parts of the Philippines and Borneo . Its influence has since faded , and it is now a clan in the poor , restive southern Philippines . The sultanate 's leadership has been riven by internal power struggles in recent decades , but the squabbling family members appear to have united in the decision to send their followers to Sabah , a move that has alarmed Malaysians and complicated efforts by the Philippines to pursue peace talks with Muslim rebels in its southern islands . Abraham Idjirani , a spokesman for one of the sultanate 's leaders in Manila , said the armed the Filipino men reported hearing shots being fired nearby , but had so far suffered no casualties . Idjirani blamed Malaysian authorities for the escalation of the standoff , saying they had fired the first shots in the clash that took place between the two sides on Friday . He added that a woman and family members of Sabah residents had been killed in that skirmish . He also claimed that other people in the region were joining the sultanate 's followers in the fight against the Malaysian forces but was unable to provide details . "  We do n't know who they are , but they are there , " he said . Since the crisis began , Philippine authorities have urged the sultanate 's followers to lay down their arms and return home . "  From the very start , our objective has been to avoid the loss of lives and the shedding of blood , " President Benigno Aquino III said at the weekend . "  If you have grievances , the path you chose was wrong . The just , and indeed , the only correct thing for you to do is to surrender . " Excluded from a peace deal The Sabah standoff has its roots in a recent landmark peace deal between Manila and Muslim rebels , according to Julkipli Wadi , the dean of the Institute of Islamic Studies at the University of the Philippines . The members of the sultanate 's royal family seem to have felt isolated by the provisional accord signed in October by the Philippine government and the Moro Islamic Liberation Front , which has fought for decades to establish an independent Islamic state in southern Philippines , Wadi said last month . The sultanate has succeeded in grabbing the attention of Philippine and Malaysian authorities . But the resulting violence makes the outcome of the situation unclear . Established in the 15th century , the Sultanate of Sulu became an Islamic power center in Southeast Asia that at one point ruled Sabah . But the encroachment of Western colonial powers , followed by the emergence of the Philippines and Malaysia as independent nation states , steadily eroded the sultanate 's power , according to Wadi . It became "  a sultanate without a kingdom " to rule over , he said . Sulu is now a province within the Republic of the Philippines . The economic , cultural and historical links between Sabah and the nearby Philippines islands , as well as the porous nature of the border between the two , means that many of the sultanate 's followers have friends and relatives in Lahad Datu . And the historical connection still fuels tensions between Malaysia and the Philippines , with Manila retaining a "  dormant claim " to Sabah through the Sultanate of Sulu , according to the CIA World Factbook . The Philippines claims much of the eastern part of Sabah , which was leased to the British North Borneo Company in 1878 by the Sultanate of Sulu . In 1963 , Britain transferred Sabah to Malaysia , a move that the sultanate claimed was a breach of the 1878 deal . Malaysia still pays a token rent to the sultanate for the lease of Sabah . CNN 's Kathy Quiano contributed to this report .	NEW : Malaysia says the offensive , using jets and soldiers , achieved its objective NEW : But the Philippine group has so far reported no casualties from the attack Between 100 and 300 Filipinos arrived by boat on the Malaysian coast in February They say they represent a sultanate that once ruled the area
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Is it possible to have a building that can make you happy , sad , or even angry ? The Experience Music Project in Seattle has appeared in the Forbes list of ugly buildings . Does it affect your mood ? Alain de Botton thinks it is . The Swiss-born British writer , modern-day philosopher , and author of international bestseller "  The Architecture of Happiness " , believes there is more to buildings and architecture than we may think . Taking on 19th Century French writer Stendhal 's motto that "  beauty is the promise of happiness , " de Botton analyzes human surroundings and considers how our needs and desires are transferred into architecture . He also discusses the amount to which architecture can affect our personal happiness . De Botton told CNN he felt that a beautiful building , or likewise , an ugly structure , could affect how we feel . "  Beauty has a huge role to play in altering our mood . When we call a chair or a house beautiful , really what we 're saying is that we like the way of life it 's suggesting to us . It has an attitude we 're attracted to : if it was magically turned into a person , we 'd like who it was . "  It would be convenient if we could remain in much the same mood wherever we happened to be ... but unfortunately we 're highly vulnerable to the coded messages that emanate from our surroundings , " he said . But , how do buildings manage to cast their bricks and mortar over our emotions ? "  One might say that architecture suggests a mood to us , which we may be too internally troubled to be able to take up . Its effectiveness could be compared to the weather : a fine day can substantially change our state of mind -- and people may be willing to make great sacrifices to be nearer a sunny climate , " de Botton said . De Botton believed that structures communicate with us in various ways . "  This book focuses our minds on the idea that buildings speak -- and on topics which can readily be discerned . They speak of democracy or aristocracy , openness or arrogance , welcome or threat , a sympathy for the future or a hankering for the past . " So , indeed your own house could be making you happy or sad , de Botton suggests . "  They  houses  tell us of certain moods that they seek to encourage and sustain in their inhabitants . While keeping us warm and helping us in mechanical ways , they simultaneously hold out an invitation for us to be specific sorts of people . They speak of particular visions of happiness , " he said . De Botton said there are "  thousands " of public buildings which are ugly and could possibly force a negative , saddening , or even potential anger-producing mood upon us . What are some examples ? De Botton is quick to mention the new Westfield mall opening in Shepherd 's Bush , London , which he describes as a "  monument to human idiocy " which represents a "  large , confused shed , which offers the wider community nothing but a windowless façade clad in nauseating green paneling , with an utter indifference to symmetry , proportion or beauty " . And what other buildings could be considered a structure of sadness ? Certainly , Microsoft co-founder Paul Allen 's Experience Music Project building in Seattle has to be a nominee -- featuring in the Forbes list of the top ten ugliest buildings in the world . Elsewhere , London 's Millennium Dome  or 02 Arena  and Cleveland 's Rock and Roll Hall of Fame , are other well-known candidates for buildings that could destroy one 's day , after featuring in various "  ugly " lists . At the other end of the scale , de Botton has some ideas about structures we should cast our eyes upon to make us happy . While all of this is rather subjective , de Botton said there were some aesthetic values that were universally appreciated . He was particularly fond of the highly-detailed yet serene Senate House in Bloomsbury , London , and also the Georgian-style architecture of Bedford Square , also in London . It 's fair to say though , that not everyone in the architectural world is as optimistic about the power of architecture over people . In a debate with architect Robert Adam organized by building.co.uk , Adam attacked de Botton 's ideas . After questioning de Botton 's use of the word "  us " when presenting some opinions , Adam said he did not believe that people were culturally aware enough to take notice of such details . "  I would n't call myself a pessimist because it would mean I feel bad about popular culture , which I do n't . What I think we have at the moment is people who are unprepared to take on the language of the greater part of the population , " he said . We want to know what you think . Do you believe buildings can influence the way we feel ? Give us your examples of buildings that make you happy or sad in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .	Alain de Botton authored The Architecture of Happiness He believes emotions are shown in , and can be deduced from architecture Architect Robert Adam disagrees with many of de Botton 's ideas
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Tens of thousands of Palestinians in Gaza and the West Bank took to the streets in mass demonstrations Tuesday demanding an end to the inter-Palestinian political division and an end to Israel 's occupation of the Palestinian territories . The largest protest took place in the coastal enclave of Gaza , where tens of thousands waved Palestinian flags and chanted , "  The people want to end the political division " in imitation of the chants made by Tunisian and Egyptian protesters earlier this year . During the course of the rally , a group of Hamas supporters in Gaza tried to disrupt the demonstration by waving their own flags and chanting pro-Hamas slogans . The two sides briefly clashed with stone-throwing and fistfights . The Ministry of Interior in Gaza ordered protesters to leave the streets by nightfall , and security personnel were dispatched to confront those who refused to leave , according to witnesses . Witnesses reported several protesters were injured when Hamas dispersed the demonstrators in Gaza , with broken bones among the injuries . Medical sources in Gaza refused comment . The Hamas prime minister , Ismail Haniyeh , publicly called on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to join his Fatah party in an urgent meeting to renew efforts at achieving political reconciliation . Hamas and the Fatah-dominated Palestinian Authority have been bitterly divided since 2007 , when Hamas took over the Gaza Strip in a violent coup . In the West Bank city of Ramallah , thousands of demonstrators representing a varied cross-section of Palestinian society called on the government to do more to bridge the political divide . Najwan Baricdar , a youth activist and event organizer , told CNN the rally was inspired by the recent revolutions in Tunisia and Egypt and that many of the youth participants in the rally are fed up with the state of Palestinian politics . "  Our main demand is freedom , justice and right of return , which is the main Palestinian principle , " she said . "  In order to achieve that , we ask for holding PNC elections . " PNC is the Palestinian National Council . She criticized the involvement of various political factions , which she accused of attempting to hijack the event by ripping down event banners and disrupting the peaceful march . On hand at the site of the rally were a dozen Palestinian hunger-strikers , who pledged not to eat until the political parties reconcile . Mo'az Muslehone , of the strikers , said politicians ignore the people 's message at their own peril . "  People will not stop until ending the division , and if you do n't end it ... they will end it in a different way . " He said Palestinian police attempted to prevent them from sleeping in the square Monday night . Independent lawmaker Mustafa Barghouti told CNN that the demonstration represents a new voice of the youth calling for democracy . "  What you see is the beginning of change , what you see is the voice of the young people and the silent majority among the Palestinians which are pressuring both Fatah and Hamas to end this terrible division , to end this internal competition about an authority which does not exist because it is all under occupation , " Barghouti said . "  You see the voice of the Palestinian majority asking for democracy back and asking for unity , which is the only way to end occupation and the suffering of the people . " In a statement released after his weekly Cabinet meeting , Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad welcomed the youth movement , calling it a "  means of ending the occupation and achieving national readiness for statehood . " CNN 's Talal Abu-Rahma contributed to this report .	NEW : Witnesses report that some people are injured Some scuffles break out at the demonstrations Demonstrators seek an end of Palestinian divisions between Hamas and Fatah Demonstrators carry Palestinian flags , not party flags
CNN  -- Hurricane Odile snapped palm trees like twigs , washed out roads and left tourists trapped in Mexican resorts Monday . Even as it weakened into a Category 1 hurricane , the storm threatened to bring torrential rains and flooding as it moved over the Baja California peninsula , forecasters said . Already , the hurricane has left stunned residents and tourists in its wake . Sarah McKinney , who was in Cabo San Lucas on maternity leave from her job in Arkansas when the then-Category 3 storm hit with 125 mph winds Sunday night , tweeted photos of the wreckage Monday : the collapsed roof of a restaurant , a shuttle van flipped over , a resort 's swimming pool pushed into the ocean . Every car she walked by after the storm had broken windows , she wrote . The normally pristine marina in the idyllic resort town was littered with debris . "  2 days ago we walked along the marina happy with not a care in the world , " she said . "  Today I 'm shocked and saddened . " The powerful storm caused severe damage at the airport in Los Cabos , Mexico 's national director of civil protection said , according to CNN affiliate FOROtv . Monday night the storm was about 30 miles  50 km  southwest of Loreto , Mexico , packing winds of 75 mph  120 kph  as it headed northwest . It was expected to weaken into a tropical storm early Tuesday , the National Hurricane Center said . On Sunday , gales from Odile whipped torrents of rain ashore , chasing visitors in popular tourist destinations into close quarters . Streets in Cabo San Lucas were drenched . Palm trees were knocked over , and outdoor markets were trashed . Raul Frias , from Mexico City , was at Club Regina in Cabo when he tweeted that he felt a "  great vibration " in a shelter and that something "  big was coming down . " McKinney and her newborn daughter , Madison , had already evacuated out of harm 's way from their first hotel to a second one . But even there , the room roared like a wind tunnel as Odile passed over . At least 15,000 tourists were sharing McKinney 's experience in Cabo , Mexican civil defense official Luis Felipe Puente said . She piled up her belongings in the bathtub to protect them from the water seeping through the door to her room . She dammed it up with a mattress , but it still came in about an inch deep . "  I 've cleared the beds and linen closets and have my daughter and I held up in the bathroom , " she told CNN . Then the winds subsided . Madison fell asleep . "  The pressure was horrific , but now it is eerily calm -- just how people describe when the eye passes over , " she said . But then the winds smacked the hotel again , and McKinney headed back into the bathroom . "  The backhalf is definitely worse , " she posted to Twitter . "  More debris and stronger winds and rain . Bedroom is getting soaked from water seeping in . " Odile was earlier predicted to bring possibly life-threatening flash floods and mudslides , forecasters said Sunday . Ports and beaches have been closed , and school classes and celebrations for Mexico 's Independence Day were canceled in Baja California Sur state . Independence Day is Tuesday . CNNMexico.com , and CNN 's Nelson QuiÃ ± ones , Nick Parker and Brian Walker contributed to this report .	NEW : The Category 1 hurricane still threatens to cause floods , forecasters say Hurricane Odile hit the southern tip of Baja California Sur late Sunday An American mother on maternity leave holes up with her newborn in a hotel Forecasters warn of destructive waves and life-threatening floods
CNN  -- The Environmental Protection Agency will set a limit on the amount of the chemical perchlorate , as well as other "  toxic contaminants , " in drinking water , it announced Wednesday . The national regulation on perchlorate will reverse a 2008 decision made by President George W. Bush 's administration , the agency said in a statement . It comes after EPA Administrator Lisa Jackson ordered agency scientists to review "  the emerging science of perchlorate . " "  There 's going to be a lot of scrutiny of the standard because , again , we are looking at but one of several precursors that can affect iodine uptake in the thyroid , " Jackson told CNN 's Chief Medical correspondent , Dr. Sanjay Gupta . "  It 's the first time we 've ever regulated a chemical not because of what it does directly to you , but because it has an impact on iodine uptake that might affect your child down the road . " Toxic America : Chemicals in our environment Perchlorate is both a naturally occurring and man-made chemical , according to the EPA . It is used in fireworks , road flares , rocket fuel and may be present in bleach and some fertilizers , the agency said . Research has indicated that it can impact the thyroid and disrupt the proper development of fetuses and infants . Some states have already established limits on perchlorate in drinking water , but there has been no national standard . However , monitoring data shows more than 4 % of public water systems have detected perchlorate and between 5 and 17 million people may be served drinking water containing it , the EPA said . The decision was made after considering input from nearly 39,000 public comments , the agency said . Once the EPA proposes a formal rule , it will be subject to the public comment process . In addition , the EPA is also establishing a drinking water standard on "  a group of up to 16 other toxic chemicals that may cause cancer and pose serious risks to human health , " the statement said . The chemicals are a group of volatile organic compounds , such as industrial solvents , and include trichloroethylene and tetrachloroethylene , along with other regulated and some unregulated substances "  discharged from industrial operations . " The move is part of a Drinking Water Strategy laid out by Jackson last year , the agency said . The strategy included addressing contaminants as a group so that their presence in drinking water could be addressed "  cost-effectively . " "  Today 's action delivers on the promise to strengthen public health protection from contaminants in drinking water , " according to the EPA . "  The aim is to find solutions that meet the health and economic needs of communities across the country more effectively than the current approach . " Jackson said in the statement she believes the decision will spark new innovations . "  As improved standards are developed and put in place , America 's world-leading clean water technology innovators have an opportunity to create cutting edge solutions that will strengthen health protections and spark economic growth . "	The agency will set a national standard for perchlorate in water An estimated 4 % of water systems contain the chemical The EPA will also set regulations on a group of other chemicals
CNN  -- Livestock producers suffering through one of the most severe droughts in decades will most likely have to wait until Congress returns from its August recess before getting any new federal disaster assistance . A Senate Democratic leadership aide tells CNN that the Senate is "  unlikely " to take up an aid bill that the House plans to pass Thursday before lawmakers dash out of town for a five-week break . The aide said the Senate ca n't accept the House bill because there are too many differences between it and an-already approved Senate measure , both in terms of who is covered and how the cost of the aid is offset . The drought assistance was part of a broader five-year farm policy bill that got bogged down in the regional and partisan politics of the House , despite major efforts in recent weeks to pass it . But with mounting pressure from drought-stricken livestock producers , the House decided at the last minute to extend disaster aid just for them before leaving town . The House bill would help cover the cost of livestock loses and the high cost of feed because of the drought . With bipartisan support earlier this summer , the Senate passed its own five-year farm bill that includes disaster assistance for livestock farmers and ranchers . The Senate has pushed the House to pass its own bill so the two versions could be quickly reconciled and the disaster assistance could once again be available . Livestock producers are in a different predicament than other farmers because in the last five-year farm bill , the livestock portion was extended for only four years and has now expired . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , warned Tuesday that if the House wanted quick Senate action on that aid , it should pass the Senate 's version of it . "  I think that what the House should do is take the provisions we have in our bill that we sent to them , and if they want to do something about drought relief , send that to us , " Reid said . But House Republicans decided Wednesday they would pass their own language and then leave it to the Senate . Republicans said Senate Democrats would suffer political consequences if they chose not to pass it .	Democratic leadership aide : Senate unlikely to take up relief bill before five-week recess House plans to pass bill Thursday , but it differs from version Senate has passed Livestock producers suffering through one of the most severe droughts in decades
After pelting parts of Texas with snow and ice , a rare deep South winter storm moved into Louisiana on Friday , icing roads and causing at least two deaths . Louisiana State Police closed I-10 at the Texas border after numerous traffic accidents blamed on ice . The interstate closure was one of many hampering travel in the state Friday afternoon as state police warned of deteriorating conditions . They warned residents to avoid driving unless it was absolutely necessary . State police said two people died in traffic accidents attributed to the weather . The agency 's Facebook post did n't provide details about the incidents . The National Weather Service issued a winter storm warning for southwest and south-central Louisiana through Friday evening . As much as a half-inch of ice is possible , the agency said . Gov. Bobby Jindal declared a state of emergency because of the storm . State offices were closed in 38 parishes , according to the governor 's office . Schools were closed in 37 . Earlier , the storm made trouble in Houston , a city so unaccustomed to wintry weather that it 's only had three bouts with measurable snow since 1968 . One Twitter user jokingly posted : "  Ice on my windshield . Anything I can do or should I just bust it out with a hammer ? " Although the winter storm warning had been lifted for the Houston area Friday afternoon , forecasters warned that bridges , overpasses and other wet spots could freeze again after dark on Friday . ` Stay off the roads ' Icy conditions remained sketchy . "  We still have ice on the roads and overpasses . A lot of roadways are closed , and nearly all of our interstates have ramp closures or lane closures because of the overpasses , " said Michael Walter , a spokesman for Houston 's emergency management agency , said . "  If you do n't need to be on the roads , stay off them , " he added . Icy conditions also caused delays at Houston 's George Bush Intercontinental Airport , he said . About 100 flights have been delayed . High winds associated with the storm also forced the U.S. Coast Guard to suspend shipping through the Houston Ship Channel . While the channel remained closed Friday morning , the Coast Guard hoped to have it reopened by afternoon , Lt. Ashley Bullard said . About 50 ships pass through the channel each day , Bullard said . About 200 miles northwest of Houston , the U.S. Army closed sprawling Fort Hood , telling all but mission-essential personnel to take the day off . In Madison County , north of Houston , the National Weather Service said nearly an inch of snow was on the ground . Huntsville also got about an inch of snow overnight , CNN affiliate KPRC reported . In San Antonio , icy conditions were causing problems for commuters . About a tenth of an inch of rain fell overnight , freezing on surfaces and making many roads slippery , CNN affiliate KSAT reported . School closings In Texas and Louisiana , many school districts closed for what amounted to a snowless snow day for hundreds of thousands of kids . "  Yay for long weekend , " Twitter user lauraface13m posted Friday morning . "  What ? Oh yeah ... no ! No snow has actually fallen . It 's just cold and rainy . Close enough . " In Austin , Texas , schools were closed amid icy conditions that caused more than 200 wrecks , CNN affiliate KVUE reported . Indiana pileup Winter weather caused more serious problems on Thursday in Indiana , where three people died in a 46-vehicle accident in whiteout conditions on Interstate 94 , state police Sgt. Ann Wojas said Friday . Twenty-two people were injured , two critically . The accident -- which was said to have involved 20 trucks and 26 private vehicles -- stretched for more than a mile , according to Lt. Jerry Williams , district commander for the Indiana State Police . A fire official who responded to the crash told reporters "  we 're lucky there was n't 210 people dead and three injured . " It took firefighters hours to rescue all of the victims , including two who were airlifted to nearby hospitals in critical condition . Wojas identified the dead as Marilyn Wolma , 65 and her husband , Thomas Wolma , 67 , both of Grand Rapids , Michigan , and Gerry Dalrymple , 65 , of Chicago . The interstate 's eastbound lanes remained closed early Friday , the Indiana Department of Transportation said . Officials hoped to reopen the lanes Friday morning , but it will take much longer to fully understand what happened and why , Wojas said . "  This investigation will take several weeks , if not months , to complete , " she said . Officials have removed the last vehicle involved in the wreck , CNN affiliate WLS reported . Propane shortages Also , propane shortages across the country are causing prices to spike , pinching consumers looking to keep ahead of bitter cold winter weather in many places . "  We have double blankets on the beds , the couch , the kids ' beds . I do n't know what else to do , " said Sandy DeHorn , who said prices for propane rose from $ 2.69 to $ 5 in one day . "  How can that happen ? " she said . Alabama 's governor declared a state of emergency related to propane sales , activating the state 's price-gouging law . The law does n't set a specific limit for prices but says anything more than 25 percent above the average price over the last month represents illegal "  unconscionable pricing . " More than 12 million U.S. households use propane to keep warm , according to an industry trade group . Supplies are short because of increased demand due to the cold weather and increased usage by corn farmers last fall , who used extra propane to dry a bumper crop of corn . States on alert as bitter cold feeds propane shortage	State of emergency declared in Louisiana because of cold and ice Two dead in weather-related Louisiana traffic accidents , state police say "  If you do n't need to be on the roads , stay off them , " Houston official says Many South Texas and southern Louisiana schools closed
CNN  -- One million lives uprooted . One million desperate souls trying to start anew with nothing , far away from home . The number of Syrians who have fled their country since the civil war began almost two years ago reached 1 million Wednesday , the U.N. refugee agency said . An average of almost 1,400 refugees spill across the border daily . The 1 million figure represents about 5 % of Syria 's total population . That 's akin to the entire population of Prague , Czech Republic , walking away . "  With a million people in flight , millions more displaced internally , and thousands of people continuing to cross the border every day , Syria is spiraling towards full-scale disaster , " U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Antonio Guterres said . The pace of the exodus has spiked dramatically in recent months . Opinion : Refugee crisis ` spiraling out of control ' More than 400,000 have fled since the beginning of this year to countries such as Lebanon , Jordan , Turkey , Iraq and Egypt . About half the refugees are children . The news coincides almost exactly with the second anniversary of the Syrian civil war . And a day does n't go by without a death toll . More than 60 people have been killed in the fighting Wednesday , and the United Nations and Syrian rebels are in a standoff over U.N. peacekeepers who 've been detained amid the fighting . Here 's where the refugee crisis stands now : Many Syrians flee to other countries with few or no belongings , traumatized by the horrors of war and the pain of lost relatives . "  It was a very difficult decision to leave my home . I never wanted to -- ever , " one refugee in Lebanon told Save the Children . But the missiles and cluster bombs left her no choice , she said . CNN special coverage : Syrian refugees The scene at the Jordanian-Syrian border this week highlights the desperation . Elderly women , wounded men and entire families scampered across the border under the cover of night . A baby , wounded in the head by shrapnel , cried as the sound of shelling echoed in the distance . "  There are men left , but the families have fled in very large numbers in all of Daraa , " one refugee said . "  You can now count the people left on your fingers . Syria is emptying . " While host families have taken in some refugees , others have endured frigid weather in tent camps or struggle to pay for shelter . A local administration office in Lebanon said it was running out of makeshift homes and heating fuel for refugees . Some must live in places where the only source of heat is a small outdoor fire for cooking . Read more : Syrians find calm after carnage In Jordan , it 's illegal for refugees to work , so some families have gone into deep debt to keep their children alive , Save the Children said . A 46-year-old refugee in Lebanon described the plight of his family , who has spent the past year living in an old sheep shed . "  I cry in my heart . I feel depressed . It 's unjust . Is there a worse way to live than this ? " the refugee , identified as Ahmed , told the aid group . "  Our situation is terrible to the maximum . We did n't expect there were humans who could live the way we are living . " Host countries : Resources pushed to the limit The endless flood of refugees has drained resources in neighboring countries in unpredictable ways . Lebanon 's population has increased up to 10 % because of Syrian refugees , the U.N. agency said . Syria 's ` urban refugees ' struggle for survival Jordan 's energy , water , health and education services have been severely strained . Turkey has spent more than $ 600 million setting up 17 refugee camps , with more under construction . And Iraq , already grappling with 1 million internally displaced citizens , has taken in more than 100,000 Syrian refugees in the past year . "  We are doing everything we can to help , but the international humanitarian response capacity is dangerously stretched , " said Guterres , the U.N. high commissioner for refugees . "  This tragedy has to be stopped . " Dozens of countries and groups around the world pledged more than $ 1.5 billion in humanitarian assistance for Syrians in January . But only $ 200 million had been received by the end of February , the United Nations said . The war : Shifting but endless While the end of the war seems nowhere in sight , the opposition has made notable strides against government forces . This week , opposition fighters said they captured the major northern city of Raqqa -- the first time rebels have seized a provincial capital . State-run media responded by saying government forces were battling suspected members of the radical Islamist group al-Nusra Front in Raqqa . But footage from the city painted a different picture . Children climbed atop a fallen statue of former President Hafez al-Assad -- the current president 's father -- and beat the cracked figure with a bat and shoes . Teen refugee : Prince Charming is dead Some attribute the rebels ' recent gains to shipments of arms from other countries . But rebels are still fighting to wrest the largest city , Aleppo , from government hands . They recently took over a military base near the city , but full control of Syria 's economic hub remains elusive . While Damascus remains a regime stronghold , rebel and regime forces are battling very close to the city -- threatening to take the fight to the seat of President Bashar al-Assad 's power . Rebels detain U.N. peacekeepers Tension brewed Wednesday between the United Nations and rebels after about 30 rebels detained 20 U.N. peacekeepers and refused to let them go . The rebels say the peacekeepers entered a Syrian village near the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights , an area where peacekeepers should not be and where intense fighting has been raging for days between rebels and government forces . The rebels say they suspect the peacekeepers were trying to aid their enemy , which is defending the al-Assad regime . The United Nations confirmed the peacekeepers ' detention and said they were on a "  regular supply mission . " The United Nations offered no further details of that mission but said it is "  dispatching a team to assess the situation and attempt a resolution . " Intervention : Global attempts and failures So far , international attempts to stymie the bloodshed have failed . Trouble brewed from the beginning , when the U.N. Security Council could n't unify on an action plan for Syria . Western countries wanted tougher sanctions against the Syrian government , but Russia and China said they did n't want to meddle in another country 's internal affairs . Syrian refugees on run : ' I want people to feel our pain ' The United Nations and the Arab League sent two seasoned diplomats -- Kofi Annan and Lakhdar Brahimi -- to try to broker cease-fires in Syria , but negotiations never ended the violence . But the western Syrian town of Tal Kalakh may be a microcosm of hope . There , Syrian forces and rebels have agreed to a cease-fire , brokered in part by a parliamentarian and a sheikh . Residents in other parts of the country , though , are n't so fortunate . The death toll : Relentless carnage The United Nations estimates more than 70,000 Syrians -- mostly civilians -- have been killed in the past two years . At least 10,000 people have died since early January , British Foreign Secretary William Hague said Wednesday . "  That means more people have died in the first two months of this year than in the whole of the first year of the conflict , " he said in remarks published online . Though there is "  no sign that the Assad regime currently intends to enter into a genuine political process , " Hague said , securing "  a diplomatic breakthrough remains of course our objective . " On Wednesday , at least 62 people were killed in the conflict , according to the Local Coordination Committees of Syria , an opposition group . But it 's almost impossible to verify and keep up with the latest death figures . The Syrian government has severely restricted access by international journalists . Dissidents say many of the civilians killed were caught in aerial attacks from warplanes -- unable to predict when the next bomb will strike . U.N. Syria envoy : ' I am not a quitter ' The war started when al-Assad 's forces cracked down on civilians demanding more freedoms and government reform . The president 's family has ruled Syria for almost 43 years . The violence led to an armed uprising and escalated into a civil war , with al-Assad trying to defend his rule against rebels demanding his ouster . Throughout the war , a lingering quandary has prevented any progress between the government and dissidents . Al-Assad has said he will not deal with "  terrorists , " a term the government often uses to describe the opposition . Similarly , opposition members have said they will not work directly with al-Assad 's "  criminal " government , nor will they accept any plan that does n't involve al-Assad 's departure . With neither rebels nor government troops backing down , it 's unclear how many more thousands of civilians may die . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali , Richard Roth , Nick Paton Walsh and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	"  Syria is spiraling towards full-scale disaster , " a U.N. official says More than 400,000 refugees have fled since the beginning of this year Rebels detain 20 U.N. personnel , demand withdrawal of al-Assad forces from village U.N. says it 's "  dispatching a team to assess the situation and attempt a resolution "
CNN  Someone in the cockpit of a TransAsia Airways flight apparently made a mayday call because of an engine problem shortly before the plane crashed Wednesday into a river in Taiwan , killing at least 32 people . A male voice on a recording of radio conversations between air traffic control and TransAsia Airways Flight GE235 says , "  GE235 . Mayday , mayday . Engine flameout . " The recording was verified by LiveATC.net , which records air traffic control feeds around the world . It is unclear whether the man was a pilot . The passenger plane clipped a bridge and plunged into a river in Taipei , according to the island 's official news agency , CNA . Rescuers scrambled to pull survivors from the submerged wreck of the ATR 72 twin-engine turboprop aircraft , which went down shortly after takeoff from the Taiwanese capital . Fifty-eight people were aboard the flight when it veered out of control as it flew to Kinmen , off the coast of the Chinese province of Fujian . The toll , according to CNA : 32 people confirmed dead and 11 missing . The search and rescue effort continues . Many of the 15 people who survived the crash were injured . Two other people , who were in a car on the bridge that was clipped by the wing of the plane as it went down , also were hurt . The plane 's cockpit crew were among those confirmed dead , authorities said . Crews have recovered the aircraft 's "  black boxes , " CNA reported . The flight data recorder and cockpit voice recorder , which is designed to retain all sounds on a plane 's flight deck , were found in the tail of the plane , Ang Xingzhong , the executive director of Taiwan 's Aviation Safety Council , told the news agency . The flight data recorder stores a vast amount of information about the aircraft 's performance , including air speed and cabin pressure . A pilot who once flew ATRs for American Airlines said it looked like the plane was gliding when dash-cam video from several angles captured the moments of the crash . Stephen Fredrick pointed to the position of the nose , slightly down , and the wings , level . "  As it gets closer to the highway , there 's a change in the pitch attitude  position of the plane  and it appears the aircraft  left  wing stalls , or loses lift . That 's what causes the dramatic turn to the left , " Fredrick told CNN 's "  The Situation Room with Wolf Blitzer . " "  It 's what causes the aircraft to come down more forcefully and crash . " The plane was 3 miles  5 kilometers  from the airport , Fredrick said , at a point where the pilots should have been able to continue with the flight even if one engine failed . The distance indicated to him that the engine problem occurred well after takeoff . "  It appears that it could have had a single-engine flameout , it could have had a dual-engine flameout , " he said . "  Those are things we 're going to learn . " The left propeller was also set to a position for flight , rather than to a position for an inoperable engine , he said . That could have caused drag and prompted the left wing to stall , CNN aviation analyst David Soucie said . Pilots normally before a flight will turn on a system that automatically adjusts the position of the propellers , the experts said . A dash-cam video captured the moment the plane hurtled out of control above the city 's Nanhu Bridge before crashing into the Keelung River , just after 11 a.m. local time  10 p.m. ET  . CNA reported that the pilot appeared to try to control the plane as it descended , but the aircraft 's wing grazed the overpass , clipping a passing taxi . The two people in the taxi were injured but are in stable condition after being taken to a hospital , CNA said . The news agency reported on the efforts of one father who was injured in the crash . The man , who was not identified , was aboard with his wife and 1-year-old baby . The father , upon learning that his wife and child had been sent to separate hospitals , rode a bike to find his wife and baby , CNA said . The wife and baby are injured but did not suffer life-threatening wounds , doctors said , according to the news agency . The father was barely injured . Rescuers in lifeboats pulled survivors from the water and the wreckage . Some passengers appeared to be wearing life jackets as they waited their turn to board rescue boats . The military said it had 165 personnel and numerous vehicles nearby to assist rescue efforts if required . Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration said it had ordered local airlines to carry out inspections on all their ATR 72s before they can fly again . The special checks will look at various aspects of the engine system , including fuel and propeller control . TransAsia has to inspect 10 planes , while another carrier , Uni Air , has to examine 12 aircraft , according to the agency . Hours after the crash , TransAsia Airways CEO Chen Xinde extended a "  deep apology to the victims and our crew . " He said 31 of the passengers aboard the flight were Chinese tourists , including three children . Twenty-two were from Taiwan , including one child . The airline had sent the passenger manifest to authorities , and families were confirming the identities of the deceased , he said . TransAsia said Thursday that it has started to give families emergency condolence money of 200,000 Taiwanese dollars  $ 6,360  per victim . It said it would also give extra funds for funeral arrangements of 1.2 million Taiwanese dollars  $ 38,160  to families identifying bodies . The 31 Chinese tourists were traveling in two tour groups : the Xiamen Airlines International Travel Service Co. and the Xiamen Tourism Group International Travel Service Co. . Chou Jih-shine , the vice chairman of the Straits Exchange Foundation -- a quasi-governmental agency that covers cross-Taiwan Strait negotiations -- said the agency had informed its Beijing counterpart . Chou added that the agency had sent personnel to the crash site . Officials from China will participate in the investigation into the crash , Taiwan 's Aviation Safety Council said Thursday , according to CNA . Taiwan 's Civil Aeronautics Administration said the plane was less than a year old and had last completed a safety check on January 26 . The agency did not offer any information on what may have caused the crash . The TransAsia crash is the latest in a number of plane disasters involving Asian carriers . AirAsia Flight QZ8501 crashed on December 28 as it flew from the Indonesian city of Surabaya toward Singapore . There were 162 people on board . In July , Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 was shot down over eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 people aboard . TransAsia was involved in another deadly disaster in July of last year . Forty-eight people died on TransAsia Airways Flight 222 , another ATR 72 aircraft , as it was attempting to land in the Taiwanese Penghu Islands during bad weather . TransAsia had lost two other ATR 72s previously -- one that crashed in the mountains in 1995 , killing the four crew members on board , and one that crashed into the sea in 2002 , killing the two pilots , according to CNA . The biggest recent mystery has been the disappearance of Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 . It disappeared on March 8 , 2014 , and has not been found . CNN 's Jethro Mullen , Ed Payne and Katie Hunt contributed to this report .	Death toll rises to 32 , official news agency reports ; 11 people still missing Mayday call came from TransAsia Airways Flight GE235 , a recording appears to reveal Taiwan has ordered checks on all ATR 72 aircraft operated by local carriers
CNN  -- Defending champion Martin Kaymer will take a one-shot lead into the final round of the French Open after Alejandro Canizares suffered a nightmare finish to Saturday 's rain-delayed third round . Spanish golfer Canizares , the halfway leader , was three clear going into the final three holes at Le Golf National in Paris , but twice found the water hazards . A bogey at the par-three 16th and another at the par-four 18th saw him finish the day tied for second with England 's Steve Webster on eight-under-par 205 after carding a two-over 73 . Kaymer made two birdies and two bogeys on his front nine after the morning 's play was washed out by rain , and then came home in nine pars for a level 71 . "  You want to play well to get into the lead and I did n't play well , to be honest , " the German told the European Tour website . "  I hit a lot of bad iron shots , but I kept it together . This is one of the biggest tournaments we have on the European Tour . To win it once is a big once , but to win it twice would be awesome . " Canizares needs to win the tournament to qualify for this month 's British Open and appear at his first major event . Webster played at the 1995 British Open , when he was top amateur ahead of Tiger Woods . A group of six players were tied for third place on 206 , including world No. 7 Luke Donald  67  , veteran Spaniard Miguel Angel Jimenez  66  and first-round leader Robert-Jan Derksen  72  . World No. 10 Rory McIlroy was tied for 12th on 208 after a four-birdie 69 , while third-ranked Lee Westwood was in a group two shots back along with No. 8 Ian Poulter as both Englishmen carded 71 . French veteran Jean Van De Velde was unable to reproduce the form of his opening 66 as he followed up his second-round 76 with a 74 to be in a group tied for 62nd along with Italian teen prodigy Matteo Manassero  76  .	Martin Kaymer in pole position to defend his title after carding level-par 71 on Saturday German leads French Open by one shot after Alejandro Canizares suffers late lapses Halfway leader twice hits water hazards for two double-bogeys to be tied for second England 's Steve Webster is also on 205 after carding 70 in his third round in Paris
CNN  -- To create the future of Polish cuisine , chef Wojciech Amaro looked to the 16th century for inspiration . During a year-long odyssey to discover the origins of Poland 's classic dishes , the 40-year old chef tracked down food historians and visited auction houses across the country to bid on dusty , leather-bound tomes that held the secrets of traditional recipes and long-forgotten ingredients . "  I wanted to find the roots of recipes and what the original idea was behind them , " he says . "  I realized I could talk for hours about Polish products , but I could n't think of any  Polish dishes  that would stand at the same level . " The spark for Amaro 's desire to improve and update Polish cuisine was a month spent working in the kitchen of El Bulli with Ferran Adria , the culinary wizard who is often called the world 's greatest chef . "  He changed my way of thinking , " says Amaro , who first began his own epicurean education after dropping out of university to work in the kitchens of London restaurants . From Bialystok in the east to Katowice in the south , Amaro racked up 60,000 kilometers on his journey that also led him to the country 's best farmers and food producers , many of whom are now suppliers for Amaro 's award-winning restaurant in Warsaw . "  Many of them were n't aware of how great their products were . I took their enthusiasm and passion and added it to my cooking . Some of them struggled to keep up the standard that I needed , but they 're growing with me , " he says . Atelier Amaro has been open for less than a year but became the first Polish restaurant to gain a "  Michelin Rising Star " , indicating that Amaro is on the right track in his quest to elevate Polish cuisine to a new international standard . Amaro puts an emphasis on ingredients and reconstructing dishes from their essential elements , putting him in a similar mold as celebrated "  food scientists " like Adria , Britain 's Heston Blumenthal or Rene Redzepi of the Danish restaurant Noma that was recently voted the world 's best restaurant for the third straight year . At Atelier Amaro , classic recipes like hare in cream are reimagined -- "  we cook it for 72 hours at 65 degrees , so its more like fois gras or butter and is eaten with a spoon " -- while the kitchen is also a lab in which to experiment with Polish ingredients hardly used anymore like chokeberries , wild herbs and edible flowers . As Poles becomes more interested in their culinary culture , Amaro believes the time is now right for Poland to takes it place at the table of internationally respected cuisine . "  We 've spent 20 years  since communism  catching up in every department of life -- getting good jobs , starting companies , getting mortgages . Now it 's a new country and people are starting to say , ` What about Polish products and our traditions ? ' "  We ca n't be amazed anymore by pizza or some French dishes . We are ready to search for our products and be proud of them . " Send in your best photos and videos of Poland Outside of the country attitudes to Polish food have been slowly improving , says restaurateur Jan Woroneicki , the British owner of London 's Baltic restaurant and bar . "  Old school perceptions that its all potatoes and cabbage are being revised , but there are still suspicions , " he says . "  In soups and stews Polish cooking is equal to or greater than other cuisines , and generally quality is improving , but for restaurants it can still be a bit tricky finding quality produce like charcuterie and supply lines are not great . " Even if Polish gastronomy does n't challenge cuisine like Thai food as an international phenomenon , Amaro hopes his restaurant can do for Polish food what Noma has done for Nordic cuisine . "  Compared to Denmark , Poland is much more diverse , so if we are wise and careful about promoting Polish cuisine ... we can be one of the most influential and really big cuisines like French , Italian and Spanish . There 's lots of work to be done , but I think its going to happen . "	Restaurant in Warsaw first in Poland to gain Michelin Rising Star Chef and owner Wojciech Amaro trained with Ferran Adria Emphasis in on the best ingredients from Poland Amaro wants Polish cuisine to have better international profile
CNN  -- For the last 10 years , people have blithely commented , "  Mobile is really changing our world . " The use of mobile and wireless technologies has thrust people into a permanent technology age with the kind of warp speed that author Alvin Toffler predicted in his groundbreaking book "  Future Shock " some 40 years ago . As a result , we now live in a time of profound social upheaval equivalent to the Industrial Revolution . It seems we have little choice but to embrace our techno-driven reality . While countless individuals and corporations race to create bigger-better-smaller-faster hardware and software , the rest of the world struggles to keep up . This struggle takes many forms : learning new gadgets and systems ; successfully integrating into the workplace different competencies with digital technology ; and somehow being able financially to keep up . It also includes asking , "  How , exactly , is mobile changing our world , and is it all for good ? How can we incorporate more and more technology without losing our humanity ? " Many people understand the need for addressing the "  human cost " of digital device mobility . Recently , the Wall Street Journal dedicated two pages of its Weekend Review section to an article entitled , "  The Perils of Texting While Parenting . " The article addressed whether or not the increase in childhood injuries could be directly attributed to mobile device distraction of supervising adults . Fortunately , international thought leaders and scholars have begun to examine mobile and wireless for their effects on a wide variety of areas in our lives . I have coined a single word -- Mobilology -LSB- mobile + ology -RSB- -- to describe and give context to the study of mobile and wireless usage specifically as it relates to human behavior ; community  formation , building and abandonment  ; culture ; economics ; education ; entertainment ; healthcare ; and international relations . Since 2009 , I have lectured around the world advocating for the creation of mobilology as a new and formal social science at university level . Since mobile affects nearly every established academic discipline , acknowledging its importance , independently , as a pivotal change agent in a rapidly evolving world makes good sense educationally , can cost very little to implement , and will prove invaluable . By establishing mobilology as a bonafide field of study , universities can remain at the cutting edge of education by offering course work with clear relevancy to incoming and interested students . The first university to do so will get permanent bragging rights . Furthermore , it will foster the development of future scholars and leaders in an ever-expanding field that heretofore has simply lacked a unifying name . Students will learn about the effects of mobile and wireless use as it relates to human behavior in their psychology classes . They will gain insight to the effects of mobile on community building  e.g. through mobile gaming  , community sustenance  Facebook continues to grow at an unprecedented pace  , and community abandonment  remember MySpace ?  through their sociology courses . Similarly , they will learn about the effects of mobile as it relates to culture , economics , education , entertainment , healthcare  which itself is a dynamic growth industry as a direct result of what can be achieved through mobile and wireless devices  , and international relations . Many developing nations are far more innovative and advanced than the U.S. in their uses of mobile . If we are to remain competitive internationally , we must take the lead educationally . The creation of a distinct mobilology discipline will benefit everyone by identifying those academics and students doing cutting-edge and thought-provoking research that can be applied to almost any industry . It will allow mobile - and wireless-based enterprise to connect with top minds to share existing information , with the possibility of funding future research that would otherwise not be sustainable . As for the argument that some companies have in-house R&D and this would cut out independent research companies , I say "  no . " Major companies will always need commissioned research . This will increase the pool of experts available to glean the truest , most current information for a client . Right now , hundreds of academics are involved in research either directly or tangentially related to mobilology . But finding these people is not easy . They identify primarily with the schools or departments in which they normally work . One reason may be that within today 's university system , no matrix exists to provide the cohesion necessary for examining a growing cache of independent and/or university-acquired metadata that can reveal profound global trends and potential pitfalls . Without a formalized matrix to provide global context to their work , and encourage connectivity with other like-minded academics , we will continue to have a disarticulated population of individual experts in the effects of mobile and wireless use . Today we have the means to connect these individuals to each other , as well as to the global mobile industry , for cross-pollination of ideas , funding , research , manufacturing , and responsible forward growth that advances by incorporating the fascinating and sometimes unexpected effects of mobilology .	Florie Brizel is advocating for the creation of "  Mobilology " as a new social science Mobilology aims to study how mobile devices are changing our society , and whether it is all for good Social changes created by mobile tech are "  equivalent to the Industrial Revolution " Students would learn about the effects of mobile and wireless use on human behavior
CNN  -- Two days after fellow Jamaican sprinter Sherone Simpson received an 18-month doping suspension , former 100-meter world-record holder Asafa Powell was hit with the same penalty after testing positive for the same banned stimulant . He called the ruling "  unfair " and "  patently unjust . " Powell confirmed Thursday in a statement sent to CNN through his agent Paul Doyle , that he had been sanctioned for having oxilofrine in his system . As in the case of Simpson -- who won gold in the 4x100-meter relay at the 2004 Olympics -- Powell plans to appeal the decision made by Jamaica 's anti-doping disciplinary panel to the Court of Arbitration for Sport . "  This ruling is not only unfair , it is patently unjust , " the 31-year-old Powell said in the statement . "  Panels such as these , I understood , were assembled to allow athletes who , consciously or unconsciously , come into conflict with the rules of sport , a chance at equitable redemption . "  Unfortunately , this was not the case . " Doyle said Tuesday that Simpson , 29 , took a supplement which did n't list oxilofrine as an ingredient and Powell made the same defense . They are former training partners , The Jamaican Gleaner newspaper reported . Like Simpson , Powell tested positive at last year 's Jamaican national championships and wo n't be allowed to return to competition until late December , with his ban backdated to last June . He could have been banned longer . "  I took a legal supplement -- Ephiphany D1 , " Powell said . "  As it turns out , that supplement was contaminated with oxilofrine . My team commissioned two private laboratories that confirmed that oxilofrine was present in the supplements , despite it not being listed as an ingredient on the bottle nor on it 's website . "  I would also like to share that upon realizing that the supplement contained oxilofrine my team made contact with both the World Anti-Doping Agency  WADA  and The United States Anti-Doping Agency  USADA  , who not only ordered samples of the supplement from the manufacturer , but also tested and confirmed our findings . " Powell held the world record in the 100 meters for three years prior to countryman Usain Bolt breaking it . Besides once being the fastest man in the world , Powell teamed with Bolt and two others to claim gold in the 4x100-meter relay at the 2008 Olympics . He is also a two-time bronze medalist in the 100 meters at the world championships . It was the first time in nearly 12 years and more than 150 tests , Powell added , that one had an "  adverse " finding . "  It is for a stimulant ... a stimulant that is only banned during competition and experts have declared has no performance enhancing effects , " he said . "  Sanctions for a stimulant and this kind of infraction usually range from public warnings to a ban of three months , six months in the most extreme cases ; I was and am still more than prepared to accept a sanction that is in line with the offense . "  Instead nine months later what has been handed down is clearly not based on the offense nor the facts surrounding it . "  I want to reiterate that I have never knowingly taken any banned substances , I did all the necessary checks before taking Ephiphany D1 . " When contacted by CNN , WADA said it would review the reasons for Thursday 's decision before deciding whether it would appeal .	Asafa Powell receives an 18-month suspension for testing positive for banned stimulant Powell given the same punishment as fellow Jamaican sprinter Sherone Simpson Like Simpson , he plans to take his case to the Court of Arbitration for Sport Powell held the world record in the 100 meters before Usain Bolt broke it
ASUNCION , Paraguay  CNN  -- A second woman stepped forward Monday to say that Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo fathered a child out of wedlock when he was a Roman Catholic bishop . Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo says Monday he will comply with justice on the latest paternity allegation . Benigna Leguizamon said Lugo fathered her son in 2002 in the city of San Pedro . She served notice that Lugo has 24 hours to acknowledge paternity or she will take legal action . "  I am waiting in good will , " she said in an interview on CNN affiliate Telefuturo TV . "  But if they do n't do something , oh , my God . " Lugo , 57 , acknowledged last week that he is the father of a 2-year-old child conceived in the months before he stepped down as bishop . He said last week he was making the admission "  with the most absolute honesty , transparency and feeling of obligation . " Without acknowledging paternity , he expressed similar sentiments Monday about the latest allegation . "  We 're going to act always in pursuit of the truth ... in this private matter , " he said in a nationally televised announcement on Telefuturo . Last week 's announcement came after a woman filed suit in a southern Paraguay city seeking a paternity test . "  It 's true that there was a relationship with Viviana Carrillo , " Lugo told reporters , naming the mother . "  I assume all the responsibilities that could derive from such an act , recognizing the paternity of the child . " Leguizamon , 27 , said Monday that last week 's announcement had encouraged her to come forth . "  When I saw the case with Viviana , I was strengthened to make my accusation , " Leguizamon said . She said she made the accusation to help her 6-year-old son , who is starting school . She will ask for a DNA test , she said . In last week 's case , Judge Evelyn Peralta said she was treating it routinely . "  It is a case like any other , which involves the president and nothing more , " she said . "  It will be processed at it should be . " Some Cabinet members interpreted Lugo 's acknowledgment of paternity as an indication of the change he has promised to bring about to achieve greater transparency in the public sector . "  This is the Paraguay that we want , " said Liz Torres , minister of children 's issues . "  This is the Paraguay of serious change in which there is no double standard or secrets . It seems to be an example , a very big lesson . " But some opposition party members said it appeared that Lugo practically had been forced to acknowledge what happened and that he had not done so willingly . Sen. Julio Cesar Velasquez of the opposition Colorado Party called on the Vatican to excommunicate Lugo . Lugo was made a lay Catholic last year , around the time he assumed the presidency .	Paraguayan President Fernando Lugo fathered son , woman says Lugo admitted to fathering another child out of wedlock last week On latest allegation , Lugo says he 'll "  act always in pursuit of the truth " Opposition lawmaker urges Vatican to excommunicate Lugo , an ex-Catholic bishop
The United States said Thursday it has proof that Russia is firing into Ukraine . Also Thursday , Ukrainian Prime Minister Arseniy Yatsenyuk and his Cabinet announced their resignation in what Ukrainian political experts said was an expected development . Yatsenyuk and his Cabinet will remain in place as an acting government until elections in October . The Ukrainian government has been battling pro-Russian rebels in eastern Ukraine . More than 400 people have died in the fighting , the government has said . "  We have new evidence that the Russians intend to deliver heavier and more powerful multiple rocket launchers to the separatist forces in Ukraine and have evidence that Russia is firing artillery from within Russia to attack Ukrainian military positions , " said State Department spokeswoman Marie Harf . Two U.S. officials said earlier that Russian troops have broken up into smaller groups and moved closer to the Ukrainian border . In the political realm , Yatsenyuk told Parliament that he was announcing his resignation after the blocking of government initiatives and the collapse of the coalition . "  At the moment my government does not have the answer " to numerous questions , including how to keep paying government salaries , military expenses and families of flight victims . A "  collapsed coalition has consequences , " he said . The Prime Minister 's announcement comes as more bodies from Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 arrived in the Netherlands . The Boeing 777 was shot down by a suspected surface-to-air missile last week over eastern Ukraine , killing all 298 people on board . Journalist working for CNN detained in Ukraine Among other developments Thursday : -- A Ukrainian journalist working as a freelancer for CNN has been detained by pro-Russian rebels . Armed men from the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic seized Anton Skiba outside a hotel Tuesday in the rebel-controlled city of Donetsk . An official with the self-declared Donetsk People 's Republic initially accused Skiba of "  terrorism " and of posting cash rewards for the killing of rebel fighters on his Facebook page . Later the official dropped the accusation about the Facebook posts and said Skiba was being questioned for having multiple forms of identification with different surnames . On Wednesday , another high-ranking separatist official told CNN that Skiba admitted to being a "  Ukrainian agent . " CNN initially chose not to report on Skiba 's detention while making efforts to secure his release . -- Planes bearing the dead from Flight 17 arrived in Netherlands for a second day . Aircraft carrying the remains of as many as 74 people touched down Thursday at a military base in Eindhoven . Forty wooden caskets were flown in Wednesday and greeted by somber , moving tributes across the country . Of the citizens from 10 countries who died on Flight 17 , the majority , 193 , were Dutch . What happens to the victims ' bodies next ? ` Black boxes ' in the UK It took days for Ukrainian rebels who control the area of the crash site to hand over the bodies and the airliner 's black boxes to Malaysian officials . The voice and flight data recorders are now in Britain for what will be a detailed scouring by international analysts that could take weeks . On Wednesday , investigators found that the cockpit voice recorder was damaged , but its memory was intact . There was no sign of tampering . But Dutch crash investigators leading the inquiry said Wednesday they still do n't have everything they need and have n't been able to visit the crash site under safe conditions to carry out their work . It 's happened before : MH17 tragedy was part of a bigger air war Who are Ukraine 's pro-Russian rebels ? Australia has sent 50 police officials to London in advance of their joining a possible international deployment to eastern Ukraine to secure the crash site , Prime Minister Tony Abbott said Thursday . Did rebels have missile system ? Accusations continue to fly over who was responsible for shooting down Flight 17 . One pro-Russian rebel commander further complicated the picture by appearing to acknowledge that rebels had in their possession the type of surface-to-air missile system that U.S. officials say was used to bring down Flight 17 . Since the crash a week ago , rebel leaders have repeatedly denied that they had an SA-11 , or Buk , missile system , at their disposal . But in an interview with the news agency Reuters , Alexander Khodakovsky , the commander of the Vostok Battalion in Donetsk , said he knew about the missile system . "  I knew that a BUK came from Luhansk . At the time I was told that a BUK was coming from Luhansk under the flag of the LNR , " Khodakovsky told Reuters , making a reference to the Luhansk People 's Republic , the principal rebel group in Luhansk . Luhansk is one of two rebel provinces in eastern Ukraine . The other , Donetsk , is where Flight 17 came down . "  I found out about it when I found out that this tragedy happened . Most likely it was brought back in order to conceal the evidence of its presence , " Khodakovsky said in the Reuters interview , which took place Tuesday and was published Wednesday . He accused the Ukrainian government of provoking "  usage of this kind of weapon against a plane with civilians which was flying by . " But Russian media later reported that Khodakovsky later denied that he confirmed that rebels had the missile system , saying his comments were taken out of context . He told the news outlet RT that he was only discussing theories with Reuters and that he did not have information on such a weapon . Reuters said it is sticking by its story . Ukrainian President : The world must choose sides So much we do n't know -- five unanswered questions Who were the victims ? Should jet have flown over Ukraine ?	The Ukrainian Prime Minister and his Cabinet resign but remain in place until elections More than 400 people have died in eastern Ukraine fighting , government says Planes carrying the remains of as many as 74 people land in Eindhoven A rebel leader raises new uncertainty about how Flight 17 was shot down
CNN  -- An autopsy will be conducted Tuesday on the body of R&B singer-songwriter Teena Marie , according to the Los Angeles County coroner 's office . It was not immediately clear when the results would be available , but the coroner 's office said it hopes to have the autopsy completed on Tuesday . The artist was found dead Sunday at her California home . Born Mary Christine Brockert in Santa Monica , California , the 54-year-old artist was nominated four times for a Grammy Award , according to her official website . Marie was found dead by her daughter after apparently dying in her sleep , manager Mike Gardner said . The publicist said she talked on Saturday with Marie , who told her that she was excited about heading to Atlanta to perform this week -- in what would have been her first performance since the seizure . While no cause of death has been released , the singer 's publicist Lynn Jeter said that Marie suffered a grand mal seizure a month ago . "  Luckily , someone was there , " Jeter said of that seizure . "  The ambulance took her to the hospital , and on the way she had another seizure . " Among her songs were "  Lovergirl , " "  Portuguese Love , " "  Ooo La La La , " and "  I 'm a Sucker for Your Love . " Marie recorded for various record labels , including Motown , Epic , Stax Records and Cash Money Classics , after bursting onto the national music scene as a 19-year-old , according to her website . Her last studio album was "  Congo Square . " "  I am horrified by the sudden death of my darling Teena Marie , " Motown founder Berry Gordy said in a statement sent by his publicist . "  She was my ` baby , ' always true to herself , always true to her heart . " Berry called her a "  powerhouse performer , writer , producer and arranger . " "  When I first auditioned her she was so awesome she blew me away , " Gordy said . "  She had so much soul -- the only thing white about her was her skin . " CNN 's Roland S. Martin and Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Teena Marie had a three-decade career in music , and was nominated four times for a Grammy She was found dead Sunday in her home Marie worked with late funk legend Rick James , Smokey Robinson and others
Athens , Greece  CNN  -- The anniversary of a fatal police shooting triggered a new riot in Greece 's capital Sunday , with protesters occupying a university building and throwing rocks and burning garbage at police . Riot police with gas masks and shields faced off against about 200 demonstrators , some of whom attacked and injured the dean of the University of Athens following a protest march Sunday afternoon , authorities said . The protesters were holed up inside and around the school 's administration building . Police are barred from entering the downtown campus . Demonstrators broke up masonry from the courtyard of the 19th-century building and hurled chunks of the stone at police , who responded with stun grenades and tear gas and imposed a blockade of the building . The university 's dean , Christos Kittas , was in intensive care after being attacked , and 16 police officers were injured , Greek authorities said . At one point , both sides halted their confrontation to let an elderly man on a motor scooter pass between their lines -- only to resume the melee once he was gone . Skirmishes between police and demonstrators continued past nightfall , but some of the demonstrators were dispersing . Protests began Saturday night to commemorate the December 2008 killing of 15-year-old Alexandros Grigoropoulos , whose death at the hands of police sparked rioting at the time by young self-styled anarchists across Greece . Police said they had made more than 230 arrests since the demonstrations began . Sunday 's protest march drew several thousand people and was generally peaceful , but a few hundred -- including some children -- broke off from the march to occupy the university campus . Authorities have been barred from entering university grounds without the consent of the students since tanks crushed a 1973 student uprising protesting the military junta that then ruled Greece . John Psaropoulos contributed to this report for CNN .	Protests commemorate December 2008 killing of 15-year-old About 200 demonstrators break away from march , occupy university building University 's dean in intensive care after being attacked , authorities say Demonstrators throw rocks and other things at police , who are barred from entering campus
CNN  -- Prince William and his wife , Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , are expecting their first baby this month . As the world awaits the arrival , here 's a look at some interesting statistics and facts about royal births in Britain : 4 - The number of first names Prince Charles , Prince William and Prince Harry all have : Charles ' full name is Charles Philip Arthur George Windsor , William 's is William Arthur Philip Louis Windsor , and Harry 's is Henry Charles Albert David Windsor . The royal baby will probably have a lot of names , too , including the title prince  or princess  of Cambridge . 200 to 1 - The odds William and Catherine will name a girl Adele or Britney , or a boy Barack , according to oddsmakers at Ladbrokes . 5,000 to 1 - The odds they will choose North for the name , according to Ladbrokes . Too bad that has already been taken . 723,913 - Live births in England and Wales in 2011 , the most recent year for which statistics are available from the Office for National Statistics . 1.34 % - The chance of giving birth to twins in the United Kingdom , not counting in vitro fertilization . 50 % - Greater likelihood that the royal baby is a girl , according to a study of women in Washington hospitalized for hyperemesis gravidarum . Catherine was hospitalized for this condition , which is essentially nausea that leads to vomiting and dehydration , in December 2012 . 2,013 - Silver pennies coined by the Royal Mint , to be given to UK babies who are born on the same day as the royal heir . 32.6 - The average age of fathers for English and Welsh babies born in the year 2011 . 31 - Prince William 's age when the royal baby will be born . He turned 31 on June 21 . 29.7 - The average age of mothers for English and Welsh babies born in 2011 . 31 - Catherine 's age when the royal baby will be born . Her birthday is January 9 , and she is almost six months older than Prince William . 2 weeks - The length of Prince William 's "  statutory paternity leave , " which is typical for an employee of the Royal Air Force . 7 pounds , 1.5 ounces - Prince William 's birth weight . 103 - Years that passed between the births of a baby to a reigning monarch . Prince Andrew , Queen Elizabeth II 's second son and third child , was born at Buckingham Palace on February 19 , 1960 . Queen Victoria 's last child , Beatrice , was born in 1857 . 3 of 4 - The number of children born at Buckingham Palace to Queen Elizabeth and Prince Philip . Charles , Andrew and Edward were born at the palace , while Anne was born at London 's Clarence House in 1950 . 8 - number of Queen Elizabeth 's grandchildren . 8-8-88 - The birthday of Princess Beatrice , the elder daughter of Prince Andrew  August 8 , 1988  . 4 - The number of great-grandchildren Queen Elizabeth will soon have . Her grandson Peter Phillips and his wife , Autumn , have two children : Savannah  2010  and Isla  2012  . Her granddaughter Zara Tindall , and Tindall 's husband , Mike , recently announced Zara 's pregnancy . Then there 's William and Catherine 's baby .	Prince William and the Duchess of Cambridge are expecting their first child soon Oddsmakers are taking bets on what the royal baby 's name might be Is the baby more likely to be a boy or a girl ? Catherine 's health might provide a hint
CNN  -- One of the key demands from the national wave of demonstrations protesting recent police killings of unarmed black men is that law enforcement agencies expand the practice of equipping officers with dashboard cameras , body cameras and other recording devices , on the theory that visual recordings of controversial encounters will make it easier to discover the truth in situations like the shooting of Michael Brown in Ferguson , Missouri , or the choking death of Eric Garner in New York . Activists from coast to coast have decried the lack of a grand jury indictment in either case . But a strong word of caution is in order for those who think the widespread use of cameras will reduce or eliminate instances of police brutality or unjustified killings . The available evidence makes it far from clear that cameras will have the beneficial effects being promised . The public 's natural tendency to want to see for itself what has happened is understandable . "  We wo n't have to play this game of witnesses ' memories and secret grand juries , " if cameras are more widely used , says Benjamin Crump , the Brown family attorney , who is pushing what he calls the Michael Brown law . "  It 'll just be transparent and we can see it for ourselves . We can hold people accountable when they have interactions with citizens . " The idea is gaining traction . President Obama has announced a $ 263 million package to help local police departments buy and use 50,000 cameras , and the New York Police Dept. , the nation 's largest , has launched a pilot program . But two criminology professors at Arizona State University , Justin Ready and Jacob Young , say cameras often come with unintended negative consequences . "  In our field research on body cameras , there have been many times when cameras made matters worse for the officer , " the professors write . "  For example , in one situation an officer was trying to comfort a teenage girl who lived in an abusive home , but he found it difficult to show compassion and respect for her privacy with the camera rolling . ... The device can be a physical reminder to crime victims that they are on camera at times when they are most vulnerable and in need of privacy . " Since statistics show that fewer than 20 % of police calls involve felony crimes and only 1 % of calls result in the use of physical force , the vast majority of recordings will capture vulnerable victims rather than document instances of police using force . There 's a related issue of whether witnesses will be less willing to share important information with officers if they suspect the conversation is being recorded . Another problem involves the crucial issue of when -- and whether -- officers are simply turning off cameras at crucial moments . In New Orleans earlier this year , a police officer shot a man named Armand Bennett in the forehead during a traffic stop , then failed to report the fact the incident happened  for which the city 's police chief later apologized  . As the press dug into the story , it turned out that the officer who shot Bennett was outfitted with a body camera , but the device was switched off . In San Diego , two controversial shootings were captured on police body-cam videos this year -- but police refused media requests to make the footage public , undercutting the idea that a video record can help the public understand what happens in a controversial case . Even when camera footage is available , say professors Ready and Young , "  it is possible that on-officer video creates a polarizing effect on some controversies because people with strong convictions about what has transpired during a police shooting may use the ` facts ' that they see in the video footage to support their expectations about what occurred in the blind spots . " Washington Post blogger Radley Balko points out that merely having cameras is n't enough : "  In addition to making these videos public record , accessible through public records requests , we also need to ensure that police agencies implement rules requiring officers to actually use the cameras , enforce those rules by disciplining officers when they do n't and ensure that the officers , the agencies that employ them , and prosecutors all take care to preserve footage , even if the footage reflects poorly on officers . " An additional problem is that evidence suggests that the presence of cameras does n't necessarily make police officers more courteous or careful . A much-touted study of police in Rialto , California , found that using cameras led to a 60 % drop in the use of force and a 88 % decline in citizen complaints in a single year . But that experience is not universal . Dashboard cameras had been in use in Seattle for years , but in 2011 a federal Justice Department investigation still concluded that the department "  engages in a pattern or practice of using unnecessary or excessive force . " According to professors Ready and Young , "  police are actually more proactive when wearing cameras , " in part because they can record circumstances that will support their reasons for taking action . As the nation prepares for the next 50,000 body-cams to hit the street , we 'll face the same underlying question : Are the cops keeping us safe and also respecting everyone 's civil liberties and constitutional rights ? That 's a question no amount of technology can answer .	Some argue that more cameras will help prevent cases like Brown , Garner killings Errol Louis says people should beware of unintended consequences He says cops may be less likely to respond well in some cases , victims may be inhibited More technology may not be the answer to better policing , he says
London  CNN  -- As part of CNN 's special series "  Inside the Louvre , " we asked you to share your favorite artwork via the hashtag #LouvreFavorite . With thousands of artworks on display , it was n't easy for our community to choose their one most treasured piece . All in all , you sent us 100 tweets , comments and Instagram pictures ranging from the world-famous "  Winged Victory of Samothrace " to the "  Mona Lisa . " Other impressive works you named included Paul Delaroche 's "  The Young Martyr " and Johannes Vermeer 's "  The Lacemaker . " Check out the top 10 most popular artworks as selected by our community .	We asked you to share your favorite Louvre artwork via #LouvreFavorite After pulling together your tweets , pictures , here are your favorite artworks This is your guide to the most popular pieces inside the Louvre
CNN  -- Since the early days of pop music , the music industry has been searching for the secret formula to writing a successful song -- for that special alchemy that separates a Grammy-winner from a dud . For a period in the 1970s and 80s , the self-styled King of Pop Michael Jackson seemed to have stumbled upon it , but somewhere along the line he , too , seems to have misplaced it . Hit Song Science claims to be able to predict whether a song will be a pop hit But now a piece of software claims it can compute whether a song has chart-topping potential , and a number of record companies and musicians are using Hit Song Science  HSS  to gauge whether they have a hit on their hands . The software , developed by Barcelona-based Music Intelligence Solutions , works by breaking down more than 60 elements of a song , including melody , harmony , tempo , pitch , octave , beat , rhythm , fullness of sound , noise , brilliance and chord progression , and compares it against a database of over 3.5 million past commercial hits . The program organizes songs into clusters with similar-sounding equivalents and then rates the song on a scale of one to ten , with a score of 7.3 being deemed likely to do well in the music charts . Curiously , clusters of songs do not necessarily contain songs that sound the same to the human ear , but from a mathematical perspective they share similarities . HSS analyzed music from Norah Jones ' first album before she broke through and the program 's algorithms placed her in a cluster with Linkin Park , Aerosmith and JayZ . If you have ever wondered why you sometimes find yourself humming along to some smooth jazz on the radio when you consider yourself a strict thrash metal fan only , then perhaps HSS has discovered the scientific answer . Besides Norah Jones , the program also predicted success for Mika , while "  Turn Your Car Around , " a song penned by Ben Novak , a singer-songwriter from New Zealand , was rated as a potential hit by HSS , who recommended it to Sony Music in the UK . It eventually ended up as a vehicle for ex-Blue band member Lee Ryan and scored a respectable UK chart position of 16 in 2005 . Record producer Carlos Quintero , director of Orixe and Jamm Records in Spain , believes that the software has a high accuracy rate . "  I was very skeptical when I was told about it for the first time , " he says . "  I thought it was science fiction . "  But when we choose a tune for an artist and we like it and feel it will be a hit , the surprise is that 85 percent of the time the tracks we have chosen get a positive analysis from the software . " The emergence of hit prediction programs such as this -- New York-based Platinum Blue Music Intelligence provides a similar service -- raises concerns that the creative element of writing music would be eroded by breaking it down into mathematical algorithms . But Quintero claims the program in no way writes a song , it simply tells you whether it has the potential to be a hit . He says he mainly uses the software to tweak and refine songs so that he can maximize his chances of scoring a high chart position . "  There was a particular case where we had to revise the song as at first it was n't completely right . Using the software , we managed to make it work , " he explains . "  The problem with the software is that it can only indicate whether a song is suitable or not . It 's up to the producer , the technical team and the artist to make it suitable in the first place . " Quintero has since become a member of Music Intelligence Solutions ' advisory board , so he is bound to have a positive take on the service . Jimena Llosa , General Manager EMEA of Music Intelligence Solutions , claims the company has thirty to forty clients in the record industry in Europe and the U.S. , but she says she can not reveal who they are , citing privacy issues . CNN attempted to contact several record companies in London , but A&R departments claimed they had not heard of the service , suggesting either a certain coyness to admit using it or that it is not as widely used as Music Intelligence claims . The software can also be used as a way of recommending new music to audiences . In Spain , cellular phone company Orange is using the technology in its New Talents enterprise . Listeners can enter in their favorite songs and the program will suggest songs they might enjoy according to its cluster system . Óscar Sainz is one musician who has profited from this new way of connecting musicians with an audience . A national tennis monitor by profession , he struggled to make an impact in the music industry despite the best efforts of Pablo Pinilla , one of Spain 's most successful music producers . But since the Orange initiative his career has taken off and he is now selling well through Orange and touring the country . "  A machine or at least mathematical or scientific formulas that could analyze the parameters that a song needs to be a hit ? The truth is I doubted it at first , " he says . "  My first instinct was it must be a con . "  Do n't ask me what parameters they use , or formulas , or machines they use , because I do n't know . But it works . " But the software has its skeptics . Jim Elliot , writer and producer of Kylie Minogue 's new single "  2 Hearts " is unconvinced about the accuracy of the program . He entered tracks from her new Album "  X " and they were , unsurprisingly , rated as potential hits . But he also entered a little-known , unreleased , song by 70s band Gong that included cows mooing , and it was also rated as a potential chart-topper . He thinks that the program negates the unpredictability of human behavior . "  The fact is that it 's the human errors introduced in the music-making process that are always the most interesting , " he says . "  Who would have thought Lily Allen would do so well ? I doubt anyone would have predicted that . "  It 's so hard to categorize music . There 's a real danger of doing that . If you are writing and producing music you can try to fit it to certain formulas but it 's so abstract that it has to be free -- and then something good will happen . " With just one fifth of their musicians making a profit for today 's record companies , executives are always searching for new ways to narrow the risk margin . Hit Song Science may become a useful string in their bow in the elusive art of predicting a hit . Otherwise they will have to keep relying on tried and tested -- and more human -- methods , such as gut instinct . E-mail to a friend	Barcelona company claims its software can tell if a song will be a pop hit Hit Song Science analyzes song 's melody , harmony , tempo , beat Software can not write hits , just predict whether they will find success Company says A&R departments are using it to tweak tracks for the top
Ukraine 's government and separatist leaders signed a ceasefire deal Friday after talks in Belarus , raising hopes of an end to the nearly five-month conflict that has wracked eastern Ukraine . The ceasefire went into effect at 6 p.m. local time  11 a.m. ET  on the order of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko . It was not immediately clear if it would hold . Artillery fire and explosions were heard in the eastern Ukrainian city of Donetsk as of 6 p.m. local time , the city 's website said . But a CNN team in southeastern Ukraine , where Ukrainian forces and the rebels have engaged in fierce fighting this week between the Russian border and the port city of Mariupol , said that as of 20 minutes into the ceasefire period there had been no renewal of artillery fire . President Barack Obama said he was hopeful but skeptical that a ceasefire in Ukraine would hold , questioning if pro-Russian rebels would adhere to it . Obama , speaking at the end of a NATO summit in Wales , added that NATO was "  fully united in support of Ukraine 's sovereignty , independence , territorial integrity and ability to defend itself . " Member nations would send nonlethal military aid and help modernize Ukraine 's security forces while the United States and European allies finalize measures "  to deepen and broaden sanctions " against Russia , he said . "  Russia 's aggression against Ukraine threatens our vision of a Europe that is whole , free and at peace . " he said . Speaking to reporters at the same summit , Poroshenko said the ceasefire deal was based on his peace plan and an agreement reached in a phone call this week with Russian President Vladimir Putin . He said the sovereignty , territorial integrity and independence of Ukraine were key to the 12-point plan . He also said he hoped the exchange of prisoners would start in the near future , perhaps as soon as Saturday . Poroshenko said it was important that ceasefire lasted , and that during this period a political dialogue should continue on restoring peace and stability to the Luhansk and Donetsk regions . "  We are ready to provide significant steps , including the decentralization of power , " he said , as well as greater economic freedoms for the Luhansk and Donetsk regions and guarantees that their culture and language be respected . Many in the region are Russian speaking . The self-styled Donetsk People 's Republic Twitter feed also said the ceasefire had been signed and that it would come into effect at 6 p.m. local time . However , the ceasefire does not mean the end of the Donetsk People 's Republic and the Luhansk People 's Republic , separatist leaders said at a televised news conference after signing it . Poroshenko has asked his foreign minister and the Organization for Security and Cooperation in Europe , which already has international observers in Ukraine , to monitor compliance with the ceasefire . "  The entire world strives for peace , the entire Ukraine strives for peace , including millions of Donbas residents , " he said . "  The highest value is human life . We must do everything possible and impossible to terminate bloodshed and put an end to people 's suffering . " A previous unilateral ceasefire declared by the Ukrainian government in June broke down after 10 days . Sanctions on table A ceasefire deal may have been signed , but Putin remains under international pressure over Russia 's actions in Ukraine . UK Prime Minister David Cameron , who is hosting the summit in Wales , said in his final remarks that what Putin was doing is "  indefensible and wrong . " A package of EU sanctions "  is being finalized in Brussels that will further increase the economic costs to Russia for its behavior , " he said . "  We stand firmly behind Ukraine 's right to make its own decisions , not to have then dictated by Russian tanks rolling over the border . " Europe and the United States are firmly resolved to maintain their pressure on Russia , in support of Ukraine , he said . "  At the end of the day , Russia needs Europe and America more than Europe and America need Russia . We have to make that relationship pay , " he said . "  If they go on destabilizing this country , partitioning this country , they will face more pressure , " he said of the Russians . Earlier Friday , EU spokesman Maja Kocijancic said a decision on implementing the proposed new round of sanctions "  will only be taken in light of developments on the ground . " She added , "  If there is a ceasefire agreed in Minsk today , member states would look at how serious it was and decide whether to go forward . " Russia : Volunteer fighters in Ukraine Kiev and the West accuse Moscow of both arming the rebels and sending Russian troops into Ukraine to aid them -- claims Moscow denies . Andrey Kelin , Russia 's Permanent Representative to the OSCE , on Friday repeated Russia 's longstanding denial that it had troops in Ukraine . Kelin told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that there are no Russian forces in Ukraine . But , he admitted , there may be Russian "  volunteers , probably former military men " who are fighting on behalf of the separatists , which he calls "  freedom fighters . " The talks in the capital of Belarus , Minsk , brought together the leaders of the separatist groups with former Ukrainian President Leonid Kuchma , as well as Russian representatives . Putin set out his own seven-point peace plan after talking by phone with Poroshenko this week . It included a halt by both parties of "  any offensive military operations " in Donetsk and Luhansk , international monitoring of the ceasefire , prisoner exchanges and the opening of a humanitarian corridor to allow aid to reach civilians . Ukraine : Russian losses number 2,000 The conflict in eastern Ukraine showed no sign of abating Friday morning . Col. Andriy Lysenko , a spokesman for the National Defense and Security Council , said that there had been 27 clashes in the past 24 hours , including at Donetsk airport , and that shelling from Russian territory continued . Ukrainian forces in Mariupol have been bolstered to fight off a rebel advance , he said . A CNN team in Mariupol witnessed shelling Thursday that indicated rebel forces were moving closer . The rebels seized the nearby Ukrainian border town of Novoazovsk last week , allegedly with the help of Russian forces , and have been threatening to advance on Mariupol . "  According to preliminary intelligence information , overall Russian losses over the period of the conflicts are about 2,000 killed , " Lysenko said . It was not clear if he was referring to Russian citizens or troops . Lysenko added that the number injured could be four times as many , and they are being treated in hospitals in Russia . Since the conflict began in mid-April , 846 Ukrainian soldiers have died and 3,072 have been wounded , he said . NATO warning Russia 's alleged incursion and the threat that its forces could move deeper into Ukraine have caught the attention of the West . "  This is the first time since the end of World War II that one European country has tried to grab another 's territory by force , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen said . "  Europe must not turn away from the rule of law to the rule of the strongest . " Putin has voiced sympathy for the separatists , many of whom are ethnic Russians . But he denies that Russia has armed and trained the rebels , or sent Russian troops over the border . In July , Obama and the European Union announced sanctions against Russia 's state-owned banks , weapons makers and oil companies , along with Putin 's top cronies , an extension of previous sanctions against targeted individuals and companies . Moscow responded by banning imports of fruits , vegetables , meat , fish , milk and dairy products from the U.S. , Europe , Australia , Canada and Norway . In what may be another retaliatory move , Russia 's federal consumer rights protection service banned all confectionery imports from Ukraine , Russian state news agency ITAR-Tass reported Friday . It said the ban was imposed to protect consumer rights .	President Barack Obama says he 's hopeful but skeptical about the ceasefire Ceasefire ordered by President Petro Poroshenko comes into effect President asks Ukrainian Foreign Minister and OSCE to monitor compliance EU member states are considering a new round of sanctions against Russia
Paris , France  CNN  -- Former French President Jacques Chirac has been placed under investigation for allegations stemming from his time as mayor of Paris , his office said Friday . A judge in Nanterre , near Paris , questioned Chirac Friday morning over the employment of seven people who were hired by the city of Paris in the early 1990s . The suspicion is that the employees were working for Chirac 's right-wing political party , RPR , which no longer exists , while on the city payroll . Chirac , 77 , was mayor of Paris between 1977 and 1995 , the year he became president . The case in Nanterre is similar to but separate from another investigation in Paris , in which Chirac is accused of using 21 city employees to work on his presidential campaign . In a statement released by his office Friday , Chirac pointed out that he had "  already answered all the questions related to this investigation regarding the seven jobs in July 2007 and that no new facts have surfaced since then . " Chirac could face a five-year sentence and a fine of 75,000 euros  $ 107,500  if found guilty of using the employees to work for his party . The former president denies the accusations . "  On the investigation itself , President Chirac repeats that no such ` system ' has ever existed in the Paris city hall , " the statement said . "  He is determined to demonstrate this through the procedure which was started by being placed under investigation . " The former French head of state also said he "  wishes the investigation to progress as quickly as possible to establish once and for all that he is beyond reproach . " Former French Prime Minister Alain Juppe was already sentenced in December 2004 for his role in the affair , but Chirac benefited from presidential immunity at the time . After Chirac left office in May 2007 , he made it known he was available to answer any questions on the matter . Current Paris Mayor Bertrand Delanoe had no comment about the investigation , according to officials with the city of Paris , which lodged the initial complaint against Chirac . The former president remains popular in France . A survey released Thursday , conducted by the opinion research company IFOP for Paris Match magazine , showed that 78 percent of French people have a positive opinion of Chirac -- making him the highest-rated politician since the survey began in November 2003 . CNN 's Luc Lacroix contributed to this report .	Authorities are investigating Jacques Chirac over alleged corruption charges Officials believe the alleged charges stem from his time as Mayor of Paris Chirac could face a five-year prison sentence and a $ 107,500 fine The former president denies the allegations
CNN  -- Stargazers who were willing to give up a little sleep got to catch the last lunar eclipse of 2010 early Tuesday . The total lunar eclipse lasted about three and a half hours , starting as a partial eclipse about 1:33 a.m. ET and finishing at 5:01 a.m. ET , according to NASA . As a coincidence , the eclipse fell on the same date as the 2010 winter solstice . The last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638 . "  For eclipse watchers , this means that the moon will appear very high in the night sky , as the solstice marks the time when Earth 's axial tilt is farthest away from the sun , " NASA said . In areas with clear skies , only watchers across North America , Greenland and Iceland were able to see the eclipse . Those in western Europe could see the beginning stages before the moon set , and stargazers in western Asia saw the later stages after moonrise , according to NASA . Share your lunar eclipse images , videos The Twitter universe was aglow as the eclipse reached its peak . "  Moon fully covered , appears red - very cool , " said Adam Goodman in Toronto , Ontario . The weather did n't cooperate for everyone though . "  Thank you cloudy sky for ruining the eclipse for me , apparently I woke up 3 for no reason , " Seth Pelletier in Utah tweeted . The most recent lunar eclipse occurred June 26 . A lunar eclipse occurs when the Earth lines up between the sun and the moon , blocking the sun 's rays and casting its shadow on the moon , according to NASA . As the moon moves into the Earth 's shadow , it appears to change color , turning from gray to orange or deep red . The new color stems from indirect sunlight that passes through Earth 's atmosphere and casts a glow on the moon , NASA said . "  Our atmosphere filters out most of the blue colored light , leaving the red and orange hues , " the agency said . Lunar eclipses differ from their solar counterparts , as no special equipment is needed for viewing . NASA will stream a live video feed of the eclipse from a camera mounted at the Marshall Space Flight Center in Huntsville , Alabama . Tuesday was the last chance for those in the continental United States to see a total lunar ecllipse until April 15 , 2014 , according to NASA . CNN 's Emmanuella Grinberg contributed to this report .	The eclipse was visible to North America , Greenland and Iceland The United States wo n't see another total lunar eclipse until 2014 The last lunar eclipse to happen on the day of the winter solstice was in 1638 .
CNN  -- It 's clear that we ca n't go 24 hours without Sarah Palin saying something so stupid that it defies logic , but leave it to the Kim Kardashian of politics to find something wrong with first lady Michelle Obama 's effort to curb obesity in America 's kids . In a radio interview on Wednesday with conservative talker Laura Ingraham , Palin took dead aim at the first lady 's "  Let 's Move " initiative , which is all about getting children active and involved in exercise and healthy eating . In the wacky world of Wasilla 's finest , Palin tries to cast the effort to fight obesity as part of Michelle Obama 's "  different worldview . " Here is a portion of the transcript from HuffingtonPost.com : "  Take her anti-obesity thing that she is on . She is on this kick , right . What she is telling us is she can not trust parents to make decisions for their own children , for their own families in what we should eat . "  And I know I 'm going to be again criticized for bringing this up , but instead of a government thinking that they need to take over and make decisions for us according to some politician or politician 's wife priorities , just leave us alone , get off our back and allow us as individuals to exercise our own God-given rights to make our own decisions and then our country gets back on the right track . " Hmmm . "  Let 's Move " is Obama 's "  kick ? " Maybe someone should kick Sarah Palin so she can understand how devastating obesity is to the future of the United States . According to the first lady 's "  Let 's Move " website : • Obesity rates among children have tripled in the last three decades , and one in three children are obese . • One-third of all children born after 2000 will suffer from diabetes . • Children are less active today than at any other time in American history , spending 7.5 hours a day watching TV , playing video games or simply involved in efforts that do n't require movement . • Obesity is contributing to the vast increase in hypertension among Americans . Now , since Palin is always talking about our nation 's military and how we have to honor them and show them love and affection , let 's listen to what a group of generals said a few months ago about obesity and America 's national defense . A study released in April by Mission : Readiness , a nonprofit group of more than 150 retired generals and admirals , concluded that 27 percent of 18 - to 24-year-olds are too fat to join the military . The culprit ? Junk food and too much fat in school lunches . Said the study : "  Today , otherwise excellent recruiting prospects , some of them with generations of sterling military service in their family history , are being turned away because they are just too overweight . Our standards are high because we clearly can not have people in our command who are not up to the job . Too many lives depend on it . " In testimony before Congress , the former head of the California Army National Guard , retired U.S. Army Major Gen. Paul Monroe , said that "  80 percent of children who were overweight between the ages of 10 to 15 were obese by age 25 . " He and other military leaders want Congress to enact a massive child nutrition bill to remove all junk food and high-calorie beverages from schools , improve nutrition standards in schools , upgrade school menus and , the group said , "  help develop new school-based strategies , based on research , that help parents and children adopt healthier lifelong eating and exercise habits . " Monroe testified : "  In 1946 , Congress passed the National School Lunch Act as a matter of national security . In the past , retired admirals and generals have stood up to make it clear that America is only as healthy as our nation 's children . Childhood obesity is now undermining our national security and we need to start turning it around today . " So , Sarah Palin , are you going to also rip into this decorated American and say that he and 150 other military leaders are dead wrong ? I recently sat down with Michelle Obama for a prime time special on TV One cable network dedicated to her "  Let 's Move " initiative . It was startling to listen to her talk about the horrible statistics and the shape we 'll be in in the future , figuratively and literally . "  The crisis that we 're facing around childhood obesity hits everything , " Obama said . "  It 's about education , what our kids are learning about nutrition in the schools , the quality of the food in the schools . It 's about our neighborhood development . How are neighborhoods designed ? "  Are our kids -- do they have access to safe places to play ? Are we structuring communities in a way that facilitates healthy living ? Are there accessible and affordable healthy foods in our communities ? And it 's about economic opportunity as well , because if folks ca n't afford to put food on the table , then they 're eating what they can . "  So this is one of those issues that requires us to talk about a little bit of everything . And it makes us look at ourselves a little more closely and it makes us look at the broader society . So we 're beginning to understand this is a threat . " This latest broadside by Palin shows how reckless and ridiculous she is . Libertarians and far right conservative Republicans are always talking about government intrusion into our lives , but when we look at clean water , air quality and food supply , thank God for governmental standards . Do n't think for a second I 'm not paying attention . I 've increased my health awareness , am changing my diet and working out more to lose weight , and am pushing family members to do the same . That 's really the whole point of Michelle Obama 's "  Let 's Move . " Any Republican with common sense should see that Sarah Palin poses an immediate threat to the future of this country . She proves that every time she opens her mouth . Sarah , for the benefit of the nation , stick a fork in it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Roland Martin says Sarah Palin slammed Michelle Obama 's "  Let 's Move " anti-obesity campaign He says Obama 's site says obesity tripled in 30 years , diabetes in kids is up He says a group of generals told Congress increasingly people are too overweight to serve Martin : Palin 's comments show she is reckless about the nation 's health
CNN  -- An Air Force squadron commander has been removed a week after a tilt-rotor CV-22 Osprey crashed in Florida during a routine training mission , injuring five , military officials said Friday . Officials were no longer confident in his effectiveness , said Col. Jim Slife , commander of the 1st Special Operations Wing . "  The challenges of the 8th Special Operations Squadron 's demanding mission require new leadership to maintain the highest levels of precision and to reliably support the ground forces which count on the 8th SOS to safely accomplish their missions , " Slife said in a statement , without providing details . Lt. Col. Matt Glover of Austin , Texas , had led the 8th Special Operations Squadron since May 2011 , according to the Hurlburt Field website . The squadron is one of nine operating in the wing . Slife said the new squadron commander has extensive history in the Osprey program . The crash occurred about 6:45 p.m. June 13 at Hurlburt Field 's Eglin Range , said Amy Nicholson , chief of public affairs at the airfield . The cause remains under investigation , Slife said . The Osprey was assigned to the 1st Special Operations Wing , the Air Force said . The tilt-rotor aircraft can fly like an airplane and land like a helicopter . The Army began developing the Osprey in 1982 , though the program was nearly scrapped in 1989 when Secretary of Defense Dick Cheney sought to cancel it because of ballooning costs . Questions were raised about the safety of the Osprey after two crashes , including one in 1992 at a Marine Corps air base in Virginia that killed the crew . In late 2000 , the Marine Corps grounded the Osprey fleet after two more crashes : one in Arizona that killed four crew members and 15 passengers and another in North Carolina that killed the crew . A redesign was ordered , and the craft resumed flights in 2002 . The Air Force began using Ospreys in 2008 after testing the aircraft in 2006 . The Marines deployed them in Iraq in 2007 after 18 years and $ 20 billion in development .	Osprey crashed last week in Florida during routine training mission Officials are no long confident in his effectiveness , wing commander says Five crew members were injured in the crash The cause is under investigation
New York  CNN  -- Fliers with the names of four alleged campus "  rapists " are being circulated at New York 's Columbia University in an apparent vigilante effort to warn women of potential sexual assaults . One flier obtained by CNN has the names of the alleged offenders under the heading "  Rapists on Campus . " Three of the names include the claim that the men were found "  responsible " for sexual assaults by the university . A fourth name is identified as a "  serial rapist . " In a statement , an independent , student-run online news site said it demanded that a staff member named on the list "  permanently and immediately resign from their position . " "  Our decision does not reflect a position on the innocence or guilt of this former staff member , nor does it comment on , take a position on , support , implicitly or explicitly , any allegations of fact or law made against such person , " the statement said . It 's not known who is behind the campaign , which has generated both support and outrage around campus . The university declined to comment on the fliers . "  It 's not like this was a fun thing to do for whoever wrote it , I 'm sure , " Columbia sophomore Cami Quarta , who said she 's a sexual assault survivor , told CNN affiliate WPIX . Normally , CNN does not name sexual assault victims but did in this case after Quarta 's on-camera interview . "  Honestly , it was a last resort , just out of desperation . " Earlier this month , 23 students filed a federal complaint against Columbia University , alleging the school failed to protect victims of sexual assault , according to a statement from the students . The complaint alleges the Ivy League university discouraged students from reporting sexual assaults , allowed perpetrators to remain on campus , sanctioned inadequate disciplinary actions for perpetrators and discriminated against students based on their sexual orientation , according to a statement from the students , who are calling themselves Our Stories CU . The complaint was filed with the U.S. Department of Education , alleging violations of Title II , Title IX and the Clery Act by Columbia and Barnard College , the affiliated women 's school . In a statement , the university declined to comment on the allegations but said it had taken "  a series of significant new measures dedicated to preventing such sexual misconduct . " Some students have praised the distribution of the fliers as a "  vigilante " effort aimed at protecting women ; others have taken to social media to call it a "  witch hunt . " One student who said she was the victim of a sexual assault on campus told CNN that the campaign appeared to be created "  to warn other girls at school that these men are still enrolled and pose a threat to their safety . " The student , a senior at Columbia , asked that her name not be used . Emil Ostrovski , a graduate student in creative writing , said he understood the rationale for the list . "  On the other hand , it 's a very serious thing to accuse someone of and can have serious repercussions for that person , " he said . "  I feel uncomfortable about people making accusations with impunity . " Amy , another Columbia graduate student in creative writing , said the list includes some "  big names " on campus . "  I do n't think it 's anybody 's right to put information in the world that has n't been proven , " said Amy , who asked that her last name not be used . She added , "  If somebody were angry at someone else or feeling vindictive , they could put someone 's name on the list . " According to New York Police Det. Marc Nell , none of the four names on the fliers appear in a 2014 database as being involved in any criminal activity . Columbia University declined to comment directly on the fliers but issued a general statement : "  To avoid chilling complainants from coming forward and to respect all parties involved , the University does not comment on the particulars of disciplinary proceedings regarding sexual misconduct . In addition , the University is mindful of the multiple federal laws that govern these matters and provide important protections to survivors of sexual violence and to students engaged in our investigative process . These laws and our constitutional values do not permit us to silence debate on the difficult issues being discussed . " The author of the fliers added a line at the bottom saying , "  To the Columbia Community : Stay safe , protect and support each other and always , always , make sure to have sober , enthusiastic , continuous consent . " The names of four students were first discovered by university officials scribbled on the wall of a women 's bathroom in Columbia 's Hamilton Hall on March 7 , according to Columbia officials . Those names were promptly removed by the janitorial staff . White House issues guidelines to colleges to combat rape 55 colleges under investigation over handling of sexual violence complaints CNN 's Ray Sanchez contributed to this report .	A list of alleged "  rapists " is circulating among Columbia University students A staff member named on the list was forced to resign from online student news site The campaign has generated both support and outrage at Columbia
Moscow  CNN  -- Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin accused U.S. drones and special forces of involvement in the death of Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi in comments Thursday . He also attacked U.S. Sen. John McCain over a warning that Russia might follow the same path as Libya , suggesting McCain was not of sound mind following his time as a prisoner during the Vietnam War . Putin 's comments were prompted by a question during his traditional year-end question-and-answer program , broadcast live by state media . Responding to a question about McCain purportedly predicting Putin would meet the same fate as Libya 's leader , the Russian prime minister described the televised images of Gadhafi 's final moments as "  horrible , disgusting scenes " and pointed to U.S. involvement in his death . "  Is that democracy ? Who did this ? Drones , including those of the U.S. , struck his motorcade and then commandos , who were not supposed to be there , called for the so-called opposition and militants by the radio , and he was killed without an investigation or trial , " Putin said . U.S. Defense Secretary Leon Panetta acknowledged the day after Gadhafi 's death that "  it was a U.S. drone combined with the other NATO planes that fired on the convoy " in which the Libyan leader was traveling outside the city of Sirte . But the Pentagon has denied that any U.S. forces were on the ground in a combat role in Libya . When asked about McCain , Putin said he had met the senator from Arizona , but said the questioner 's description of him as the prime minister 's friend was "  exaggerated . " He then questioned the mental state of McCain , who ran for U.S. president in 2008 , saying he "  was taken prisoner in Vietnam , and was held not just in jail , but was put in a pit where he was kept for several years -- any person under those circumstances would hardly remain mentally sane . " Shortly afterward , McCain himself jumped into the row via Twitter , posting : "  Dear Vlad , is it something I said ? " and linking to a news story headlining the Russian prime minister calling McCain "  nuts . " The senator 's earlier Twitter posts had linked to news stories suggesting Russia might be in line for its own version of the "  Arab Spring " but did not appear to suggest Putin would meet the same fate as Gadhafi . Putin 's attack may be a response to critical comments made by McCain in the U.S. Senate last week . McCain said his statement was a response to "  the flawed Duma election that just occurred this weekend , and in light of my strong belief that the growing demand for dignity and uncorrupt governance that has defined the Arab world this year may impact Russia as well . " McCain highlighted "  the unfortunate issue of Russia 's continued back-sliding on human rights and democracy " and said the post-election protests were unsurprising given "  the pattern of corruption and abuse that the Russian government has perpetrated over many years . " He also criticized Russia 's "  absolutely shameless " blocking of U.N. Security Council action on President Bashar al-Assad in Syria , despite widespread concerns over human rights abuses there . "  The demand for dignity , and justice , and democracy that is shaking the Arab world to its foundations will not be confined to that one region alone , " he said , but will spread and demonstrate that change is possible . "  And it appears that message may be resonating with people in Russia , " he added . In his televised remarks , Putin suggested that criticism of Russia was linked to its pursuit of "  an independent foreign policy . " While his country had more friends than enemies in Europe , he said , "  some would like to sideline Russia so that it does n't get in the way of those wanting to dominate the globe . " Putin 's latest comments come a week after he blamed the United States for encouraging opposition protests in the wake of Russia 's parliamentary elections . He said U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton had criticized the elections as "  neither fair not free -- even before receiving reports from international observers . " This had sent a signal to opposition figures , Putin said , who "  with the support of the U.S. State Department " then began "  active work . " Clinton responded to those remarks by restating her country 's "  strong commitment to democracy and human rights . " CNN 's Phil Black in Moscow and Laura Smith-Spark in London contributed to this report .	NEW : McCain criticized Russia 's "  back-sliding on human rights and democracy " last week Vladimir Putin suggests U.S. drones and commandos had a role in Gadhafi 's death The Russian prime minister questions Sen. John McCain 's soundness of mind In response , McCain tweets : "  Dear Vlad , is it something I said ? "
CNN  -- Take a walk along almost any beach in any part of the world and one 's experience is often spoiled by the sight of trash -- flotsam and jetsam -- washed ashore from the ocean . It 's a massive global problem , made worse by the modern use of plastics that do not readily biodegrade . One area of the North Pacific has earned the unwanted tag of "  the Great Pacific Garbage patch " and covers double the size of Texas -- with an estimated six kilos of plastic for every kilo of natural plankton . This swirls about 20 meters below the surface of the water and , with other slowly degrading garbage , poses an obvious threat to marine life and the ecological balance . Marine conservation groups have long campaigned for better environmental protection of our oceans , but have now found high-profile support from a pair of world-class long-distance racing sailors -- Rob Windsor of the United States and Britain 's Hannah Jenner . Sharp focus They have brought into sharp focus a practice that neither other competitors taking part in epic yachting classics nor the sponsors of these events would ever wish to dwell upon . Crews -- desperate to free up space in their cramped conditions and ever mindful of the need to save weight -- leave their own trail of trash dumped overboard as they sail as fast as possible across the oceans . Until now it 's been standard practice for their fellow competitors , who must balance environmental concerns with obvious practical necessity , particularly when at sea for extended periods . But Windsor and Jenner , among the favorites to win the Transat Jacques Vabre -- a month-long , 5,600-nautical-mile race from France to Brazil -- are pledging to stop the dumping as part of a new eco-friendly approach to ocean racing . "  Cleaner . Faster . Better " is the motto of Windsor and Jenner 's 11th Hour Racing team and they want to be as good as their word . The pair have been rigorously training for several months in their 40-foot monohull for the annual event , considered one of the most prestigious on the yachting calendar , which the 44 entries started from Le Havre on Thursday after a delay for bad weather . Education lesson They both admitted that in the past they had been guilty of tossing items like tin and soda cans into the sea , believing that salt water would quickly eat it away . But working with the Rozalia Project , a non-profit organization committed to cleaning up our oceans , has been an eye-opener . "  The only trash we dump overboard during our journey will be toilet paper , " Jenner told CNN , while acknowledging the scale of their task . "  We sailed back from Rhode Island earlier this year as part of our trials and decided to store how much rubbish we had built up , " she said . "  Three people over six weeks and we came back with eight big bags of rubbish -- and probably six of those would usually be thrown over the side . It was shocking , really , " she admitted . Using a series of advanced technological solutions and working with a nutritionist to help them reduce their reliance on numerous packets of freeze-dried food , the pair are confident they will achieve their goal . Future generations "  I think we all have a responsibility to future generations to do everything we can to protect the environment , " said Windsor . "  I am hoping that it will set a trend and trickle down across all levels and in particular recreational sailors . " Behind the pair 's example-setting , trash-busting commitment lies a series of innovative technologies -- with the need to save weight being paramount . Their boat is equipped with a hydro generator , using the movement of the boat through the water to charge batteries and eliminating the need to run a diesel generator to power their on board facilities . It will also provide a massive weight saving because they will need less fuel . The hydro generator is backed up by solar panels to provide a further energy source for the navigational systems . It is customary for crews to take hundreds of bottles of drinking water on board for a race of this length , but Team 11th Hour is using their own water maker and desalination system to meet this need -- again a big weight saving . Perhaps the most innovative project the pair will be taking on board will see them attempt to grow fresh produce by harvesting seedlings to grow microgreens . Fresh food The brainchild of the process is former team member Nick Halmos , who is hoping Windsor and Jenner will be able to supplement their diet of freeze-dried food with edible and healthy food nutrients . "  If we can do it successfully in the harsh conditions in the middle of an ocean it can definitely be transferred to urban environments , which is its target market , " said Windsor . But it is a risk attempting to use such a mix of eco-friendly methods in a race situation . "  Other entrants have used some of these methods before , but we are the first to use all of them as a combination , " said Jenner . But after months of grueling training , and taking part in warmup events such as the Fastnet Race , the pair are confident they can challenge for top honors . "  There 's been lots of hard work getting to this stage , working our arses off with the ultimate aim to be on the podium , " said Windsor . "  We are very competitive , " chipped in Jenner , who at 1.67 meters tall and 58 kg is dwarfed by her 1.88 m and 94 kg teammate . Competitive duo "  Using Hannah 's smarts and my brawn puts us in a position to do really , really well as a team , " said Windsor . Jenner finished third in the 2011 Transat , while Windsor has a pair of second-place finishes in prestigious trans-Atlantic races , but they know the opposition this year will be tough , even before the added pressure of the environmental pledges . "  This is a hugely iconic race , " said Windsor . "  In France offshore racing is huge , it can be compared with the interest in football in the UK and there is plenty of talent in the field . " Win or lose , both are keen to continue their partnership after the Transat , which they view now as being important in changing attitudes in the racing fleet and among the wider public . "  For us the important thing is to get the best result we can , but also our campaign is more than just getting a podium position , " said Jenner . "  It 's spreading a message about how we are being cleaner and faster and therefore better , and have that message spread to other sailors to help them run more environmentally friendly . "	11th Hour Racing an entrant in Transat Jacques Vabre Team has pledged to end practice of dumping rubbish overboard Rob Windsor and Hannah Jenner crew their 40 foot monohull Annual event attracts some of the best long distance sailors in the world
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- Hundreds of militants , believed to be foreign fighters , launched attacks on various military check posts in Pakistan 's border with Afghanistan Saturday night and early Sunday morning , military officials said . A Pakistan soldier on patrol last fall against militants on the border of the Mohmand agency district . The ensuing fighting left 40 militants and six Pakistan soldiers dead , said military spokesman Gen. Athar Abbas . "  This is one of the largest attacks we have seen , " Abbas said . The attacks occurred at checkposts and military camps in the Mohmand agency , part of the lawless Federally Administered Tribal Areas where U.S. and Pakistani officials have reported a presence of militants . Abbas said the fighters crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan , and used rocket launchers and machine guns in their attacks . They have since been repelled , he said . Pakistan and Afghanistan share a porous 1,500-mile border . In recent months , Afghan officials have blamed militants operating from havens in the lawless tribal regions of Pakistan of sneaking into their country and attacking security personnel . Pakistan has repeatedly denied involvement and bristled at the accusation , saying that Afghan lawmakers were making allegations without proof . Abbas ' Sunday comments reverse those allegations , with Pakistan now blaming militants from Afghanistan attacking inside its soil .	Attacks occurred at checkposts and military camps in the Mohmand agency 40 militants , six Pakistani soldiers killed in fighting , Pakistan says Militants crossed into Pakistan from Afghanistan , official says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The officer who arrested a top African-American professor said talks over beers Thursday evening at the White House were productive and the two men plan to meet again . Sgt. James Crowley and professor Henry Louis Gates Jr. sit down with the president and vice president Thursday . Sgt. James Crowley and Henry Louis Gates Jr. sat around a patio table with President Obama and Vice President Biden , drank beer , munched on snacks and talked about the arrest that has sparked debate about racial profiling and police procedures . "  It was a private discussion . It was a frank discussion , " Crowley said of the meeting , but would not divulge specifics except to say that no one apologized . Crowley said he and Gates will speak by telephone in the coming days to finalize details of their next meeting . Both men bring different perspectives , he said , but he would like to hear more about Gates ' views . Gates was arrested July 16 and accused of disorderly conduct after police responded to a report of a possible burglary at his Boston-area home . The charge was later dropped . Crowley and Gates , both dressed in suits , sat down with Obama and Biden , who both had their white dress shirt sleeves rolled up . Video from the meeting showed mugs of beer being delivered to the men , who sat at a round table at the edge of the White House 's Rose Garden , eating peanuts and pretzels from silver bowls . The president was drinking Bud Light , Biden was drinking Buckler  a nonalcoholic beer  , Gates was drinking Samuel Adams Light and Crowley was drinking Blue Moon . After the meeting , Crowley told reporters that the men had a "  cordial and productive discussion , " in which they agreed to move foward rather than dwell on past events . Watch Crowley discuss his visit " After the meeting , the renowned Harvard professor reflected on the significance of the event and thanked Obama for arranging the meeting . "  It is incumbent upon Sergeant Crowley and me to utilize the great opportunity that fate has given us to foster greater sympathy among the American public for the daily perils of policing on the one hand , and for the genuine fears of racial profiling on the other hand , " Gates said in a statement on his Web site , The Root . "  Let me say that I thank God that  I  live in a country in which police officers put their lives at risk to protect us every day , and , more than ever , I 've come to understand and appreciate their daily sacrifices on our behalf . I 'm also grateful that we live in a country where freedom of speech is a sacrosanct value and I hope that one day we can get to know each other better , as we began to do at the White House this afternoon over beers with President Obama , " he said . iReport.com : Police , public share views on racial profiling "  At this point , I am hopeful that we can all move on , and that this experience will prove an occasion for education , not recrimination . I know that Sergeant Crowley shares this goal . Both of us are eager to go back to work tomorrow . " After the incident , Obama himself quickly got involved , saying at a news conference that police in Cambridge , Massachusetts , "  acted stupidly . " His comment itself drew criticism and later he softened his stance , saying , "  I could 've calibrated those words differently . " Watch report on fallout from president 's comment " After the meeting , Obama said in a statement he was thankful to Gates and Crowley for joining him at for "  a friendly , thoughtful conversation . "  Even before we sat down for the beer , I learned that the two gentlemen spent some time together listening to one another , which is a testament to them , " the president 's statement said . "  I have always believed that what brings us together is stronger than what pulls us apart . I am confident that has happened here tonight , and I am hopeful that all of us are able to draw this positive lesson from this episode . " Watch report from CNN 's Dan Lothian on visit " Earlier Thursday , Obama said the chat was prompted by an exchange he had with Crowley , who said in a phone call with Obama , "  Maybe I 'll have a beer in the White House someday . " The president replied that that could be arranged . On the meeting 's being dubbed the "  Beer Summit , " Obama said , "  It 's a clever term , but this is not a summit , guys . This is three folks having a drink at the end of the day , and hopefully giving people an opportunity to listen to each other , and that 's really all it is . "  This is not a university seminar . It is not a summit . It 's an attempt to have some personal interaction when an issue has become so hyped and so symbolic that you lose sight of just the fact that these are people involved , " he said . He said he would be surprised if the media makes the meeting out to be more important than his meeting Thursday with Gloria Macapagal-Arroyo , president of the Philippines , but "  the press has surprised me before . " Gates and Crowley brought their families to the White House , and the two toured the East Wing together before the meeting , officials said . The two met Obama in the Oval Office before moving out to the Rose Garden . Their families were touring the West Wing during the sit-down . Separately , a Boston , Massachusetts , police officer became part of the controversy by referring to Gates in a mass e-mail as a "  banana-eating jungle monkey . " Officer Justin Barrett later apologized , saying he 's not a racist . He told a local television station on Wednesday night that he was sorry for the e-mail . "  I regret that I used such words , " Barrett told CNN affiliate WCVB . "  I have so many friends of every type of culture and race you can name . I am not a racist . " He was placed on administrative leave after the e-mail surfaced , and he might lose his job as a result . Barrett 's attorney , Peter Marano , on Thursday offered an apology on his behalf . Watch Boston 's top cop call for discipline " "  Justin Barrett is a citizen , a husband , a father , a soldier , a police officer and a human being , " Marano said in a statement . "  He has made a mistake -- his poor choice in words is that mistake . His lack of thought into the possible outcome of using such words has caused this debate . Justin never intended for these words to bear such a racial connotation . " Meanwhile , a black Cambridge police sergeant on the scene the day of Gates ' arrest wrote a letter to Crowley , asking him to mention to Gates and Obama that he is now known as the "  black sergeant " and to some others as an "  uncle Tom . " "  I 'm forced to ponder the notion that as a result of speaking the truth and coming to the defense of a friend and colleague , who just happens to be white , that I have somehow betrayed my heritage , " Sgt. Leon Lashley wrote . "  Please convey my concerns to the president that Mr. Gates ' actions may have caused grave and potentially irreparable harm to the struggle for racial harmony in this country and perhaps throughout the world . " Lashley wrote in the letter he would like Gates to reflect on the incident and ask himself what responsibility he bears , what he can do to heal the rift and what he can do to mitigate the damage done to the officers ' reputations .	Officer says he and professor plan to meet again Professor says arrest gives Americans chance to examine race relations President sat down for beers with Harvard professor , cop who arrested him Arrest this month spurred debate on race , police procedures
CNN  -- Gilles Frydman was n't ready to see his friend Dr. Doreen Kossove in her condition : tethered to an oxygen tank , hardly able to speak , living with only one lung , her tiny , frail body ravaged by cancer and barely visible under her blankets . Empowered Patient extraordinaire : Doreen Kossove with her daughter Natasha de Lange . But as he approached the hospital bed in her tiny Berkeley , California , apartment , he saw that she was typing furiously on a laptop computer . Kossove , he learned , did n't let cancer -- in her lungs , chest and brain , and on her spinal cord and her vocal cord nerves -- get in the way of helping others . " -LSB- I have -RSB- about 2,000 rare-cancer patients under my gimlet stare , " Kossove wrote about the patients she communicated with on the Association of Cancer Online Resources , a Web site Frydman founded . "  I have had three deaths and another person dying in the last month among the people whom I advise . The last two current ones are breaking my heart . " Many of these patients say Kossove is the reason they 're alive today . A Brooklyn , New York-born pediatrician who practiced in the United States and South Africa , she was found to have leiomyosarcoma , a rare and aggressive cancer , in 2001 . She corresponded online with her fellow patients nearly every day -- sometimes all day -- until she died February 6 . She was 65 . "  I owe her my life , " cancer patient Erica Gero wrote in tribute to Kossove on the ACOR Web site . Gero explained that Kossove convinced her to see a doctor who specialized in sarcomas , a move Gero said got her the treatment she needed . "  Doreen gritted her teeth and would not let go of me until I went to the right kind of doctor . She was polite , but snarky at the same time . And of course , she was right . " Read more tributes to Kossove "  She was the most powerful patient advocate I 've ever known , " Frydman added . "  The world is missing a hero , " wrote Chaim Kurz , whose wife , Adina , for eight years has been battling synovial sarcoma , a rare type of soft tissue cancer . Kurz writes under the alias ` Bruce Katz . ' "  I remember at one time there was a question as to whether the tumors had spread into my wife 's spinal cord or brain . We had nowhere to turn . Doreen was herself starting a new chemotherapy treatment and was extremely tired , but sent me a three-page e-mail explaining in detail what options we had , " Kurz wrote on the ACOR site . "  She never candy-coated anything , but we knew that she loved everybody who ever asked her a question . " With a mother-hen style , Kossove pushed the cancer patients under her "  gimlet stare " to hire the right doctor , fire the wrong doctor and find the latest treatments , which can be very difficult for rare cancers . She urged them to question doctors who told them there were no options left ; she 'd been told the same thing when her cancer was first diagnosed . "  When she joined the ACOR list in 2001 , she was told she had one month to live , " Frydman remembers . "  Her ability to be up on the latest research and to impart the knowledge was uncanny , " wrote Susan Lowenbraun , nursing director of the Sarcoma Center at Cedars-Sinai Cancer Center in Los Angeles , California , who worked with Kossove to help patients on the ACOR site . "  Even when she felt ill herself , she did research and communicated tirelessly with other patients . " Sometimes Kossove showed impatience for others in her leiomyosarcoma group . If she felt someone was n't moving quickly enough to fight LMS , which can spread at lightning speed , she let them know in very blunt terms . "  I get very exasperated , very bitter and very worried about the people on this list , " she wrote to one woman . " -LSB- Some of them -RSB- put their heads in the sand . ... If one has high-grade LMS , one has to hit the road running . " Kurz paid tribute to her forcefulness on the ACOR site . "  If she was in the U.S. Army or Navy , there would be peace in the world now -- that is how strong she was , " he wrote . But she also showed great compassion , inspiring others on ACOR to keep searching for the newest treatment . "  Together we are more , and more effective , than we are separately , " she often told her fellow cancer patients . Signing off on one message , she wrote , "  Celebrate being alive . Warmly , Doreen . " CNN 's Sabriya Rice contributed to this report .	Dr. Doreen Kossove tirelessly helped cancer patients despite being sick herself She insisted patients find appropriate doctors , was a clearinghouse for information Kossove succumbed to a rare and deadly cancer in early February ; she was 65
CNN  -- Yaya Toure believes that Manchester City can become like his all-conquering former club Barcelona , the midfielder told CNN . After being criticized for defensive play last season , City boss Roberto Mancini has taken the English Premier League by storm with an all-out attacking style . Ivory Coast international Toure , who moved to Eastlands from the Camp Nou in a $ 38 million deal in July 2010 , said that with the current wealth of expensive talent City can rival the European and Spanish champions ' free-flowing passing style . The arrival of Sergio Aguero and Samir Nasri has meant City have not missed wantaway former captain Carlos Tevez , while David Silva has blossomed along with Edin Dzeko and Mario Balotelli for the 2011 FA Cup winners . "  Last year was difficult , because some of the media criticized City for defending more than attack , " Toure said . "  Now  the boss plays with a different system ... Sami Nasri , Edin Dzeko is playing fantastic now , Aguero , Silva is unbelievable . " Toure scored the goal that ended City 's 35-year wait for a trophy at Wembley in May , and he said that if Mancini 's men can maintain the form that has taken them top of the English table then they can be a serious threat to Barca 's dominance . "  For me it 's important that you have to first win something , and last year we did it . But this year , I think if we continue like that , if we win a couple more cups , maybe we can be like them , because Barcelona is this fantastic machine of football , " the 28-year-old said . "  I 'm full of confidence this year , I think this year is going to be amazing for us . " City qualified for the Europe 's top club competition for the first time since 1969 , and have a great chance of progressing into the knockout stage of the Champions League despite being drawn in a so-called "  Group of Death " along with Bayern Munich , Napoli and Villarreal . "  I think you have to go step by step because for me , for the moment , the Premier League is the most important league , " Toure said . "  But we focus on the Champions League . "  The Champions League is one of the best competitions in the world , so many great teams there . I think if we get some luck , we can go far . " Toure will miss a vital chunk of City 's season when he heads to Gabon and Equatorial Guinea in January for the month-long African Cup of Nations . The Ivory Coast 's "  Elephants , " drawn in Group B with Burkina Faso , Sudan and Angola , are among the favorites to win the tournament for the first time since 1992 , with several of the usual big-name countries not qualifying . Toure 's home country is recovering from the civil war that broke out in March after former president Laurent Gbagbo refused to stand down despite losing the November 2010 elections , plus floods that hit Abidjan in June . "  Everybody in my country they are waiting for this cup . And , I think we can only give them the happiness if we win this cup , because the guys from there they need it a lot . " While Manchester United 's status as one of the world 's most popular clubs remains intact , Toure 's presence at City along with his older brother Kolo has helped change the balance among supporters back home . "  Now I see the fans are very proud to put on the blue shirt of the club , " he said . "  And now I think the image of City is starting to change . I hope God helps us to continue to win something , which will make a lot of people happy . "	Manchester City midfielder Yaya Toure says the club can potentially rival Barcelona City on top in England this season after the arrival of several big-name signings Toure hails manager Roberto Mancini 's switch to a more attacking style of play He will miss part of the season when he goes to Africa Cup of Nations in January
San Francisco  CNN  -- Facebook wants to hear your life story . Not satisfied with just being a repository for recent vacation photos , the company is revamping the profile pages on its website to better highlight the milestones in a person 's life , executives announced at its annual conference for software developers on Thursday . This new version is based around the idea of a personal "  timeline " rather than the standard profile pages that users have become used to . "  We 're more than what we did just recently , " CEO Mark Zuckerberg said in unveiling the new look . "  Timeline is a completely new aesthetic for Facebook . " The pages look more like blogs than a social-networking site . A large photo covers the top of the pages , stretching from one side of the screen to the other . And posts -- like photos , status updates and the locations a person visits -- show up below that , attached to a vertical and chronological timeline . Facebook is hoping the changes encourage people to publish more information about their daily lives and about their pasts . In his onstage demonstration , Zuckerberg posted a baby picture of himself , which showed up at the bottom of his timeline profile . "  We think it 's an important next step to help you tell the story of your life , " he said . Some users got a beta version starting on Thursday , while others will be able to request access . The new profile will be turned on for everyone in the next few months , according to Bret Taylor , Facebook 's technology chief . The world 's largest social network , with more than 750 million users , introduced some related new features earlier this week . Zuckerberg said Facebook 's reach continues to grow . "  For the first time ever , in a single day we had half a billion people use Facebook , " he said . The company made a second big announcement Thursday when it unveiled a new version of its app network , which also is launching in the coming weeks . Facebook will make it easier for people to post info to their profile pages without visiting the site or clicking a Like button . The company has partnered with dozens of prominent software developers for applications that integrate more closely with the social network . Some of these features launched on Thursday . This is "  the most significant change we 've made to our platform since we launched it four years ago , " Taylor said . Streaming music services , including MOG , Rhapsody , Rdio , Spotify and Turntable.fm , can automatically send data to Facebook about each song a user listens to or about new playlists . These might then show up as a weekly report on the user 's Facebook page . Zuckerberg called this "  real-time serendipity . " "  This rings the friction out of how to share music , " Kenneth Parks , Spotify 's content chief , said in an interview . To promote this real-time sharing , Facebook also announced partnerships with Yahoo News , Netflix , Hulu , foodie social network Foodspotting and others . These companies have created Facebook apps that can post all of a person 's activities on Facebook 's new "  ticker , " which appears in the top right-hand corner of the site 's homepage . Some video services will similarly be able to notify Facebook each time a user watches a video . Hulu , the TV streaming site , and Netflix , the paid subscription service , will be among the first to adopt the new features . Netflix CEO Reed Hastings , who is also on Facebook 's board of directors , said that in some cases , Facebook friend recommendations can trump Netflix 's vaunted algorithms . Netflix 's Facebook features will be activated in 44 countries but not in the U.S. because of a law that Hastings described as outdated . "  You do n't have to Like a movie , " Zuckerberg said . "  You just watch a movie . " Miscellaneous apps like Nike + and recipe sites also will be able to send more info about particular runs or dinner concoctions without asking each time . "  I 'm not going to publish a status update every time I walk up to my stove , " said Taylor , the Facebook CTO who is also an avid cook . "  I do n't want to spam my friend 's news feed every time I pick up a spatula . " News websites and apps will ask readers to sign in with their Facebook accounts so that they can send info to the social network about every article they read . For the news industry , "  it 's huge , " said Eric Vishria , the CEO of RockMelt , which integrated some of these features into its Web browser . "  It gives a more tailored view . " But Flipboard , a news aggregation app for iPad that is listed among Facebook 's first partners , decided not to adopt that particular feature because , according to a spokeswoman , users probably would n't want to share so much information . Instead , users of the apps will be able to highlight individual articles using the Like button , as they currently can , or also share sections to their profiles , she said . The new Facebook features could anger privacy advocates . With these changes , Facebook is seeking significantly more data about people 's activity online and about their personal lives . Some Internet users who were watching Thursday 's presentation online reacted negatively . "  Get ready for over-sharing , " one Twitter user wrote . "  This is just WAY too much sharing . The end of privacy , " a Facebook user wrote on the company 's live stream page . Facebook is hoping to alleviate these concerns during a "  slow rollout , " Facebook 's Taylor said in an interview with reporters after the announcement . The company worked with privacy groups during the development of these features , he said . "  This is actually a major step for transparency and control on Facebook , " Taylor said . Users will be able to delete individual items after they 've been posted , he added . Zuckerberg has said he believes Internet users will continue sharing significantly more of their lives online each year . Comedian Andy Samberg , who opened Thursday 's event with his familiar "  Saturday Night Live " impersonation of the hoodied Facebook founder , poked fun at this idea in a brief introductory routine .	Mark Zuckerberg : "  Timeline is a completely new aesthetic for Facebook " New Timeline pages look more like blogs than a social-networking site Another change will let Facebook users share activities with friends "  in real time " Zuckerberg announces new features at a Facebook conference Thursday
CNN  -- Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez arrived in Havana early Wednesday for a new round of medical treatment , Cuban state media reported . The timing of his departure , weeks before regional elections in Venezuela , has fueled renewed speculation about the president 's health . It was unclear how long Chavez , who declared himself cancer-free in July , would remain in Cuba . "  Nobody should be alarmed . Nobody should worry . This is part of the treatment that the comandante has been following , " said Diosdado Cabello , president of Venezuela 's National Assembly and a close Chavez ally . Chavez will undergo several sessions of hyperbaric oxygen therapy , state media said . The treatment helps prevent and mend bone damage caused by radiation therapy , according to the American Cancer Society . It involves breathing pure oxygen in a sealed chamber that has been pressurized at up to three times normal atmospheric pressure . Chavez underwent several rounds of radiation therapy in Havana earlier this year . The Venezuelan president repeatedly spoke publicly about his cancer battle , but he never specified what type of cancer doctors were treating . Members of Venezuela 's opposition wished Chavez good health but criticized him Wednesday for a lack of transparency regarding his health and treatment . "  I think that he should speak to the Venezuelan people with transparency about what the situation is , what the scope of this treatment is , " said Henrique Capriles Radonski , who faced off against Chavez in October 's presidential election and is now vying for governor in Venezuela 's Miranda state . "  This is how it should be in Venezuela , and you can see that it 's like this in other countries . " Cabello defended Chavez and said such criticism was unwarranted . "  The president has been very clear with the Venezuelan people about the illness he has and how it has been treated , " he said . Health rumors dogged Chavez on the campaign trail this year , but did n't stop him from winning re-election in October . From June 2011 to May 2012 , he underwent cancer treatment in Cuba , raising speculation about his political future and about a possible successor , especially when he named 10 people to his inner circle of advisers , known as the Council of State . But Chavez declared himself cancer-free in July and went ahead with his campaign . Details of his health , however , have been a closely held secret , and some people who claim to have insider knowledge say the president is in much worse condition than he publicly lets on . The National Assembly on Tuesday voted to grant Chavez permission to travel to Cuba for the treatment , the state-run AVN news agency reported . Word of Chavez 's trip to Cuba sparked debate on the streets of Caracas , the capital . Chavez used to appear much more frequently on national television , said Hedbert Cortes , a worker . "  Before he would talk on TV for hours . Now he 's on less . I think this is because of his health , " Cortes said . Andres Berroteran said he was hoping for the best for Chavez . "  That everything turns out well and he recuperates , " the insurance analyst said . "  Like any human being , we wish him the best . " Chavez slams Venezuelan opposition after election victory Journalist Osmary Hernandez and CNN 's Patrick Oppmann , Claudia Dominguez and Nelson Quinones contributed to this report	State media : Hugo Chavez will receive several sessions of hyperbaric oxygen therapy Chavez is in Cuba for "  medical treatments , " state media reports The president says he is cancer-free , but some doubt that His health has been a closely guarded secret
CNN  -- Three people connected to the U.S. consulate in Ciudad Juarez , Mexico , were killed in two drive-by shootings , a senior White House official told CNN Sunday . Two of the victims were an American employee at the consulate and her U.S. citizen husband . Their 1-year-old child , who was in a vehicle with the couple at the time of the shooting , survived the incident , according to the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office . The American couple were found dead inside a white Toyota RAV4 with Texas license plates , according to the Chihuahua state attorney general 's office . The woman was shot in the neck and left arm , while the man had a bullet wound near his right eye , officials said . "  We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted , " Juarez Mayor Jose Reyes Ferriz told CNN , saying a police officer witnessed a car shooting at the Americans ' car . "  We know they were chasing them . We know they wanted to kill them . " The Americans were identified as Arthur Redelfs , 34 , and Lesley Enriquez by the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office , where Redelfs worked as a detention officer . Redelfs was a 10-year veteran of the department , according to Jesse Tovar , a spokesman for the sheriff 's office . "  On behalf of the men and women of the Sheriff 's Office , I would like to extend our deepest sympathy and condolences to the family during this difficult time , " said Sheriff Richard Wiles . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with them . " Authorities retrieved only one shell casing , from a 9 mm weapon . About 10 minutes before authorities received the call , they were alerted to a body inside a 2003 Honda Pilot . Inside was the husband of the Mexican employee , identified as Jorge Alberto Salcido Ceniceros , 37 . Reyes said the victim was a state police officer who was married to a Mexican employee at the U.S. consulate . Two children , 4 and 7 , were injured in that shooting and transported to the hospital , the attorney general 's office said . Police recovered two shells at that scene from an assault rifle , authorities said . "  The president is deeply saddened and outraged by the news of the brutal murders of three people associated with the United States Consulate General in Ciudad Juarez , " National Security Council Spokesman Mike Hammer said in the statement Sunday . "  He extends his condolences to the families and condemns these attacks on consular and diplomatic personnel serving at our foreign missions . In concert with Mexican authorities , we will work tirelessly to bring their killers to justice . " In response , the U.S. State Department authorized the temporary relocation of employees ' families working in border-area consulates . "  These appalling assaults on members of our own State Department family are , sadly , part of a growing tragedy besetting many communities in Mexico , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said in a statement Sunday night . "  They underscore the imperative of our continued commitment to work closely with the Government of  Mexican  President  Felipe  Calderón to cripple the influence of trafficking organizations at work in Mexico . " The families of employees at U.S. consulates in Tijuana , Nogales , Ciudad Juarez , Nuevo Laredo , Monterrey and Matamoros , are allowed to leave for a period of 30 days "  in response to an increase in violence along the Mexican side of its border with the U.S. , " State Department spokesman Fred Lash told CNN . After 30 days , the authorization can be renewed , depending on a review , Lash said , adding that this was not a mandatory evacuation . The announcement was part of a warning to American citizens regarding travel to Mexico . The warning urges U.S. citizens to delay nonessential travel to parts of the states of Durango , Coahuila and Chihuahua , where Juarez is located , because of recent violent attacks . U.S. government employees are restricted from traveling to all or parts of these three states . The attacks include the kidnapping and killing of two resident U.S. citizens in Chihuahua , the warning states . "  Some recent confrontations between Mexican authorities and drug cartel members have resembled small-unit combat , with cartels employing automatic weapons and grenades , " the warning says . "  During some of these incidents , U.S. citizens have been trapped and temporarily prevented from leaving the area . " The mayor said the shootings highlight a problem shared by both countries along their border . "  It is not just a Mexican problem -- it 's is a U.S.-Mexico problem , " Reyes said . "  I 'm very glad that the U.S. has taken that position . " He said he supported the State Department 's authorization to consular families and that "  it is important they feel safe . " Mexico on Sunday said that its government was committed to protecting all people , citizens and visitors alike , diplomats or not . "  The Mexican government deeply laments the killings of three people linked to the U.S. Consulate in Ciudad Juarez , " Mexico 's foreign ministry said in a statement . "  The Mexican authorities are working with determination to clear up the facts surrounding the crime scene and put those responsible before the law . " Juarez is one of the front lines in Mexico 's war against the drug cartels that operate in its territory . More than 2,600 people were killed in Juarez in 2009 . Juarez , across from El Paso , Texas , has become a focal point of Mexican President Felipe Calderon 's anti-drug efforts after the January 31 killings of 15 people , most of whom were students with no ties to organized crime . The incident sparked outrage across Mexico . In the western state of Guerrero , at least 25 people were killed in a series of violent acts on Saturday , state officials said . The bodies of 14 people , including nine civilians and five police officers , were found in various parts of the resort city of Acapulco , the official Notimex news agency reported , citing Guerrero Public Security Secretary Juan Heriberto Salinas . In the small city of Ajuchitlan del Progreso , 10 civilians and one soldier were killed in two shootouts that started when federal officials tried to carry out search warrants on two locations , Salinas said . Police in the state were on a heightened security alert , he said . The government has not released official figures , but national media say 7,600 Mexicans lost their lives in the war on drugs in 2009 . Calderon said last year that 6,500 Mexicans died in drug violence in 2008 . CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Jamie Crawford contributed to this report .	1-year-old child of two of the victims survives the attack Juarez mayor : "  We know that the U.S. citizens were targeted " Drive-by shootings kill U.S. employee at consulate and 2 others in Ciudad Juarez State Department warns Americans of danger of traveling to three Mexican states
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- An emotional Nancy Reagan helped unveil a statue of her late husband , President Reagan , on Wednesday , calling the 7-foot figure "  a wonderful likeness . " Nancy Reagan , with House Minority Leader John Boehner , wipes away tears at Wednesday 's event . "  I know Ronnie would be deeply honored to see himself with a permanent home in the Rotunda of the U.S. Capitol and very proud to be representing his beloved California , " Nancy Reagan said . She appeared to battle emotions as she mentioned her last visit to the marbled hall for Reagan 's memorial in June 2004 . "  It 's nice to be back under happier circumstances , " she said . Watch Nancy Reagan unveil the statue " The statue is one of two from California in the National Statuary Hall Collection donated by states to honor significant figures . Nancy Reagan stood arm-in-arm with House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio to pull down the curtain from the statue . She thanked House Speaker Nancy Pelosi of California for making the event possible . In her remarks , Pelosi noted that the former president 's statue contains pieces of the Berlin Wall , "  as a symbol of his commitment to national security and to his success . " The wall was torn down shortly after Reagan left office . "  I 'm so grateful to Californians for giving him this honor , " Nancy Reagan said . "  Artist Chas Fagan has captured his likeness so well , and I think the addition of the pieces of the Berlin Wall in the pedestal reflects my husband 's commitment to freedom and democracy for everyone . " The former president is credited with polices that led to the break-up of the former Soviet Union and the dismantling of the wall that divided Berlin as a symbol of Cold War politics . James Baker , a longtime Republican who served in the Cabinets of Reagan and President George H.W. Bush , recalled that Reagan inherited some major problems when he took office in 1981 . Citing the former president 's trademark optimism , he quoted from Reagan 's first inaugural address that "  we are not , as some would have us believe , doomed to an inevitable decline . " Nancy Reagan attended a White House ceremony Tuesday marking Barack Obama 's signing of legislation authorizing a Ronald Reagan Centennial Commission . The 11-member commission will plan activities marking Reagan 's 100th birthday on February 6 , 2011 . Reagan was president from 1981 to 1989 .	NEW : Former first lady touts husband 's "  commitment to freedom " California donated figure for Capitol Rotunda to honor former president Pelosi says statue contains pieces of Berlin Wall Commission planning events to mark 100th birthday in 2011
CNN Student News  -- October 5 , 2010 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Washington , D.C. • Germany • Massachusetts Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Broadcasting from the CNN Center in Atlanta , Georgia , CNN Student News is ringing the bell ! It is my job and pleasure to be your anchor -- I 'm Carl Azuz . In the next ten minutes , we 'll bring you up to speed on today 's headlines . First Up : Community College Plan AZUZ : First up -- McDonald 's and Gap -- they 're two of the businesses that are getting involved in a new education plan by President Obama . It 's called "  Skills for America 's Future . " And its purpose , according to the president , is to link up community college students with the businesses that could hire them . So one part of this , for example : Gap , the clothing business , says it plans to start offering community college students the chance to build their skills and possibly get jobs down the road . While talking about this , the president , who 's a Democrat , spoke out against Republicans , saying they are trying to cut education from the government 's budget by 20 percent , in order to save money . A Republican representative says it 's President Obama 's government spending that threatens education by creating debt that today 's students will have to pay for . Shoutout CNN STUDENT NEWS : Today 's Shoutout goes out to Mrs. Schweizer 's Academic Stretch classes at LaSalle Springs Middle School in Wildwood , Missouri ! The 1919 Treaty of Versailles officially ended what war ? You know what to do ! Was it : A  World War I , B  World War II , C  Hundred Years ' War , D  or the Spanish-American War ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! The Treaty of Versailles was the document that brought World War I , or the Great War , to an end . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout . End of Great War AZUZ : Well , in a manner of speaking , it ended with the Treaty of Versailles . See , World War I was completely over this weekend . You 're like , "  what ? " Listen to this : As part of the Treaty of Versailles , Germany -- who was blamed for starting the Great War -- was fined the equivalent of hundreds of billions of dollars . The money was needed to rebuild Europe , parts of which were decimated by shelling , gunning , bombing , in the most destructive war the world had ever seen at the time . But Germany , who 'd just been defeated , had trouble paying all that money . And for awhile , under Adolf Hitler , it refused to pay that money . Well , flash forward to the 1990s . Decades after World War II and the division of east and west Germany , the country was once again reunited in 1995 . And it took up the job of paying back what it still owed from World War I . The last installment of interest , dating back to the 1919 Treaty of Versailles , was finally paid on October 3rd , 2010 . Ocean Census AZUZ : Well , it was on October 4th , 2010 that results came out from a census on the world 's oceans . This took time , work and money : 10 years to survey marine life , 2,700 scientists from around the world , $ 650 million . It 's not easy to take a census of the waters that cover 70 percent of the Earth 's surface . Here 's the big headline from the report : There are more ocean species than even scientists imagined . One-million-plus , when they used to think there were only a quarter of that ! Also interesting -- estimates of what scientists still do n't know . For example , more than 16,000 species of fish have been identified . They now think that an additional 5,000 species still have n't been discovered . In the words of one researcher : Life in the sea "  astonished us everywhere we looked . " Bullying in Schools AZUZ : This week , CNN is focused on the issue of bullying in schools : What causes it and what can be done to stop it . Last school year , we took an informal survey at CNNStudentNews.com asking how many of you had ever witnessed bullying . 87 percent said they had . A student who recently spoke with CNN 's Anderson Cooper , described how being bullied made him feel . BEGIN VIDEO ANDERSON COOPER , CNN ANCHOR , ANDERSON COOPER 360 ° , NEW YORK : Jason , how about you ? JASON , BULLYING VICTIM : I guess I was bullied on a regular daily basis from April of last year until the end of this school year . One day this school year now I saw him and he punched me in the throat . That was n't cool . COOPER : He just punched you . JASON : Yeah . I did n't even see him coming , he just came out of nowhere and hit me . But he would probably just be calling me names , all because I was smarter than him or the music that I listen to . Just pretty much if I was different from him , he would find a name to call me that was related to the difference and just call me that name . And its like after a while , after so much of this stuff they tell you , you start to believe it and you start to think that it 's your own fault . Many kids that I know just think that its their own fault so they actually change themselves and change their appearance just to try and fit in . And bullies spawn other bullies because like in the beginning . They pick on other kids to keep themselves from being picked on COOPER : I was n't bullied very much in school , but I remember folks who were and I think I was just probably a bystander , I think which makes me probably as culpable as those who bully because I just stood by and just watched other people being bullied . But , meeting the people who were bullies at my high school reunion , and then meeting kids who had been bullied , the ones who had been bullied were actually the most interesting people , because they were the ones who back then were kind kind of different in one way or another and back then difference was made fun of , but in real life , as soon as you leave school , difference is what makes you special and unique and makes you interesting . END VIDEO Blog Report AZUZ : Could n't agree with him more . At CNNStudentNews.com , we recently asked what you think the worst form of bullying is . The results so far : 35 percent say it 's physical bullying . 37 percent say verbal . 28 percent say cyber . One thing you all seem to agree on , what Valerie says right here : "  All types of bullying are horrible . Spreading around rumors can be just as bad as a punch to the face . " Becka agrees . She says "  verbal and physical bullying are worst ; they mess with your head and make you think you 're worthless . " Lucas feels "  the most common form of bullying has to be verbal . It 's hard to prove , hard to catch , and hard to ignore . " Seth says "  cyber and verbal bullying can be shaken off , but physical bullying can leave you with bumps and bruises . " But Grason writes , whoever said "  sticks and stones may break my bones , but words will never hurt me " has obviously never been to middle school . " All of you have had very good comments on this subject -- thank you for talking to us about it . Is This Legit ? CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? New York 's Madison Avenue is a symbol of the U.S. finance industry . Not legit ! New York City 's Madison Avenue is most closely associated with the advertising industry . Ads on School Notices AZUZ : It 'd be interesting to see what Madison Avenue thinks of this : a school 's plan to allow advertisements on the back of school notices that elementary kids take home . So syllabuses , permission slips , notes that kids are given for their parents to look at , those could soon have these on the back : Advertisements for local businesses . This is the plan at Peabody Public Schools in Massachusetts . The reason for it , we 've covered a lot this year . The schools need money , and this is one way to raise it . Here 's how a member of the Peabody School Committee explained the reasons behind the plan . DAVID MCGENEY , PEABODY SCHOOL COMMITTEE MEMBER : Well , we can only go to the taxpayers so often . They 're tapped out . The parents are certainly tapped out , with all of the fees that they 're incurring . So I thought it was time to bring in the business element and make it entirely voluntary and try to raise money that way . AZUZ : But the Campaign for a Commercial-Free Childhood is one group that 's not on board with this . Here 's what they say : "  It is not hard to imagine that students who serve as couriers for ads for pizza parlors and ice cream shops will lobby their parents to go to these locations the second they get home . Participating in this advertising scheme may actually cause a backlash against businesses since parents may view them as exploiters instead of community partners . Blog Promo AZUZ : You could really go either way on this which is why it makes for a great blog ! How would you react if your little brother brought home a permission slip , with an advertisement on the back ? Would you feel he 's being taken advantage of or that it 's a good way for his school to get needed funds ? CNNStudentNews.com ! Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , a tale of two bacons . There 's the actor Kevin Bacon and then there 's the bacon you put on your salad , or potatoes , or sculpture . The edible icon -- we 're talking about the bacon made of bacon , of course -- came from a man at a bacon salt company . He did this to raise money for kids at a children 's hospital . The dough he makes from this bacon would be used to buy needy kids balloons , gifts and toys . Goodbye AZUZ : Who would 've thought that bacon , could 've been so sweet ? CNN Student news will be bakin ' up stories for you all week on HLN , on iTunes , and online . We 'll see ya later !	Hear why some say that World War I actually ended last Sunday Discover what scientists have learned about marine biodiversity Weigh in on a plan to put ads on school notices Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  Ladies , stop flaunting your sexuality . You 're scaring people . Beyonce , I 'm talking to you ! Daring to flash your lady parts in front of great big sign that reads "  feminist ? " What are you thinking ? Queen Bey , do n't you realize your racy lyrics and dirty dancing are emasculating a whole generation of young men , promoting lesbianism  so implies Sandy Rios , FOX contributor  , and celebrating "  gangsta culture " that causes the collapse of black families . Mike Huckabee -- that is , wants-to be-President Mike Huckabee -- spelled it out in his book , "  God , Guns , Grits and Gravy . " He writes : "  Beyonce is incredibly talented -- gifted , in fact . She has an exceptional set of pipes and can actually sing . She is a terrific dancer -- without the explicit moves best left for the privacy of her bedroom . Jay Z is a very shrewd businessman , but I wonder : Does it occur to him that he is arguably crossing the line from husband to pimp by exploiting his wife as a sex object ? " Yes , Bey , your hubby , Jay Z , is "  pimping you out . " Even some conservative women were taken aback at that one . "  Should n't he be focusing on bigger things ? Like national security ? " asked Crystal Wright , the editor of Blackchick.com . "  Beyonce is a great mom , " she told me . "  She got married before she had a baby . She 's a great businesswoman . Maybe he  Huckabee  needs to come to terms with the fact we live in the 21st century . " I know ! So , what is up with all this Beyonce bashing ? "  Poor Beyonce , I know , she 's like , ' I just put on my bodysuit ! ' -- what she did was amazing ! " says Anushay Hossain , a global women 's rights expert and editor-in-chief of AnushaysPoint.com . She told me , in a fabulously spirited way , that some people bash Beyonce because she sends out the "  scariest " message possible : "  Feminism is cool . " Yeah , Anushay , feminists might be cool , but you might not realize they can also project evil on unsuspecting victims . After all , do n't they play a role in the pedophilia of some priests ? Or what a new movement terms the "  Emangelization " of the Catholic Church . Thank goodness the Washington Post 's Terrance McCoy exposed Cardinal Raymond Leo Burke 's "  manifesto . " The good Cardinal told a website called the New Emangelization that he believes the "  radical feminist movement " of the 1960s and '70s drove the "  manly priests " from the altar . "  There was a period of time when men who were feminized and confused about their own sexual identity had entered the priesthood ; sadly some of these disordered men sexually abused minors ; a terrible tragedy for which the Church mourns . " Wow ! I ca n't imagine why Pope Francis ever demoted Cardinal Burke to the spiritual adviser for The Knights of Malta . "  A number of men -- and women -- reject feminism because they fear that it will destroy the social order that they are comfortable with , " Frances Negron-Muntaner told me . She 's the director of the study of Ethnicity and Race at Columbia University . As for the fear of all things Beyonce , she added , "  A powerful black woman with Beyonce 's values may be seen by some as a threat -- to their racial and gender privileges , world view , and way of life . " Ah , I totally get it now . I just did n't know I , as a feminist , was so damned powerful .	Carol Costello : Huckabee , others slamming Beyonce for her sexuality in performances She says Catholic cardinal said feminists drove priests from altar , contributed to pedophilia Costello : Scholar : Some view powerful black woman with Beyonce 's values as threat to their worldview
London  CNN  -- Britain 's royal family has long been taunted for its German roots , but now a more exotic lineage can be revealed after evidence emerged indicating that Prince William is the direct descendant of an Indian woman . The Duke of Cambridge 's maternal lineage was revealed on Friday by a genetic ancestry testing company , BritainsDNA , which carried out tests on the DNA of Princess Diana 's two matrilineal cousins and compared them to a global database of samples . Those tests reveal that the prince 's fourth great-grandmother was the daughter of Eliza Kewark and Theodore Forbes  1788-1820  , a Scottish merchant who worked in Surat , north of what is now Mumbai . Kewark 's mitochondrial DNA -- which is only passed on from mother to child -- was then passed down , the company says , through the couple 's daughter and female descendants , one of whom , Frances Roche  1936-2004  , married Earl Spencer and bore a daughter , Lady Diana Spencer , the prince 's mother . Jim Wilson , chief scientist at BritainsDNA , told CNN the discovery means "  William probably has a very small amount  of Indian DNA  , maybe half a percent will be of South Asian heritage . " "  The mitochondrial DNA will not be passed on to the child of William and Kate , " he added . "  But because we also did some testing on the other DNA of his cousins , we could see that they had little bits of Indian DNA across their genome , so it 's quite likely that William has a few other bits of Indian DNA , and he could well pass them on to the child . " Prince William 's wife , Catherine , the Duchess of Cambridge , is expecting the couple 's first child . Buckingham Palace declined to comment .	Prince William is the direct descendant of an Indian woman , genetic ancestry company says The prince 's fourth great-grandmother was the daughter of Theodore Forbes Forbes was Scottish merchant who worked in Surat , north of what is now Mumbai Prince William 's wife , Catherine , is expecting the couple 's first child
CNN  -- This month , if everything goes according to schedule , your Internet service provider may begin monitoring your account , just to make sure you are n't doing anything wrong with it -- like sharing copyrighted movie or music files . While we might all agree that copyright holders need to be protected , we may not all be equally happy about all of our communications being checked for violations . People and businesses who are not doing anything illegal may still have some things they wish to hide from their Internet access providers . Under normal circumstances , your Internet service provider , or ISP , tries to protect you and your data from spying eyes . Cablevision , Time Warner Cable  an independent company no longer directly affiliated with TimeWarner , the parent of CNN and this site  and Comcast utilize all sorts of software to keep the connections between our modems and their servers safe . They also encourage us to keep our home networks secure from eavesdroppers . But what are we supposed to do when the eavesdropper is the ISP itself ? This is the most disturbing question raised by a new alliance among America 's biggest ISPs and media giants such as Disney , Sony and Fox , which is to go into effect this month . The effort , dubbed the Center for Copyright Information , hopes to combat the illegal downloading and sharing of movies and music by monitoring it at the source - your computer . Until now , it was up to movie and music companies to figure out when their stuff was being illegally shared . This was a little tricky , because files are n't stored on just one user 's computer . Hundreds or thousands of sharers have bits and pieces of stolen files , for downloaders to reassemble into songs or movies . So movie companies have been searching online for copies of their own movies , identifying the locations of everyone from whom they received a bit of data . Then they contact the Internet service providers , who send letters of warning to subscribers ' homes . A number of clever workarounds , including certain kinds of encryption or the use of "  proxy " servers in other countries , have helped advanced users of file-sharing software stay one step ahead of the movie companies . If a file sharer appears to be working out of New Guinea , say , the movie studio ca n't rely on a friendly ISP to find an illegal downloader here in the United States . As I understand the new agreement and subsequent comments , which are about as cryptic as a copy-protected DVD , ISP 's have agreed to implement a standardized "  graduated response plan " through which offending users are warned , restricted and eventually cut off from the Internet for successive violations . The companies are supposed to be developing systems that keep track of all this , so that the letters and usage restrictions happen automatically . The fact that they are all agreeing to participate makes it harder for any one company to win the disgruntled customers of those who have been disciplined by another . But now that they 're free from individual blame , there 's also the strong possibility that the ISPs will be doing the data monitoring directly . That 's a much bigger deal . So instead of reaching out to the Internet to track down illegally flowing bits of their movies , the studios will sit back while ISP 's "  sniff " the packets of data coming to and from their customers ' computers . While they 're simply claiming to be protecting copyright holders , ISPs have a lot to gain from all this as well . For instance , in many cases the Internet subscriber might have no knowledge of the infraction that the ISP detects . A houseguest might log onto one 's home network simply to check e-mail . Because his sharing software might be running in the background  even when he 's not downloading files himself  he is in effect sharing his own movie files wherever he goes . Your ISP sniffs the packets , so you are nabbed . The same is true for those of us who run "  open networks " so that neighbors and others nearby can get free Internet access when they need it .  In the old days , that used to be considered polite . Once sharing a network connection becomes a legal liability , our already privatized access channels will become less a community resource . And the ISP 's will have the pleasure of selling individual subscriptions to neighbors who used to share . Worse , subscribers will be losing their expectation of privacy from their own service providers . While most of us are n't too worried about someone at an Internet provider seeing our messages to Aunt Sophie , businesses , law firms or hospitals who use the Internet to communicate privileged information might have more reservations . If monitoring of data streams becomes de rigueur , what 's to stop an ISP  or a particularly unscrupulous or bribable employee  from monitoring its competitors ' communications ? Admittedly , such scenarios are only as outlandish as the possibility that Murdoch newspapers could successfully bribe Scotland Yard . As Internet security expert Josh Klein explained to me , "  Honestly , the prohibition made more sense than this . " To protect his own data , he already uses servers outside the United States , and fears other companies may soon feel the need to do the same : "  The risk of losing their ` net -LSB- access -RSB- because someone accidentally streamed the wrong thing is a business prerogative significant enough to tunnel all their traffic to a country that provides sensible data privacy laws . How much long after that until the rest of the company gets off-shored ? " Whether the agreement promises to unleash such demons has yet to be seen . For the time being , though , the practice of preventing abuse by restricting peer-to-peer activity appears doomed only to escalate the arms race between consumers and their producers . The longer term solution would be to develop an appropriate social contract : conducting ourselves online under the same civilized behavioral norms that keep us from , say , stealing stuff from one another 's homes even though we could probably get away with it . It 's not really that hard , and it 's worth figuring out before the privilege of free interaction is taken away from us - along with any expectation of privacy . Only by strengthening people 's ability to distinguish between sharing and stealing will we be able to build a society capable of surviving our networks . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Your Internet service provider may soon begin monitoring your account He says new alliance of Fox , Disney , Sony , big ISPs to detect , stop online piracy He says new plan lets ISP 's keep track of , punish offenders , but could take in the innocent Rushkoff : Subscribers will be losing expectation of privacy from their own service providers
CNN  -- Bill Haslam , the mayor of Knoxville and considered a moderate Republican , easily won the Tennessee GOP primary for governor Thursday , the Associated Press projected . With 76 percent of the state 's precincts in , AP reported Haslam had 48.2 percent of the vote as he defeated Congressman Zach Wamp and Lt. Gov. Ron Ramsey . Halsam , who helped fund some of his own campaign , will now face Mike McWherter , a Democratic businessman and son of a former governor . The race is to succeed Gov. Phil Bredesen , a Democrat , who is prevented by term limits from running for a third term . Political handicappers think Republicans have a good shot at winning back the governor 's office . Republican Governors Association spokesman Tim Murtaugh in a statement : "  Bill Haslam emerges as a strong candidate headed toward November , having beaten a pair of qualified office holders in a spirited primary . As Tennessee faces great economic challenges , Bill Haslam will be a strong voice for job creation , fiscal restraint and individual freedom . "  A successful mayor and businessman , he has the leadership experience necessary to create jobs and grow the economy . We look forward to seeing him elected the next governor of Tennessee . " Democratic Governors Association executive director Nathan Daschle said , "  Mike McWherter has spent his career growing jobs and strengthening the economy . The only thing Bill Haslam has increased in his career is Knoxville 's taxes and unemployment rate . " "  Voters are looking for someone with the know-how to move the state in the right direction , and that candidate is Mike McWherter , " Daschle added . The race grabbed national attention last month because of controversial comments by two of the challengers . Wamp appeared to suggest that Tennessee should consider secession in light of mandates forced on the states by the Obama administration 's health care bill . The eight-term congressman later stepped back from those comments . Ramsey also drew attention to himself last month after he was seen in a YouTube video questioning whether Islam is a religion . He was expressing his opposition to the expansion of a mosque in Murfreesboro , Tennessee , which has become a hot-button issue in the city about 35 miles southeast of Nashville . Ramsey , who has been endorsed by 20 Tea Party organizations , said he is a supporter of religious freedoms , but such protections may not extend to bringing "  Shariah -LSB- Islamic -RSB- law into the state of Tennessee ... into the United States . " "  Now , you could even argue whether being a Muslim is actually a religion , or is it a nationality , way of life , a cult , whatever you want to call it , " he continued . "  But certainly we do protect our religions , but at the same time , this is something we are going to have to face . " Following criticism , Ramsey defended his comments , saying , "  My concern is that far too much of Islam has come to resemble a violent political philosophy more than peace-loving religion . " In a high-profile Congressional primary , AP projected two-term Democratic Rep. Steve Cohen overwhelmingly defeated former Memphis Mayor Willie Herenton . The campaign in the 9th District , which covers Memphis and has a large African-American population , was dominated by race . With 78 percent of precincts in , AP says Cohen had 79.4 percent of the vote to Herenton 's 20.6 percent . Herenton has been urging voters to elect him as the only African-American member of the state 's congressional delegation , saying , "  It is as if only white people live in the great state of Tennessee . No African-Americans . I believe that it is very clear to the majority of the citizens of this community that we lack representation . " Cohen , who served as a state lawmaker in the area before being elected to Congress , has campaigned on what he 's done for education and health care in the area . "  I represent everybody and I work hard for people to get them opportunities . And I just think that race should not be an issue in 2010 , " he said . President Barack Obama and the Congressional Black Caucus backed Cohen . AP projected Stephen Fincher the winner in the 8th District Republican primary . Finch has 50 percent of the vote over Ron Kirkland at 24.6 percent and George Flinn at 22.2 percent . The race , for Rep. John Tanner 's seat , is noteworthy because the Center for Responsible Politics has called it the most expensive House primary in the country , Finch will face Roy Herron , the projected winner of the Democratic primary , in November AP projects him the winner in the Democratic 8th District Primary .	NEW : Cohen is projected winner of GOP 9th district primary Knoxville Mayor Bill Haslam has 48 percent of the vote in the GOP tgovernor 's primary The GOP winner will face Democrat Mike McWherter The GOP race grabbed national attention last month
Editor 's note : This post was created as a collaborative effort between the editorial staffs of BuzzFeed and CNN . BuzzFeed/CNN  -- In Cairo 's Tahrir Square , there 's a familiar pulse of a revolution . Since last week 's ouster of the nation 's first democratically elected president , Mohamed Morsy , Egypt has been gripped by violence as rival sides battle for control . Egypt unrest : Ramadan begins and the military asks for trust The context can be confusing to outsiders . So here are eight issues about which Egyptians are upset . ElBaradei : Morsy 's ouster was needed so Egypt can not ` fail ' If you are reading this on mobile or some outdated browser , you wo n't be able to see this story in full . Click here instead . Are you in Egypt ? Send us your experiences , but please stay safe . .	Egypt 's economy is one of the key motivators of unrest Other obstacles include violence against women , fuel shortages Military ousted former President Mohamed Morsy from office last week Follow CNN Living on Facebook and Twitter
Travel + Leisure  -- When you 're dining at a revolving restaurant 250 feet above Cape Town , you expect the views to be fantastic . The real surprise is when the food appears -- and it 's excellent . What better way to savor a beautiful city than from this vantage point : a window seat at a revolving restaurant where the shifting views complement the gourmet courses . At Cape Town 's Top of the Ritz , that means pairings of just-caught mussels with a view of iconic Table Mountain , spicy curry-butternut soup with the sandstone Twelve Apostle peaks , rack of lamb with beaches , and dessert with the sunset dipping below the Atlantic . Travel + Leisure : America 's rudest people Over the past 50 years , revolving restaurants have opened in more than 50 countries on six continents , from Colombia to Nepal to Canada . Along the way , the concept has gone from futuristic novelty to often-tacky tourist traps . But set aside that skepticism : we 've pinpointed select revolving restaurants that are worth the price of admission . The revolving restaurant trend took flight in 1961 , when Seattle architect John Graham built one on top of a shopping center in Hawaii . A year later Graham was commissioned to design the Space Needle for the upcoming World 's Fair in his hometown , and brought the idea with him . The resulting ultramodern tower not only became an enduring icon of this Northwest city , it brought 20,000 awed visitors to the Space Needle restaurant each day of the World 's Fair , setting off a global craze for revolving restaurants . Far too many successors get by on their looks alone , serving generic , overpriced dishes that typically invite the harsh review : "  killer views , mediocre food . " Munich 's Restaurant 181 rises above that revolving restaurant reputation and has become one of the city 's most coveted dining spots . It even earned a Michelin star for chef Otto Koch 's concoctions , such as morel-crusted veal and langoustine tartare on a bed of caviar . Koch introduced airplane-esque classes of dining , from the First  eight courses , including the caviar , for $ 209  to the Economy Sunset Menu , a three-course prix fixe at a down-to-earth $ 52 . That 's about as frugal as you get at these revolving restaurants , which each deliver a once-in-a-lifetime meal that ca n't be duplicated anywhere else . Give them a spin . Travel + Leisure : World 's most beautiful subway stations Perlan : Reykjavik , Iceland Built above a geothermal spring , Perlan serves a practical function -- storing the city 's water tanks -- and the indulgent one of fine dining in its giant glass dome . Enter , and you 're greeted by sweeping views of the deep-blue ocean and volcanic mountains surrounding Reykjavik . Get your fill of fresh local seafood such as sous vide smoked trout  $ 20  and , in autumn , a special wild game buffet  $ 73  of Icelandic delicacies like wild goose , reindeer , and puffin . Heads Up : Strókur , a geyser right outside the restaurant , can provide quite the mealtime show , shooting white plumes of steam high into the air . Top of the World : Las Vegas Every glittering light of the Las Vegas Strip can be seen from this 844-foot-high restaurant -- the crown of the Stratosphere Casino , Hotel & Tower . The extravagant four-course tasting menu mixes classics such as lobster bisque and filet mignon with more inventive dishes like roasted miso Mediterranean loup de mer with shoyu ginger glaze , followed by crème brûlée and cheesecake lollipops . Heads Up : Do n't be alarmed if you see a person propel past your window -- the new SkyJump thrill ride leaves from right above the restaurant . Summit Restaurant : Sydney Red carpets , pink-tinged lighting , and sleek lounge furniture create a sultry vibe within this dining room , which revolves past the Sydney Opera House , Harbour Bridge , and Olympic Park . Australian TV chef-lebrity Michael Moore put local reef snapper and pan-fried quail breasts on the two-course dinner menu  $ 89  . For a more low-key meal , head to the Orbit Lounge Bar and pair an Aussie craft beer like Lord Nelson Old Admiral Strong Ale  $ 10  with small bites such as deep-fried whitebait -- small and savory herring-like fish  $ 16  . Heads Up : On a clear day , you can see the lush Blue Mountains surrounding the city . Drehrestaurant Allalin : Saas-Fee , Switzerland The world 's highest revolving restaurant is on top of a glacier 11,000 feet above sea level , reached by a remarkable alpine subway . A dozen of the highest peaks in the Swiss Alps slowly swirl by as diners warm up with hearty Swiss-German fare like kalbsbratwurst  veal sausage  with hash-brown-like rösti  $ 32  , and Älplermakkaroni : macaroni in a creamy cheese sauce with ham , bacon , potatoes , and stewed apples  $ 32  . If you 're still frostbitten , a glass of mulled glühwein wine  $ 9  should do the trick . Heads Up : Look southeast toward Italy ; if visibility is good , you can see as far as Milan . Restaurant 181 : Munich Chef Otto Koch 's acclaimed restaurant inside the Olympic Tower was recently awarded its first Michelin star . Named for its placement 181 meters above ground , the restaurant has three airplane-esque options . In 181 First , the opulent eight-course tasting menu  $ 209  starts with langoustine tartare on a bed of sevruga caviar ; 181 Business offers à la carte dishes like morel-crusted veal  $ 43  ; while the best value is 181 Economy 's Sunset Menu , serving a three-course prix fixe  $ 52  from 6 p.m. to 8 p.m. Heads Up : Do n't get lost in the long view of the Bavarian Alps ; one of the city 's architectural triumphs , the canopied Olympic Stadium inspired by Alpine peaks , is directly below . Travel + Leisure : America 's most scenic roads Top of the Ritz : Cape Town Wedged in between the Atlantic Ocean and towering Table Mountain -- with the new World Cup Stadium to the north and posh Camps Bay beaches to the south -- this dining room showcases Cape Town 's main attractions in one gradual revolution . The menu , meanwhile , covers traditional South Africa fare , dishes like ostrich carpaccio  $ 7  and a salad of biltong  beef jerky  and goat cheese  $ 7  , plus plenty of wine from the vineyards of nearby Stellenbosch . Heads Up : Robben Island , the offshore prison where Nelson Mandela was held for 18 years , is immediately to the north . SkyCity : Seattle Atop the Space Needle , in the space that ignited the revolving craze decades ago , SkyCity remains the best place for panoramic views of Seattle , Puget Sound , and snowcapped Mount Rainier . Fortunately , the menu is not stuck in the '60s . Chef Jeff Maxfield puts creative twists on Northwest classics , from Dungeness crab cakes with apple-fennel slaw and herbed aioli  $ 13  to grilled wild king salmon with blueberry butter , wilted pea vines , and micro herbs  $ 47  . Heads Up : It 's hard to beat a multicolored sunset over the Olympic Mountains across the sound . Restaurant Näsinneula : Tampere , Finland A hundred miles north of Helsinki , this 550-foot lakefront tower in quaint Tampere is hardly a tourist trap ; its restaurant is consistently mentioned as one of the best in Finland . Local , seasonal ingredients such as just-picked morel mushrooms in spring or vendace roe from Lake Näsijärvi  right outside the windows  in winter are incorporated throughout the menu . You 'll just have to trust that some items -- such as parfait of white chocolate with juice of sea buckthorn shrub  $ 16  -- are more delicious than they sound . Heads Up : When the seasons change in October , the red-orange-yellow leaf-peeping here is as good as in Vermont . Brasserie Le Phare de la Méditerranée : Palavas-les-Flots , France Down the coast from the glitzy resorts of the French Riviera , this quaint former fishing village lies on a strip of sand dunes that separates two saltwater lakes from the Mediterranean . Atop an old water tower converted into a cultural center , Le Phare overlooks area lakes and beaches , while serving dishes that emphasize local bounty -- from mussels and oysters to shrimp and lobster -- to the mostly French vacationers . Heads Up : In spring and summer , the lagoon directly below the tower is often dotted with pink flamingos . The Sky at New Otani Tower : Tokyo It 's hard to know which way to look when Tokyo 's skyscrapers are spinning by on one side and an array of master chefs are working at lightning speed in the giant stage kitchen on the other . The dinner buffet highlights fresh seafood from Tokyo 's famed Tsukiji Market , which you can request sautéed , grilled , steamed , or cooked tempura in front of you  $ 108  . Additional stations prepare sushi and teppanyaki -- prime Japanese beef grilled on a hot iron plate at your table . Heads Up : After dinner , head higher up to the 40th-floor bar for an even more impressive view of Mount Fuji and the Eiffelesque Tokyo Tower . Travel + Leisure : World 's coolest helicopter rides Planning a romantic getaway ? Do n't miss Travel + Leisure 's guide to the World 's Most Romantic Hotels . Copyright 2011 American Express Publishing Corporation . All rights reserved .	In the past 50 years , revolving restaurants have opened in more than 50 countries Drehrestaurant Allalin , the highest revolving restaurant , is on top of a Swiss glacier Top of the World is the crown of the Stratosphere Casino , Hotel & Tower in Las Vegas
CNN  -- It was bound to happen eventually . But Marc Marquez has looked so utterly indomitable since the start of the MotoGP season in March , that it still felt strange when it did . The immaculate Spaniard finally succumbed to racing mortality in the Czech Republic , failing to win for the first time in 2014 . The fact that he did n't even make the podium in Brno just over two weeks ago made it seem even stranger . This Sunday , at one of motorsport 's fastest and most famous tracks -- the UK 's Silverstone -- Marquez will be seeking to bounce back . What 's more , the youngest world champion in motorcycling 's elite class is feeling relaxed now that his record-equaling 10-race winning run has ended . "  I feel a little bit less pressure , " he told CNN this week , "  because nobody will ask me again if I can win all the races . " The brutally quick Silverstone circuit is also one that the ever-smiling 21-year-old enjoys , in spite of the dependably capricious British weather . "  I always feel good there , and we try to be ready for rain conditions and for dry conditions because the forecast is really unstable , but this year looks okay -- we will try to enjoy it , and try to do our best , " said the Honda rider , who last year finished second at Silverstone in his debut season in MotoGP . Marquez 's teammate and compatriot Dani Pedrosa finally managed to put one over on his young rival in Brno , and goes into the race contented following his first victory since Malaysia last October . He is second overall in the standings , 77 points behind Marquez with seven races to go . "  We had a great weekend in Brno and a good test on the Monday , " said the 28-year-old , who was third here in 2013 . "  We had quite a good race here last year , I had to recover some gap to the front but it was good . I 'm happy to be here and the weather is looking good , so hopefully we can have a strong weekend . " Former champion Jorge Lorenzo , seeking to improve on two consecutive runner-up finishes , is sensing that the season might be finally coming together for him and his factory Yamaha . "  After three consecutive podiums I feel good , " said the Spaniard , who has won at Silverstone three of the past last four years . "  Last weekend in Brno we found some good solutions that surely will give us at least a tenth  of a second  in the next races . " Almost 160,000 spectators swarmed to last year 's British MotoGP , and those gathering this year will dine on an unexpected feast of homegrown riders in the premier class . Among them is Scott Redding , a rookie MotoGP rider who knows all about beating Marquez -- because he 's done it , albeit in the sport 's lower classes . Redding won the Moto2 race here last year , and also triumphed in the 125 cc class back in 2008 as a 15-year-old . He 's been on podium four out of six times at his home event . "  I like the character of Silverstone , a fast-flowing track , big open areas , with speed , and that 's what gives you adrenaline , " the 21-year-old said . Redding also enjoys the atmosphere of his home crowd : "  I do n't look at it as pressure . I look at it as support . I feel like every one of the fans that are cheering -- even if they 're cheering for Marc Marquez -- it feels like they 're cheering for me . " Riding an Open-class Gresini Honda means , however , that he will not be troubling the podium this year -- his bike is way off the pace . "  It is a bit annoying and it does disappoint me a bit , " he explained . Rumors that Redding will be riding a factory spec bike next year are welcomed by Marquez . "  I hope Scott is on a factory Honda next year as I think he 's got good potential , " the world champion told Bike Social . "  I enjoyed riding with him in Moto2 , he 's a really good rider , really aggressive and keeps pushing all the time . " Bradley Smith , riding for the satellite Yamaha Tech team , is currently the Briton most likely to break into the top five . With the ink barely dry on a new contract for next season , the thoughtful 23-year-old is in good spirits . "  I know the team well ; I 'll be going into my fifth season , I know the bike now , so it 's good , " he told CNN . "  I do n't really want to have to learn a new motorcycle and how to ride it . " Smith admits the Marquez domination was embarrassing for his fellow riders , and expects the Repsol Honda man to bounce straight back after his Brno blip . "  It was hard work ... it makes us look rubbish at the end of the day . It 's monotonous , it 's the same old Marc , Marc , Marc , Marc , which I understand , " Smith said . "  I expect him to come out fighting at Silverstone , but now that 's given confidence to Dani , Jorge and Valentino  Rossi  , that they have got a chance , and there is a slight weakness , and they 've just got to keep opening that up . " Last year all British eyes were on the charismatic , straight-talking Cal Crutchlow , who had amazed spectators in 2012 by registering a sixth place from the back of the grid while riding with a freshly broken ankle . Last year 's race was disappointing , however , and this year he is enduring an ordeal of a season with Ducati . "  I normally leave here on Sunday night completely smashed on drugs that they 've given me from the medical center , " Crutchlow joked at a recent media event held by British broadcaster BT Sport . He puts his British MotoGP crashes down to simply trying too hard : "  Problem was I wanted to win too early , I never saved it for the race ; I wanted to win the practices . " Crutchlow believes that Marquez 's dominance has benefited the sport : "  It 's not boring , because people were tuning in to see if he 'd win again . He dominated most of the races ; he was really playing with people . " He also reckons the Spaniard was unlucky in Brno . "  We know he had a tire problem , as did a lot of the riders over the weekend , and I think he would have put up a lot more of a fight than he did . " The three top Brits all see positive signs for the future of the sport in the UK . The British MotoGP is moving to a Â # 280 million  $ 460 million  new purpose-built complex in Wales in 2016 . "  It 's a fantastic facility , and looks great for motorcycle racing in general , " Smith said . Redding , however , warns that Britain -- and the world -- has a long way to go to match Spain . "  You go to Spain and it 's a completely different ball game . I spent the last two years training in Spain , and that 's what 's changed me as a rider , " he told CNN . "  You see riders at the age of six come in on their lunch break from school , go an hour riding and then go back to school ... the passion you get there is unbelievable and it makes a massive difference . "	Marc Marquez is seeking to bounce back at this weekend 's British Grand Prix The MotoGP leader finished fourth in Brno , ending his unbeaten run in 2014 Honda teammate Dani Pedrosa is only other rider to win a race this season Yamaha 's Jorge Lorenzo seeking his third successive Silverstone success
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . VBS.TV is Vice 's broadband television network . The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  VBS.TV  -- Most people are never really alone . Living here in New York , we 're constantly surrounded by others . Even in the state 's biggest wilderness , the Adirondacks , you ca n't get more than 15 miles or so from civilization . Similar levels of population density can be found in most of the lower 48 states . So when we heard about Heimo and Edna Korth , a couple who live 150 miles above the Arctic Circle and 60 miles from their nearest neighbors , we had to go meet them . The Korths reside in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge , an area about the size of South Carolina in the northeast corner of the state . It is bordered by the Beaufort Sea on the north and Canada 's Yukon to the east . There are other people living in the refuge -- Inuit in Kaktovik and the Gwich ` in of Arctic Village -- but as far as we know , the Korths are the most isolated humans in the area . They live in the most remote location in America and sustain themselves by hunting , fishing and trapping . They 've lived like this for more than 30 years , raising a family in the process and all the while dealing with grizzly bears and temperatures that dip as low as minus-50 degrees Fahrenheit . Their home turf is inhospitable in the truest sense of the word . See the rest of Heimo 's Arctic Refuge at VBS.TV As much as Heimo Korth truly is the Final Frontiersman , he 's no Luddite . He uses lots of modern tools : guns , the radio , a satellite phone , a chainsaw and , most important , a gasoline-powered snow machine  a snowmobile in recreational terms  to check his miles of traps . In the wake of the BP spill , the refuge has received renewed attention from the "  drill , baby , drill " crowd , which refuses to ever let a good crisis go to waste . Their claims that the refuge is uninhabited will ring particularly hollow after you watch the above video and catch a glimpse inside the Korths ' lives . They are , after all , Americans and seem to be doing their own thing in their own time , which is perhaps the most American activity of all . Still , we did n't set out to make a documentary about the politics of oil drilling . That 's boring and has been done a million times already . What we wanted was to tell the story of a pair of the last Americans who use well-honed skills to survive solely off the land , skills that we are losing at our own peril . The Korths supplement their myriad abilities with the benefits of oil-based products and machines . They understand the necessity of oil . We all do .	Heimo and Edna Korth have lived isolated life for 30 years , raising family in wilderness In an area the size of South Carolina , their nearest neighbors are more than 60 miles away VBS visits Korths , calls area one of most inhospitable environments in North America
CNN  -- Are you reading this article on your cell phone or tablet ? These days , that makes you pretty normal , especially if you 're American , according to a recent report from comScore . According to comScore , which tracks these sort of things , 55 % of the 234 million cell phone subscribers in the U.S. are getting at least some of their media diet via mobile devices . Only Japan and the UK had higher levels of mobile media usage . People in the United States increasingly purchase more than one device to help them consume all this mobile content . According to comScore , 14 % of U.S. cell phone subscribers also own a tablet -- the highest percentage in any of the countries comScore examined . In contrast , fewer than 5 % of Japanese mobile subscribers also own a tablet . "  In less than two years , nearly 40 million tablets were in use among mobile subscribers in the U.S. , outpacing smartphones -- which took seven years to achieve the same level of adoption , " comScore noted . Driving this sharp growth was the expanded array of Android tablet options , especially Amazon 's Kindle Fire , released in late 2011 . Also , the iPad 2 release yielded another spike in tablet ownership . Does this mean people are shifting their media experience away from computers and smartphones -- or broadcast and print media -- to tablets ? Not necessarily . Here 's what comScore has to say on the matter : "  As tablets gain popularity among users , they are not replacing mobile phones or computers . Rather , it would seem that tablets are supplementing a multi-device diet that is increasingly becoming the norm among consumers . ... While smartphones may have provided consumers with a first taste of mobile Internet connectivity , tablets have furthered the rise of the ` digital omnivore ' -- consumers who now go about their days engaging seamlessly through multiple online touchpoints . " Seamlessly ? Well , sort of . A "  seamless " cross-device media experience implies that you can easily pick up where you left off when switching devices . This is the case when reading Kindle e-books , whether via the Kindle smartphone or tablet app , on a Kindle e-reader or Kindle Fire tablet , or on a computer . Similarly , when you stream a Netflix movie to your TV or computer , and pause it , you can resume watching it from the same point via the Netflix app for mobile devices . But not all services work this well . If I 'm watching a short film on the new Vimeo app for Android phones , pause it , put down my phone and turn on my TV , bring up my Vimeo account  I use AppleTV for streaming media  , and select the movie I 'd paused ... it takes me back to the start of the movie . It does n't remember where I stopped watching . Gamers often experience similar frustration when they try to continue a game in progress on a different device . How well you can sync a game -- if at all -- depends on the game and the devices involved . Sometimes that experience is seamless . Sometimes not so much . And all those long-form articles you want to read ? Features like "  Reading List " in Apple 's Safari browser for computers and mobile devices -- or third-party services such as Instapaper -- allow you to sync a list of articles to read across devices . But they do n't let you just pick up where you left off in the midst of a 8,000-word Harper 's feature story . And they may not support offline reading . Syncing your content across multiple devices is a major technical challenge which will take time to solve . But so far , that kind of syncing is n't a big concern for most consumers . More commonly , people tend to use different devices to access content at different times of day or in different settings . For instance , comScore 's analysis of traffic to news websites found that from about 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on a typical weekday , computers are the leading source of site traffic . Tablet traffic to news sites peaks in the evening . On weekends , however , tablet traffic to news sites peaks in the morning . Simultaneous use of multiple devices has already become major part of how we experience media . Last October , Nielsen found that 40 % of people who own a smartphone or tablet use those mobile devices while watching TV . What do people do on their smartphones and tablets while watching TV ? According to Nielsen , "  e-mail was the top activity for both men and women during television programming and commercial breaks . In addition , women reported engaging in social networking more than men , while men checked sports scores more often . " The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	More than half of cell phone owners get some of their media on mobile devices comScore finds 47 % of all U.S. cell phone owners currently use apps 14 % of U.S. cell phone subscribers also own a tablet , highest in any country
CNN  -- The spiraling conflict between the Sudans has exacerbated issues for tens of thousands of Sudanese refugees who are desperate for water and facing the threat of fatal diseases , an international aid organization says . As South Sudan and Sudan continue to battle over border and oil issues , 37,000 refugees in South Sudan 's Jamam camp are running out of time , Oxfam said . "  There is simply not enough ground water available to sustain the growing number of people who need it , " said Pauline Ballaman , head of Oxfam 's operations at the camp . "  Women have to queue for hours in the burning sun just to collect a fraction of the water they need , and the situation is getting more desperate by the day . The only solution is for people to be moved urgently . " Oxfam says this large number of refugees fled to the camp since December and more are on their way . South Sudan split from Sudan last year as part of a 2005 peace deal that ended decades of war in Africa 's largest nation . The war left 2 million people dead and ended with the peace agreement that included an independence referendum for the south . Despite the split in July , unresolved issues remain between the two , including status of their citizens , division of national debt , disputed border areas and sharing of oil wealth . Simmering tensions peaked this month when South Sudan seized the oil-producing region of Heglig from Sudan , raising the stakes by targeting a resource that fuels the economies of both nations . Heglig oil facilities account for about half of Sudan 's production of 115,000 barrels a day . Sudan claims ownership for the region , and lodged complaints with the United Nations and the African Union to pressure South Sudan to withdraw troops from its territory . A day after South Sudan withdrew from the disputed region , it accused Sudan of launching ground and aerial attacks on its territory .	37,000 people need to be moved urgently , Oxfam says "  The situation is getting more desperate by the day , " Oxfam says South Sudan split from Sudan last year Despite the split , unresolved issues remain
CNN  -- Indonesian authorities found 198 refugees from Myanmar early Tuesday off the country 's west coast who said they had been drifting in a wooden boat for three weeks after they 'd been towed out to sea by the Thai military . This picture provided to CNN is said to be the Thai army towing refugees out to sea . A survivor told Indonesian immigration officials that his boat was part of a group of boats carrying about 1,200 people who were set adrift by Thai military forces who had found them . The survivor also said 220 people had been on his boat , but 22 died , said Iwan Riyanto , an Indonesian immigration official . An official with the Sabang Region Navy also told CNN that the survivors on the boat said they had been set adrift by the Thai military . "  They were part of the nine boats containing Rohingya refugees from Myanmar and Bangladesh that were set adrift by the Thai security forces , " Riyanto said . A Thai foreign ministry spokesman told CNN Tuesday that his government was aware of the report coming out of Indonesia . " "  We have to listen to that but we need to verify , and there shall be no judgment made yet , " Tharit Charungwat said . Meanwhile , delegates from five countries -- Bangladesh , India , Indonesia , Malaysia and Myanmar -- went to Thailand 's Ranong province Tuesday , prompted by such allegations . Watch a report on more refugees washed ashore in Indonesia " Allegations arose a month ago that a group of Myanmar 's Rohingya minority -- who have been fleeing their homeland for years , saying they are persecuted by its military government -- had been dumped at sea by Thai military authorities . A recent CNN investigation found evidence of such activity . Photos obtained by CNN include one that shows the Thai army towing a boatload of about 190 refugees . CNN also interviewed a refugee who said he was one of the few who had survived after a group of six rickety boats was towed back to sea and abandoned by Thai authorities earlier this month . The Thai government has launched an inquiry . The Thai army has denied the allegations . But after extensive questioning by CNN , one source in the Thai military confirmed that the Thai army was operating a dump-at-sea policy . The source defended it , saying that each boatload of refugees was given sufficient supplies of food and water . That source said Thai villagers had become afraid of the hundreds of Rohingya arriving each month , and they had accused the refugees of stealing their property and threatening them . The Thai government has said that "  there is no reasonable ground to believe " that the Rohingya were fleeing Myanmar because of persecution . "  Their profile and their seasonal travel further support the picture that they are illegal migrants , and not those requiring international protection , " the Foreign Ministry said in a statement issued in late January . One of the refugees who came ashore in late January said they would be killed if returned to Myanmar because of their minority status . He said the Rohingya are stateless because they lack bribe money to obtain identification cards in Myanmar . The discovery comes nearly a week after a judge in Thailand fined dozens of other Rohingya refugees from Myanmar who pleaded guilty to charges of illegal entry after fleeing their homeland in December . CNN 's Andy Saputra and Dan Rivers contributed to this report .	Boat people say they were part of group of nine boats of 1,200 people Group claims Thai military abandoned them at sea Thai army denies allegations ; government has launched an inquiry Delegates from Bangladesh , India , Indonesia , Malaysia , Myanmar in Thailand
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama met with the Dalai Lama -- the exiled Tibetan spiritual leader -- at the White House on Thursday despite strong objections from Chinese government officials . The meeting has the potential to further complicate Sino-U.S. tensions , which have been rising in recent months . China has warned it would damage Beijing 's ties to Washington . "  The Chinese side expresses strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition to this meeting , " a spokesman for China 's Foreign Ministry said in a statement afterward . "  China demands the U.S. seriously consider China 's stance , immediately adopt measures to wipe out the adverse impact , -LSB- and -RSB- stop conniving and supporting anti-China separatist forces . " The Dalai Lama has said he favors genuine autonomy for Tibetans , not independence for Tibet . Beijing regards the Nobel Peace Prize laureate as a dangerous "  separatist " who wishes to sever Tibet from China . Obama 's meeting with the Dalai Lama "  runs against the repeated commitments by the U.S. government that the U.S. recognizes Tibet as part of China and gives no support to ` Tibet independence , ' " Chinese Foreign Ministry spokesman Ma Zhaoxu said . During the meeting , Obama stressed his "  strong support for the preservation of Tibet 's unique religious , cultural and linguistic identity and the protection of human rights for Tibetans , " according to a White House statement . The president praised the Dalai Lama 's "  commitment to nonviolence and his pursuit of dialogue with the Chinese government , " the statement added . He also stressed the importance of having both sides "  engage in direct dialogue to resolve differences , and was pleased to hear about the recent resumption of talks , " it noted . The Dalai Lama , while acknowledging that he raised concerns about Tibet during the meeting , did not provide further specifics about his home region 's political situation while addressing reporters . He said he admired America as a "  champion of democracy and ... freedom , " and he cited the need to promote "  religious harmony " and "  human value . " He also met with Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . The meeting between the Dalai Lama and Obama could "  seriously undermine the Sino-U.S. political relations , " Zhu Weiqun , a senior Communist Party leader in charge of ethnic and religious affairs , warned recently . "  We will take corresponding action to make relevant countries see their mistakes . " On Thursday , China 's Foreign Ministry spokesman said the meeting "  grossly violated the norms governing ... international relations . " Obama did not meet with the Dalai Lama when the spiritual leader visited Washington in autumn , making it the first time since 1991 that such a meeting did not occur . Ahead of a summit with Chinese President Hu Jintao , Obama persuaded Tibetan representatives back then to postpone the meeting with the Dalai Lama . Thursday 's encounter took place against the backdrop of several contentious issues already threatening to sour the relationship between America and China , including trade disputes , a recent U.S. arms sales deal for Taiwan -- which China considers an illegitimate breakaway province -- and a censorship fight over Internet search engine Google Inc. . The meeting is "  another event in the recent , one has to say , downward spiral in U.S.-China relations , " China scholar David Shambaugh said . It 's also troublesome for the Chinese for one other important reason , Shambaugh said . "  He could have met him as a spiritual leader in a neutral place like a church , " he said . But receiving him in the White House "  is a political act . And that is going to irritate China very much . " The meeting did not take place in the formal , official setting of the Oval Office . It was instead held in the White House Map Room , which is considered part of the presidential residence . The choice of settings was considered by many observers to be a sign of Washington 's acknowledgment of Beijing 's political sensitivities . Some analysts said the Chinese government could retaliate by cutting off political exchanges as it did after the Dalai Lama met with the heads of state of France and Germany . And Hu could turn down an invitation to visit Washington in April . Neither China nor the United States can afford strained relations , said Douglas Paal , a diplomat and investment banker who has served as a presidential adviser on China . "  We both need each other , " he said . "  We need each other for a number of international security issues -- to deal with the global climate crisis , to deal with the global financial crisis . " Poll : Most Americans favor Tibetan independence China is the largest-growing export market for U.S. companies , Paal said , expanding by 65 percent last year alone . Nearly three-quarters of all Americans think that Tibet should be an independent country , according to a national CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll . But the survey , released Thursday , also indicates that most Americans think it is more important to maintain good relations with China than to take a stand on Tibet . CNN 's Emily Chang , Jill Dougherty , Jaime FlorCruz , Paul Steinhauser and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	NEW : China "  expresses strong dissatisfaction , " Foreign Ministry spokesman says Dalai Lama is a Nobel Peace Prize laureate ; Beijing regards him as a dangerous "  separatist " Pair meet in White House Map Room , a choice some say is a bow to Beijing 's sensitivities Analyst : U.S. , China "  need each other " to deal with global security , financial , climate issues
