CNN  -- After days of international shuttling on what to do with the troubling situation in Syria , Russia 's foreign minister said Saturday his country will never agree to foreign intervention . Despite warnings of Syria spiraling into a civil war , Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov said at a televised briefing in Moscow there was no alternative other than implementing Special Envoy Kofi Annan 's peace plan , despite its failures . "  The situation looks more and more grim , " Lavrov said . "  For the first time since the beginning of this crisis we see the question of foreign intervention . And our position remains unchanged . We will never agree to sanction the use of force in the U.N. Security Council . " Opinion : The only glimmer of hope for Syria He called foreign intervention a "  dangerous game " and said it would have serious consequences in the entire region . He also blamed the recent violence , which has included horrific reported massacres in Houla and Qubeir , in part to opposition groups being supported by other nations . Russia , along with China and four Central Asian nations , has signed a joint declaration rejecting armed intervention in Syria and reiterating support for Annan 's peace plan . Russia and China -- both Security Council members -- have also blocked proposed United Nations efforts to punish President Bashar al-Assad 's regime with sanctions . Lavrov suggested an international conference on Syria to work out a way to make the peace plan stick . That conference , he said , should include Iran and not focus on regime change in Syria . "  If the Syrians agree -LSB- on Assad 's departure -RSB- between each other , we will only be happy to support such a solution , " Lavrov said . "  But we believe it is unacceptable to impose the conditions for such a dialogue from outside . " Lavrov 's comments came on a day when intense fighting flared across Syria and after many hours of international discussions this week on how to get the failing peace plan back on track . At least 96 people , including many women and children , were killed Saturday , said the opposition Local Coordination Committees of Syria . Many of the reported deaths were in Daraa , a southern city near the Jordanian border that the opposition group said was raided and shelled starting Friday night . "  Several doctors have been detained to prevent them from aiding the wounded amid a state of panic among residents due to the abuses regime forces are committing against the people there , " the group said . A doctor in the besieged city of Al Qusayr , near the Lebanese border , said he has to keep moving his makeshift hospital to prevent attack . Journalist Robert King documented the chaos in the hospital on video as medical staff rushed to save lives . King said he has seen snipers targeting children . The city of Homs came under heavy bombardment Saturday . Regime forces stormed one neighborhood amid intense gunfire and shelled a mosque and church , the Local Coordination Committees said . At least 26 people died in Homs , including the mayor of the Khalidiya neighborhood , according to the group . It said another 26 people died in Idlib . Another opposition group , the London-based Syrian Observatory for Human Rights , reported a total of 17 government forces were killed in clashes with rebels across the country . CNN can not independently confirm reports of casualties or violence as the Syrian government has restricted access by international journalists . In another sign of escalating attacks , rebels battled government forces in the heart of Damascus on Friday , sparking fierce explosions in a rare and bold move for the fighters , video purportedly from the scene showed . Meanwhile , the Syrian government said an "  armed terrorist group " was behind an attack on a power station in a Damascus neighborhood Friday . Firefighters extinguished the fire and crews are working to restore electricity to affected areas . The state-run Syrian Arab News Agency  SANA  reported that the bodies of 57 policemen and soldiers -- many of them officers -- were transported from military hospitals in several cities to funerals in hometowns . International leaders accuse al-Assad of failing to comply with a peace plan brokered by Annan , a special envoy on Syria for the United Nations and the Arab League . Annan , who has been meeting with U.N. officials , is trying to salvage the peace plan to end the 15-month anti-government uprising . As part of the plan , U.N. observers have been in Syria to monitor whether both sides are abiding by the agreement . Friday , the observers made it to the site of what the opposition called a massacre Wednesday in the village of Qubeir , near Hama , after they were denied access a day earlier by government forces and civilians in the area , said Sausan Ghosheh , spokeswoman for the U.N. Supervision Mission in Syria . The U.N. team found signs of an attack in the village , including some homes damaged by rockets , grenades and a range of other weapons , Ghosheh said . There also were tracks left by armored fighting vehicles that were visible in the vicinity , she said . The observers found the village empty , and observers were not able to talk to anyone who witnessed Wednesday 's "  horrific tragedy , " Ghosheh said . She said the circumstances surrounding this attack are still unclear , and that the number and names of those killed are still unconfirmed . The LCC alleges at least 78 people were killed in Qubeir , while the Syrian government blamed terrorists for the attack that it says killed only nine people . The Syrian state news agency discounted the opposition account of what happened in Qubeir , citing in its report a witness from the village who claimed to have seen armed terrorist groups carry out the attack . The government 's claim contradicts that of the opposition , who accused government forces of shelling the village for an hour before militias on foot turned AK-47 rifles on people , some at close range , or slashed them with knives . Some residents suspected the Shabiha , armed gangs that work as freelancers for the government , the opposition said . A video purporting to show the carnage was posted on YouTube . It did not show who carried out the actual killings . CNN could not independently verify its authenticity . CNN 's Hamdi Alkhshali and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : An opposition group reports 96 people killed across Syria on Saturday Russia 's foreign minister says there is no alternative to the peace plan The opposition says doctors are being prevented from treating the injured U.N. monitors find signs of an attack in a village where a massacre was alleged
Even after apologizing for his department 's actions following Michael Brown 's shooting , the police chief of Ferguson , Missouri , insisted Thursday that he 's not going anywhere -- telling CNN , "  this is mine , and I 'm taking ownership of it . " Police Chief Thomas Jackson acknowledged that he 's heard calls for his ouster , but that does n't mean he 'll answer them . "  I 've talked to a lot of people who have initially called for that and then changed their mind after having meetings and discussions about moving forward , " Jackson said . "  Realistically , I 'm going to stay here and see this through . " By ` this , " he means taking a leadership role in a police department and a community that is still marred by discord and distrust of authorities -- especially among those in its large African-American community -- since the August 9 shooting . Brown was a 18-year-old black teenager killed by Ferguson Officer Darren Wilson , who is white . Despite demands by protesters , Wilson has not been charged in this case , though a grand jury is hearing evidence that could lead to an indictment . The shooting also stirred complaints of widespread racial profiling in Ferguson , which Jackson rejected Thursday . "  It 's never been the intention of the Ferguson police department -- or any police department that I know -- to intentionally target individuals because of race , " said the chief . "  If there is that happening , it 's a crime and it needs to be addressed . " Chief ` sorry ' Brown 's body was n't removed sooner Jackson 's interview with CNN came Thursday afternoon , shortly after the release of his video apology to Brown 's parents and the peaceful demonstrators who took to Ferguson 's streets to protest Brown 's death . In that video , the chief expressed regret that it took investigating officers four hours to remove Brown 's body from the street after he was shot dead . "  I 'm truly sorry for the loss of your son . I 'm also sorry that it took so long to remove Michael from the street , " he said during his video statement . Investigators were doing "  important work " trying to uncover the truth and collect evidence during those four hours , Jackson said , but "  it was just too long , and I 'm truly sorry for that . " "  Please know that the investigating officers meant no disrespect to the Brown family , to the African-American community or the people  in the neighborhood where Brown was shot  . They were simply trying to do their jobs , " Jackson said . Asked Thursday afternoon why the apology took so long , Jackson told CNN , "  There 's been so much going on , and every day there 's a different challenge . " He said he 's been wanting to apologize for "  the time it took to remove Michael from the scene , " and he feels better now that he 's done it . "  This is something that 's just been weighing on me . It 's something that needed to be said . It should 've been said a long time ago , " he told CNN . Feels ` responsible ' if peaceful protesters were ` upset ' Dressed casually in a red polo shirt , Jackson acknowledged in his video apology that most protesters who took to the streets of Ferguson following the shooting did so peacefully , even if there were others among them "  who had a different agenda . " Jackson singled out the peaceful protesters in his video . "  The right of the people to peacefully assemble is what the police are here to protect . If anyone who was peacefully exercising that right is upset and angry , I feel responsible and I 'm sorry , " he said . He also acknowledged that the incident has sparked a larger conversation about societal issues , and he expressed interest in being part of the discussion . "  Overnight I went from being a small-town police chief to being part of a conversation about racism , equality and the role of policing in that conversation . As chief of police , I want to be part of that conversation . I also want to be part of the solution , " he said . He emphasized that "  the city belongs to all of us " and conceded that Ferguson and the surrounding areas have "  much work to do . " "  For any mistakes I 've made , I take full responsibility . It 's an honor to serve the city of Ferguson and the people who live there . I look forward to working with you in the future to solve our problems , and once again , I deeply apologize to the Brown family , " he said . Afterward , some Ferguson residents who 'd criticized police and backed the Browns expressed satisfaction with the apology , saying it needed to be said . Others described it as too little too late , or at least called it useless unless Jackson 's words are backed up by actions to change things in Ferguson . Fresh violence on the streets The St. Louis suburb was cast into the national spotlight when protests erupted following Wilson 's shooting of the 18-year-old Brown . The demonstrations quickly devolved into looting , vandalism and violence but eventually calmed . The St. Louis suburb of 21,000 erupted again this week after one of three Brown memorials at the site of the shooting burned . While many peaceful protesters took to the street Tuesday night , violent elements within the demonstration stoked chaos , attacking police with guns , rocks and bottles and vandalizing and looting businesses , Missouri Highway Patrol Capt. Ron Johnson said . One person threw a Molotov cocktail at a parking structure , and there was an attempt to set a gasoline fire at a custard shop , he said . Two officers were injured , one of whom was struck by a rock below the eye , Johnson said . While Johnson promised police would protect public safety as well as the freedoms of speech and expression , he warned that police would have no choice but to respond to any violent actions . "  If that means officers will respond in riot gear , they will , " he said Wednesday . "  We can not have nights like last night . We ca n't have actions like last night that can result in injury or death . Those will not be tolerated . " In recent days , the City Council has taken up measures to reform court procedures and the way the city handles certain fines . The City Council is also presently considering a citizen review board that would work with the police department . Complete coverage of the Ferguson shooting and protests	Ferguson police chief : His department 's officers never intentionally targeted blacks Chief Jackson says he wants to stay on the job : "  This is mine , and I 'm taking ownership of it " Jackson apologized in a video statement to the Brown family , peaceful protesters He says he 's sorry it "  took so long to remove Michael from the street " after shooting
EW.com  -- As Jay Leno fights for his job , more people are opting to tune into the show that he 's expected to lose . "  The Tonight Show " just hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million  his best since the week of January 28-February 1  and a four-week high in the 18-49 demo with 982,000 viewers  his best since February 18-22  , according to Nielsen ratings . The ratings bump for the week of March 18-22 came as Leno began taking nightly jabs at his employers -- like referring to them as snakes -- as news hit that a succession plan was in the works to replace him with Jimmy Fallon . As it now stands , Leno has outranked "  The Late Show with David Letterman " among 18-49 viewers for the last 18 weeks in a row while topping "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " for nine of their 11 head-to-head weeks . In total viewers , Leno has averaged more than the Late Show for 22 weeks in a row and "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " for 11 of 11 weeks . NBC has yet to confirm or comment on the succession plan , other than to say Fallon is getting a fancy new set in New York , where The Tonight Show is expected to move . Though plenty of industry watchers question whether it 's the right time to bump Leno , speculation continues that Fallon may start as early as February , after the network 's telecast of the Winter Olympics . Leno continued his war of words against NBC on Wednesday , with this joke about the network 's Monday lineup . " ` The Voice ' and ` Revolution ' moved NBC into the No. 2 position . You know what that means ? Between Easter and Passover , this is truly the season of miracles . We 're number two ! We 're number two ! And I 've been saying that for the last week -- NBC is a big No. 2 . Have n't I been saying that ? " See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  The Tonight Show " hit a seven-week high in total viewers with 3.52 million As it now stands , Leno has outranked "  Late Show with David Letterman " The ratings bump came as Leno began taking nightly jabs at his employer
CNN  -- Johnny Grant , Hollywood 's honorary mayor , was found dead Wednesday night , Los Angeles police said . Grant , 84 , appeared to have died of natural causes . Johnny Grant , shown last October , was a radio personality and television producer . Authorities found him in his bed at the Roosevelt Hotel , where he lived , about 7 p.m. Pacific Time  10 p.m. ET  , said Los Angeles Police Officer Jason Lee . Grant last conversed with his business manager Wednesday afternoon and said he was feeling "  lousy , " said Jim Harper , who had managed Grant for 60 years . A radio personality and television producer , Grant was best known as the honorary mayor of Tinseltown . It was a ceremonial position bestowed upon him for enthusiastically supporting the community for half a century . Grant was chair of the committee that selected stars for the Hollywood Walk of Fame and was a familiar face in the foreground when celebrities immortalized their handprints in cement outside the Grauman 's Chinese Theatre . E-mail to a friend	Johnny Grant , 84 , appeared to have died of natural causes Radio personality , TV producer found in his bed at Roosevelt Hotel Grant was chair of panel that selects stars for Hollywood Walk of Fame
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- More than seven months after the U.N. Security Council authorized NATO forces to protect demonstrators in Libya , the aerial bombing campaign operation that helped depose longtime leader Moammar Gadhafi ended here Monday at midnight . "  I think what has happened in Libya sends a very clear signal to autocratic regimes all over the world , " NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen told reporters earlier in the day after arriving in Tripoli from Brussels , Belgium . "  We have been mandated by the United Nations Security Council to protect civilians and that mission has been a great success , " he told CNN during the flight . "  We have prevented a massacre . We have saved countless lives . We have fully implemented the United Nations mandate . That was our mission and we have done what we promised to do . " But the Pentagon said Monday that the United States will continue monitoring Libya from the skies even after the end of formal NATO military operations . "  There will be some kind of overwatch role for a little while after the actual end , " Pentagon spokesman , Capt. John Kirby said . "  We are still working with our NATO allies on that . " U.S. manned and unmanned aircraft played a key reconnaissance role in the Libya operation even after U.S. forces stopped taking the lead combat role . And National Transitional Council spokesman Ahmed Bani told CNN that he was expecting the mission would be suspended rather than canceled . "  To cancel it , in these circumstances , I do n't think was the right decision , especially at this time , " he said , citing the continued presence of pro-Gadhafi elements . Interim prime minister chosen NATO 's move comes after the United Nations Security Council last week rescinded its March mandate for military intervention to protect civilians targeted during anti-regime protests . Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said NATO 's mission puts Libya on a path to freedom . But she tempered her remarks with a word of caution . "  We 're very concerned that , as we move forward , that the authorities make maximum effort to swiftly form an inclusive government that incorporates all aspects of Libyan society , and in which the rights of all Libyan people are fully and thoroughly respected , regardless of their gender , their religion , their region of origin , " Rice said after the Security Council vote last Thursday . "  But for the United States , and , I think , for the United Nations Security Council , this closes what I think history will judge to be a proud chapter in the Security Council 's history . " As of Monday , Operation Unified Protector had flown 7,943 total sorties , 1,851 strike sorties and 398 total strikes in which ordnance was dropped . Momentum to end the campaign began building after Gadhafi was killed following his capture near his hometown of Sirte on October 20 . Many British military personnel who had been stationed at an Italian airfield for the campaign already are returning home . Meanwhile , Gadhafi 's relatives said they plan to file a war crimes complaint . "  All of the events that have taken place since February 2011 and the murder of Gadhafi , all of this means we are totally in our right to call upon the International Criminal Court , " Marcel Ceccaldi , a lawyer representing the family , said last week . Questions have been raised about how Gadhafi was killed . Amateur videos showed him alive when captured by the opposition . He died from a shot in the head , officials said , but the circumstances surrounding the shot remain unclear . NATO 's Libya campaign began in March , after the Security Council adopted Resolution 1973 , which imposed a no-fly zone in the country 's airspace and authorized member states to take measures to protect civilians . CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh contributed to this story .	NTC military spokesman says mission should be suspended , not canceled NATO 's seven-month campaign helped end Moammar Gadhafi 's rule The U.N. Security Council voted to end a mandate authorizing the NATO operation last week Gadhafi 's family says it will file a complaint against NATO
CNN  In the aftermath of the heinous attacks on the satirical newspaper Charlie Hebdo in France , many are tweeting and writing in solidarity : Je suis Charlie . But I 'm not . Because I am not Charlie . Of course , I unequivocally support the right to free speech . Period . And I also believe in choosing to exercise that right responsibly and respectfully . That 's why I would not have published cartoons depicting Prophet Mohammed , insulting 1.6 billion Muslims worldwide in the process  and no , I would n't have published many of Charlie Hebdo 's cartoons insulting Judaism and Christianity , either  . In no way should this be taken -- as it has been by some on Twitter -- to suggest that I somehow condone the killings of Charlie Hebdo 's staff . That 's a ridiculously insulting idea and just plain wrong . It 's possible to honor and protect the free speech rights of publications like Charlie Hebdo while simultaneously believing such cartoons are unnecessarily disrespectful and offensive . As others have pointed out , in the wake of the Paris attacks we 've conflated support for free speech with support for the actual speech in question . But while I unquestionably support the free speech rights of the KKK and "  god hates fags " protesters , for example , that clearly does n't mean I would support , never mind join in , their hateful messages . Some on the right insist that media should have to re-print Charlie Hebdo 's anti-Islam cartoons or else they 're cowardly . However , this is a fundamental perversion of free speech , to say the least . There is no inconsistency between supporting free speech for Charlie Hebdo 's cartoonists and finding the content of some of their cartoons offensive and disrespectful . I do n't profess to be a scholar of Islam . But it 's plain that some branches or interpretations of the faith view any depictions of the Prophet Mohammed as blasphemy . That does n't mean that all Muslims who see such depictions as blasphemy think the appropriate response is violence ; far from it . But a radical few do , and , as Middle East commentator Juan Cole has argued , they exploit such defamations against the prophet to try to radicalize others in the faith . Unfortunately , there are some in the West who think all of Islam is tainted , and who -- despite there being plenty of violence and intolerance in the texts and histories of Judaism and Christianity -- believe Islam is somehow uniquely violent and intolerant . But when we mistakenly believe that a narrow and violent interpretation of Islam is the only true version , we play right into the hands of the radical zealots who want the world , including all Muslims , to believe precisely that . The reality is that the Muslim world is n't just the leadership of Saudi Arabia and Iran , but also Indonesia and Mali . And it 's worth pointing out that several Muslim countries have elected or appointed female heads of state , something the United States has yet to manage . And also that while much remains to be done on advancing gay rights , gay bars do still exist in Lebanon and in Jordan . Unfortunately , about 60 percent of Americans do n't know a single Muslim , and so may only know about Islam what the media reports about terrorists . It is important to remember that there are a wide variety of interpretations and practices of Islam worldwide , including an active debate on those interpretations among scholars and spiritual leaders . Sadly , I have to wonder if Charlie Hebdo had been attacked for cartoons insulting Christians , whether there would be a similar outpouring in support of the magazine , especially in the United States . After all , many of the same people outraged just a month ago about the alleged "  War on Christmas " have no qualms about launching a "  War on Islam " because , well , it 's not their religion being mischaracterized and insulted . It unsettles me to think that the reason so much of the outpouring of support for Charlie Hebdo is driven not just by the violence suffered or a defense of free speech , but by the opportunity to implicitly support jabs at Islam . But judging by some of the coverage , it seems a fair assumption to make . Indeed , on the same day of the attack in Paris , a bomb was placed outside the offices of an NAACP chapter in Colorado . Thankfully , no one died in that attack , but it was still a bomb on U.S. soil and yet the story was absent from much of the mainstream media . Had Muslims been the suspects , I think it 's fair to say there would have been much more attention paid . As someone with a public voice , my free speech benefits from an extra megaphone , and while the principle of free speech means I can say what I want whenever I want it , in practice I try to think carefully about the impact of my words -- and how they might be felt among others whether or not they share my belief system . Personally , I believe in not saying something just because I want to speak , but because I want to be heard . So , for instance , I do n't casually condemn or denigrate people 's religions because I want people of faith to hear me . All religions face the struggle of progressing from rigid tradition to evolving modernity , and so I want my voice to be clear and constructive in supporting that progress . Put another way , when I open my mouth , I do n't want to be part of the problem , I want to be part of the solution . I want to help Islam and Christianity and Judaism and society in general become more open and inclusive and democratic and liberated . Free speech is fundamentally essential to that project . So is respect . In the aftermath of the heinous attacks in Paris , it 's important we remember that free speech and respect can go hand-in-hand .	Sally Kohn : It 's possible to back free speech but object to Charlie Hebdo cartoons Kohn warns not to dismiss all of Islam as extreme
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama heads to El Paso , Texas , on Tuesday to give a speech on the need for comprehensive immigration reform -- a perennial hot-button political issue that both Democrats and Republicans hope to use to their advantage in 2012 . Obama has held a series of meetings with key Latino officials and reform advocates in recent weeks . Despite an aggressive push for substantive policy changes from his political base , the president recently indicated he has ruled out acting on his own to implement provisions of a reform bill that failed to win congressional approval last year . Nevertheless , immigration reform "  remains a priority " for the administration , White House Press Secretary Jay Carney said Monday . There has been bipartisan support for reform in the past , Carney noted , and "  we think we can build support for it again in the future . " The issue requires "  focus , " "  education , " and "  persistence , " Carney said . "  The sooner it gets done , the better for the country . " Carney said the president 's speech is likely to highlight border security improvements and the economic costs stemming from a failure to change course . Republican leaders have indicated an unwillingness to consider broader changes -- including a path to citizenship for undocumented immigrants -- until the Mexican border is brought under tighter control . Conservative frustration has boiled over in recent months in form of a rash of state-level proposals to apprehend and deport illegal immigrants . Key parts of an Arizona law requiring police officers to check a person 's immigration status while enforcing other statutes were recently blocked by the federal courts . The Justice Department sued Arizona , arguing that only the federal government has the authority to dictate immigration policy . Progressive reform advocates , meanwhile , have been frustrated by Congress 's inability to pass the DREAM Act , which would offer legal standing to immigrants who entered the United States illegally as children under the age of 16 and have lived in the country for at least five years . The bill would require , among other things , a high school or General Education Development diploma , two years of college or military service , and criminal background checks . Advocates say the bill would give legal standing to young people brought to the United States by their parents who have bettered themselves and served their new country . Republican opponents equate the measure to amnesty , and have said it would signal to the world that the United States is not serious about enforcing its laws or its borders . They have also called the bill unfair to immigrants who , in many cases , waited years to come to the country legally . The measure was defeated by a Republican filibuster in the Senate last December after winning passage in the House of Representatives . Most analysts believe it has little chance of clearing the GOP-controlled House now . Regardless , the immigration issue remains politically potent . Obama won several Western states in 2008 -- including Colorado , New Mexico , and Nevada -- partly on the rising power of the Latino vote . Democrats believe Hispanic voters might put traditionally Republican Arizona in play next year . In the long run , Democrats are also hoping to use their advantage among Hispanics to make inroads in core GOP states such as Texas . Obama won over two-thirds of the nationwide Hispanic vote in 2008 . His approval rating among Hispanics hovered around 68 percent during the first three months of this year , according to the most recent CNN/Opinion Research Corporation polls . For their part , Republicans have depended on the immigration issue in the past to fire up conservative voters . Some analysts also believe that if Democrats push too hard , too fast on immigration , particularly in tough economic times , it could push swing voters toward the GOP .	President Obama will discuss the need for immigration reform Tuesday in El Paso Republican leaders have opposed reform without tighter border controls Immigration reform is believed to have little chance of clearing the GOP-controlled House Both Democrats and Republicans view immigration as a potent political issue
New York  CNN  -- The unidentified remains of those killed in the September 11 , 2001 terrorist attacks were returned to New York 's World Trade Center site Saturday in a quiet motorcade through the streets of lower Manhattan . Under an overcast sky , the remains moved slowly from the medical examiner 's office several miles away in a solemn procession that included police and fire department vehicles with lights flashing . A handful of passers-by paused along the way to take notice . There were no dignitaries or speeches as the remains were delivered to their final resting place in an underground repository in the same building as the National September 11 Memorial and Museum . "  They are finally home , " said Monica Iken , whose husband , Michael Patrick , perished when the towers collapsed . "  We should be thanking God they are home in the right place . This is where they died . This is where they took their last step , their last breath . " As she spoke , a group of protesters who favor placing the remains in a monument separate from the museum interrupted Iken in a sign of the longstanding dispute over what to do with the unidentified remains of victims of the worst terrorist attack in the nation 's history . "  How dare you say that the remains ... belong in a museum ? " said one protester . "  How dare you . Shame on you ! " "  You 're disrespecting the loved ones , " Monica Iken said . Opponents of the move have said that a museum vulnerable to flooding and which charges $ 24 admission is not an adequate resting place for the victims . "  The issue here is that the remains we 're talking about -- some 8,500 we believe -- are unidentified , " said Norman Siegel , an attorney representing those opposed to the move . "  I hate to be crass . But who owns them ? And who has the say in what happens to the unidentified remains ? " In 2011 , 17 families of 9/11 victims petitioned a court to force the museum to consult with the families before deciding what to do with the remains . They also asked for a congressional hearing . Both efforts were unsuccessful . The remains will be stored behind a museum wall inscribed with a quote from the Roman poet Virgil : "  No day shall erase you from the memory of time . " The medical examiner 's office has custody of 7,930 unidentified remains , which account for 36 % of the 21,906 remains recovered , according to the office 's most recent statistics . The medical examiner will continue to work to identify the remains . Families of the victims will be able to visit the repository 's Reflection Room in the days before the museum 's official opening on May 21 . After that , they can schedule appointments to visit the private room . "  Finally our loved ones are home , " Iken said . "  They are ... in the best place . " CNN 's Laura Ly and Haimy Assefa contributed to this report .	Unidentified remains are moved in solemn procession to September 11 memorial museum Decision to house remains in a repository in the museum remains controversial Monica Iken , whose husband , Michael Patrick , died in the attack , says : "  They are finally home "
CNN  -- As Germany continues to rise as lead survivor -- and decision-maker -- in the European Union 's economic mire , the U.S. would do well to take a lesson from the country 's economic model , particularly in manufacturing . Losing 4 million jobs over the past 10 years , U.S. manufacturing has hovered at roughly 12 % of America 's GDP , less than half its percentage in the 1950s . In Germany , however , manufacturing is well on its way toward 25 % of GDP . President Barack Obama 's pledge this week to lower manufacturing sector taxes to 25 % , and January 's U.S. manufacturing growth numbers , the highest in seven months , will certainly help stem the tide . But , clearly , a word to the wise is in order . With America experiencing the highest income inequality since the Great Depression , a gap that mushroomed primarily in the past 30 to 40 years because of trade , tax and labor policies , the answer is in our workers . Consider U.S. trade policies , which undermined America 's working class through the outsourcing and offshoring of U.S. manufacturing and the erosion of labor protections . Consider its tax policies , which moved wealth from the majority to the minority , thanks to tax loopholes such as low capital gains and dividends taxes , thus favoring nonlabor wealth creation . Consider its labor policies , which failed to increase minimum wages for the majority of America : Minimum wage is worth less now -- adjusted for inflation -- than it was in 1968 when the inequality trend started to take off . Opinion : Nostalgia for factory jobs that will never come back The way America has treated its workers has helped to create a highly precarious socioeconomic reality : One out of every two Americans is in poverty or low-income . According to the U.S. Census Bureau , roughly 50 million Americans are living below the poverty level and surviving on an average annual income of less than $ 22,500 for a family of four . Another 100 million Americans are living in the low-income bracket , living on average annual income of less than $ 45,000 for a family of four -- hardly the American dream . Couple these trends with the devastating financial crisis , which hurt those whose wealth was in basic stocks and first-time home purchases -- as opposed to the wealthy who invested in insurance-backed securities , derivatives and credit default swaps -- and you 've bottomed out America 's working class . This is where the United States can learn from Germany . How Germany stayed economically healthy , while maintaining a strong working class , might offer a lesson or two for America 's woes . Unlike the U.S. , Germany recovered quickly from the economic slump in 2009 , mainly because German industry managed to keep its skilled work force during the crisis . This was possible because the German government sponsored short-time work , or a reduction of working hours , thus avoiding layoffs . This measure was possible only where decent wages and management-union trust existed , what Germans call a "  social partnership " . Even now , despite some growth in nonunionized companies and income inequality , the export-oriented manufacturing model of social partnership is strong . Those who believe unions , high wages and workers rights are a burden for business should consider that this sector has been Germany 's most successful . Exports , mainly manufacturing , grew by 2.3 %  even with 2009 data included  , higher than the average growth rate of the German economy over the past 10 years at 1.1 % . Here 's how they did it : Instead of trying to outcompete global markets in cheap goods , German industry specialized in high-quality products and kept its share in a growing global market , as other European countries , Japan and the U.S. lost shares to China . The German manufacturing strategy is based on making existing products better again and again , or as a Mercedes ad put it : "  We are inventing the car . Since 1886 . " This strategy is possible only with highly skilled and highly motivated workers and requires managers who promote a constant evolution of improvement in products and processes . This change-oriented management is successful because strong union representation on the shop floor , in the form of "  work councils , " and on supervisory boards ensures that workers ' interests are always considered . In the face of global competition , German manufacturing workers ' representation remains strong . It has proved to be successful because it has incorporated the knowledge of workers and their representatives , countering change with fewer conflicts . Contrast this with Germany 's services sector , where wages are much lower and the power of unions is much weaker . Growth , not coincidentally , is much weaker , too . Politicians across the Atlantic , but particularly in Washington , would be well-advised to take a look at the German manufacturing sector . The U.S. is only facing increasing global competition . If America wants an economic tide that lifts all boats , the answer is in its workers . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writers .	U.S. manufacturing lost 4 million jobs over past 10 years , accounts for only 12 % of GDP Writers : Germany recovered quickly from the economic crisis by keeping its skilled work force German industry is 25 % of its GDP , they write , and focuses on high-quality goods Writers : German industry has unions , offers high wages and is its most successful sector
CNN  When it comes to racing the Queen 's horses , one man is Her Majesty 's knight in shining armor . Ryan Moore is seemingly the British monarch 's jockey of choice and no wonder . The consensus is that the Englishman is the best in the business , a view enhanced by his win at the prestigious Melbourne Cup in November . However , he is quick to downplay his regular meetings with Queen Elizabeth II , treating her like he would any other owner . "  It 's not really different and it 's very easy to ride for her , " Moore told CNN . "  There 's no pressure . She 's just very easy going . Riding for her is a great experience . " Asked about the accolade of being the world 's most accomplished horseman , Moore brushes it aside . "  I take those sorts of comments with a pinch of salt . I 'm just in a position to ride these great horses in these great races and I try to do as well as I can , " he says . "  I do n't know who 's number one , it 's very hard to say . People will forever debate these sorts of things . " The 31-year-old has won everything from the Epsom Derby to the Prix de l'Arc de Triomphe and ridden to victory all over the globe from Royal Ascot to Japan 's Hanshin Racecourse . Moore says he 's lazy , that he 's lucky , but his peers say otherwise . Brother Jamie is a National Hunt jockey and likes to tell the story of how his brother turned down his first ride at the age of 16 . While most youngsters would have jumped at the chance , Moore rejected it because he felt it had no chance of winning . The judgment of a rider labeled "  a perfectionist " by his brother is clearly good -- he went on to win seven of his first 10 races . He is known to turn up early at a racecourse whatever the event to walk the course . He pores over races on television to learn all he can about upcoming rides or those he is up against . "  You always have to be taking advantage of whatever information you can , " he says . "  You want to ensure you 're not going to get stuck behind a horse that 's got no speed when it comes to the key moments in a race . "  Often best-laid plans go out the window , " he explained . "  You do n't get a moment 's notice to think but any information you have -- however small -- is helpful so it 's always worth doing your homework . " Born into a horse-racing family , dad Gary is a trainer and his three siblings -- two brothers and a sister -- are all jockeys . It 's as if he was born to sit in a saddle . Football was the initial passion , the Arsenal fan had trials with Brighton and Hove Albion , who play in English football 's second tier . But his once regular kickabouts have been curtailed to the odd game with son Toby in the garden of the family home at Newmarket , the home of English racing . Unsurprisingly , he picks out Alexis Sanchez as the Gunners ' star performer but less because of his rush of goals than his "  great work rate , " an attribute repeatedly leveled at Moore by his peers . Football , though , remains something he gets mere snapshots of as he travels the globe riding the world 's best racehorses at the world 's best racecourses . Surely , there must be a favorite ? "  I do n't have a favorite place to ride , I just like to ride good horses . Of my wins I suppose the Arc was the most important one for me because it 's a very difficult race to win . "  And as for a favorite horse , it 's difficult to pick just one . There are a few I 've had more of a history with that stand out but I could n't pick just one . " Last season alone , Moore celebrated 155 winners across the planet , although celebrated might not quite be the right word . Moore has been criticized by the British media for his surly ways in and out of the saddle , even his father once joked he was a "  miserable bastard . " There are times he has celebrated -- he was all smiles after riding Protectionist to a famous victory in Melbourne -- but more often than not he has entered the winners enclosure with little fanfare . Admittedly it is with good reason : "  Usually my work is n't done for the day and there 's another race to come moments later . I like to focus on that while I 'm still there and I do n't have time to worry about anything else . " Even his son would like him to ooze greater enthusiasm . Toby 's own hero being Frankie Dettori , the outgoing jockey with the penchant to jump out of the saddle in celebration of victory . Toby loves Frankie and , for that matter , dad does too , listing him alongside Kieren Fallon and Mick Kinane as the jockeys he aspired to be like . But his idols , ironically , were more of the jump jockey variety , the likes of AP McCoy and Richard Dunwoody despite the fact that Moore only had aspirations to ride on the flat . As a result , while his friends dreamed of growing big , Moore was ever hopeful he would remain small and remembers celebrating the fact he stopped growing at 5ft 7in . That he has achieved so much since the decision aged 17 to forgo his A-levels -- despite opposition from his mother -- sometimes leaves him bemused . "  I did n't think I ever thought what I might achieve or how it might go , " he says . "  You do n't think about those things at 17 or 18 , you just do what you 're doing . I was n't thinking about the future . "  And I 've never been one to seek the limelight . That 's just the way I am . I 'm quite a quiet person . " With royal approval and an increasingly impressive CV , the limelight is inevitably on Moore . In Japan , where he rides for two months of the year for example , he is met at airports and train stations by fans wanting photographs and autographs . But its not all glitz and glamor . It is common for him to fly around the world for a solitary race , racing in what is the equivalent of the middle of the night for him before flying straight back home . At least jet lag does n't have a chance to set in ... Now is a rare quiet period of the year for the quiet man of racing . The next big meeting on the agenda is March 's Dubai World Cup . Should Moore be victorious , do n't expect him to celebrate .	Ryan Moore is generally regarded as the finest jockey in flat racing in the world currently A former footballer in his youth , the diehard Arsenal fan was a relative latecomer to riding Moore is UK monarch 's go-to jockey when it comes to big races
Majuro , Marshall Islands  CNN  -- The mysterious castaway who turned up in the Marshall Islands after saying he spent 13 months at sea has been moved to an undisclosed location to avoid the media , sources familiar with his care told CNN on Saturday . Security around Jose Salvador Alvarenga has tightened since he came ashore last week more than 6,600 miles from where he says he started ; a crush of media has descended on the tiny island nation . Alvarenga , a Salvadoran who lived and worked in Mexico , was moved overnight from the Marshall Islands Resort Hotel in Majuro , the sources said . Security continues to guard the room where Alvarenga was staying at the resort , giving the impression he is still there , according to the sources . Five questions : What is going on ? His return journey to El Salvador this week was postponed because of his health , but Dr. Kennar Briand , chief of staff at Majuro Hospital in the Marshall Islands , says Alvarenga is ready to travel . The castaway will have another medical checkup on Monday to see whether he is fit to return home , Briand said . Alvarenga 's mental health appears to have improved , too , the doctor said . "  He was a bit ` off , ' maybe it 's due to him being in the open for so many months and not talking to people , but I think he is finally getting it back , " Briand said . Alvarenga was released from the hospital in Majuro on Friday , one day after being readmitted because of declining health . Alvarenga 's claims have garnered widespread skepticism about how he could survive for 13 months adrift in the Pacific . But from what officials can tell , they have no reason to doubt him . Panama teen was adrift at sea for 26 days CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Jose Salvador Alvarenga has been moved to an undisclosed location Alvarenga says he was lost at sea for 13 months He has been in and out of the hospital since being found A doctor says that Alvarenga is now ready to travel
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Inside a former church on a suburban London street , a room has been designed to recreate the conditions found in Siberian salt mines . CNN writer Anouk Lorie relaxes in Britain 's first salt cave , in Wandsworth , London . The floor and walls are covered with a thick layer of natural sea salt while particles of dry rock salt are pumped into the room . Welcome to an Eastern European style salt cave which claims to rid asthma and allergy sufferers of their breathing problems through "  salt therapy , " also known as halotherapy . With the sound of waves playing in the background and the sand-like mound of salt underfoot , the place could easily be mistaken for an exotic snow beach . Before entering the salt chamber , visitors are required to wear a shower cap to cover their hair and shoes to preserve the salt 's purity . During each hour-long session they simply sit back , relax and put their feet up while soaking up the saturated air and tranquil atmosphere . Salt therapy claims to work by clearing the airways of mucus and reducing inflammation triggered by allergies to dust , pollen or pollution . Minerals including potassium and magnesium are said to clean out mucus blocking the airways . The treatment is widely used in Eastern Europe and Russia , where people with chronic breathing disorders often spend two to three hours per day in underground salt grottos . The Russian government even approved "  salt caves " for medical use in 1995 . In the U.S. , the trend has been adopted in the Chicago area with the popular Galos Cave . Several spas in other parts of the country have also installed salt breathing rooms . In 2006 , the New England Journal of Medicine published a study on patients with cystic fibrosis who used this kind of saline therapy for 48 weeks . The study found that it was a safe and effective additional therapy for patients . The benefits of salt therapy were first discovered in the late 1800s when workers in Siberian salt mines were found to suffer from a surprisingly small number of respiratory problems . Familiar with such treatments in her hometown , Sofia Benke from Hungary was therefore surprised when she moved to the UK two years ago and discovered there were no salt caves in the country . Have you used the salt cave ? Did it work for you ? Would you visit one ? Tell us in the SoundOff box below "  I was suffering from sinus problems and antibiotics did n't work . I had heard so many stories of how salt caves had treated friends ' problems , so I decided to open one in London , " the 30-year-old told CNN . The salt , which has no additives , is shipped in from Lithuania . Benke 's patients vary from six-month-olds to 65-year-olds and most are asthmatic children who come in with their parents . Ideally , treatment lasts one to two weeks and patients need to be in the cave for one to two hours every day , Benke says . The room 's temperature and salt concentration depending on the patients ' condition . The benefits are then said to last for up to 12 months . Each session costs around $ 56 and the first one is free . Many of the patients have reported positive results . Twenty-eight-year-old yoga instructor Tish Webster , who has always suffered from hay fever and severe allergies to dust , told CNN she noticed results after three sessions . "  I noticed first thing in the morning I was n't as congested as I usually am . Having now done ten sessions , I have n't yet taken an allergy tablet this year , which is incredible for me . " Despite the positive testimonials , the therapy has not yet been recognized by the UK 's National Health Service  NHS  and at least one study suggests the therapy should be used as a complementary therapy , not as an alternative . Dr Elaine Vickers of Asthma UK , said : "  It 's currently impossible for us to say whether or not salt caves are beneficial for people with asthma . However , some people say they find them helpful . "  Our advice to people with asthma is to follow the recommendations of your doctor or asthma nurse , and to keep them informed if you decide to try a complementary treatment such as halotherapy . " Other health practitioners say stopping medication like steroids for asthma and only opting for alternative care can be dangerous and counter-productive . But , according to Benke , some of her patients have stopped medication , not because she urged them to . "  I would never do that , " she said . The reason for this is because their symptoms were no longer present after undergoing salt therapy , she said .	A salt cave clinic in London says it can treat respiratory illnesses like asthma Treatment is based on a room recreating the conditions of Siberian salt mines The process is called salt therapy , also known as halotherapy
CNN  -- Cycling legend Lance Armstrong -- a survivor of testicular cancer -- and girlfriend Anna Hansen are expecting a baby , CNN learned on Tuesday through his charitable organization . Cyclist Lance Armstrong has announced he will come out of retirement and race once again in the Tour de France . The baby is due in June . Armstrong was diagnosed in 1996 with testicular cancer that had spread to his brain , lungs and abdomen . He underwent treatment for the disease and was able to return to cycling , eventually winning seven consecutive Tour de France 's . The harsh chemotherapy left him unable to have children , although he and then-wife Kristin Richards had three children using sperm the cyclist had donated before the treatment . Armstrong and Hansen , however , are expecting without the use of any artificial fertilization process . "  This is a hopeful thing for testicular cancer survivors , " CNN medical correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta said . "  It means his body healed from the chemotherapy and surgery . " Armstrong retired from cycling after his seventh Tour de France win in 2005 , and focused his energy on the Lance Armstrong Foundation  livestrong.org  , which supports people affected by cancer . Armstrong founded the organization in 1997 . The 37-year-old Texan announced in September that he was launching a comeback with the goal of winning the Tour de France in 2009 . "  After talking with my children , my family and my closest friends , I have decided to return to professional cycling in order to raise awareness of the global cancer burden , " he wrote on LiveStrong 's Web site . He is training for several races leading up to the Tour de France , including Australia 's Tour Down Under and the Giro d'Italia .	Seven-times Tour de France winner Armstrong is a survivor of testicular cancer The 37-year-old Texan already has three children from his marriage "  This is a hopeful thing for all testicular cancer survivors , " says Sanjay Gupta
Marco Rubio needed to get back on the radar after his fellow Floridian , Jeb Bush , jolted the political world this week with an announcement that he was considering a presidential run . The Republican senator got help from an unlikely source : President Barack Obama Rubio seized on Obama 's decision to thaw relations with Cuba to become the first -- and most forceful -- of the potential 2016 presidential contenders to oppose the move . He appeared on every major news network except for MSNBC on Wednesday , hammering Obama as "  willfully ignorant " on U.S.-Cuba relations and promising to do everything within his power as an incoming chairman of a subcommittee that handles Cuba policy to "  unravel " the administration 's plans . He spoke in both English and Spanish , and couched his opposition in his own family story , as the son of two immigrants who fled Cuba . But more than an opportunity , seizing on the development is a necessity for the senator as he stares down the man -- who has been a mentor of sorts to the young conservative star -- that many Republicans are calling the "  elephant in the room " crowding others out of the presidential race . Bush 's announcement on Tuesday that he 's "  actively exploring " a run for president immediately shifted the dynamic of the GOP presidential primary fight . Many political observers believe that Rubio wo n't run if Bush does -- and , more than that , Rubio ca n't run if Bush does . Indeed , GOP donors say his announcement has already begun to lock up much of the establishment money . And with the political establishment already speaking out in favor of Bush , Rubio 's path to the nomination has narrowed . Bush associates insist the two are n't at odds on the Cuba issue , noting the former Governor also came out staunchly opposed in a statement later Wednesday . "  I do n't see how this is a ` fight ' between them , " a spokeswoman said . "  The President made a very ill-advised decision and two Florida leaders who have engaged on the issue for decades engaged . " But the U.S. policy shift on Cuba offers Rubio a unique opportunity to regain control of the national spotlight , and draw a stark comparison with Bush in style , if not in substance . Rick Wilson , a Florida-based GOP operative with ties to Rubio , noted that he came out early and aggressively on the issue , where Bush hesitated . "  All the way across the board he was the guy you could count on yesterday to correctly assess the situation . He became the counterweight against the the president , " he said . "  Bush handled it , but it was later in the news cycle . " The issue of U.S.-Cuba relations also gives him an opportunity to show his ability to get things done on Capitol Hill . Incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said he 's on board with whatever Rubio says on the issue . And if the senator keeps his promise to block the administration 's moves at every opportunity , he 'll keep his name and message in the media even as other Republican contenders ramp up their own campaigns and draw much of the party 's attention . But more than that , the administration 's announcement was an opening for Rubio to highlight what his supporters say is his best rationale for running -- and why his choice , aides insist , will have nothing to do with what Bush decides : His compelling personal story . The party acknowledged after the 2012 elections that it ca n't compete nationally if it does n't mitigate its deep deficit with Latinos . Both Rubio and Bush are seen as credible messengers to that demographic group -- they both speak fluent Spanish , and Bush 's wife was born in Mexico . But Rubio is the son of immigrants , and his supporters say that gives his message a particular resonance . And they note that he 's one of the youngest potential contenders in the field . "  The Cuba situation ties into everything that makes Marco Marco , which is he understands , from the position of a son of two immigrants , what it means to come from a country like that to this one , " said Matt Keelen , a GOP fundraiser and Rubio supporter . "  It fits into what I believe , if he runs , his theme is going to be -- which is the lack of belief in the American Dream , " he added .	Rubio seized on Obama Cuba moves Rubio ecome the first -- and most forceful -- of the potential 2016 presidential contenders to oppose the move
CNN  -- Rafael Nadal won his first European clay title of the season and 27th Masters tournament victory of his career at the Madrid Open after his opponent Kei Nishikori was forced to retire through injury . Nadal had won seven straight games to lead 3-0 in the third set when the match was halted having lost the first set 6-2 and come from a break down to win the second 6-4 . Nishikori had struggled with a back spasm in Saturday 's dramatic semifinal victory over Nadal 's fellow Spaniard , David Ferrer , and the injury returned to haunt him on Sunday . Although disappointed to lose his first Masters final in in such an unfortunate manner , the Japanese can take comfort from his performances this week which will see him break into the world top 10 for the first time when the latest rankings are released Monday . Nishikori out-played Nadal for a set and a half with some aggressive shot making and big winners . After the trainer was called seven games into the second set , however , it was clear that Nishikori 's movement was inhibited . Nadal capitalized to break twice and level the match at a set apiece . The third set was an anti-climax by comparison with Nadal easing ahead of his injured opponent before Nishikori decided he could n't continue . "  I am very disappointed about what happened today in this final , " said Nishikori after the match . "  Unfortunately , I was hurting already and I tried to fight but Rafa was too good today , so congratulations to him . " As ever , Nadal was gracious in victory . "  I 'm very sorry for Nishikori . He 's an unbelievable player that will fight to be in London  at the ATP World Tour Finals  , " he said . "  Winning at home is always more special than winning anywhere . Having the chance to play in front of your home crowd ... is unforgettable for me , " he added . Sharapova bounces back Earlier , Maria Sharapova recovered from a horrendous start to defeat Romania 's Simona Halep 1-6 , 6-2 , 6-3 to claim the women 's title . The Russian lost the first four games of the match to the World No. 5 and conceded the first set in less than half-an-hour . Sharapova turned things around as the game progressed and has now won seven of her last nine titles on a clay , a surface once far from her favorite . Speaking on court after the match , the 27-year-old said : "  Last year I lost in the finals and I really wanted to go one extra step this year , and it 's just been such a fantastic week . "  Simona and I had played a couple of times before , but she 's really on a different level now  having risen from 64th position in the world rankings this time last year  . I do n't know how I pulled it off . "	Rafael Nadal wins Madrid Open after Kei Nishikori retires in third set Victory is Nadal 's 27th Masters tournament win in trophy laden career Nishikori will break into world 's top 10 for first time on Monday
LONDON , England -- French Euro 2008 qualification hopes were dealt a blow on Monday when Bolton striker Nicolas Anelka was ruled out of the critical midweek qualifier against Lithuania in Nantes . Bolton striker Anelka celebrates his goal in Saturday 's 6-0 victory against the Faroe Islands . Anelka , who has hit 11 goals in 42 international appearances , suffered a thigh injury in Saturday 's 6-0 thrashing of the Faroe Islands and has returned to his English Premier League club for treatment . France must win their final two Group B games -- they complete their program away to Ukraine on November 21 -- if they are to be sure of a place in next year 's finals to be jointly hosted by Austria and Switzerland . Les Bleus are currently in third place one point behind Italy and two points adrift of group leaders Scotland who play in Georgia on Wednesday . The Italians play in Scotland on November 17 and complete their fixtures at home to the Faroe Islands four days later . France , meanwhile , are also without five-cap Sevilla defender Julien Escude who has failed to recover from an injury suffered before the weekend win . E-mail to a friend	France striker Nicolas Anelka will miss midweek Euro tie against Lithuania Seville defender Julien Escude also injured for vital qualifying tie in Nantes France must win final two matches to be certain of a slot in the 2008 finals
Health.com  -- There 's a food movement afoot : Eating well to look , feel , and perform our very best is hot . And as Jamie Oliver and Michelle Obama alike are showing us , this is n't a matter of choking down foods because they 're good for you . It 's about filling your plate with delicious fare . "  Food , if it 's chosen well , can reshape our medical destinies for the better , " says Dr. David Katz , director of the Yale Prevention Research Center . It can also improve our mood and focus . Here 's how to graze your way to a supercharged you . Power up : Your stamina Artichokes . If you 've been huffing and puffing up the stairs lately , try these spiky-leafed vegetables . They 're loaded with magnesium , a mineral vital for more than 300 biochemical reactions in the body , including one of the most important -- generating energy , says Forrest Nielsen , a U.S. Department of Agriculture research nutritionist . "  If you 're not getting enough magnesium , your muscles have to work harder to react and you tire more quickly . " And about 68 % of us are n't getting our proper share of this mighty mineral . For women , the goal is 320 milligrams  mg  per day . One medium artichoke gets you 77 mg of magnesium  a good deal for only 60 calories !  . Other top sources include nuts , legumes , and whole grains . Spinach . These tasty leaves are a great source of iron  especially if you do n't eat meat  , which is a key component in red blood cells that fuel our muscles with oxygen for energy . But researchers in Sweden recently identified another way in which these greens might keep you charged : Compounds found in spinach actually increase the efficiency of our mitochondria , the energy-producing factories inside our cells . That means eating a cup of cooked spinach a day may give you more lasting power on the elliptical machine  or in your daily sprint to catch the bus  . Health.com : The best foods for every vitamin and mineral Power up : Your mood Walnuts . Walnuts are packed with tryptophan , an amino acid your body needs to create the feel-great chemical serotonin .  In fact , Spanish researchers found that walnut eaters have higher levels of this natural mood-regulator .  Another perk : "  They 're digested slowly , " Katz says . "  This contributes to mood stability and can help you tolerate stress . " Asparagus . Those green spears are one of the best veggie sources of folate , a B vitamin that could help keep you out of a slump . "  Folate is important for the synthesis of the neurotransmitters dopamine , serotonin , and norepinephrine , " says Dr. David Mischoulon , associate professor of psychiatry at Harvard Medical School . All of these are crucial for mood . A cup of cooked asparagus has 268 micrograms  mcg  -- two-thirds of the 400 mcg RDA for women . Add a cup of enriched pasta -- which is fortified with folic acid , the synthetic form of folate -- and you 'll have a feel-good meal indeed . Health.com : Healthy recipes to boost your mood Power up : Your skin Salmon . There 's wrinkle prevention on your plate : "  Salmon is rich in a fatty acid called eicosapentaenoic acid  EPA  , a type of omega-3 that naturally helps block the release of UV-induced enzymes that diminish collagen , causing lines and sagging skin , " says Dr. Ariel Ostad , a dermatologist in New York City . Bonus : Omega-3s also regulate oil production in the skin and boost hydration , which helps keep your complexion dewy and acne-free . Strawberries . They may not have the smoothest complexion themselves , but strawberries can get you one . They 're loaded with antioxidants that help your skin repair damage caused by environmental factors like pollution and UV rays . Plus , they 're packed with vitamin C  less than a cup gets you your entire 75 mg RDA  -- the vitamin associated with fewer wrinkles and less dryness , per research in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition . Try them in a homemade facial , too . "  Direct application of the antioxidants in strawberries -- as well as the natural exfoliant they contain , alpha-hydroxy acid -- will give you great results , " Ostad says . Health.com : The best diets for your skin Power up : Your memory Eggs . Have your over-easies before you hit the Easter egg hunt . The yolks are chock-full of choline , a key nutrient for recall . "  Your body needs choline to make a brain chemical called acetylcholine , crucial for storing memories , " says Dr. Steven Zeisel , director of the Nutrition Research Institute at the University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill . The recommended dietary allowance  RDA  for choline is 425 mg . There are 147 mg in a large egg ; other good options are nuts and red meat . Blueberries . Eat them regularly and you may reap big brain benefits . In one recent study , people with age-related memory decline who drank roughly two and a half cups of blueberry juice per day for 12 weeks  the equivalent of eating a cup of blueberries  made significant improvements on memory and learning tests compared with those who drank a placebo juice . The secret component ? A type of antioxidant called anthocyanins , says study co-author Robert Krikorian , professor of clinical psychiatry at the University of Cincinnati : "  Anthocyanins have been shown in animal studies to increase signals among brain cells and improve their resilience , enhancing learning and memory . " Health.com : 9 foods that may help save your memory Power up : Your weight loss Spring garlic . The slim-you benefit of this seasonal treat lies in a compound called allicin , which gives garlic its pungent smell . "  Allicin may keep you from overeating by stimulating satiety in the brain , " says Tara Gidus , a dietitian in Orlando . Spring garlic has a milder , sweeter taste than the dried white bulbs you buy later in the season . Enjoy it diced on salad for a fat-fighting side or lunch . Legumes . Beans are one of your best bets if you 're trying to drop pounds , says Dr. Joseph Colella , a bariatric surgeon at Magee-Womens Hospital in Pittsburgh . "  Your body has to work to break down the bean to get through the fiber , " he explains , "  so you 're actually expending energy to digest it . " Even better , Colella says , the protein in legumes activates an "  I 'm satisfied " message in the hunger center of your brain . Health.com : Best superfoods for weight loss Copyright Health Magazine 2011	Wise food choices can help us feel and look better Foods like spinach , walnuts and blueberries can pack a health punch Salmon and strawberries can help energize your skin
Editor 's note : Ted Sorensen was special counsel and adviser to President John F. Kennedy . Ted Sorensen says the Kennedys are not American royalty , but have dedicated themselves to service . NEW YORK  CNN  -- With the death of John F. Kennedy 's brother , Senator Edward M Kennedy , and their sister , Eunice Shriver , the founder of the Special Olympics for the developmentally challenged , there has been a wealth of news stories -- obituaries and otherwise -- about the recurring tragedies endured by what some call America 's "  royal family . " All of these comments are well intended but off the mark . The Kennedys have been a remarkable family since its founding roughly a century ago by Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . But , its members have never asked for pity or privilege . Their history has emphasized more success than tragedy . Their love of family and country stood out during some of the most cynical and selfish periods in recent American history . Like any large family , particularly one which deservedly remained in the public eye for many decades , a large number of afflictions and setbacks , also in the public eye , was unavoidable . Nevertheless , the members of that family have never considered themselves "  royal " or entitled to special privileges . We have no royalty in America , but ever since the Adams family sent several generations to public service in the earliest days of our nationhood , other families have demonstrated similar interests and commitments to public service . The Kennedys were taught as children and genuinely believed that American citizenship was a special privilege and honor , in return for which every citizen had an obligation to serve and help the country . Even the youngest generation of Kennedys today acts not out of a sense of entitlement but a sense of commitment . From the beginning , those members of the family who held or sought public office had the courage to take public positions on controversial issues , not always approved by the leaders of their party , church or respective constituencies . Nevertheless , they stood up and spoke out for what they believed was right , regardless of political and personal consequences . In short , they have had a proud tradition of becoming -- not merely writing about -- profiles in courage . As the result of the elder Joseph P. Kennedy 's success in business , many of his descendants could have lived lives of luxury and ease . After all , they liked family fun , in the sun , on the water , sometimes competing with as well as teasing each other . Yet , they devoted and donated more of their valuable time than most families to the service of others , their country , their communities , and those who did not have their good fortune , good education and good opportunities to lead . President John F. Kennedy was their star , their pride , their model and their leader . But his siblings , Robert , Edward , Eunice , Pat and Jean all played their own special roles , making their own special contributions throughout their lives . This country has long been a wealthy country , with all its wealth of brilliant and devoted leaders and traditional ideals . But it would have been a much poorer country without the Kennedys . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Sorensen .	Ted Sorensen : People have focused on the tragedies endured by Kennedy family He says focus should be on how family has been dedicated to public service Sorensen : Their love of family and country stood out in a selfish era
CNN  -- Hollywood producers could n't have written Colton Harris-Moore 's story better if they had dreamed it up themselves . No one was surprised to hear that 20th Century Fox jumped at the chance to purchase the rights for a film based on the 19-year-old Washington native 's exploits . Harris-Moore , suspected of stealing automobiles , boats and airplanes , as well as committing a number of other thefts , earned his nickname -- the Barefoot Bandit -- by committing some of his crimes without shoes . In 2009 , police found footprints in an Iowa airport hangar . Harris-Moore was apprehended on July 11 after a high-speed boat chase in the Bahamas . He has since been moved to Miami , Florida , where he appeared before a federal judge at an identity hearing . He is being transferred to a federal prison in Seattle , Washington . His story , which mirrors 2002 's "  Catch Me If You Can " -- based on the true story of con-artist Frank Abagnale Jr. -- has people talking , although details of the "  Barefoot " film are still under lock and key . "  I wrote when he first started running that he would get a movie deal , " CNN commenter SICKBOY70 wrote . "  They offered him a reward to come in that was nowhere near what the movie people would offer . " Another CNN.com commenter , BostonChuck , wrote : "  It 's a good thing he was caught , he was breaking the law . However ... this all seems like something out of Hollywood . It 's going to make a heck of a movie ! " The prospect of a film version also has Hollywood casting directors talking about which young actor might play the role of the barefoot bandit . "  Crash " and "  Iron Man " casting director Randi Hiller did n't hesitate when asked which young Hollywood star would make a good barefoot bandit . " -LSB- ` Percy Jackson ' star -RSB- Logan Lerman . ... He 's young , he 's charming and he 's a really good actor , " Hiller said . Lerman 's charm could come in handy , too . Hiller said It 's important to cast a likable young man because , while the Barefoot Bandit may be in the wrong , he 's also the protagonist . "  You kind of root for him , even though he 's done something really , really wrong , " she added . Regardless of who nabs the role , Hiller said the film is sure to do well . "  Everybody wants more information . " The movie will most likely follow the tone of "  Catch Me If You Can , " Hiller said . "  It 's not laugh out loud funny , but there 's definitely amusing bits . " Casting director Tammara Billik , who also made the connection between the Barefoot Bandit and Leonardo DiCaprio 's "  Catch Me If You Can , " said the movie will be a success , whether it 's on the big screen or the flat screen . When casting a role like this one , it 's important to choose an actor who resembles the other person , she said . However , Billik added , it 's important to remember that "  his story is more familiar than his face . " "  You do n't want somebody who ca n't act , but looks exactly like the guy , " she added , noting that it might be difficult to find an actor with Harris-Moore 's 6-foot-5 frame -- which is why she suggests taller actors like "  Friday Night Lights ' " Zach Gilford and "  The Last Song 's " Liam Hemsworth .	Source : It 's important to choose an actor who resembles the bandit One casting director says "  Percy Jackson " star Logan Lerman should play the role The movie will most likely follow the tone of "  Catch Me If You Can , " a source says
LOS ANGELES  CNN  -- Since he opened his first restaurant in the heart of Beverly Hills in the early eighties , Wolfgang Puck has gone on to become a household name in the U.S. Puck says L.A. has perfect weather , "  fabulous light and very little rain " His chain of airport restaurants stretch across the states while his brand adorns everything from pizzas to non-stick pans . He lives in Los Angeles with his second wife and their two young children . CNN : What first drew you to L.A. ? Wolfgang Puck : I came to the U.S. when I was 24 . I spent a month in New York and a year in Indianapolis but I always dreamt about the beaches in California . I had a blue 1967 Cadillac . In 1974 I packed my suitcases , put them in a trailer and drove straight to L.A. . It took me five days to drive from Indianapolis . Watch Wolfgang Puck take CNN on a tour of L.A. " CNN : What has kept you here all these years ? Wolfgang Puck : In L.A. you live in a big city , but you feel like you 're in the countryside . For example , I can be at home in the swimming pool and be five minutes from everything . It has the perfect weather -- the movie industry started here because of the fabulous light and very little rain . See pictures of Wolfgang Puck 's Los Angeles CNN : Does everyone in L.A. want to be an actor ? Wolfgang Puck : It 's a city of dreams . It 's nice to dream but a lot of people forget it 's very difficult . They think you become Cate Blanchett or Jack Nicholson just like that , but these people paid their dues . They forget how much time it took them to get there and how good they really are . CNN : You are the official caterer to the Oscars . It must an exciting event to be part of . Wolfgang Puck : When we cater the Governor 's Ball , we have 300 people in the kitchen and 600 in the dining room . It goes very fast and it 's done the right way . I remember Michael Caine came to Spago  Puck 's flagship Beverly Hills eaterie  the Monday after the awards with his family and said could he get the same dish that he ate at the awards , which means we really nailed it . CNN : How has the city inspired your cooking ? Wolfgang Puck : For me , cooking is an expression of the land where you are and the culture of that place . L.A. is a melting pot of many different cultures and we have fabulous ingredients here . If you go to San Diego , San Francisco you can get the best vegetables , the best fruits , sea food -- all these wonderful ingredients . CNN : How does L.A. compare with New York ? Wolfgang Puck : New Yorkers think they have everything , all the best art and music . But really L.A. is a better place . Some of the most famous artists in the world work right here . CNN : You 're a big fan of modern art . How did that start ? Wolfgang Puck : I got interested in contemporary art because I worked in a restaurant right across the street from a gallery where they made prints for people like David Hockney . The artists came for lunch at the restaurant so I used to talk to them . Hockney made the first cover of my cook book ; I had Andy Warhol do the label for our wine . I feel that painting is in some way like cooking -- if you add a little more blue , a little less blue it does n't matter . The same thing with cooking : a little of this , a little bit more of that . As long as the end result is beautiful , that 's what counts . CNN : If L.A. was personified , what would they be like ? Wolfgang Puck : A person who enjoys themselves . They do a great job at work but also can have a good time . To me that 's what life is all about .	Puck arrived in L.A. in a blue 1967 Cadillac , driving five days from the Midwest The city 's melting pot of cultures has helped inspire his cuisine Many of Hollywood 's biggest names come to dine in his restaurants
CNN  -- Gossip Girl is heading south of the border . Mexican producer Pedro Torres released details this week about his plans for "  Gossip Girl Acapulco , " a revamped Spanish-language version of the U.S. show , which ended its six-season run on the CW Network late last year . The popular primetime soap gave viewers a glimpse of the "  scandalous lives of Manhattan 's elite " through the eyes of its title character , known for posting rumors online . In the Mexican version , co-produced with Warner Brothers International Television Production , "  the drama has become tropical without losing its essence , " Mexico 's state-run Notimex news agency said Thursday , citing Torres . If cast photos released by the show 's producers are any indication , the show 's characters have different names , but similar looks to their U.S. counterparts . The show wo n't hit the airwaves until later in the year , but the Mexican version of Gossip Girl is making her presence known -- where else ? -- on social media . Its Twitter page , @GGAcapulco , already has more than 4,000 followers . The show is set to start filming next week .	Mexican producer Pedro Torres reveals plans for "  Gossip Girl Acapulco " Notimex : "  The drama has become tropical without losing its essence " The show is set to start filming next week
CNN  -- Two goals from Colombian striker Falcao put Atletico Madrid in the driving seat as they defeated fellow Spanish side Valencia 4-2 in the first leg of their Europa League semifinal . The 26-year-old took his goal tally for the season to 32 as Diego Simone 's side took a commanding lead in their final four clash at the Vicente Calderon Stadium . Goals from Miranda and Adrian sandwiched Falcao 's brace , but Ricardo Costa 's injury time header , which added to Jonas ' earlier strike , gave Valencia hope ahead of the second leg next week . In the other semifinal , two late goals helped Portuguese side Sporting Lisbon to a 2-1 home victory over another Spanish side , Athletic Bilbao . Chelsea stun Barcelona in Champions League semifinal It took Atletico just 18 minutes to break the deadlock against Valencia , as they came out of the traps quicker than their opponents . Turkish international Arda Turan managed to keep the ball alive as Adil Rami looked to shepherd it out for a goal kick , but a deflection took it into Falcao 's path and he nodded into the far corner . Against the run of play , Jonas pulled Valencia level in injury time at the end of the first half as he turned home Rami 's header from point blank range . But Atletico eased in front after the restart when Brazilian midfielder Diego picked out Miranda from a free kick and the centre half found the net . Five minutes later it was 3-1 as Adrian pounced on a mistake from Mehmet Topal to drive into the area and finish beyond Valencia goalkeeper Diego Alves . And when Falcao grabbed his second , beating two men before powering a shot in off the underside of the crossbar , Atletico looked on the brink of a Europa League final place . But the gloss was taken off their excellent performance in stoppage time as Ricardo Costa headed into the net with practically the final touch of the game to hand Valencia a crucial second away goal . In the night 's other tie , Sporting Lisbon battled back from a goal down to ensure they will take a 2-1 lead to Spain in the second leg of their final four clash with Athletic Bilbao . The visitors took the lead in Portugal when Jon Aurtenetxe turned home Markel Susaeta 's cross from six yards out . But Sporting got just reward for their dominance as they grabbed two goals in the final 15 minutes . Emiliano Insua brought the teams level with a header before Diego Capel lashed a shot into the bottom corner . The Europa League final will be played in the Romanian capital Bucharest on May 9 .	Atletico Madrid beat fellow Spaniards Valencia 4-2 in their Europa League semifinal first leg Falcao scores twice for Atletico but late goal for Valencia takes gloss off their win Portugal 's Sporting Lisbon come from behind to beat Athletic Bilbao 2-1 in other tie Goals from Diego Capel and Emiliano Insua cancel out Jon Aurtenetxe 's opener
CNN  -- British innovator James Dyson , who has built a multi-billion dollar empire around his distinctive vacuum cleaners , has described patent laws across Europe as "  absolute madness " , saying they are unhelpful for inventors and small businesses . Dyson told CNN he wants the patent system in Europe radically overhauled . Over the last four decades , Dyson said , he has been affected enormously by people copying his ideas . Government leaders are continuously telling businesses that innovation drives the economy . But Dyson points to the red tape surrounding the patenting process as being a massive hurdle for businesses wanting to develop ideas . "  The problem with inventing : as soon as you file a patent they see what you are doing and they can see ways to get around it , " said Dyson , who made his fortune inventing a bagless vacuum . The 64-year-old is an outspoken critic of Chinese counterfeiters , calling on governments to do more to protect intellectual property rights . Problems can arise because of the wording of the patents , Dyson said . "  There are no diagrams or drawings and often something hinges on the particular phrasing of the patent . " According to Dyson , if it is obvious someone has copied another person 's ideas they should be dealt with without the parties going through a protracted legal battle . "  There should n't be this endless rigmarole of ` could this have been devised by one skilled in the art ? ' " Because the current system involves many expenses due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent , a Europe-wide patent is the answer , according to Dyson . "  You have to file in each country , you have to translate in each country , sue in each country , renews in each country -- it 's seen as a profit center for each country . " Issues surrounding plagiarism are not limited to businesses , with consumers also feeling the impact of the high cost of producing and securing new inventions , Dyson said . Energy-saving and cost effective products and technology wo n't be created because of the enormous upfront investment it takes to develop them , he said "  It 's anticompetitive to make copying easy . " CNN 's Emily Smith contributed to this story .	British innovator James Dyson has described patent laws across Europe as "  absolute madness " Dyson says the current system involves many expenses due to varying jurisdictions throughout the continent He says a Europe-wide patent is the answer
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Three civilians and a police officer were killed Wednesday after militants fired two rockets at security checkpoints in Pakistan 's western city of Quetta . Police spokesman Abdullah Afridi said militants fired the rockets along Saryab Road , injuring an additional 15 people . Earlier this month , four civilians were killed and 10 were injured when a bomb exploded near a security patrol in Pakistan 's Balochistan province , police told CNN . Balochistan has long been plagued by sectarian violence between Sunnis and Shias , and separatist Baloch militant groups who demand political autonomy . Quetta , Balochistan 's provincial capital , is widely believed to be a safe haven for senior leaders of the Afghan Taliban , but rarely are militant attacks in Balochistan linked to them .	3 civilians and a police officer were killed Wednesday in a rocket attack Police say the attack injured an additional 15 people Quetta is Balochistan 's provincial capital
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The commander for NATO forces in Afghanistan said Wednesday that more military presence is "  needed as quickly as possible . " U.S. troops are seeing an increased threat in Afghanistan , Gen. David McKiernan says . Gen. David McKiernan said the additional military capability is needed because of "  an increased number of fighters " coming into Afghanistan from Pakistan 's lawless tribal regions . "  It 's a significant increase from what we saw this time last year , " he said at the Pentagon . "  We 're facing a tougher threat right now , especially in the east where we have the U.S. division , " he said . "  And so the additional military capability -LSB- is -RSB- needed as quickly as possible . " He said what 's necessary includes "  boots on the ground " as well as support such as "  helicopters , increased intelligence assets , logistics , transportation and so on . " Just over a week ago , Defense Secretary Robert Gates said that a Marine battalion will head to Afghanistan in November and an Army brigade in January , but no more forces will be available for deployment to Afghanistan until spring or summer of 2009 . The week before Gates ' announcement , McKiernan had asked for four more brigades -- three more than the one approved to go in January . Three brigades add up to as many as 12,000 troops . The defense secretary , speaking before the Senate Armed Services Committee last month , expressed caution about adding too many troops in Afghanistan . "  I think we need to think about how heavy a military footprint the U.S. ought to have in Afghanistan , " he told the committee . Instead , Gates said , there should be a focus on increasing the size of the Afghan army . McKiernan , who took command of NATO 's International Security Assistance Force earlier this year , said his request of an additional 3,500 people to train the Afghan army and police is still under review . McKiernan noted that he is "  cautiously optimistic " regarding Pakistan 's military operations against Taliban and al Qaeda fighters inside its borders . "  What we 're seeing is Pakistani leadership taking on a deteriorated militant sanctuary in the tribal areas that has deteriorated over last several years , " he said . McKiernan said it is "  probably too early " to see if Pakistan 's military clampdown in its tribal areas has had any effect on stemming militant activity in Afghanistan . "  We 're watching those very closely to see if there 's a cause and effect with the strength of the insurgency on the Afghan side of the border , " he said . "  But we think that 's a positive step that they are taking on those militant sanctuaries . "	More foreign fighters entering Afghanistan from Pakistan , general says "  We 're facing a tougher threat , " so more troops needed "  as quickly as possible " U.S. Gen. David McKiernan commands NATO forces in Afghanistan McKiernan has sought three more brigades of U.S. troops than one promised
CNN  -- Three Iranian prison officials have been charged with murder after three imprisoned protesters were beaten to death in the aftermath of the country 's disputed presidential election , Iranian media reported Saturday . Iran 's military court announced that nearly two dozen officials from Tehran 's Kahrizak prison were indicted ; of those , there is enough evidence to prosecute 12 , Iran 's semi-official Fars news agency reported . Three were charged with premeditated murder for participating in the beatings ; nine will face other unspecified charges . The judiciary did not identify the defendants . Kahrizak officials initially said that Mohsen Rouhol-Amini , Amir Javadifar , and Mohammad Kamrani died of meningitis , according to the judiciary . However , a coroner 's reported indicated that the three were severely beaten behind bars by prison personnel , and died from their injuries . The judiciary also blamed the prison 's medical shortcomings and sub-par conditions as factors in the men 's deaths . Iranian media first reported the three protesters ' deaths nearly two weeks after Ayatollah Ali Khamenei , Iran 's supreme leader , ordered the Kahrizak facility shut down amid reports of prisoner mistreatment . In the wake of the deaths , authorities fired and arrested Kahrizak 's warden . The three protesters were among some 4,000 people arrested in connection with protests following the June 12 presidential election . Thousands of Iranians demonstrated against the official result of the vote , which re-elected hardline President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The government said he won by a landslide , but his opponents accused officials of rigging the results . The opposition to the results and the mass arrests were a blow to Iran 's Islamic leadership . Further tarnishing the image of the government 's handling of the demonstrations was the identification of 72 protesters killed during the unrest , released by Iranian reformist Web site Norooz in September . Putting the prison officials on trial is an attempt by the government to build credibility and maintain public order , some scholars say . But , they argue , it 's a political move that will likely fail . "  Ayatollah Khamenei will be the loser no matter what happens , " said Ali Alfoneh , a research fellow at the Washington-based American Enterprise Institute who has researched the relationship between Iranian civilians and the Islamic Revolutionary Guard . "  Does it make him more credible in the eyes of the government -- no , I do n't think so . " He said the guards would likely be prosecuted in a "  show trial , " noting that the Iranian government has orchestrated such trials in the past by giving in to public demands for accountability , but without holding high-ranking officials responsible for their roles in any wrongdoing . Another expert described the defendants as "  scapegoats . " "  Even if they are some lowly soldier or some lowly revolutionary guard who was doing this , it was obviously under the order of higher-ups , " said Abbas Milani , director of Iranian studies at Stanford . Amid earlier reports of prisoner mistreatment at Kahrizak , Khamenei ordered the facility shut down . Nearly two weeks later , Iranian media reported the deaths of the protesters . In the wake of the deaths , authorities fired and arrested Kahrizak 's warden . When Gen. Esmaeel Ahmadi Moghadam , commander of Iran 's security forces , announced the arrest of the warden , he also said no one died at Kahrizak from physical abuse and that the inmates died from illnesses . The coroner later disputed that claim . Despite earlier attempts by high-ranking Iranian officials to dispute allegations of abuse of detained protesters , government officials have also promised to investigate the supposed cases . Such a dichotomy reflects Khamenei 's desire to be both "  feared and loved , " Alfoneh said . "  The supreme leader and the regime want to show they are powerful and ca n't be shaken , " he said , "  and , on the other hand , they do n't want to accept responsibility . " In August , Khamenei met with Rouhol-Amini 's father , Abdol-Hossein Rouhol-Amini , vowing that "  the system has no intention to forgive or be courteous to any wrongdoers . " The bereaved father announced on Khamenei 's Web site in September that he was satisfied with how the government was handling the case . But the trial will not help Khamenei 's relationship with the public , Alfoneh said . "  Regardless of what the father says or does not say , the person responsible is Khamenei , " Alfoneh said . "  Whatever he does , he has lost this case . "	NEW : Scholars say defendants are scapegoats in effort to build credibility , maintain order Three charged with murder in beating deaths of protesters imprisoned after election Fars : Enough evidence exists to prosecute 12 officials from Tehran 's Kahrizak prison Officials initially said protesters died of meningitis ; coroner found they died after severe beating
CNN  -- Strike up that "  Pink Panther " theme song and hum along : Da-dum-da-dum , da-dum , da-dum-da-dum-da-dum . Because the closest thing ever to the fictional Pink Panther diamond that sent bumbling Inspector Clouseau on cinematic goose chases is going under the gavel this year . And it is expected to fetch the highest price in history for any diamond ever purchased , says auctioneer Sotheby 's . By the time the bidding battle ceases on November 13 , in Geneva , Switzerland , the chunk of pink ice known as  drum roll  The Pink Star is expected to be SOLD ! for more than 60 million smackeroos . The fictitious Pink Panther had a flaw that looked like a lunging panther , thus its name . The Pink Star , on the other hand , is flawless . Sotheby 's calls it "  the largest internally flawless fancy vivid pink diamond that the Gemological Institute of America has ever graded . " That 's supposed to be very rare . The rock the size of the pope 's ring is 59.6 carats huge . It took two years to cut its dozens of facets out of the original raw stone and polish it into its current oval shape . CNN 's Samira Said contributed to this report .	The 59.6-carat pink diamond goes on auction in November , Sotheby 's says It is internally flawless , which the auctioneer says is rare Diamond cutters needed two years to cut and polish it
CNN  -- The anti-abortion group Live Action released Tuesday its latest undercover video aimed at discrediting Planned Parenthood . The edited video shows a Planned Parenthood staff member apparently counseling a woman about gender-selective abortion . "  I see that you 're saying that you want to terminate if it 's a girl , so are you just wanting to continue the pregnancy in the meantime ? " says a counselor , identified only as Rebecca , in a Planned Parenthood clinic in Austin , Texas . The woman , purported to be in the first trimester of her pregnancy , according to Live Action , says she does not know the gender of her fetus but wants to abort if it turns out to be female . "  The abortion covers you up until 23 weeks , " says Rebecca , "  and usually at five months is usually  sic  when they detect , you know , whether or not it 's a boy or a girl . " The staffer recommends to the woman that she "  just continue and try again " if her fetus turns out to be female . "  Good luck , and I hope that you do get your boy , " Rebecca says . In a statement , Planned Parenthood 's vice president of education , Leslie Kantor , said the staffer was in an entry-level job and is no longer working for the organization . She "  did not follow our protocol for providing information and guidance when presented with a highly unusual patient scenario , " the statement says . The incident occurred six weeks ago and swift action was taken , Kantor adds . "  Within three days of this patient interaction , the staff member 's employment was ended and all staff members at this affiliate were immediately scheduled for retraining in managing unusual patient encounters . " The statement continues , "  Gender bias is contrary to everything our organization works for daily in communities across the country . Planned Parenthood opposes racism and sexism in all forms , and we work to advance equity and human rights in the delivery of health care . Planned Parenthood condemns sex selection motivated by gender bias , and urges leaders to challenge the underlying conditions that lead to these beliefs and practices , including addressing the social , legal , economic , and political conditions that promote gender bias and lead some to value one gender over the other . " Last year , after the anti-abortion group released another undercover video that Live Action said showed staff willing to assist sex trafficking and exploitation of minors and young women , Planned Parenthood announced it would retrain more than 11,000 staff members at more than 800 centers across the United States . The secretly recorded video used a couple portraying themselves as a pimp and a prostitute who were seeking abortions for underage girls . Planned Parenthood said then that employees would be fired in cases of confirmed failure to comply with the group 's procedures for situations involving endangered minors and with states ' mandatory reporting laws for underage girls . After Live Action released undercover videos of four Planned Parenthood health centers in Virginia and one in New Jersey , Planned Parenthood officials fired a staff worker in the New Jersey office , but defended the others , saying they behaved professionally and appropriately reported the incidents to the U.S. Justice Department .	Video shows Planned Parenthood staffer apparently counseling a woman on gender-selective abortion "  Just continue and try again " if the fetus turns out to be female , the counselor says Planned Parenthood says the counselor is no longer working for the organization She "  did not follow our protocol , " says the group 's vice president for education
CNN  -- Tuesday 's deadly suicide attack targeting Afghan Shia just did n't fit the pattern of what had come before in this troubled country . The police formed the usual cordon at the attack site -- this time a shrine in Kabul . Sirens pierced the odd moment of eerie silence , but the police chief 's face was contorted with fury and confusion , like he 'd seen something new and troubling -- even after decades of conflict here . Yes , the insurgency has specialized in hitting targets right in the city center , often meters away from key institutions . Yes , they are aimed for effect . But mass casualty attacks like we used to see in 2009 are rare these days . The insurgents prefer to hit strategic targets -- unless their roadside bombs are maiming civilians elsewhere . And no , the Shia simply were n't targets before . Sectarianism was seldom an issue here : Afghanistan has lacked the Sunni-Shia divide in Iraq that helped to keep Saddam in power but made his fall so bloody . It has been spared the brand of Sunni extremism in Pakistan , where ruthless attacks on Shia are a shocking part of the fabric . The question of who did it was quickly answered but unsatisfactorily . The interior ministry here points its finger at the Taliban , despite an effusive denial from spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid . It 's arguable that an offshoot of the Lashkar-e-Janghvi movement , which reportedly rang in a claim from Pakistan , is capable of mounting a sophisticated , targeted and vicious attack in the very heart of Kabul without some assistance . If they are responsible , it does require some explanation as to how a small , rogue group of extremists -- which has links to al Qaeda and the Pakistan Taliban -- could suddenly develop the capacity to penetrate the capital of a neighboring state . And are Pakistani extremists really operating freely inside Afghanistan now ? Whether the culprits turn out to be the Pakistan-based Haqqani network -- the group blamed for recent high-profile and sophisticated attacks in the capital -- the Lashkar-e-Janghvi al Almi , or another complex part of Afghanistan 's insurgency , fractured and complicated after 10 years , many Afghans place the blame at one source : Pakistan . That 's the "  address " that Kabul thinks the Taliban now resides under . That 's who they blame for most of the ills here , despite simultaneously hoping they will come to the negotiating table and help . But we should not rush to attribute blame for one reason : The advent of Pakistani extremists trying to foment sectarian violence in Afghanistan at this late stage in the war is a prospect too terrifying to behold .	Tuesday 's deadly suicide attack did n't fit pattern of what had come before Mass casualty attacks are rare now : insurgents prefer to hit strategic targets Interior ministry points its finger at Taliban , despite an effusive denial Many Afghans place blame at one source : Pakistan
It began for Nickolay Lamm as a question : What would Barbie look like if she had the dimensions of an average woman ? His answer came in the form of the Lammily doll : a shorter , broader , brunette version of the idealistic blond Mattel doll . Now Lammily is ready to make her debut , complete with a sticker pack that features pimples , moles , cellulite and scars that can be applied . "  I feel she looks so real , so ordinary , that you do n't focus on what she looks like but ... on what she does , " he said by telephone on Wednesday . That perspective helped propel Lamm 's crowd-funding effort to build the doll . The 26-year-old toy maker said the dolls will be mailed to his crowd-funding backers no later than Black Friday , the traditional kickoff for holiday shopping . Thousands more , which were preordered , will also be shipped before the holidays , he said . Here 's what you need to know about Lamm and the doll : Germ of an idea It began in 2013 , when Lamm began playing with the idea of what Barbie would look like as an average woman . But what were those dimensions ? He got the answer from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .  For the record , the CDC says the average American woman weighs 166.2 pounds and has a 37.5 inch waist . The initial version of the doll was an art project of sorts , with Lamm creating a model of the average woman and doing a side-by-side comparison with Barbie . The response to the project was overwhelming , with even actress and singer Demi Lovato taking to Twitter to call Lamm 's doll "  awesome . " The response in turn prompted Lamm 's crowd-funding effort to create the doll . He raised nearly $ 100,000 in a single day , and within 30 days he had raised more than $ 500,000 . Average is beautiful The doll , with its wide hips , thick legs and rounded rump , goes against the concept of the perfect figure . "  The message I want to send is that it 's not what you look like . That does n't define you . What you do does , " he said . Lamm said he took inspiration for the doll from his own experience in high school , which he described as the "  worst time in my life . " "  I really cared about how I looked , and I did n't feel good about myself , " he said . Acne and a clothing line Billed as Lammily Marks , the $ 5.99 accessory pack will be on sale in January . The idea , Lamm said , is two-fold : Realism and innovation . People have acne , tattoos , moles and scars , he said . While realism is an issue , Lamm said to grow the fledgling company there also has to be innovation . "  You have to be one step ahead , " he said . Part of the step also includes launching a doll clothing line , dubbed Lammily 's World of Fashion . Down the road , Lamm said he plans to release a boy doll . Eventually , he said he would like to follow the Build-A-Bear Workshop model , where children could design their own Lammily dolls with custom features . What 's in a name ? The doll is not named Lammily . Rather , Lamm said , that 's the name of the company . "  With the name , I combined by my Lamm and family , " he said . A number of his family members have played a role in helping him develop the doll , including creating the box and the stickers . So , what 's the doll 's name ? Whatever you want it to be , Lamm said . The dolls come with a numbered passport that allows you to name the doll . Lamm said the company website will eventually include a database where people can register the name of their doll . What does Mattel have to say ? Nothing at the moment . Mattel did not return a telephone call from CNN seeking comment about the doll .	The Lammily doll is the antithesis of Barbie The doll 's proportions are based on CDC data , the toy maker says Creator says he took inspiration from his own high school experience
CNN  -- A powerful earthquake struck early Monday in western Iran , injuring at least 250 people in a region near the border with Iraq . Local authorities said they fear the quake may have caused widespread destruction in rural areas . The 6.2-magnitude earthquake hit at a depth of around 10 kilometers  6 miles  in an area 36 kilometers southeast of the Iranian city of Abdanan , the U.S. Geological Survey said . It was followed by a series of aftershocks . The quake injured at least 250 people in the province of Ilam , Iran 's official news agency IRNA reported , citing local disaster management authorities . The tremors cut off water , electricity and phone lines in Abdanan . There were no immediate reports of any deaths . Ilam Governor Majid Asghari told IRNA that authorities expected to find severe destruction in rural areas close to the epicenter , which was roughly 40 kilometers from the Iraqi border and not far from Iranian oil exploration and production facilities . IRNA reported that eight villages were particularly hard hit , with around half the homes in them destroyed . Two weaker earthquakes , of magnitudes 4.8 and 5.0 , had hit Ilam on Sunday , the USGS said . What to know about earthquakes Measuring the magnitude of earthquakes CNN 's Sara Mazloumsaki and Stefan Simons contributed to this report .	NEW : 250 people are injured in two cities in western Iran , state media report A local official tells state media that authorities expect to find heavy damage in rural areas Water , electricity and phone lines have been cut off in Abdanan The 6.2-magnitude quake struck at a depth of 10 kilometers , the USGS says
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Alberto , the first named storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season , formed Saturday off the coast of South Carolina . Forecasters predict fewer hurricanes this year As of 5 p.m. , the storm was located about 140 miles east-southeast of Charleston , South Carolina , with maximum sustained winds of 45 miles per hour , the Miami-based National Hurricane Center said . It was churning southwest at 3 mph . No coastal watches or warning were in effect , though a tropical storm watch could be issued for parts of the coast later Saturday , the Hurricane Center said . Is there severe weather near you ? Share your photos and videos on iReport  but stay safe Despite being over the warm waters of the Gulf Stream , Alberto is not expected to intensify much over the next couple of days . That is due , in part , to the presence of a cool and dry air mass to the north and west of the tropical storm , said CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . The forecast track shows Alberto moving slowly toward the south-southwest over the next day or so and then accelerating rapidly toward the northeast , away from the U.S. coast on Monday . This year marks the first time in recorded history that a tropical storm has formed in both the east Pacific basin and Atlantic basin before the official start of hurricane season , the Hurricane Center said . The Pacific storm was called Aletta . The Atlantic hurricane season officially begins on June 1 .	NEW : It is not expected to intensify much over the next few days Alberto is the first named storm of the 2012 Atlantic hurricane season No watches or warnings are in effect
CNN  -- When the blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng staged his astonishing escape from house arrest , he sought American protection at the U.S. Embassy in Beijing . Six days later , when Chen left the embassy for a local hospital , it looked as if U.S. officials had found a solution that , as the State Department put it , "  reflected his choices and our values . " One official at the U.S. Embassy said Chen was so grateful for America 's help that he told Secretary of State Hillary Clinton on the phone , "  I would like to kiss you . " But the picture is starting to change , with signs emerging that the Obama administration failed to effectively protect Chen . Did the United States betray the Chinese human rights lawyer ? The United States said a deal with China would set Chen free and allow him to relocate within the country along with his family and attend a university . But Chen has told CNN that the U.S. government let him down . The United States insists the activist left the diplomatic compound willingly and wanted to remain in China . However , Chen said he fears for his life , his wife 's safety and wants to leave the country . More troubling , he claims that U.S. officials , instead of extending their protection , pressured him to leave the safety of the embassy . If this is true , it is a dark mark of shame for the United States . Until now , President Obama had a mixed record on human rights . This was an important test for an administration that has favored pragmatism over emotionally satisfying displays . Chen 's unexpected request for shelter at the U.S. Embassy created a terrible dilemma for Washington . Months ago , Clinton had already spoken on his behalf , as human rights groups characterized his detention as wholly illegal . But Chen 's escape to the U.S. Embassy came at the worst possible moment , with Clinton about to visit Beijing for high level meetings on other crucial issues . America 's relationship with China is complicated , to put it mildly . The United States needs Beijing 's cooperation on Iran and North Korea . China is one of America 's top trading partners and its top creditor . The Chinese government does not take well to lectures on human rights , saying that they are a hypocritical construct of the West and are used for political purposes . Even if the issue has merit , Beijing says , it would be an internal matter ; none of America 's business . Chen , who has been blind since childhood , is a self-taught lawyer . He became a fierce advocate for the poor and disabled and gained attention when he exposed abuses of China 's one-child policy , uncovering the brutality of lower level officials who carried out forced abortions and sterilizations on thousands of poor Chinese women . Initially , Beijing heard his case and even arrested some of the offenders . But Chen said Beijing 's actions amounted to very little . As his international profile rose and he redoubled his commitment to empower the people before the government , Chinese authorities turned against him . In 2006 , the Chinese government sent Chen to prison on charges that he disrupted traffic and damaged property , charges that he denies . After he left prison four years later , he and his family were placed under harsh house arrest . Human rights groups say they endured daily beatings and a near-starvation diet . On April 29 , under cover of darkness , Chen climbed the wall that had been built around his house . His blindness meant the dark gave him an advantage over the scores of security personnel that kept watch over him . He had led his captors to believe he was ill , and they lowered their guard even more . Once over the wall , a network of activists helped him , with one of them , He Peirong , driving him 300 miles to the U.S. Embassy in Beijing . She is now under arrest . When President Obama was asked about Chen , he said he was aware of the situation but refused to address it , saying only , "  Every time we meet with China the issue of human rights comes up . " Obama disappointed human rights activists early in his administration when , for example , he resisted coming out strongly in support of pro-democracy activists in Iran , claiming it would not be helpful to "  meddle " when hundreds of thousands took to the streets . He was criticized for canceling a meeting with the Dalai Lama , and after he finally met him , for having him leave through a back door to lower the profile of the meeting , in order to sooth China . His continuing support for some dictatorships and tepid , inconsistent positions on the Arab uprisings have also spurred criticism . At the same time , his pragmatic diplomacy appears to have borne fruit , most notably in Myanmar . And human rights activists say he has come a long way since his earlier stumbles . The Chen case , however , could become iconic . If the Obama administration can not explain what went wrong , it will have opened itself to criticism from human rights advocates and from Republican rivals , that he badly fumbled . The Chinese government has demanded an apology from Washington for helping Chen and for interfering in Chinese domestic affairs . But the Obama administration , which claimed it had stayed true to American values in the Chen case , needs to prove that it has the moral strength to stand up for one courageous individual who sought help . This is not just about Chen . It is about universal principles of human rights , really , and about America 's willingness to defend them on the global stage . The whole world is watching . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Blind Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng escaped from house arrest Frida Ghitis : He sought help from U.S. embassy , but now it seems he is being abandoned She says deal the U.S. and China made over Chen appears to go counter to his wish Ghitis : Obama needs to stand up for Chen and the universal value of human rights
CNN  -- Seven and a half years after allegedly fatally shooting his wife in the back and head , a now 42-year-old man is in custody -- in Italy , according to the U.S. Marshals Service . Italian authorities arrested Miguel Torres on Friday at his home in the northern city of Bologna , the U.S. Marshals Service announced . His capture came after the U.S. Marshals Service , working with Italian law enforcement and U.S. Diplomatic Security Service , learned that he was living in Italy under the alias Rene Rondon . After she moved out of his home , Torres ' wife sought and got a restraining order against him in September 2005 , according to the Marshals Service . Later that month , Torres allegedly hid in the backseat of his wife 's car -- getting in with a spare key he had -- waiting for her to get out of work in Reading , Pennsylvania . He got out after she spotted him and she ran , with Torres allegedly first shooting her in the back before walking up to her and shooting her in the head , the U.S. Marshals Service said . According to the Berks County Sheriff , Torres -- who was a Reading resident at the time of the incident -- is charged with murder . In June 2011 , the U.S. Marshals Service added Torres to its list of 15 Most Wanted individuals . "  This final act of aggression was in keeping with his history of violence and abuse and we will do our best to swiftly bring him to justice , " Geoffrey Shank , then the federal agency 's acting assistant director of investigative operations , said at the time .	Authorities allege Miguel Torres ambushed his wife in 2005 , then killed her He is charged with murder , but authorities had n't been able to track him down The U.S. Marshals Service put Torres on its 15 Most Wanted list in 2011 Torres is arrested in Italy , where he was believed to be living and using an alias
CNN  -- ISIS has made huge territorial gains in the border areas between Iraq and Syria during the past month , as well as capturing strategic cities such as Mosul and Tikrit . Now its leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi has changed the group 's name from the previous "  Islamic State of Iraq and Ash-Sham " to "  Islamic State . " He has also appointed himself "  caliph " and declared the re-establishment of the caliphate . The caliphate is the term used by some Muslims to mean an Islamic State intended to unify the global Muslim population  known as the ummah  . It is viewed as the succession to the state founded after the Prophet Mohammed 's death and , according to Islamists , is to be governed by one interpretation of Sharia . The first four caliphs were considered to be Rashidun or "  rightly-guided " and especially pious . Subsequent empires controlled by the Umayyads , the Abbasids and the Ottomans each claimed control of the caliphate but failed to be universally recognized by Muslims . When the Ottoman Empire collapsed in 1924 , AtatÃ 1/4 rk declared Turkey a republic and abolished the caliphate system . While the Ahmadiyya , a small Islamic religious movement , has claimed a spiritual caliphate for most of the last century and the King of Morocco refers to himself as amir al muminin  leader of the faithful  , a term normally reserved for the caliph , since the fall of the Ottoman Empire , no real attempt has been made to re-establish what was lost with the fall of the Ottomans . The historical significance of the caliphate , therefore , makes this a huge claim , a risky move , and a crucial point in ISIS 's short history . Its ambition and its professed success may well cause the group as many problems as it does find solutions . If the so-called Islamic State  IS  fails to gain widespread support from Muslims , it will lack the legitimacy it so craves . According to the binary jihadist doctrine of al Qaeda -- seeing the world as Muslim or non-Muslim -- al-Baghdadi will either be seen as the caliph worthy of following or as an imposter worthy of fighting . If you were to follow the revolutionary Islamist doctrine of groups such as Hizb ut-Tahrir , and yet not consider the new caliphate legitimate , "  IS " is an infidel state that must be removed . If "  IS " were to follow the letter of their own ideology , it would have to punish all rebellion with death . For "  IS , " legitimacy will be gained through exploitation of religion , political manipulation of historical narratives , and the violent quashing of dissent . Jihadist infighting is guaranteed over the coming months and Syria and Iraq 's future looks even bloodier than the last 11 years . On top of these intra-Islamist disagreements , the so-called caliphate will struggle in much the same way as other pretenders to Islamic statehood have over the last 50 years . "  IS " will have difficulty implementing a narrow jihadist interpretation of Sharia , replete with barbaric punishments for dissenters , as state law . It is building hospitals and has established a radio station , but will likely fail to deliver any meaningful level of social justice in Iraqi and Syrian society . It also faces a well-organized counter-offensive from the Iraqi army in Tikrit and any level of military loss would immediately undermine the legitimacy of the new caliph . In much the same way as governments worldwide , "  IS " will quickly learn that opposition is a much easier position to hold than government . It is clear from this declaration that al-Baghdadi has over-estimated the level of support that he has among Muslims . He will hope that his declaration will lead to more Sunni Muslims in Iraq and Syria pledging allegiance to him . This must also be seen in conjunction with the group 's media and social media strategy to engage increasing numbers of Muslims around the world and , thereby , boost their recruitment of foreign fighters . A further factor affecting support for ISIS will be the reception of this declaration in countries like Jordan and Morocco  whose rulers are considered to be the direct descendants of the Prophet Mohammed  and in Lebanon or Saudi Arabia , where sectarian chaos and destabilization could be the result , given "  IS 's " continued rhetoric about the lack of legitimacy of existing Muslim-majority countries . If more foreign fighters flock to join "  IS , " they are likely to stay there in the short term . Opinion : How to keep ISIS terror from U.S. shores The worry for the rest of the world is that , if "  IS " manages to consolidate its territory and preserve its legitimacy , an offensive jihad against all other countries will then be considered viable . Most interesting though will be the reaction of al Qaeda . Although it is clear from statements by its leader Ayman al-Zawahiri in February and May that al Qaeda would remain distinct from ISIS , the claim of the caliphate 's establishment will change the dynamic of this relationship , and may prompt the leaders of some of the regional affiliates to change their allegiance from Zawahiri to Baghdadi . Al Qaeda will now want to challenge ISIS 's appropriation of its key objectives and tactics . The only way for al Qaeda to stay relevant now is through a violent and spectacular attack . Although ISIS may eventually be a victim of its own success , the real victims will be the thousands of innocent Muslims and non-Muslims caught in the crossfire of this millennarian struggle . READ : How ISIS is overshadowing al Qaeda READ : ISIS : The first terror group to build an Islamic state ?	ISIS leader has declared re-establishment of the caliphate , and appointed himself its caliph Significance of caliphate makes this huge claim , risky move , and crucial point in ISIS 's short history - Jonathan Russell Russell : So-called caliphate will struggle as other pretenders to Islamic statehood have over the last 50 years Most interesting though will be the reaction of al Qaeda , he adds
CNN  -- In opposing President Barack Obama 's opening to Cuba , Florida 's Republican senator , Marco Rubio , explained , "  This entire policy shift announced today is based on an illusion , on a lie , the lie and the illusion that more commerce and access to money and goods will translate to political freedom for the Cuban people . " Rubio has correctly touched on the core issue . But theory , logic and history suggest that he 's wrong in his conclusions . I would recommend to Rubio one of the classics of conservative thought , Milton Friedman 's "  Capitalism and Freedom . " He does n't have to spend too much time on it . The first chapter outlines the "  relation between economic freedom and political freedom . " The point Friedman makes in the book is one that America 's founding fathers well understood . Drawing on the political philosopher John Locke , they believed that the freedom to buy , sell , own and trade were core elements of human freedom and individual autonomy . As they expand , liberty expands . This is not just theory , of course . Over the last two centuries , the countries that embraced "  more commerce and access to money and goods " in Rubio 's phrase -- Britain , America , then Western Europe and East Asia -- have moved toward greater prosperity , but also political freedom . If you exclude oil-rich countries , where money is not earned but dug from the ground , almost every country that has used free markets and free trade to grow is also a democracy . Yes there are a few exceptions : Singapore and China  though the latter is still not quite a developed economy .  But on the whole , there has been a remarkably strong connection between economic freedom and political freedom . In Latin America itself , the line has been clear . Augusto Pinochet 's regime opened up its economy in the 1970s . Chile began to grow , but that growth then produced a stronger civil society that over time clamored for the end of the Pinochet dictatorship .  The same pattern could be seen in Taiwan , South Korea , Spain and Portugal .  In Latin America today , democracy and markets have acted to reinforce each other , transforming the continent , which 30 years ago was almost entirely ruled by dictatorships to one that is today almost entirely ruled by democracies . Cuba is an outlier , one of the last regimes in Latin America that has embraced neither markets nor ballots . The Obama administration is acting on the theory that more commerce , capitalism , contact , travel and trade will empower the people of Cuba and thus give them a greater voice in their political future . And so the first point to make is that it will help Cubans economically -- it will raise their incomes , their standard of living , and boost access to technology . These are all good things in and of themselves . But easing the embargo will also help Americans , who will benefit from being able to trade with a neighbor . This is the reason that conservatives have long understood that free trade is not a gift bestowed on someone . It helps both countries and in particular , helps the United States . That 's why the Wall Street Journal 's editorial page -- bastion of conservative thought -- has been an advocate on lifting the trade embargo against Cuba , which is a far larger step than Obama 's normalization . So , did it support Obama 's opening ? Of course not . It turns out that he has done it in the wrong way . It is difficult not to think that the problem here is not the policy , but who the president is . Had George W. Bush announced this initiative , I have a feeling that the Wall Street Journal would be hailing it -- and Rubio would be quoting Milton Friedman to us all . Watch Fareed Zakaria GPS Sundays at 10am and 1pm ET . For the latest from Fareed Zakaria GPS click here .	Fareed Zakaria : Sen. Marco Rubio 's conclusions about Cuba opening wrong Easing the embargo will also help Americans , Zakaria says He says Rubio 's position would be different if Republican president had made the change
HLNtv.com  -- Zach Hodskins is one of the best players on the Milton High varsity basketball team in Milton , Georgia . According to scouting reports , he 's an "  excellent shooter " and "  plays extremely hard . " He is also missing his left arm below the elbow . But to Hodskins , that 's really not an issue . Hodskins , 17 , recently got the news of his life : The University of Florida offered him a preferred walk-on spot on its basketball team next year . While Hodskins says the offer "  means the world to him , " what was nearly as exciting was looking over the reports from scouts who attended his games . Their comments ? "  Great shooting . " "  Works hard . " His missing arm rarely gets initial mention . "  I love it to see that they 've treated me as a player and a kid that can play on the ` next level ' first , and then the disability second , " Hodskins told HLN affiliate WXIA . Of course , his coaches already know he 's a winner -- on and off the court . "  Every day we have things we go through and we think it 's never going to get any better , or we ca n't do something , " Milton coach Van Keys said . "  And you look at Zach and you say , ` Hey , this kid 's overcome quite a bit to be at the level he 's at . ' " Hodskins has had to deal with missing a portion of his arm since birth . While Hodskins ' dream of playing basketball is important to him , he has other goals in mind as well . He said he wants to graduate college and one day be a motivational speaker . He already gets tweets from kids who recognize and identify with him , and they often express their own insecurities about living life with a disability . "  It 's just amazing to hear from them , and see that there are other people out there like me who are going through the same thing , " Hodskins said . "  And I can really relate to them , I love to talk with them . " What does he tell them ? "  Just keep your head up . And if you feel it in your heart , just go for it , and you will make it . "	Basketball player Zach Hodskins was born without half of his left arm The University of Florida offered him a spot on its team His advice to others "  going through the same thing " : Just go for it
CNN  -- Singapore 's first public housing blocks built to be environmentally sustainable have become the testing ground for future projects . From afar , the high-rises of Punggol Eco-Town look unremarkable , but they are the first large-scale experiment to make public housing eco-friendly in Singapore , a tropical city-state that is hot year-round . Over 80 % of Singapore 's residents live in public housing , called HDBs , after the government agency that builds them . "  What we have done is that we put in various eco friendly features that helps in terms of capitalizing on the wind , enhancing greenery , reducing energy consumption , water usage , how to promote waste recycling , et cetera , all in one development , " said Ng Bingrong , the project director , Treelodge@Punggol . The eco-friendly methods range from commonplace and practical to highly innovative . Plant-covered roofs naturally lower the buildings ' temperature , and the towers ' orientation , facing away from the sun , helps too . Painting the buildings white helps keep them cool and bring in sunlight . But white walls also look dirty more quickly , so the government is testing self-cleaning paint , which breaks down grime as it is triggered by sun exposure . Alan Tan , the director of HDB 's Environment Sustainability Research team says the project 's variety of experiments will have wider implications for future housing in Singapore . "  Punggol Eco-Town is in fact a living laboratory for us , " said Tan . "  This is where we test bed a lot of urban solutions for us to identify which of those are workable and for us to adopt , for us to introduce more to our public housing , " Inside the apartments , tap water that goes down the drain is used to flush toilets . Solar energy powers elevators , lighting and water pumps . And various indicators placed around the buildings , like the ones found in the elevators that show the amount of solar energy being outputted , provide constant reminders to the residents of the different lifestyle they are living . But being eco-friendly comes at a higher price -- the sustainable buildings cost 7 % more to build than traditional apartments . The cost concerns have also sparked fiscal innovation , pushing the government to think of ways to make the eco-friendly features less expensive . One solution has been to lease , instead of buy , the building 's solar panels from private companies . "  It 's very difficult for the government to continuously provide the funding . So what we have done is that we will try to partner with the private industry , " said Ng . Under the scheme , the government subsidizes start-up costs , while the solar energy companies install the panels , maintain them and sell back the energy to the power providers to recoup their costs .	Punggol Eco-Town is Singapore 's first large-scale experiment to make public housing eco-friendly The sustainable features range from practical to highly innovative The government is leasing solar panels in a partner scheme with private manufacturers It is hoped the project 's variety of experiments will have wider implications
LONDON , England  CNN  -- British newspapers were filled with speculation Wednesday that Prince William may soon propose to his girlfriend , Kate Middleton , after an influential blog reported on a possible date . In an entry on her Web site , The Daily Beast , former magazine editor Tina Brown wrote that a "  high-placed source in royal circles " told her that June 3 and 4 have been "  mysteriously blocked out on the palace diaries . " This suggests a likely date for the engagement of William , 27 , and Middleton , 28 , wrote Brown , author of a biography of the late Princess Diana . Brown was previously editor-in-chief of high-society magazine Tatler as well as editor of Vanity Fair and The New Yorker . There was no response Wednesday from Clarence House , William 's official residence . "  We do n't comment on speculation , " a spokeswoman there told CNN . William and Middleton have been dating off and on since 2003 , when both were students at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland . They split in April 2007 despite widespread speculation they were close to marriage , but they remained friends and began dating again by the end of that year . The pair is often seen on the town in London , going to exclusive nightclubs . William is now training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force , where he holds the rank of flight lieutenant .	No response from Clarence House , Prince William 's official residence Couple have been dating since 2003 , when both were students in Scotland Prince is currently training to be a search-and-rescue pilot with the Royal Air Force
CNN  -- A woman who gave birth to a stillborn boy was left distraught after she discovered his body was kept in a jar for four years by the hospital . Jo-Ann Burrows believed for years that her son had been cremated before making the grim discovery about his fate . The mother-of-five is now taking legal action against the hospital authorities in Hampshire , southern England , the UK 's Press Association reported Thursday . PA reported that Ms Burrows had daughter Ellie in April 2004 at the Hythe Birthing Centre , in Hampshire , but gave birth to the stillborn twin two days later at home . She said that an ultrasound scan taken the previous December had not revealed that she was carrying a twin , according to PA. . After the stillbirth , Ms Burrows , 44 , was taken to the Princess Anne maternity hospital in Southampton , also in southern England , where she gave her consent for the body to be cremated . PA reported that she has spent the past four years asking for the funeral papers and ashes . The 44-year-old is now organizing a naming ceremony and funeral for the stillborn , whose twin sister survived . Ms Burrows was quoted in her local newspaper , the Southern Daily Echo , as saying : "  This experience has made me suicidal , if it was n't for my friends and family I would n't be here . "  I kept asking for my baby 's funeral papers because I was always worried that he might be in a jar somewhere . I still could n't believe it when I found out . " She was informed through her solicitor in February that the hospital still had the baby and has now filed a medical negligence claim against Southampton University Hospitals NHS Trust . It claims the Trust failed to "  exercise reasonable care and skill when performing the ultrasound and also focuses on Ms Burrows ' repeated requests for confirmation of the cremation , " PA reported . A Trust spokeswoman told the news agency : "  Southampton University Hospitals NHS Trust confirms that legal proceedings have been brought against it by Ms Jo-Ann Burrows . "  The chief executive has already written to Ms Burrows apologizing for shortcomings in the treatment provided to her and , in particular , for the circumstances which led to Ms Burrows ' second twin not being cremated in 2004 as they had previously advised and for the distress this discovery may have caused . "	Woman 's stillborn baby kept in jar for four years by hospital Jo-Ann Burrows believed for years that her son had been cremated The mother-of-five is now taking legal action against the hospital authorities
CNN  The United States is maintaining a list of about two dozen or so top ISIS operatives in Iraq and Syria that it hopes to target in airstrikes , according to a senior U.S. official . The list essentially amounts to a kill list , since the United States has no troops on the ground in Iraq or Syria to capture ISIS suspects . The No. 1 target on the list is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , the leader of ISIS . One U.S. official said al-Baghdadi is well-aware the United States is hunting him , so the belief is he is staying out of sight . It 's been months since the last intelligence report about where al-Baghdadi is hiding , a senior U.S. official tells CNN . The United States believes al-Baghdadi knows warplanes are hunting him , so he moves cautiously -- even as his influence has grown beyond Syria and Iraq . The United States has already killed a dozen or so ISIS operatives on the list , including an ISIS chemical weapons expert , the senior official says . But others are added to the list as intelligence is gained about their role in ISIS . The official strongly emphasized that the command-and-control structure of ISIS remains murky and more intelligence is needed about the identity of top operatives . ISIS executioners such as so-called Jihadi John are still in the U.S. crosshairs -- but the list focuses on targeting those whose death would broadly hurt ISIS . The kill list may now expand as the United States struggles to understand an ISIS command structure made more confusing by the growth of ISIS adherents in Egypt , Yemen , Afghanistan , Pakistan and Libya . One analyst cautions those labeling themselves as ISIS might have very different goals . "  We have to take each terrorist or cult organization in every country as a separate entity . We ca n't look at it as one big group . You may miss the most important targets when you are doing that , " said Mark Hertling , CNN military analyst . The growing -- and alarming -- reach of ISIS The execution of Egyptian Christians on the Libyan coastline underscores the targeting problem . The United States wants to identify the killers . But the broader worry is ISIS ' position in Libya . It now has a stronghold in Derna and operates across Libyan coastal areas within reach of southern Europe via busy shipping lanes . "  It 's very difficult to have the same kind of controls over people who might be getting on boats who might be working as stevedores or laborers on ships that are coming into European ports , " Hertling said .	The No. 1 target on the list is Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , a senior U.S. official says The United States has already killed a dozen or so ISIS operatives on the list , the official says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Beginning Saturday , many air travelers will be asked their birth dates and genders when making airline reservations . The new travel rules are the latest "  visible " expansion of the Secure Flight program . It 's the latest "  publicly visible " expansion of Secure Flight , a program that transfers responsibility for checking air passengers ' identities from the airlines to the federal government , the Transportation Security Administration said . The change keeps the agency on track to assume responsibility for ID checks on all domestic flights by early next year , according to the TSA . Currently , the airlines check passenger identifications against lists of suspected terrorists . But the 9/11 Commission said the job was better suited for the federal government , which compiles the "  terror watch lists . " Government control increases security , according to the TSA , while reducing the number of instances in which innocent people are mistakenly confused with possible terrorists having similar or identical names . In May , the federal government began the first public phase of "  Secure Flight " when four small airlines began asking passengers to provide their names , as the names appeared on the government-issued IDs they would be traveling with , when making reservations . Since then , additional airlines have begun asking for full names , TSA spokeswoman Sterling Payne said , though she declined to say how many airlines are participating for security reasons . The new change requires travelers to provide three pieces of information when making reservations : the passenger 's full name as it appears on the government-issued ID they will be using , their birth date and their gender . The airline will transmit that information to the TSA , which will compare it to a "  no-fly " list of people prohibited from flying or a list of "  selectees " who can fly after they pass additional physical screening . If passengers are not asked for this addition information , they should not be concerned , as it will not affect their travel , the agency said . Early efforts to create the Secure Flight program were beset by problems , including program delays and complaints of privacy breaches . Finally , in 2006 , after the TSA spent more than $ 130 million and four years on the system , then-TSA Director Kip Hawley ordered a complete overhaul of the program and dropped plans to check passengers ' names against commercial databases , one of the most contentious features of the program . "  Secure Flight is a key tool in confirming that someone identified as a ` No Fly ' does not receive a boarding pass , " TSA acting Administrator Gale Rossides said in a statement Wednesday . "  Secure Flight will make travel safer and easier for passengers . " The TSA says it plans to vet 100 percent of passengers on all domestic commercial flights by early next year and 100 percent of passengers on all international commercial flights by the end of 2010 .	Many travelers will be asked for birth dates , genders on reservation Federal government taking over responsibility of checking identities TSA expects to check all domestic passengers by early next year If you are n't asked for information , agency says , do n't be concerned
CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration is considering how to best regulate electronic cigarettes as tobacco products . While some regulation is needed , the current proposal entails a huge paperwork burden that will create a barrier to entry into the market for all but the biggest players -- namely , Big Tobacco . Specifically , the FDA has indicated that it may require e-cigarette manufacturers to complete a long paperwork process before it will consider a product for approval . Many industry watchers believe that only very large manufacturers  i.e. , Big Tobacco companies  would have the financial resources to meet the requirements , which could demand an estimated 5,000 hours per application , with every product combination requiring a new application . According to the Consumer Advocates for Smoke-Free Alternatives Association , only 25 products among thousands currently available would eventually be licensed . The tobacco industry will then be able to buy the small e-cigarette makers that are unable to meet the FDA 's requirements . Big Tobacco will then get to decide which products are sold such that it can manage its own transition from cigarettes to e-cigarettes , or end e-cigarettes as a product category entirely , whichever better serves its financial interests . In other words , the tobacco industry will be given a monopoly over the first new product to come to market that genuinely stands a chance of disrupting the business of selling smoked tobacco . Needless to say , the tobacco industry 's primary concern is not the health interests of the public . The World Health Organization has assessed that "  effective tobacco control and the commercial success of the tobacco industry are fundamentally incompatible ... accordingly , the tobacco industry can be expected to seek to avoid , prevent , weaken and delay effective policies and programs , which are against its interests . " Electronic cigarettes , also known as vapor products , are designed to mimic the experience of smoking . By heating up liquid nicotine in battery-powered devices , vapors -- rather than tobacco smoke -- are released . While it 's too early to predict the long-term health effects of e-cigarettes , some experts say they are a safer alternative to regular cigarettes , which produce myriad toxic chemicals . For many smokers who have trouble quitting , e-cigarettes are a viable substitute . The e-cigarette industry is young , thriving and innovative . There are hundreds of online suppliers , many of which have been pioneers in developing next-generation vapor products known as "  mods " or "  vaporizers . " Unlike traditional retail outlets -- such as gas stations , large grocery store chains and pharmacies -- where point-of-sale data is collected and monitored by financial analysts , growing sales at vape stores and online websites are not being tracked . Dedicated vape stores have sprung up nationally . The numbers have grown from around 10,000 one year ago to about 16,000 today , according to Ron Tully of Smoke Free Alternatives Trade Association , an advocacy organization for the vapor industry . Vapor products are increasingly attracting consumers . In Britain , an estimated 700,000 people  5 % of all smokers  have transitioned to vapor products , mostly in the past two years . In France , e-cigarettes have helped reduce tobacco smoking according to one survey . These data show an impressive decline in tobacco smoking . Since the surgeon general issued its landmark 1964 report on the dangers of smoking , public health officials have tried to combat it . However , high-profile researchers believe that e-cigarettes have the potential to save millions of lives among populations of tobacco smokers . All consumer products are regulated , and e-cigarettes should not be an exception . Consumers need to feel confident that they are purchasing safe , high-quality items . But the regulation of e-cigarettes needs to be proportionate and not discriminatory , especially considering the potential they offer for eliminating the scourge of tobacco-related diseases . In the United States , e-cigarettes have become a top choice for smoking cessation according to a survey . Meanwhile , Big Tobacco is muddling along , rolling out its vapor products with their underpowered batteries and limited capacity for e-liquid . Yet , almost unbelievably , their one salvation has arrived in the form of the FDA . How the regulation of electronic cigarettes play out would have huge repercussions on public health and medical drug policies . The FDA should consider creating a tailored regulatory framework , one that would allow the e-cigarette industry to continue innovating to the point that smoked tobacco is made redundant , which could help save many lives worldwide . And what would this framework look like ? In lieu of its proposed regulations , the FDA should begin by requiring e-liquid and e-cigarette makers to register the ingredients and designs of their products . The agency should work closely with expert third parties -- manufacturers and scientists -- to develop strong product standards . The FDA should also conduct epidemiological research to make sure that e-cigarettes are contributing positively to smoking rate decline . It 's about burdens . If you start from the precautionary principal -- treat something as bad until proved good -- you miss the context that e-cigarettes are designed to replace one of the most dangerous consumer products invented . The FDA can not afford to miss this opportunity to get it right on e-cigarettes .	The FDA is considering how best to regulate electronic cigarettes as tobacco products Oliver Kershaw : FDA proposal will benefit Big Tobacco companies , and that 's bad He says if tobacco industry is given monopoly of e-cigarette products , public health will suffer Kershaw : FDA should let e-cigarette industry innovate to save tobacco smokers ' lives
CNN  -- Monkeys in space . No , it 's not the title of a wacky B movie , featuring primates amongst the stars in a bid for intergalactic dominance . Rather , Iran says this plot represents its latest bid to join the space race , though Iran 's foes fear the real aim may be to test missile launching capabilities for less peaceful purposes . According to official Iranian news reports , the primate was strapped snugly into a Pishgam  or Pioneer  rocket and launched 120 kilometers  75 miles  into the sky on Monday . He returned back to Earth sometime later , looking shell-shocked but alive as a crowd of men along the desert ground rejoiced , video from state-run Press TV showed . "  Sending  the monkey into space  and retrieving it was the first step for sending humans into space , " Defense Minister Ahmad Vahidi said , according to the semi-official Fars News Agency . But while it was celebrated in Tehran , the monkey business -- if it actually happened -- did n't play well in Washington . U.S. State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland told reporters Monday that while she saw pictures of "  the poor little monkey , " the United States does n't "  have any way to confirm this  happened  , one way or another . " "  But our concerns with Iran 's development of space launch vehicle technologies are obviously well-known : Any space launch vehicle capable of placing an object in orbit is directly relevant to the development of long-range ballistic missiles , " she told reporters . Nuland said that , if confirmed , Iran 's launch would violate a U.N. Security Council resolution that forbids "  any activity related to ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons . " But the tone was far different in Iran , where officials characterized the monkey 's reportedly successful trip high into the sky and back as a major step forward in its space program . One of the 24 founding members of the United Nations Committee on the Peaceful Uses of Outer Space in 1959 , Iran sent its first satellite into space in 2009 . Other launches have followed , including of an orbiter capable of transmitting images of , and to , Earth . Monday 's reported launch of the monkey -- who was kept in a "  completely sealed " capsule that produces oxygen and absorbs carbon dioxide , with his vital signs recorded throughout the flight -- is part of a larger effort to someday send humans into space , said Iranian Space Agency Director Hamid Fazeli . It 's not the first time animals have reached the skies ahead of humans . The U.S. space program launched a rhesus monkey into space from New Mexico in 1948 . Other primates and mice followed , and the Soviet Union a few years later joining the animal space race when nine dogs went skyward aboard rockets . Many more creatures soared into space in the years to come , until Soviet cosmonaut Yuri Gagarin orbited Earth in April 1961 . American astronaut Alan Shepard made a suborbital flight later that year , and John Glenn became the first American to orbit Earth in 1962 . Read more space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	Iranian state news reports a monkey strapped inside a capsule launches into space An Iranian minister calls the monkey 's trip "  the first step for sending humans into space " A U.S. official says such a launch , if confirmed , violates a U.N. Security Council resolution Animals have been used for space launches before , to prepare for human flights
All the elements for a grand love affair with Anne Hathaway are there : the adorable pixie cut , the large , luminous dark eyes , the successful career that literally began with a fairy tale . But be honest . She kind of bugs you , does n't she ? Google "  Anne Hathaway " and "  hate , " and the evidence is overwhelming . Link after link highlights the great American pastime  though it may actually be international , but more on that later  of being annoyed by the Oscar-winning actress . It 's clear from the abundance of articles and negative comments that some people do n't even want to see her face . According to one academic , there may be a scientific reason why . "  When times are good we prefer actresses with rounder faces , " psychology professor Terry Pettijohn told Salon.com writer Daniel D'Addario in a piece titled "  Anne Hathaway : Hollywood 's most polarizing star . " "  They convey these ideas of fun and youth . " Pettijon concluded that Hathaway has a "  mature face " made distinctive by its slender shape and bone structure : "  It suggests she would be popular when times are more challenging . " Salon.com goes on , "  As the economy improves , Hathaway -- whose peak of fame , post-boyfriend , pre-Oscar-hosting , came amid the 2008 economic crash -- may just be a reminder of bad times . " Try and find a correlation between dislike of any other actress and the recession . We dare you . Such high-brow hatred is usually reserved for the elite , say a Gwyneth Paltrow , but Hathaway currently reigns supreme as the star so many love to hate . Like really hate . In a deep , visceral way that makes it hard even to pinpoint why . "  People do not like Anne Hathaway , " wrote Brian Moylan of Hollywood.com . "  They use the word ` hate ' a lot when they talk about her . And their hatred is vehement , like Itchy 's for Scratchy , like the Hatfields ' for the McCoys , and Taylor Swift 's for every man who she has ever talked to since her 15th birthday . " Apparently this really holds true for women of the universe . Even in the midst of The Onion tweeting a vulgar term during the Academy Awards about 9-year-old best actress nominee Quvenzhane Wallis , there was still time to bash Hathaway . "  And what the Onion missed is that it 's Anne Hathaway who 's the real  expletive  . Right EVERY WOMAN ON THE INTERNET ? " tweeted Buzzfeed 's Jack Moore . So what 's the deal ? Why so much hate for an actress who defined cute in "  The Princess Diaries " and held her own against Meryl Streep in "  The Devil Wears Prada " ? Richard Lawson of The Atlantic Wire told Hollywood.com 's Moylan that Hathaway has "  got this theater kid thing where she adopts the mood of every situation she 's in -- rude and bawdy on ` Chelsea Lately , ' poised and ` classy ' at the Oscars , etc. -- but wildly overcompensates every time . " Lawson continued , "  She always seems like she 's performing , and her favorite act is this overstated humility and graciousness . " Writer Victoria Wellman is one half of the Oratory Laboratory , a site that helps clients craft speeches . Part of Hathaway 's problem , Wellman said , is that the actress is "  just one of the people who just does n't come off as sincere . " Take for example her award show acceptance speeches . The whole point of awards shows is that no one knows who is going to win and the audience counts on that element of surprise to be part of a winner 's speech , Wellman says . But Hathaway 's words of gratitude come off as way too rehearsed . "  The more you rehearse something , the more kind of presumptuous it comes across , " Wellman said . "  We are used to seeing actors act , but we want to see a glimpse of their personality . With Anne Hathaway , the Golden Globes speech came off as rehearsed word for word . " And the disdain is n't confined to just these shores . When Hathaway won the British Academy of Film and Television Arts , or BAFTA , award this year for best supporting actress for her role as Fantine in "  Les Miserables , " her acceptance speech did not go over well . "  Anne annoyed audiences by thanking everyone remotely connected with ` Les Miserables , ' even the author of the original novel Victor Hugo , " reported EntertainmentWise.com . "  One snide remark on Twitter said : ` If Hathaway thanked Victor Hugo , will  director Kathryn  Bigelow have to thank bin Laden ? ' " Not that Hathaway does n't have her supporters . Reacting to all of the negative Hathaway buzz , "  Girls " star Lena Dunham implored her Twitter followers to think of the greater good . "  Ladies : Anne Hathaway is a feminist and she has amazing teeth . Let 's save our bad attitudes for the ones who are n't advancing the cause , " Dunham tweeted . The actress is not oblivious to the shade being thrown her way . After her Oscar win for best supporting actress Sunday night , she was asked backstage her reaction to being teased about her earnestness . "  It does get to me , but you have to remember in life that there 's a positive to every negative and a negative to every positive , " Hathaway responded . "  And I 'm going to ... I 'm going to go there . The miracle of the universe is that , as far as they know , there 's 51 % matter versus 49 % antimatter . Things tip in the scale of the positive . And so , that is what I focus on . "	Hating Anne Hathaway has become a favorite pastime for many One writer says the dislike for the Oscar winner is "  vehement " Hathaway is aware that not everyone loves her
The recent news that a group of highly respected medical experts , the U.S. Preventive Services Task Force , is considering advising against routine prostate cancer screening should n't have come as too much of a surprise to anybody . Indeed , the fact that so many people now are claiming to be surprised is an interesting story . Many respected organizations that issue screening guidelines have for a long time expressed concern about the effectiveness and known risks of screening for prostate cancer . The list of groups that have expressed caution about widespread use of the prostate-specific antigen test , known as PSA , includes the American Urological Association , the National Comprehensive Cancer Network , the European Urology Association and the American Cancer Society . Here is the problem in a nutshell : Widespread PSA screening began 20 years ago , amazingly , well before anyone bothered to initiate studies to find out whether such screening saves lives . Because doctors and patients believed that screening works -- was n't it obvious that it would ? -- they opposed rigorous studies , called randomized trials , that assign half the patients to get screening while the other half goes unscreened . Despite opposition from doctors and patients , the trials finally got done , and today the harms of screening are better proved than the benefits . A substantial number of men receive unnecessary treatment , as their cancers are so slow-growing they are not life-threatening . These treatments commonly lead to harms such as impotence and incontinence and can even lead to premature death . This , while the benefits -- the number of lives saved -- are very small at best , nonexistent at worst . Alas , the history of medicine is filled with examples of physicians jumping the gun , acting in a manner unsupported by evidence , even ignoring the words of caution in the "  evidence-based guidelines " promulgated by their own professional societies . I am convinced that most advocates of screening and aggressive treatment are motivated by genuine desire to benefit men . Unfortunately , they are uninformed or unwilling to believe the reality that early detection and aggressive treatment of cancer is not always the best thing . For two decades , some supporters of prostate cancer screening , even some so-called experts , have overstated , exaggerated and , in some cases , misled the public about the evidence supporting its effectiveness . They downplayed or failed to mention the risks of screening and misapplied and misstated basic principles of cancer screening . With evangelical fervor , true believers conducted mass screening in shopping malls , at state fairs and in supermarket parking lots . Screening has been sponsored by medical practices , hospitals , drug and medical device companies , politicians and even manufacturers of adult diapers . Most of these sponsors wanted to do a public service , but many profited from it . Some may also have been blinded by that profit . The phenomenon of so-called experts , who do not understand basic principles of screening , making exaggerated statements is not limited to prostate cancer . It also occurs in breast and lung cancer screening . Well-designed scientific study has clearly showed that these procedures save lives , but science has also demonstrated that the procedures have limitations and risks of harm . The Task Force , an independent board of experts in interpretation of medical evidence , convened by the U.S. Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality , sanctioned true screening experts to review and assess every published scientific study concerning prostate cancer screening . This recently published review is very reasonable . It recognizes that the few studies that suggest that prostate screening saves lives are undermined by biases and inconsistencies . Of course , the studies that did not show a benefit to screening also have flaws . However , all studies consistently show that significant harms are associated with screening and the sometimes unnecessary treatment . Ironically , the Task Force recommendation is n't too far apart from that of the American Urologic Association , which represents most of the doctors who diagnose and treat prostate cancer . The association 's 2009 publication titled "  PSA Screening Best Practice " reads : "  Given the uncertainty that PSA testing results in more benefit than harm , a thoughtful and broad approach to PSA is critical . Patients need to be informed of the risks and benefits of testing before it is undertaken . The risks of overdetection and overtreatment should be included in this discussion . " While the Task Force statement is wise and reasonable , there is risk that the pendulum will swing too far . A move against all use of the PSA tests in screening and diagnostics would be unfortunate . The Task Force review does see some benefit to prostate cancer diagnosis and treatment . Guarded use of PSA testing as a diagnostic tool in select individuals within the physician-patient relation is reasonable and consistent with the U.S. Preventive Taskforce statement . Cancer screening is complex . Some outspoken clinician advocates of screening need to understand that complexity . We need balanced , truthful information widely available to physicians and patients . Sadly , the overselling and overpromise of screening technology in cancer and other diseases harms patients and -- justifiably -- weakens trust in the medical profession . It also adds to the unnecessarily high cost of health care , which is already threatening the health of the U.S. economy . More than anything , the battle over prostate cancer screening raises a disturbing question : Are we as a society prepared to pay attention to scientific evidence ?	U.S. preventive services panel is considering advising against routine PSA screening Dr. Otis Brawley says screening began before evidence of whether it saves lives Studies show that routine PSA testing 's harms are better proved than the benefits Brawley : Overpromise of screening technology in cancer , other diseases harms patients
CNN  -- Superheroes are proving their powers at the box office . "  The Avengers , " a superhero smorgasbord featuring Captain America , Iron Man , Thor and The Hulk , is expected to top $ 1 billion worldwide on Sunday , its 19th day of release , said Walt Disney Studios . The film , which had the highest domestic box office debut , brought in an estimated $ 103.2 million in domestic theaters its second weekend , setting another industry record , according to Disney . It raked in $ 207.4 million opening weekend . "  We 're obviously thrilled with the global success of ` The Avengers , ' " Robert A. Iger , Disney 's chairman and chief executive , said in a statement . "  It 's a fantastic movie and an extraordinary franchise that will continue with more great stories and compelling characters for years to come . " To date , "  The Avengers " has earned some $ 628.9 million internationally , said Disney . The company is planning a sequel to the smash film . Its success is another boon for the movie industry , which racked up about $ 2.3 billion at the U.S. box office for the first three months of 2012 -- up almost 46 % from a year earlier , according to Box Office Mojo . Still , in some ways Hollywood had nowhere to go but up after posting its worst year for ticket sales in 2011 in 16 years . Before "  The Avengers " burst on the scene , "  The Hunger Games " from Lionsgate had been this year 's box-office champ , taking in an estimated $ 155 million domestically in its first weekend . Other might-be blockbusters on the horizon include "  Men in Black III " hitting theaters Memorial Day weekend , and "  Brave , " the latest animated feature from Pixar due in June . And two other comic-inspired vehicles , "  The Amazing Spider-Man " and "  The Dark Knight Rises , " are also on the summer movie calendar . The success of "  The Avengers " comes on the heels of Disney 's epic flop "  John Carter , " which lost an estimated $ 200 million and cost the head of the company 's studio unit his job . Disney gained the rights to the characters from "  The Avengers " with its $ 4 billion purchase of comic book publisher Marvel three years ago .	"  The Avengers " earns an estimated $ 103.2 million its second weekend , Disney says It had the highest domestic box office debut of all time Disney is already planning a sequel to the superhero smorgasbord
CNN  -- Doug Skinner held up the pants in the tiny dressing room and shook his head . There 's no way , he thought . No way I 'm at a size 48 . This was 2004 . Skinner was fresh out of college , recently married and just starting his career as a technology coordinator for a local school district . I refuse to go any bigger than 46 , he thought vehemently . "  Unfortunately , that day I did have to buy those -LSB- pants -RSB- , " Skinner remembers . "  But I did n't go any higher than that . " Skinner always had an excuse for his obesity as a young adult . The self-described "  stocky " man was just big-boned , he told himself . In reality , he weighed close to 300 pounds . "  It was n't like we were stopping on the way home at McDonald 's every night -- it was just portion sizes , " Skinner says . "  The easiest thing in the world -LSB- for me -RSB- is to eat . I 'm a food guy . I love food . I love dessert . " But that day in a badly-lit discount clothing store in New Jersey , something clicked . He walked back over to his wife , Denise , who looked unhappy with her clothing selections as well . They decided right then to make a change . "  We said , ` Look , this is it . Let 's not kid around anymore . " Got your own weight loss story to share ? Visit iReport The couple went home and borrowed a few Weight Watchers books from a relative and began to eat less . "  The first month , I was starving , " Skinner says . "  After the first month it was easier . It 's still not easy today , but it 's easier . " Doug and Denise also started walking laps around a park near their house . It was n't exactly fun , but he did n't know what else to do to get active . After a few weeks he jogged one lap . Then two . As he lost weight it got easier to jog and a couple of laps turned into a couple of miles . He did n't slow down until he reached 200 pounds . Now Skinner runs five days a week -- on Mondays it 's a long run of six to eight miles ; the rest of the days he does about four . On May 1 he completed the 10-mile Broadstreet Run in Philadelphia in a time of 1 hour and 22 minutes . He does n't count calories but eats small meals for breakfast and lunch : cereal and a banana in the morning ; yogurt and an orange around noon . Dinner he plans ahead of time -- splurging on Friday night when he takes time off from running to share pizza and cookies with his wife . He weighed in last week at 174 pounds . Like in any weight loss attempt , there were setbacks . In 2007 Skinner had reached 220 pounds . A "  Biggest Loser " - type contest at school helped him drop down to 170 . When he posted his story on iReport in March , he weighed 193.5 pounds . "  I 'm not ashamed to say my weight goes up and down ... It 's a constant fight , " Skinner said in a phone interview last month . "  I 'm looking at a bowl of cookies that are right across from me and I kind of want one . Fortunately , the phone cord does n't reach that far . " "  There 's no way I 'm going to sit at a Thanksgiving table and not eat anything ... I consider myself a foodie and for as long as I live I will never have that type of -LSB- fear -RSB- relationship with food -- I enjoy it too much . I will not deprive myself because of a pound or two . " He hopes his daughter Gwen grows up to appreciate food like he does , without ever having to worry about battling the scale . So he 's setting a good example early . "  I 'm trying to avoid putting all the pressure on the food aspect . Every step counts . I say that tongue-in-cheek , but it 's important . The thing that 's worked best for me is getting off my butt . " Skinner continues to write about his weight loss journey on his blog , Daddy 's Tired .	Doug Skinner weighed nearly 300 pounds in 2004 Having to buy size 48 pants at a discount clothing store helped him make a change Skinner runs five days a week and recently completed a 10-mile race
CNN  -- Senate leaders and the White House struck a last-minute deal to avert the feared fiscal cliff Monday night , with Vice President Joe Biden headed to the Capitol Hill to pitch the plan to fellow Democrats . "  Happy New Year , " Biden , who became the Democratic point man in the talks , told reporters . "  Did you think we would be here New Year 's Eve ? " A senior Democratic aide told CNN that if caucus meetings went well , a Senate vote could come "  within the hour . " But the House of Representatives went home long before midnight , meaning nothing will get through Congress before the combination of tax increases and spending cuts lawmakers have been scrambling to head off starts to kick in , at least on paper . A source familiar with the deal told CNN that the Senate proposal would put off the cuts for two months and keep the expiring Bush-era tax cuts for individuals earning less than $ 400,000 or couples earning less than $ 450,000 . President Barack Obama has long demanded that the threshold be set at $ 250,000 . Tax rates on income above those levels would go back to the Clinton-era rate of 39.6 % , up from the current 35 % , and itemized deductions would be capped at $ 250,000 for individuals and $ 300,000 for couples . That would generate an estimated $ 600 billion in additional revenue over 10 years . Taxes on inherited estates will go up to 40 % from 35 % , but the exemption will be indexed to rise with inflation -- a provision the source said was added at the insistence of moderate Democrats . Unemployment insurance would be extended for a year for for 2 million people , and the alternative minimum tax -- a perennial issue -- would be permanently adjusted for inflation . Child care , tuition and research and development tax credits would be renewed . And the "  Doc Fix " -- reimbursements for doctors who take Medicare patients -- will continue , but it wo n't be paid for out of the Obama administration 's signature health care law . Biden had been in negotiations with Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell , R-Kentucky , since Sunday afternoon . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi , both Democrats , agreed to the plan in calls with President Barack Obama , a Democratic source said Monday night . In the House , GOP sources said earlier Monday that there 's little practical difference in settling the issue Monday night versus Tuesday . But if tax-averse House Republicans approve the bill on Tuesday -- when taxes have technically gone up -- they can argue they 've voted for a tax cut to bring rates back down , even after just a few hours , GOP sources said . That could bring some more Republicans on board , one source said . Economists warn the one-two punch of tax increases and spending cuts , known as "  sequestration , " could push the U.S. economy back into recession and drive unemployment back over 9 % by the end of 2013 . Obama had chided lawmakers for their last-minute scramble earlier Monday , hitting a nerve among several Republicans in the Senate . Latest updates : Final fiscal cliff scramble "  They are close , but they 're not there yet , " he said . "  And one thing we can count on with respect to this Congress is that if there is even one second left before you have to do what you 're supposed to do , they will use that last second . " The president warned that if Republicans think they can get future deficit reduction solely through spending cuts "  that will hurt seniors , or hurt students , or hurt middle-class families without asking also equivalent sacrifice from millionaires or companies with a lot of lobbyists ... they 've got another thing coming . " That irked Republican senators who have been grappling for a deal with the Democratic majority in that chamber . Sen. Bob Corker , R-Tennessee , called the president 's comments "  very unbecoming of where we are at this moment " and added , "  My heart 's still pounding . " "  I know the president has fun heckling Congress , " Corker said . "  I think he lost probably numbers of votes with what he did . " Read more : Why your paycheck is getting smaller , no matter what As Monday 's deadline drew nigh , federal agencies were preparing for the possibility of furloughing workers . At the Pentagon , a Defense Department official said as many as 800,000 civilian employees could be forced to take unpaid days off as the armed services face an expected $ 62 billion in cuts in 2013 -- about 12 % of its budget . Those workers perform support tasks across the department , from maintaining aircraft and weapons systems to processing military payrolls and counseling families . The Pentagon believes it can operate for at least two months before any furloughs are necessary , but has to warn its civilian workforce that furloughs could be coming , the official said . Read more : What if there 's no deal on fiscal cliff The White House budget office noted in September that sequestration was designed during the 2011 standoff over raising the federal debt ceiling as "  a mechanism to force Congress to act on further deficit reduction " -- a kind of doomsday device that was never meant to be triggered . But Congress failed to substitute other cuts by the end of 2012 , forcing the government to wield what the budget office called "  a blunt and indiscriminate instrument . " In its place , the Senate plan would use $ 12 billion in new tax revenue to replace half the expected deficit reduction from the sequester and leave another $ 12 billion in spending cuts , split half-and-half between defense and domestic programs . Read more : Medicare patients may suffer if country goes over fiscal cliff Despite Obama 's backing , one leading Senate Democrat warned a deal could run into trouble -- not only from House Republicans who have long opposed any tax increase , but also from liberals in the Senate who oppose allowing more high-income households to escape a tax increase . "  No deal is better than a bad deal , and this looks like a very bad deal the way this is shaping up , " Sen. Tom Harkin , D-Iowa , said Monday morning . Late in the day , nothing had changed that would cause him to support the package . Conservative lobbyist Grover Norquist , whose Americans for Tax Reform pushes candidates to sign a pledge never to raise taxes , said the plan "  right now , as explained " would preserve most of the Bush tax cuts and would n't violate his group 's pledge . "  Take the 84 % of your winnings off the table , " Norquist told CNN . "  We spent 12 years getting the Democrats to cede those tax cuts to the American people . Take them off the table . Then we go back and argue about making the tax cuts permanent for everyone . " But Robert Reich , who served as labor secretary in the Clinton administration , said the $ 450,000 threshold "  means the lion 's share of the burden of deficit reduction falls on the middle class , either in terms of higher taxes down the road or fewer government services . " In addition , he said , the plan does nothing to raise the federal debt ceiling just as the federal government bumps up against its borrowing limit . And that , Arizona GOP Sen. John McCain told CNN , is likely to be "  a whole new field of battle . " "  We just added 2.1 trillion in the last increase in the debt ceiling , and spending continues to go up , " McCain said . "  I think there 's going to be a pretty big showdown the next time around when we go to the debt limit . " CNN 's Mike Pearson , Jessica Yellin , Dana Bash , Deirdre Walsh , Lisa Desjardins , Ted Barrett and Ashley Killough contributed to this report .	Senate leaders cut a deal to avoid the fiscal cliff Biden pitches the plan to Democrats late Monday Obama says more work will be needed and chides Congress for dragging its feet "  Take the 84 % of your winnings off the table , " anti-tax crusader advises GOP
Washington  CNN  -- The Pentagon is blocking public release of photos apparently depicting abuse of suspected terrorists and foreign troops in U.S. custody , and urging the Supreme Court to dismiss a lower court ruling ordering the photos to be publicly disclosed , according to court documents . Defense Secretary Robert Gates notified the high court late Friday that he was issuing an order to block the release . The photos have been at the center of a years-long lawsuit by the American Civil Liberties Union . Congress last month gave the Obama administration specific authority to prevent any release of the 44 photos . Afterward , Gates signed a certificate of authorization , or order , to prevent the photos ' release , saying their disclosure would endanger U.S. troops serving abroad . The order covers all photographs taken of people captured or detained in overseas military operations between September 11 , 2001 , the day of the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington , and January 22 , 2009 , shortly after President Obama took office . The Pentagon initially was set to release the images of Iraqi and Afghan prisoners in response to a Freedom of Information Act request filed by the ACLU . But Obama and the Justice Department objected to the court-ordered release , reversing an earlier executive decision . Obama had initially agreed to the release , but changed his mind after military leaders privately and intensely urged him to block it . The ACLU criticized the administration 's about-face , saying it "  makes a mockery " of Obama 's campaign promise of greater transparency and accountability , and damages efforts to hold accountable those responsible for abusing prisoners . A homeland security appropriations bill passed October 29 by Congress and signed by the president grants the Department of Defense authority to withhold the photographs . The images were gathered as part of a military investigation into allegations that detainees held in Afghanistan and Iraq were tortured and physically abused . According to the government legal brief filed with the high court , several of the photos show "  soldiers pointing pistols or rifles at the heads of hooded and handcuffed detainees . " Other images described by military reports show prisoners in restrained and humiliating positions . Military investigations led to criminal charges against some of the soldiers shown in the images . The photos currently at issue are separate from those first publicly released in 2006 showing abuse of Muslim men held at Baghdad 's Abu Ghraib prison . The New York-based 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals ruled in September 2008 that the photos must be released . The president later said that doing so "  would pose an unacceptable risk of danger to U.S. troops in Afghanistan and Iraq . " Newest Justice Sonia Sotomayor had served on that appeals court until August , but was not involved in that particular case . The high court has delayed for weeks a decision on whether it would accept the ACLU appeal on the broader issues associated with government authority to block release of potentially embarrassing and inflammatory material by the military . The justices will now probably wait to hear from the ACLU over Gates ' order before deciding whether to take the case . The Senate in May voted for the Detainee Photographic Records Protection Act , which would limit the reach of the Freedom of Information Act request in this instance . The House adopted a similar provision in October . Other photos could be released under the earlier appeals court ruling . The case is Department of Defense v. ACLU  09-160  . Separately , the administration also urged the high court to dismiss a pending lawsuit by several Guantanamo Bay detainees , over their claims of torture and religious discrimination . A brief was filed by the Justice Department late Friday , the same time as the separate photograph disclosure case . Four British men , all Muslims and former detainees at the military prison at the Navy base in Cuba , had sued onetime Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and other top Pentagon officials , saying they knew of and condoned physical abuse and denial of rights guaranteed under international law . A federal appeals court had dismissed the lawsuit -- the second one filed by the men -- saying the officials had immunity from such claims . But in June 2008 , the Supreme Court allowed Guantanamo prisoners to challenge their captivity in federal court , and the justices in December urged the lower court to reconsider its decision against the British detainees . In the government filing , Solicitor General Elena Kagan told the high court to exercise caution in granting what she called "  new rights " to detained foreign fighters suing for damages in a military setting . The high court , she noted , had previously told lower courts "  to pay particular heed to any special factors counseling hesitation before authorizing a new kind of federal litigation . " The case is Rasul v. Myers  09-227  .	Documents show Pentagon urging Supreme Court to dismiss ruling ordering photos ' release Defense secretary says showing photos would endanger U.S. troops abroad Obama , Justice Department have objected to release , reversing executive decision Separately , administration wants Gitmo detainees ' suit alleging torture , discrimination dismissed
CNN  Andrae Crouch , a seven-time Grammy winner and gospel music legend , died Thursday at a Los Angeles-area hospital , his publicist said on his website . Crouch was 72 and had been hospitalized at Northridge Hospital Medical Center since Saturday . While Crouch was well-known for his gospel work with his choir , the Disciples , he also produced and arranged songs for pop artists such as Michael Jackson . No cause of death was given . Crouch revolutionized gospel music in the 1970s , giving it a power and verve that propelled him out of the church and into the mainstream , although he really never left the church either . "  Crouch was an innovator , a path-finder , a precursor in an industry noted for its conservative , often derivative approach to popular music , " Robert Darden wrote for Christianity Today . "  He combined gospel and rock , flavored it with jazz and calypso as the mood struck him and the song called for it . " Some of Crouch 's best-know songs are "  My Tribute , " "  The Blood Will Never Lose Its Power " and "  Soon and Very Soon . " Often called "  the father of modern gospel music , " Crouch was inducted into the Gospel Music Association Hall of Fame in 1998 and his songs have been covered by artists as varied as Bob Dylan , Elton John , Barbara Mandrell , Paul Simon , Elvis Presley and Little Richard . And if you needed to give your song a gospel feel , he was the go-to guy . Crouch directed the choirs that sang on Madonna 's "  Like a Prayer " and Michael Jackson 's "  Man in the Mirror . "	Andrae Crouch worked on Madonna 's "  Like a Prayer " and Michael Jackson 's "  Man in the Mirror " He is one of a handful of Gospel artists with a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame .
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- One of the main stumbling blocks to talk with Iran has been the condition that Iran suspends its uranium enrichment . Now , the Obama administration may take that option off the table , at least for now . This is from an Iranian nuclear plant in the central province of Isfahan on April 9 . The United States and its European allies , which have just invited Iran to a fresh round of nuclear talks , are coming to the realization that if Iran 's nuclear program is n't quite at the point of no return , it will be soon . With 5,500 centrifuges , roughly enough for about two weapons worth of uranium a year , Iran is n't going to just shut down its enrichment facility as a goodwill gesture . For years , Iran has been willing to endure sanctions and economic isolation . What it has n't been willing to do is suspend enrichment . Iran maintains enriching uranium for nuclear energy is its right . Now the West seems to have come around to Iran 's way of thinking . Last week during a speech on proliferation in Prague , Czech Republic , President Obama admitted as much when he said , "  We will support Iran 's right to peaceful nuclear energy with rigorous inspections . " The International Atomic Energy Agency , the U.N. nuclear watchdog , has long argued to allow Iran to maintain a small face-saving nuclear enrichment program under the guise of "  research and development . " Allowing such a program under the Non-Proliferation Treaty , at least while negotiations continue , would involve strict IAEA inspections -- something which may give the international community the kind of insight into Iran 's nuclear program which it has long sought . It would also give Iran the cover to come back to the table without claiming it never gave in to the West . Rather , Tehran can boast the international community came around to its point of view . Preventing Iranian enrichment may be an ultimate pipe dream , but officials hope the right package of incentives , coupled with the threat of tougher sanctions , which could cripple its stumbling economy , could deter Tehran from developing a nuclear bomb . If adopted , the new strategy will undoubtedly be condemned by Israel , which has warned the U.S. that it has until the end of the year to put an end to Iran 's uranium production before it takes matters into its own hands . However , moving beyond the issue of enrichment helps Obama inch closer toward engagement with Iran , something he promised during the campaign and has begun to undertake with small , albeit significant , steps , most noticeably his New Year 's message to the Iranian people . Those who watch Iran closely say Obama 's outreach is being warmly received in the region . While the response from spiritual leader Ayatollah Khamanei and President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad seems vague at first glance , experts argue the regime is being quite conciliatory , even flirting with the U.S. overtures and opening the door for talks . Now the administration is taking another leap , inviting Iran to several meetings on Afghanistan as a way to engage on issues of mutual interest . The U.S. is also seriously considering allowing U.S. diplomats around the world to interact with their Iranian counterparts and setting up a U.S. interests section in Iran . Officials say not to expect any dramatic breakthroughs before the Iranians head to the polls to elect a new president in June . But Obama 's conservative critics , including several Republican lawmakers , worry Obama is making it too easy for Iran to come back to the table and is giving credibility to Iran 's defiant Ahmadinejad in his bid for re-election . The goal of stopping Iran from building a nuclear weapon remains , but the tactics are shifting and the rules of the game have changed . Obama and his advisers are betting that by finally giving Iran what it thinks it wants , the U.S. and its allies will get what they need -- a way to bring Iran to the table and start meaningful negotiations , which have eluded them for the past four years .	White House may drop key condition that Iran suspend its nuclear program Obama administration hopes change will bring Iran to negotiation table Obama says he supports Iran 's nuclear program "  with rigorous inspections " Israel wants U.S. to force Iran to end its uranium production program
CNN  -- Billy Horschel is $ 11.4 m richer after getting the better of world number one Rory McIlroy and fellow American Jim Furyk to win the Tour Championship Sunday and clinch the FedEx Cup . His three-shot victory at East Lake has capped a remarkable three weeks for the 27-year-old , who won the preceding BMW Championship after finishing second in the Deutsche Bank Championship . He benefited from a mid-round collapse by McIlroy , who had started the day with Horschel in the joint lead . A double bogey on the short sixth and three further dropped shots around the turn saw the Northern Irishman fall out of contention before three birdies in the final four holes restored a measure of respectability to his round . Furyk emerged as the main challenger to Horschel , drawing level with him before a 31-foot birdie putt put the eventual champion in a lead he never relinquished . Furyk bogeyed the closing par-three 18th to slip back to a tie for second with McIlroy , but there was no doubt about the winner , who closed with a solid 68 for 11-under 269 . "  He deserved it , " McIlroy said . "  He played the best golf this week . " American Chris Kirk , Justin Rose of England and Australian Jason Day were tied for fourth on seven-under . Horschel 's remarkable late season form has lifted him into golfing superstar status , but it has come too late to earn him a place in the United States team for Ryder Cup against Europe later this month . "  It 's unbelievable , " said Horschel , who missed the cut in the first FedEx play-off event before his incredible surge to the top of the standings from 60th at the start of the four tournament mini-series . "  But at the same time I knew my game was in the right shape and I just needed to get out of my own way , allow my golf game to show and it has showed in last three weeks . " His victory in the Tour Championship is worth $ 1.4 m in prize money with a further $ 10m bonus for the FedEx Cup triumph , relegating Furyk to second place with McIlroy in third . The trio had been among five men to have a chance of the bonus at the start of the week in Atlanta . Horschel is also due for good news off the course as his wife Brittany is expected to give birth to a daughter by the end of the month .	Billy Horschel wins Tour Championship at East Lake Horschel claims $ 10m bonus for clinching FedEx Cup crown Rory McIlroy and Jim Furyk tied for second three shots back McIlroy 's chances ended by mid-round collapse
EW.com  -- No one wants a Liberace biopic to be subtle . You want the director to don a puffy-sleeved man-blouse and spell out the drama in rhinestones . You want the camera to linger on the peacock-feathered pianos , the velveteen " royal throne " toilets , and , of course , that white fox-fur coat -- the only coat in the world with its own chauffeur . And you 'll get all of that in Steven Soderbergh 's "  Behind the Candelabra , " which casts Michael Douglas as the Vegas legend and Matt Damon as his much younger lover Scott Thorson , whose memoir of their tumultuous five-year relationship inspired the film . But there 's less razzle-dazzle here than you 'd expect from a portrait of a camp icon . Despite the stranger details of their courtship -- say , the fact that Liberace had Thorson undergo plastic surgery to look more like him , or that he offered to adopt his young paramour -- their love feels as banal as any married couple 's , right up until the end , when Thorson sues Liberace for palimony . The man deserved a sensational , Sunset Boulevard-style tribute ; what he got plays more like a Lifetime movie . To be clear , there 's still just enough camp gold to get the best lines bedazzled on a leotard .  My favorite : " Honey , in gay years , you 're Judy during the Sid Luft obese period . "  Also , casting Rob Lowe as Liberace 's drug-pushing , alien-faced plastic surgeon is a genius move that allows the actor to send up his pretty-boy image . But Douglas ' performance is surprisingly restrained , especially given that he 's playing a man who lived in fear every day that his double life would be exposed . The more secretive parts of Liberace 's world , like his obsession with sex clubs and porn , come across as quirky rather than dark . And Damon , who captures Thorson 's damaged-child side well , makes him a little too sympathetic .  After all , this is a guy who 's now in jail for burglary . It 's interesting that Soderbergh could n't get "  Candelabra " made as a feature film ; he says it 's because studios feared it was " too gay . " Liberace 's fans were actually mostly straight women , the older , blue-haired types . And for better or worse , that seems like the target audience for this movie , a glossy story of love gone wrong and then  slightly  redeemed at the end , without a whole lot of deep pathos in between . Those ladies might 've been comforted by Liberace 's final words in the movie : " Too much of a good thing is wonderful , " he says . That 's true -- but just a little bit more of a bad thing might 've been better . Grade : B - "  Behind the Candelabra " will air Sunday May 26 on HBO . HBO is owned by the parent company of CNN and EW . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Michael Douglas plays Liberace and Matt Damon Scott Thorson in "  Behind the Candelabra " Thorson 's memoir of their five year relationship inspired the film Steven Soderbergh directs
Denver  CNN  -- President Barack Obama and GOP challenger Mitt Romney face off on Wednesday in the first of three presidential debates . While Obama holds a lead in several key battleground states , the race nationally has been locked in a dead heat for months . The debate offers an opportunity for Obama or Romney to gain some momentum and break the logjam . Here are five things to watch for on Wednesday : 1 . Who 's presidential ? The first and most important test for the president and Romney in this opening debate is to act like they belong in the job . We 've heard a lot of bickering on the campaign trail , and there 's plenty of talk that zingers could decide who wins or loses the showdown in Denver . But to most Americans , this debate is really about which candidate has the composure and stature to serve in the Oval Office . What they stand for : Candidates at a glance "  If either the president or Romney ca n't pass this test , the rest really do n't matter . Big ideas from a small person wo n't make you president of the United States , " says Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos . "  When the moment comes , this is like proposing to your wife . This is a big moment . " Thanks to already serving nearly four years in the White House , Obama starts with the advantage , but he ca n't afford to play it safe at the debate . John King : The debates are all about trust "  Playing it safe allows Romney to dominate the agenda and put Obama on defense . Either you 're on offense or defense , and defense loses , " adds Castellanos , who was a senior adviser to Romney in 2008 election . By comparison , Romney has to do double duty : Stay on offense but also look presidential . What does Obama have to do ? "  Keep cool -- which comes naturally to him , " says Democratic strategist and CNN contributor Paul Begala . "  Make it about the middle class , not himself or Romney . " 2 . Can Romney get Libya into the discussion ? The first debate is officially devoted to domestic policy . The listed topics , according to the Commission on Presidential Debates , are the economy , health care , the role of government and governing -- whatever that means . Matters of national security and foreign policy are being left to later debates , but Romney may not be content to wait that long with the drip-drip-drip of conflicting news continuing to emerge from Libya , where four Americans -- including U.S. Ambassador Chris Stevens -- were killed in an apparent terrorist attack last month . Serious questions have been raised for the Obama administration in the wake of the Libya attack : Was the American compound in Benghazi secure before the attack ? Did U.S. officials fail to heed warnings or concerns about possible violence ? Why has the president been so hesitant to describe the incident as a "  terrorist attack " ? Why is the scene still not secure , more than two weeks after the attack ? House GOP wants State Dept. to answer for Libya security "  We 've seen a confused , slow , inconsistent response to what is now very clearly known as a terrorist act , " Republican vice presidential candidate Paul Ryan said on Monday . "  It 's really indicative of a broader failure of this administration 's foreign policy and the crisis that is taking place across the Middle East . " Polls indicate that the economy remains the top issue for voters , and Romney advisers in Boston believe the same . And when it comes to foreign policy , more voters trust Obama than Romney , polls show . But there are hints of vulnerability for the president on Libya crisis . In a recent Fox News poll , 43 % of voters said they disapproved of Obama 's performance on Libya , while 39 % approved . With his campaign scrambling for traction and looking for any opportunity to shrink the trust gap between himself and the president , it wo n't be a shocker if Romney brings up the Middle East turmoil on Wednesday night and ties it to a broader critique of the president 's leadership . Obama , Romney only met a few times 3 . Who makes the case on the economy ? In a debate focusing on domestic concerns , the economy is the issue that should dominate the debate . The economy remains the top issue on the minds of American voters and according to a new CNN/ORC International poll , likely voters are split on whether the president or the Republican nominee would do a better job fixing the economy over the next four years . Expect to hear two very different narratives on Wednesday night . The president will continue to argue that the country 's making progress and that now is not the time to go back to the policies of the George W. Bush years that got us into the current mess . And he 'll say that now 's not the time to go back to helping the millionaires and Wall Street . Expect a very different narrative from Romney . In his year and a half long bid for the White House , one of the former Massachusetts governor 's main arguments is that thanks to his business background , he can do a better job creating jobs than Obama has done over the past four years . The debate in Denver gives Romney a well-watched platform to make his case . Romney : Debates are n't about a win Romney "  has to explain a rationale that he 's offering change that would make things better over the next four years , " says Castellanos . "  This is his opportunity to present his counternarrative , that Obama 's growing the wrong economy . He need say that Washington 's economy is doing just fine , and ask how your economy 's doing . " Whichever candidate better presents and sells his economic narrative will go a long way toward determining who wins the debate , and more importantly , who wins the minds of undecided voters . 4 . Can Obama get women and Latinos into the discussion ? Romney carved out positions during the Republican primaries that have landed him in a deep hole with Hispanic and female voters . Remember the so-called "  war on women " ? In the course of trying to out-conservative his GOP rivals , Romney vowed to end federal funding for Planned Parenthood , came out against a law that mandates insurance companies cover contraception services and did not take a stand on the Lilly Ledbetter Fair Pay Act that Obama signed in 2009 . He has also said he wants the Supreme Court to overturn Roe v. Wade . Romney also rankled Hispanics by calling elements of Arizona 's tough immigration law a "  model " for the nation , floating the notion of "  self-deportation " and promising to veto the DREAM Act , which would offer a path to citizenship for young illegal immigrants . Latino vote in Nevada up for grabs The Obama campaign has exploited these positions to great effect , pushing them to women and Hispanics in swing state campaign appearances , targeted e-mails and niche media efforts .  Do n't know who Cristina Saralegui is ? Google her . Republicans have criticized those tactics as a cynical distraction from the sagging economy , but they 're working . A Quinnipiac poll of Ohio likely voters released last week , for instance , showed Romney losing women to Obama by a staggering 25-point margin . Internal Romney polling , meanwhile , has him badly trailing Obama among Hispanics -- and it 's been that way all year . With more than 50 million people expected to tune in Wednesday evening , do n't expect the president to pass up a golden opportunity to keep female and Hispanic-oriented issues in the national spotlight . In debates , presidential candidates ' tics and tells matter 5 . Taking the zing out of zingers It was just one line in a New York Times story last weekend about each candidate 's debate cram sessions , but it grabbed a lot of attention . "  Mr. Romney 's team has concluded that debates are about creating moments and has equipped him with a series of zingers that he has memorized and has been practicing on aides since August , " reporters Ashley Parker and Peter Baker wrote in the paper . Obama : ` They 're making me do my homework ' Romney advisers are correct that voters are likely to walk away from the debate talking about distinctive moments -- audible sighs , body language , repeated use of phrases such as "  lock box " -- rather than factoids about Medicare Advantage or sequestration . But zingers ? The Obama team predictably pounced on that one . iReporters square off before the debate "  We also saw in reports that Mitt Romney and his team have been working on zingers and special lines for months , " Obama spokeswoman Jennifer Psaki told reporters over the weekend . "  That 's not what the president 's focus is on . So if you 're expecting that , that 's probably not what he 's going to deliver on . " Romney delivered his lines with precision during the Republican primary debates and probably will again on Wednesday . But if it comes to pass that Romney jabs at Obama with a sharp attack or humorous quip , you can be sure the president 's allies will be ready to mock Romney 's reliance on prepared "  zingers " to diminish his stature and performance . New national poll shows close race Complete coverage : CNN Fact Check What questions went unanswered ? Share your thoughts with CNN iReport .	First test for both candidates is who looks like a president Obama could have vulnerability on Libya attack , but agenda is domestic Whose narrative on how to get the economy going will play best to voters ?
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The high-end specialty coffee industry is n't immune to the effects of a recession , but many companies are still doing well . Growers , roasters and equipment manufacturers were represented at the coffee expo in Atlanta . Portland Roasting had a slow holiday season , but business is picking up , said owner Mark Stell . "  February was a great month for us , " he said . Stell traveled from Oregon to Atlanta , Georgia , for the Specialty Coffee Association of America expo , where the show floor was filled with nearly 800 booths featuring everything from exotic coffee beans to the latest Italian espresso machines . Stell 's company sells about a million pounds of coffee a year . He said sales to offices and hotels are down but are being replaced by orders from grocers and universities . "  People do n't leave coffee , " he said . "  They just get it differently . " Tony Riffel owns Octane Coffee in Atlanta and was watching the 10th annual World Barista Championship , held in conjunction with the expo at the Georgia World Congress Center . Pushcart owner Gwilym Davies of London , England , won the 2009 barista crown . Watch baristas battle for the world title " Riffel said business at his coffee shop was flat last summer , but sales are up 10 percent for the first quarter of 2009 . "  The first part of this year has been our best ever , " he said . "  People are being careful with what they 're spending money on , but they 're spending it on quality products . " Business is good enough that Riffel plans to open a second location this year . "  Now is a really good time to do that , " he said . "  Developers and landlords are more flexible and negotiable , " even though banks are "  pickier than normal . " Joseph Taguman also knows about picky banks . The general manager of the Zambia Growers Association said the lack of financing is holding back the association 's 80 farmers . Taguman said the farmers could grow more than their current rate of about 300 metric tons per year , but trees take time to grow and long-term financing is hard to come by in Zambia . A couple of aisles over from Taguman 's booth , Shawn Contreras sees a similar problem . Contreras is the sales director for Diedrich Manufacturing , which has been selling roasting equipment for nearly 30 years . He said wholesale roasters are continuing to grow , but smaller operations are having "  an extraordinarily difficult time " getting funding . Consultant Andrew Hetzel acknowledges that credit is a hindering factor for companies , but he is optimistic about the specialty coffee industry . "  The U.S. market is continuing at a steady pace , " he said . But it 's a slower pace than the past few years . "  Coffee is something that has been with humanity for 1,500 years , " Hetzel said . "  It 's not going anywhere any time soon . "	High-end specialty coffee industry not immune to effects of recession Many companies still doing well , with some looking to expand Hundreds of companies from around the world gathered in Atlanta for annual expo British barista wins World Barista Championship held in conjunction with expo
LONDON , England  CNN  -- A devout Hindu said Wednesday he was confident that a British court will rule that laws preventing him from being cremated on an open-air funeral pyre in "  a sacrament of fire " are a breach of his human rights . Davender Ghai arrives at the High Court for his challenge to be allowed to be cremated on a funeral pyre . Davender Ghai , who emigrated to England from Kenya in 1958 , has a number of ailments including diabetes , asthma , anemia and a degenerative spinal disease but says he fears he will not be allowed to die with "  dignity . " The 70-year-old spiritual healer said that when he does die , he would like his eldest son Sanjay , who lives in Canada , to light the pyre as his family watches what they believe is his soul being released from his body . Local officials in his home city of Newcastle , in northern England , rejected his request for a license for a pyre site , ruling that cremations outside of crematoria were illegal under the 1902 Cremation Act . Watch as Hindu campaigns for pyres " Ghai , a founder member of the Anglo-Asian Friendship Society  AAFS  , subsequently took his legal challenge to the High Court on the grounds that this refusal was discriminatory and violated his human rights . He and his supporters were in court this week as his legal counsel Ramby de Mello said he was "  yearning to die " according to the Hindu religion and to be cremated "  with dignity . " What do you think ? Asked if he believed he would win the ruling , Ghai told CNN on Wednesday : "  I 'm very , very hopeful that we 'll get it . The thing is we 've got good support now . When we first started we had a few people . "  They thought it was illegal and outlawed , so they would n't come forward . Now we 've got very , very good support . I think about 90 percent of the Hindu organizations are begging us . " If he is successful when the court gives its ruling on Thursday , other Hindus and Sikhs could be allowed similar last rites . Ghai said some Hindus currently send the bodies of family members to India for cremation but if the ruling goes in his favor , UK cremations on funeral pyres would be much cheaper . "  Many people are offended and upset  by the refusal to allow funeral pyres in Britain  , because what they 'll think is that all other religions got what they wanted , Hindus did n't get what they wanted . "  The reason being they 're very peaceful people . They 're coming to me and say you 've done well to ask them for this . At least somebody has spoken on behalf of the Hindus . " He described normal cremation facilities as "  a mechanized humiliation of dignity -- a waste disposal process devoid of spiritual significance . " "  Confining bodies in coffins and concealing the cremation process " did not reflect his cultural values , Ghai added . In July 2006 , Ghai and the AAFS escaped prosecution after cremating the body of Rajpal Mehat , an Indian-born Sikh , on an open pyre in a remote field hired from an apparently unwitting landowner , PA reported . Ghai dismissed fears that cremation on funeral pyres could damage the environment and pledged to do everything to minimize pollution . "  They burned about 200,000 cattles because of foot and mouth disease ; if burning 200,000 cattles then did n't affect the environment , how can a few bodies affect the environment ? "	British Hindu fights in court to be allowed to be cremated on funeral pyre He says local officials ' refusal to allow funeral pyre breach his human rights Officials : Cremations outside of crematoria are illegal under 1902 Cremation Act
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Daniel Escobar , who played a teacher in "  Lizzie McGuire , " died from complications of diabetes in Los Angeles last Friday , his agent said . He was 49 . Escobar is credited with acting in five episodes of the Disney TV series in 2001 and reprising the role in "  The Lizzie McGuire Movie " in 2003 . His most recent role was as a waiter in a single episode of the NBC sitcom "  Whitney " in 2011 , according to the Internet Movie DataBase . Escobar also portrayed a photographer in a "  Desperate Housewives " episode in 2009 , a chiropractor in "  Two and a Half Men " in a 2003 episode , a chef in a 2002 episode of "  Curb Your Enthusiasm , " along with other guest appearances in episodes of "  Weeds , " "  Charmed " and "  How I Met Your Mother . " His resume includes four episodes of "  Dharma & Greg " as Lorenzo the waiter between 1999 and 2002 . Escobar 's film roles include as Emilio Ochoa in the 2001 movie "  Blow . " People we lost in 2013 CNN 's Carolyn Sung contributed to this report .	Escobar acted in five episodes of the Disney TV series "  Lizzie McGuire " Other recurring TV roles include "  Whitney , " "  Dharma & Greg " Escobar also acted in the 2001 film "  Blow "
CNN  -- JetBlue is making the driver 's fantasy of levitating above traffic a reality in Los Angeles this weekend . Anticipating the city 's impending "  Carmageddon , " the airline known for its egalitarian seating plans , satellite TV and fancy potato chips offered $ 4 flights between Burbank and Long Beach . The distance between the two airports is a little less than 40 miles and is the airline 's shortest ever flight , JetBlue spokeswoman Allison Steinberg said . For more than 48 hours this weekend , a 10-mile section of Interstate 405  "  The 405 " in local vernacular  will be closed for construction , allowing workers to demolish a bridge and add carpool lanes . The freeway , which links the San Fernando Valley to the coast , usually sees about 500,000 cars each weekend on the stretch of road that will be closed . JetBlue announced the deal on its special fares Twitter feed Wednesday afternoon . The deal quickly gained momentum . "  405 freeway closure ? We 're so over it , " JetBlue wrote on its blog . JetBlue announced that the flights were sold out three hours after initially tweeting the deal . The fare includes taxes and fees , except for possible unaccompanied minor fees or for checking an overweight or second bag , according to JetBlue 's website . There will be two trips from each airport on Saturday afternoon and evening . Steinberg said that this is deal was different from other special offers , which offer discounts on existing routes but do n't add new ones . "  We 've offered different sales and tied them into local events , but I think it 's unique in the sense that we literally added a route with two flights for Saturday . "	This weekend , a 10-mile section of Interstate 405 in California will be closed for construction Anticipating "  Carmageddon , " JetBlue sold flights between Long Beach and Burbank for $ 4 JetBlue announced that the flights were sold out three hours after initially tweeting the deal
China 's brand new moon rover is already saying farewell . The diminutive lunar explorer , known as Jade Rabbit , or "  Yutu " in Chinese , was about halfway through a three-month mission to study the moon 's crust when it suffered a potentially crippling breakdown , said state media . The report , authored by China 's state-run Xinhua news , was written in the voice of the rover itself . "  Although I should 've gone to bed this morning , my masters discovered something abnormal with my mechanical control system , " said the Xinhua report , in the voice of the Jade Rabbit . "  My masters are staying up all night working for a solution . I heard their eyes are looking more like my red rabbit eyes . " "  Nevertheless , I 'm aware that I might not survive this lunar night , " it added . During a lunar night , which lasts about 14 Earth days , the moon 's surface temperature can plunge to minus-180 Celsius . To make it through the cold , the lunar rover must "  hibernate " to preserve its delicate electronics . If a mechanical problem keeps it from hibernating properly , then the Rabbit could freeze to death . Named after a mythical rabbit who lives on the moon , Yutu was a source of national pride when it launched into space last December along with the lunar lander Chang ` e-3 , named after the moon goddess who kept Yutu by her side . The successful lunar landing made China the third country in the world to perform a "  soft landing " on the moon 's surface . Earlier , Yutu and Chang ' e survived their first lunar night together , from Christmas until the second week of January . The Chang ` e-3 lander successfully entered a second hibernation on Friday and is expected to function normally for another year . " -LSB- Chang ` e -RSB- does n't know about my problems yet , " said the voice of Yutu in the Xinhua report . "  If I ca n't be fixed , everyone please comfort her . " On social media , thousands of Chinese internet users sent their well-wishes to the little robot . "  You have done a great job , Yutu . You have endured extreme hot and cold temperatures and shown us what we have never seen , " wrote one microblogger , as quoted by Xinhua . Another wrote : "  This is too heavy a burden . If the rabbit can not stand again , maybe we should let it have a rest . " Despite the setbacks , even the little Rabbit seemed aware of the odds it had overcome . "  Before departure , I studied the history of mankind 's lunar probes . About half of the past 130 explorations ended in success ; the rest ended in failure , " noted the Jade Rabbit in its report . "  This is space exploration ; the danger comes with its beauty . I am but a tiny dot in the vast picture of mankind 's adventure in space . "  The sun has fallen , and the temperature is dropping so quickly ... to tell you all a secret , I do n't feel that sad . I was just in my own adventure story - and like every hero , I encountered a small problem , " said the Rabbit . "  Goodnight , Earth , " it said . "  Goodnight , humanity . " Moon rover launched successfully Is Asia on cusp of space race ?	The Jade Rabbit moon rover suffers serious malfunction , says state media Report written in the voice of the rover says "  I might not survive this lunar night " Chinese social media users have flooded the rover with well-wishes "  Goodnight Earth , goodnight humanity , " says the Jade Rabbit in the report
Orlando , Florida  CNN  -- "  These people saved my family from an almost certain fiery death . " Doug White speaks highly of the air traffic controllers and flight instructor who helped talk him through landing a plane last year after the pilot died . He and his family finally met the team last week , after they received the highest honor from the National Air Traffic Controllers Association at a ceremony in Orlando , Florida . In April 2009 , White , 56 , and his wife and their two daughters were returning to Louisiana after attending a funeral for White 's brother . Less than 10 minutes after their private chartered plane took off from Marco Island , Florida , the unexpected happened . "  I 've got to declare an emergency . My pilot 's deceased . I need help , " White told the control tower . He had seized the radio after the pilot had fallen unconscious . "  I need to get this on the ground . I 'm flyin ' a King Air . " Luckily , White had three months of flight lessons , but he had flown only a small , less-sophisticated single-engine plane . That 's like going from a Volkswagen to a race car , he said . In the background of their conversation , dozens of controllers were scrambling to reroute flights while Fort Myers International Airport prepared to accept the plane . "  Disengage the autopilot . We 're gon na have you hand-fly the plane , " instructed controller and experienced pilot Lisa Grimm said . "  You find me the longest , widest runway you can , ma'am , " White responded in a deadpan Louisiana twang . Controllers in Fort Myers reached out to flight instructor and pilot Kari Sorenson , who was familiar with the King Air plane . At last week 's reunion , Sorenson said he relayed through the controllers only the most critical information needed to get the plane safely on the ground . White jokingly accused Sorenson of withholding some information . "  Would you want to have heard it ? " Sorensen joked back . Sorensen had high praise for White 's maneuvering of the twin-engine plane . "  Doug learned to fly that plane in 20 minutes , " Sorensen said . "  I do n't think you could have made the plane more complex or the pilot less experienced and have had a successful landing . " Grimm said she remembered White 's steady demeanor through the whole incident . "  He was like the coolest cucumber , " she said . Shortly after the pilot slumped over in his seat , White yelled for his wife to come up to the cockpit . Terry White recalled that she was initially annoyed with her husband 's tone , thinking he wanted her to bring him a soda . Once she realized the gravity of the situation , "  my first thought was my girls , " she said . At one point , Doug White held out his hand , and Terry said , "  You 're not even shaking ... and -LSB- he -RSB- said , ' I am on the inside . ' "  That 's just the way he is , " she said . There were times , White admitted , when he got nervous . "  I thought they were leaving me out there stranded , " White said . "  And it 's real quiet in that airplane when nobody 's talking to you . " His teenage daughter Maggie White said she felt helpless . "  I mean , what could I do ? Nothing , just sit there and pray and , you know , throw up , " she said . White said he felt a bond with the team of air traffic controllers , as if they had been in combat together . The White family was shocked to learn during the reunion that they were given only a 5 percent chance of surviving . The Louisiana pharmacist has gone on to receive his pilot 's license , saying he never wants to be in the same situation again . "  If you 're gon na die , at least die trying not to , " Doug White said .	Last year , Doug White took control of twin-engine plane after pilot died White and his family were returning home from a funeral A year later , they met flight experts who helped them land
Bangkok , Thailand  CNN  -- Relations between Cambodia and Thailand took a further turn for the worse Tuesday , after ousted Thai Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra arrived in Phnom Penh to begin his new job there . Thaksin arrived in Cambodia Tuesday to begin his first day as an economic adviser , a move that has infuriated Thailand . In response to the relationship with Thaksin , Thailand has suspended its cooperation with Cambodia , a Thai government official said Tuesday . Thailand has also suspended a memorandum of understanding with Cambodia , an agreement that governs an overlapping waterway between the two countries , said Panitan Wattanayakorn , a Thai government spokesman . Thai officials also plan to send out an extradition request to Cambodia for Thaksin , the spokesman said . The actions are the latest moves in worsening relations between the southeast Asian countries that were sparked by Cambodia 's hiring of Thaksin . Last week , Thailand withdrew its ambassador to Cambodia and , in response , Cambodia pulled its top diplomat to Thailand . Cambodian officials said Thaksin arrived Tuesday and had a welcome luncheon with Prime Minister Hun Sen and the two were expected to have a friendly dinner later . Cambodia had not received extradition papers from Thailand , government spokesman Phay Siphan said . Thaksin , a billionaire businessman who served two terms as prime minister , was ousted in a bloodless coup in 2006 . Thaksin fled Bangkok last year while facing trial on corruption charges that he said were politically motivated . Though he has fled the country , he remains a controversial figure in Thailand , and there have been violent clashes in the country between pro and anti-Thaksin groups . CNN 's Kocha Olarn contributed to this report .	Ousted Thai PM Thaksin Shinawatra arrives in Cambodia to work as economic adviser Thai officials say they will issue extradition request for Thaksin Thailand suspends cooperation with Cambodia , withdraws ambassador Thaksin fled Thailand last year while awaiting trial on corruption charges
CNN  -- The Boy Scouts of America would no longer deny membership to youth on the basis of sexual orientation but would maintain its ban on openly gay adult leaders under a proposal it is considering , the group said Friday . The organization 's executive committee made the proposal , which is expected to be presented to the Boy Scouts ' voting members at its May meeting in Dallas . If the policy is approved , it will take effect January 1 . "  If approved , the resolution would mean that ` no youth may be denied membership in the Boy Scouts of America on the basis of sexual orientation or preference alone . ' The BSA will maintain the current membership policy for all adults , " Boy Scouts public relations director Deron Smith said . Survey asks whether gay and straight Boy Scouts can share tent The Boy Scouts have been considering a change in the longstanding policy against allowing openly gay members . In February , the Boy Scouts ' national executive board postponed a vote on lifting its outright ban on openly gay Scouts and troop leaders and ordered a survey of its members on the issue . The survey showed a generational split between adults and youth in the scouting community . While most adults support the Boy Scouts ' current policy of "  excluding open and avowed homosexuals , young parents and teens tend to oppose the policy , " according to the survey , which was also released Friday . The change does n't go far enough for James Dale , an Eagle Scout and former assistant troop leader who sued the scouts under New Jersey state law after he was kicked out of the Boy Scouts in 1990 because he is gay . "  This proposal continues to send a destructive message , offering the veneer of acceptance while still communicating that being gay is immoral , " Dale said . "  Fair-minded Americans will not again welcome the Scouts until they stop discriminating . " James Dale : Boy Scouts need to stop discriminating Dale 's lawsuit , filed in 1992 , said his expulsion violated the state 's anti-discrimination law . When his case made it to the Supreme Court in 2000 , the court ruled that it would violate the Boy Scouts ' First Amendment protection of freedom of association to require that it accept gay members . Lawyer Evan Wolfson , who represented Dale in that case , applauded the move to include gay youth in scouting but agreed that banning them once they 're adults is wrong . "  Barring discrimination against gay youth is an important step forward that is in the best interest of young people and scouting in America , " Wolfson said . "  But leaving in place a discriminatory policy once those kids grow up still sends a damaging message to gay and non-gay young people that is inconsistent with the other values that scouting claims to teach . " Former Eagle Scout John Stemberger , founder of OnMyHonor.Net , a group opposing the policy change , said the Boy Scouts currently allow anyone to participate , disallowing only "  the open and aggressive promotion of homosexuality and political agendas , " according to a statement . "  When it comes to young boys , parents should still have the final say on the issues of sexuality and politics , " he said . "  Allowing open homosexuality in the BSA injects both those topics right into the program . We urge the national council to vote against this resolution and uphold the time-tested membership policy of the Boy Scouts . " There 's no guarantee the approximately 1,400 voting members will follow the national board 's lead in its May vote . The local representatives who are voting members of the national council are supposed to represent their local councils ' viewpoints . Opinion : Ban on gays hurting Scouting "  It is up to each  local  council and each voting member of the National Council to determine how to fulfill these obligations in a manner that fulfills their responsibility to both the Boy Scouts of America and to their local council , " Scouts spokesman Smith wrote in an e-mail . The Family Research Council hopes to convince the voting members to vote "  No . " The group is presenting a Stand with the Scouts simulcast on May 5 , asking people to watch together in their churches and homes . "  The outcome of this decision will affect the very future of Scouting , as a shift in the policy would undermine the very principles held by the BSA for over a century , " said the council , on its website . "  This decision is too important for those who value the Boy Scouts and its value to American communities to stand idly by . " Provo , Utah , Scout leader Paul Barker sees the glass as half-full . "  I am forever an optimist , and I see it as a very big step forward in the right direction to which I will applaud , " said Barker , an Eagle Scout and married father of four , ages 4 months to 7 years . Saddened by recent stories of Eagle Scouts turning in their badges , Barker launched Ally Patches to support gay Scouts and their allies and create an atmosphere that 's more welcoming . Barker 's website is selling patches similar to those Scouts earn to signal support for gay members .  The price tag is $ 3.50 per patch , and $ 1 goes to the Family Acceptance Project . "  I had great , great leaders  in the Scouts  ; they were like second parents to me , " he said . "  I took their example of love and compassion and wanted to do something . " Do you support the Boy Scouts changing their policy to accept gay scouts ? Does it go far enough or too far ? Please share your views in the comments below .	Under proposed rules , Boy Scouts would not exclude youths for sexual orientation The Scouts would maintain a ban on openly gay adult leaders under the proposal The proposal is expected to be presented to the Boy Scouts ' voting members in May If the policy is approved , it would take effect at the start of 2014
A senior staffer for a Republican congressman scolded President Obama 's daughters for dressing like "  they deserve a spot at a bar " and told them to "  try showing a little class " in a Facebook post that has since gone viral , drawing her heavy criticism and prompting calls for her dismissal . Elizabeth Lauten , communications director for Tennessee Rep. Steve Fincher and a former communications staffer for the Republican National Committee , wrote the screed against the First Daughters in a Facebook post on Thanksgiving . In it , she scolded them for their clothes and bored looks during Wednesday 's turkey pardoning , and took aim at the President and First Lady for failing to "  respect their positions . " "  Dear Sasha and Malia : I get you 're both in those awful teen years , but you 're a part of the First Family , try showing a little class . At least respect the part you play , " Lauten wrote in the post . "  Then again , your mother and father do n't respect their positions very much , or the nation for that matter , " she added . "  So I 'm guessing you 're coming up a little short in the ` good role model ' department . " While Sasha and Malia Obama , 13 and 16 years old , respectively , indeed both looked less than enthusiastic to accompany their father to the Turkey pardoning ceremony on Wednesday , their typically teenage glowers were met with amusement by multiple media outlets . Lauten , however , had some advice for the First Daughters , imploring them in the Facebook post to "  stretch yourself ... rise to the occasion " and "  act like being in the White House matters to you . " "  Dress like you deserve respect , not a spot at a bar . And certainly do n't make faces during televised , public events , " she concluded . The post was tweeted out by a reporter for African-American media outlet The Root and quickly picked up traction across social media , prompting heavy criticism across the web . One Lauten detractor launched a petition on Change.org , a popular progressive organizing tool , calling for Lauten to be fired . Hours after the post went viral , Lauten returned to Facebook to publish an apology , admitting she "  quickly judged the two young ladies in a way that I would never have wanted to be judged myself as a teenager . " "  After many hours of prayer , talking to my parents , and re-reading my words online I can see more clearly just how hurtful my words were . Please know , those judgmental feelings truly have no place in my heart , " she said . Lauten also pledged to "  learn and grow ... from this experience . " Neither Lauten , her chief of staff Jessica Carter nor Fincher responded to requests for comment via email . The First Daughters , meanwhile , took an outing with their father to a local bookstore in Washington on Saturday , to highlight Small Business Saturday .	A Republican spokeswoman 's comments about President Obama 's daughters is causing a stir online . The spokeswoman criticized the girls ' dress and said they should n't roll their eyes at their dad .
CNN  -- The world 's fastest man on a pair of skis just got faster . On Monday Italian Simone Origone broke his own speed skiing world record as he reached 252.4 kilometers per hour on the Chabrieres slopes in the French Alps -- an achievement confirmed by organizers France Ski de Vitesse . With a 1,220 m slope that has a maximum gradient of 98 % and an average of 52.5 % , Chabrieres is not for the faint-hearted . Traveling at over 250 km/h is a privilege usually reserved for Formula One drivers , yet speed skier Origone was equipped with just an aerodynamic helmet to increase streamlining and a ski suit made from air-tight latex to reduce wind resistance . Origone 's one nod to safety was wearing a back protector in case of a crash as he threw himself down the one kilometer track . Origone has been the fastest speed skier on the globe since April 2006 , having set a then-new world record of 251.4 km/h at Les Arcs . Bastien Montes of France was Origone 's closest challenger on Monday , but even the Frenhcman 's new personal best of 248.105 km/h was someway short of the Italian 's 2006 world record , let alone his latest one . "  Simone Origone is the greatest champion of all time , he is the only person to hold the record for two ski speeds in France -- Les Arcs and Vars Chabrieres . This is a historic day , " technical director of Speed Masters Philippe Billy told Vars.com . The 34-year-old Origone -- a ski instructor , mountain guide and rescuer by day -- only took up the discipline in 2003 , having given up downhill skiing in 1999 . "  Now that I have twice won the world record , I can say that I have made history , " Origone told Vars.com . "  It is important for me and for speed skiing . "	Simone Origone breaks speed skiing world record with speed of 252.454 km/h The Italian beats his own record of 251.4 km/h set in 2006 The 34-year-old sets record at Vars Chabrieres in French Alps
House Speaker John Boehner on Thursday rebuked Iowa GOP colleague Rep Steve King for controversial comments on undocumented immigrants , calling the remarks "  deeply offensive and wrong , " and acknowledged the fallout makes it harder to reach a deal on immigration reform . King , when discussing a proposal to give citizenship to the children of undocumented workers in an interview last week with Newsmax , suggested many of them were drug smugglers . "  For everyone who 's a valedictorian , there 's another 100 out there who weigh 130 pounds -- and they 've got calves the size of cantaloupes because they 're hauling 75 pounds of marijuana across the desert , " King asserted . Democrats immediately denounced the comments and Boehner released a written statement with similarly sharp criticism two days ago . But at a time when there is mounting pressure on House Republicans to address an overhaul of immigration policy , Boehner deliberately repeated the message before TV cameras at his weekly press conference . "  There is no place in this debate for hateful or ignorant comments from elected officials , " Boehner said . He added that what King said "  does not reflect the values of the American people or the Republican Party . We all need to do our work in a constructive , open and respectful way . " Boehner and many other House Republicans are now backing a proposal that would allow children brought into the United States illegally by their parents to obtain citizenship . But King is n't backing off . He doubled down on Thursday , maintaining his remarks were based on facts . "  If people were offended , were they offended by the number or my choice of the fruit ? And , if so , what 's offensive about the number or that ? I ca n't imagine why it 's racist and if I offended anybody it was drug smugglers and it does n't trouble me to offend drug smugglers . If I intended to offend anybody that would be the group , " King said . After speaking on the House floor , King did n't seem fazed by Boehner 's comments . "  We know that the speaker responds to criticism in the press . " King said , adding that he would have preferred Boehner to approach him personally before speaking to the media . Many House Republicans quickly recognized the potential political damage King 's remarks could have on the GOP as the party works to regain ground with Hispanic voters after losing badly among the group in the 2012 election . California Republican Rep Jeff Denham , who represents a district with a significant Latino population , concurred with Boehner in a tweet . " @SpeakerBoehner is right . Rep. King 's comments are hurtful & disrespectful . Lone member 's prejudicial statements wo n't derail progress ! " The American Action Network , a GOP leaning group , released a poll on Wednesday that found a majority of Republicans in King 's district backed a comprehensive approach to immigration reform . Without naming King , Dan Conston , the group 's spokesman , sent a statement stressing the public support for legislation . "  Hopefully with knowledge like this , the most ardent opponents of reform will pause to consider what they can support and how they can play a constructive role in fixing this broken immigration system . " King brushed off the poll , and suggested the questions were crafted to get a specific response . He admitted his office has been inundated with calls since the public coverage of his comments , and said to date the reaction has been slightly more negative , with 55 opposed and 45 supporting his position .	Rep. Steve King made controversial remarks about citizenship , undocumented immigrant children House speaker rebuked colleague at news conference , calling comments "  deeply offensive " King doubles down , says his remarks were not offensive ; criticizes Boehner Fate of immigration reform legislation uncertain in Congress
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- Rio de Janeiro 's special police forces declared Sunday that they were in full control of one of the city 's biggest and most notorious shantytowns , Rocinha , after a predawn operation aimed at wresting control from drug traffickers . The operation , involving 3,000 police and security forces , had successfully occupied Rocinha and neighboring slums Vidigal and Chacara do Ceu , the Rio de Janeiro government said on its website . "  The next stage will be looking for the criminals that were able to get out of the places we are working , " military police Col. Alberto Pinheiro Neto told reporters Sunday morning . About 100,000 people live in Rocinha . Some 200 navy commandos with armored personnel carriers and helicopters also participated in the operation . Roads were blocked at 2:30 a.m. and troops started moving in around 4 a.m. , according to the local government . CNN affiliate Band News TV showed military assault vehicles rolling in and heavily armed police patrolling the streets . The massive operation is part of Rio 's efforts to eliminate crime and arrest drug traffickers in one of the countryÂ ¹ s most violent cities ahead of the 2014 World Cup . Rio de Janeiro Gov. Sergio Cabral said the so-called "  Shock of Peace " operation was a "  historic chapter . " "  We are rescuing communities that were abandoned for decades and dominated by parallel powers , " he told reporters . "  These are people who need to be able to raise their children in peace . " Residents told Band News TV that they were happy that police had stepped up their presence . The operation will have an impact beyond Rocinha , which supplies 80 % of the drugs in Rio de Janeiro , Congresswoman Marina Magessi told Band News TV . "  We are certain that from now until the end of the year , there will be a shortage of drugs present in Rio , " said Magessi , a former police inspector responsible for catching some of Rio 's top criminals . Police have already "  pacified " dozens of favelas since they began operations in 2008 , but it 's an uphill battle . About one-fifth of RioÂ ¹ s residents live in the city 's 1,000 shantytowns , many of them perched on steep hills overlooking beachside condominiums . Sunday 's operation stands in stark contrast to the invasion of the Alemao favela last year when more than 30 people were killed in shootouts . Police arrested Rocinha 's top suspected drug trafficker days before they moved in . They found Antonio Francisco Bomfim , known as Nem , in the trunk of a car . On Sunday , police reported capturing a handful of automatic guns and other weapons . They also found the steep and winding roads leading into Rocinha covered with oil , apparently an attempt to make it more difficult for police to enter . CNN 's Marilia Brocchetto contributed to this report .	NEW : A former police inspector says the operation will cut down on Rio 's drug supply Governor : "  We are rescuing communities that were abandoned for decades " Rio de Janeiro is trying to crack down on crime before the 2014 World Cup Steep roads in Rocinha are covered in oil , possibly in an attempt to hinder police
Baltimore , Maryland  CNN  -- From her Baltimore kitchen , Rebecca Murphy is lobbying legislators , crafting signs and making phone calls as she wages a battle to allow gays and lesbians to marry in her state . The married mother of two does n't have a personal stake in the fight . Rather , Murphy represents the growing number of people nationwide who support gay rights regardless of their own sexual orientation . "  I have gay and lesbian friends and family who are raising children and creating lives , and they deserve to be treated fairly , " she says . As national polls show a shift in attitudes about same-sex marriage , Murphy 's state of Maryland is one of three poised to put the issue to an up-or-down popular vote for the first time next month . While support has grown , there are still many who oppose allowing gays to marry and are doing their part to strike the measure down . The Rev. Frank Reid and his wife , Marlaa , of Bethel AME Church in Baltimore run workshops for single African-Americans in an effort to encourage strong marriages and discourage sexual behaviors that can lead to HIV/AIDS . "  I do understand and accept that there are other patterns for families , " Marlaa Reid says . "  However , the basic prescription for marriage , I embrace it as a biblical prescription . A man and a woman . " Her husband is quick to point out that though the Reids support the traditional view of marriage , it "  does not mean that we do n't love our gay , lesbian and transgender brothers and sisters . " "  It means that we do n't take our direction from the president , whoever he or she may be . It is a reminder to us that God loves the sinner , but hates the sin , " Frank Reid says . What a difference Voters have mostly agreed with the Reids ' views . Thirty-eight states have passed bans on marriages between people of the same sex , mostly by amending their constitutions to define marriage as the union between a man and a woman . In the six states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut , Iowa , Vermont , New Hampshire and New York -- and the District of Columbia where gays and lesbians have won marriage rights , it was because of actions taken by judges or legislators , not voters . But what a difference an election cycle makes . Four years ago , three states -- Arizona , Florida and California -- joined the list of those with constitutional amendments banning same-sex marriage , while Arkansas banned same-sex couples from adopting . This year , Maryland , Maine and Washington could go the other way . Maine could represent the biggest turnaround . The state rejected their governor 's decision to allow same-sex marriage in 2009 , but recent polling suggests a shift . The Pan Atlantic SMS Group of Portland released a poll October 10 saying "  55 % of Mainers plan to vote in support of same-sex marriage " and another 1.3 % are leaning that way , the Press Herald reported . Washington and Maryland , meanwhile , are voting on whether to affirm decisions made by their legislatures and supported by their governors . "  The biggest difference going into this election as opposed to the last election is that a majority of Americans now support the freedom to marry , we have a president of the United States that supports the freedom to marry , we have six states and the District of Columbia where gay people can share in the freedom to marry , " says Evan Wolfson , founder of Freedom to Marry , a group supporting the right of gays to marry . A CNN/ORC poll in June found that a majority of Americans support marriage rights for gays and lesbians , reflecting a dramatic shift in public opinion over the past two decades . The number of Americans who say they have a close friend or family member who is gay or lesbian , meanwhile , has jumped from 49 % in 2010 to 60 % today , the first time in CNN polling that a majority of Americans have said that . In the 1990s , most Americans said they did not know anyone close to them who was gay . Drew Tagliabue , the executive director of the New York City chapter of Parents and Friends of Lesbians and Gays , says ties with gay people have prompted non-gays to support gay rights causes in increasing numbers . "  When you come at something and you know someone who is gay , it takes the fear out of the issue and makes it clear that it 's just a simple matter of equality , " he says . The November votes come as courts are moving to overturn the Defense of Marriage Act , one of the biggest obstacles to gay rights supporters . The divisive act , passed in 1996 , bars federal recognition of marriages between people of the same sex and says states can not be forced to recognize them . Timeline : Same-sex marriage On Thursday , a federal appeals court in New York became the nation 's second to strike down the law , saying that it violates the Constitution 's equal protection clause . Read the ruling  PDF  . A federal appeals court in Boston made a similar ruling in May . The appellate court decisions mean the next step is likely to be a review by the U.S. Supreme Court . Related : Federal court strikes down Defense of Marriage Act Courting minority voters In Maryland , gay rights advocates hope minorities will turn out to support the ballot measure -- known as Question 6 . Nearly 30 % of voters in Maryland are black and 8.4 % are Latino . Both communities have shown a surge of support since May , when President Obama came out in support of same-sex marriage . Washington Post-ABC polls taken before and after Obama 's announcement showed an 18-point jump in the number of African-Americans who support same-sex marriage . Also , 52 % in a recent Pew Research Center national poll of Latinos said they support same-sex marriage , a significant increase from 2006 when 52 % said they opposed it . Partnerships with racial and ethnic minorities became more important to the gay and lesbian community after 2008 , when California voters approved a ballot measure to ban same-sex marriages . Voter exit polls showed strong support for the measure by blacks and Latinos . Wolfson , of Freedom to Marry , says that gay rights groups reacted by reaching out more aggressively to minority communities and encouraging gays and lesbians who are minorities to talk to their own friends and families about gay rights . "  I think it will be huge if the African-Americans of this state do what I think they 're going to do , which is to recognize that everybody is entitled to equal protection under the law , " says Murphy , who is black . Also supporting allowing gays and lesbians to marry in Maryland is the NAACP , which has put the civil rights group at loggerheads with clergy such as Reid . Reid accuses gay groups of forging convenient ties with black and Latino communities , while doing little to champion other minority causes . "  Where is this money for education to pour out to Latino and African-American communities , " Reid asks . Kevin Nix , a spokesman for Marylanders for Marriage Equality , says the group is focused only on Question 6 right now and not other minority ballot issues like a local version of the Dream Act , which aims to protect undocumented young immigrants from deportation . Derek McCoy , a married father of three from Prince Georges County , has turned his opposition to Question 6 into a full-time job . He sees the ballot measure as a threat to his own personal freedoms . "  We are making a fundamental shift in what society sees as marriage , " he says . "  When we look at it , people are asking to change our religious and civil liberties . " Big money Question 6 has attracted big money from supporters and opponents around the country . A recent Washington Post poll showed the gay community winning the issue by a 9-point margin just days after New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg donated $ 250,000 to Marylanders for Marriage Equality . Hedge fund manager Paul Singer donated the same amount . Former NFL commissioner Paul Tagliabue lives in the District of Columbia , but he and his family have donated $ 100,000 to Marylanders for Marriage Equality . In past campaigns to expand marriage rights , little connection was made between dollars spent and outcome , and gay rights organizations were not always leading the way on collecting money from out of state . This time , if gay rights groups are n't outpacing opponents in raising out-of-state funds , they 're close . Tagliabue , Bloomberg and Singer 's combined donation of $ 600,000 is nearly as much as the entire budget of their opponents . The National Organization for Marriage , which opposes allowing same-sex marriage , has a $ 2 million matching grant challenge on its website targeting the November initiatives . The Knights of Columbus , a Roman Catholic organization that opposes same-sex marriage , acknowledged last week that it has spent at least $ 6 million since 2005 on a variety of initiatives opposing the expansion of marriage rights . In the Maryland race , gay rights groups appear to be leading in fund raising , with $ 3.2 million to $ 835,000 for their opponents . According to the Washington Public Disclosure Commission , gay civil rights activists in that state are ahead $ 10.5 million to $ 1.8 million . Maine gay rights supporters have $ 3.35 million to their opponents ' $ 430,000 , according to the Maine Commission on Governmental Ethics and Practices . "  The top goal for the second half of 2012 is to win one of these ballot measures , " Wolfson says . "  We 've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in public opinion . We 've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in courts . We 've shown that we can win the freedom to marry in legislatures . ... We 've shown we can win the freedom to marry with the support of both Republican and Democratic legislatures . The last barrier we have to overcome is to show we can win the freedom to marry in an up-or-down vote on the ballot . " Watch CNN Newsroom weekdays 9am to 3pm ET and weekends . For the latest from the CNN Newsroom click here .	Three states will put gay/lesbian marriages to a popular vote for the first time The votes could indicate shifting public opinion on same-sex marriage Pro-gay/lesbian marriage donors include NYC Mayor Bloomberg and ex-NFL chief Tagliabue
Washington  CNN  -- President Obama has asked the Department of Health and Human Services to establish a rule that would prevent hospitals from denying visitation privileges to gay and lesbian partners . The president 's Thursday memo said , "  There are few moments in our lives that call for greater compassion and companionship than when a loved one is admitted to the hospital . ... Yet every day , all across America , patients are denied the kindnesses and caring of a loved one at their sides . " Gay and lesbian Americans are "  uniquely affected " by relatives-only policies at hospitals , Obama said , adding that they "  are often barred from the bedsides of the partners with whom they may have spent decades of their lives -- unable to be there for the person they love , and unable to act as a legal surrogate if their partner is incapacitated . " When Lisa Pond collapsed during a family vacation in Florida three years ago , her partner of 17 years was kept away from her hospital room . Janice Langbehn begged and waited for hours to stand by Pond 's bedside at Miami 's Jackson Memorial Hospital , but it was n't until her partner 's sister arrived that she got any information . In the end , the person Pond was closest to was relegated to a waiting room as she died from an aneurysm . "  To hold Lisa 's hand was n't a gay right , it was a human right , " Langbehn told CNN on Thursday . Obama requested that the regulation make clear that any hospital receiving Medicare and Medicaid funding , which includes the vast majority of U.S. hospitals , must allow patients to decide who can visit them and prohibit discrimination based on a variety of characteristics , including sexual orientation and gender identity . Read the president 's memorandum  PDF The president listed widows and widowers without children and members of certain religious orders among those who suffer under the policy . The memo was welcomed by gays and lesbians , who have used the restrictions on hospital visitation as an argument in favor of same-sex marriage . "  In the absence of gay people being able to legally marry in most jurisdictions , this is a step to rectify a gross inequity , " said David Smith , an executive at the Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest gay rights group . "  Because without gay marriage , much more inequities exist . It should be applauded . " Smith said the organization had been working with the Obama administration for months on the request , and that it was sparked by the case of an Olympia , Washington , lesbian couple who were kept apart as one died from an aneurysm while hospitalized in Miami , Florida . The rule would help hundreds of thousands of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender families , he said . Obama 's memo also requires the HHS regulations to guarantee hospitals honor all patients ' advance directives , which include stipulations such as who should make health care decisions if the patient is n't able to do so . The memo also directs the department to look into any other health care barriers that pose challenges to such families and make recommendations to the president on them within 180 days . He pointed out that North Carolina recently amended its Patients ' Bill of Rights to give each patient "  the right to designate visitors who shall receive the same visitation privileges as the patient 's immediate family members , regardless of whether the visitors are legally related to the patient . " Delaware , Nebraska and Minnesota have adopted similar laws , the memo said . For Langbehn , a call from Obama about the order was a humbling experience . For years , she pressed the Florida hospital for an apology , and never got one . On Thursday , she received an apology from the president for how her family was treated . The key part of the new rule would be that patients would have the right to pick their "  circle of intimacy , " Langbehn said , which means her partner "  did n't die in vain . " CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Devon Sayers and Samira Simone contributed to this report .	Rule sought to allow gays , lesbians to visit hospitalized partners Many hospitals have relatives-only policies ; rule would allow patients to decide Gay and lesbian Americans are "  uniquely affected " by those policies , Obama says
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Brad Blauser lives in war-torn Baghdad , where he does n't earn a paycheck and is thousands of miles from his family . But he has no intention of leaving anytime soon . Since 2005 , Brad Blauser 's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids program has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs . For the past four years , the Dallas , Texas , native has been providing hope to hundreds of disabled Iraqi children and their families through the distribution of pediatric wheelchairs . "  Disabled children -- they 're really the forgotten ones in this war , " said Blauser , 43 . "  They are often not seen in society . " Blauser arrived in Iraq as a civilian contractor in 2004 , but quit that job last year to devote himself full time to his program , without compensation . Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year "  There 's no paycheck . It 's not really safe here . But this is a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity , " he said . An estimated one in seven Iraqi children ages 2 to 14 lives with a disability , according to UNICEF . Illnesses such as Spina bifida , palsy and polio leave them unable to walk . Some parents carry their children every day . For these children and their families , limited access to health care has taken a toll . "  A number of families do n't know what 's wrong with their kid . There 's not a doctor available for help -LSB- and -RSB- there 's no pediatric wheelchair source in this country , " Blauser said . Blauser first learned about this situation in 2005 through Maj. David Brown , a battalion surgeon . His friend shared heartbreaking accounts of helpless children pulling themselves along the ground , or living motionless in back rooms , too big to be moved long distances very often . "  So I asked him , ` What do you need ? ' " Blauser recalled . "  And he surprised me by his answer : ' I need children 's wheelchairs . ' " Blauser began researching and campaigning for help from friends and family in the United States . In 30 days , 31 pediatric and small adult wheelchairs arrived in Mosul for distribution to children in need . Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids was born . "  The experience for me in the first distribution was awesome , " said Blauser . "  To see the smile come across their face and -LSB- to -RSB- look over at the mothers and fathers -- they 've definitely been changed . " That 's the case for 3-year-old Ali Khaled Ibrahim and his family . At 8 months old , Ali was struck by a mysterious fever that left him partially paralyzed . He can not speak and experiences increasingly frequent and violent convulsions . "  Ali 's handicap affected the family a lot , " said his father . His mother said she could n't carry out her daily chores and her "  psychological state worsened . " "  When I heard the news of the distribution of these advanced wheelchairs , I was very happy deep down , " she said . "  I thought maybe that will ease my work as a mother in the way I deal with my son . " Watch Ali and other children receive their wheelchairs from Blauser 's group " Today , Ali smiles at home as he sits in his new wheelchair . His siblings giggle and sprinkle his face with kisses . The toddler 's parents are thankful for the relief it has brought not only to Ali , but their entire family . The boy is among hundreds of disabled Iraqi children to benefit from Blauser 's generosity . Since 2005 , Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids has distributed nearly 650 pediatric wheelchairs . To obtain the specialized chairs , Blauser partnered with Reach Out and Care Wheels , a nonprofit pediatric wheelchair organization in Montana . The organization provides wheelchairs designed for rough terrains in developing nations , making the devices "  perfect for this environment , " said Blauser . Through sponsor donations , his group purchases the chairs from ROC Wheels for about $ 200 apiece , and USAID donates shipping . Members of the the U.S. and Iraqi armies , Iraqi police and border patrol work together to carry out the distributions . Blauser and his group help adjust the children into their wheelchairs , which fit their bodies as they grow . Watch Blauser demonstrate the specialized wheelchair " For Blauser , who provides part-time safety consulting in exchange for room and board , an initial plan to stay for one year has become a dream to get wheelchairs to every Iraqi child who wants one . And he 's determined to see it through . "  By providing what they need , I 'm hoping to start a movement to change the way people think about disabled children , " said Blauser . "  They are not a curse , they are a blessing and they deserve to have their needs met . " Want to get involved ? Check out Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids and see how to help .	Brad Blauser 's Wheelchairs for Iraqi Kids has distributed nearly 650 free wheelchairs Dallas native Blauser lives in Baghdad and works for free "  Disabled children -- they 're really the forgotten ones in this war , " he said Vote now for the CNN Hero of the Year at CNN.com / Heroes
CNN  -- The two surviving members of The Doors have put aside old tensions and are planning to reunite for a tribute concert in honor of the band 's late keyboardist , Ray Manzarek . Guitarist Robby Krieger says he and drummer John Densmore have been in contact since Manzarek 's sudden death last month , following a battle with bile duct cancer . The Doors ' Ray Manzarek dies at 74 "  We 're talking about it , " Krieger tells CNN , confirming tribute plans . "  Not sure when or where it will be , but we 'll definitely do it . " The Doors were formed in 1965 , after keyboardist Manzarek met a UCLA film student and poet named Jim Morrison on Southern California 's Venice Beach . The pair then joined forces with Krieger and Densmore , and The Doors went on to become one of the most controversial and successful rock acts of the '60s . The band sold more than 100 million albums worldwide , and gained fame for hits like "  L.A. Woman , " "  Hello , I Love You " and "  Light My Fire . " After Morrison 's death in 1971 , The Doors continued as a trio for two more years before disbanding . In 2002 , Manzarek and Krieger formed a new version of The Doors called "  The Doors of the 21st Century , " featuring Ian Astbury from The Cult on vocals . Densmore did not participate in this incarnation and , along with Morrison 's estate , sued the others to prevent them from using The Doors in the name of their band . In recent years , Manzarek and Krieger toured under the moniker Manzarek-Krieger , or Ray Manzarek and Robby Krieger of The Doors . Krieger says he was stunned by Manzarek 's passing . He recalls a devastating phone message from his longtime bandmate in early May , with Manzarek displaying his infamous dry wit even while delivering heartbreaking news about his health . "  I got a voice mail from Ray saying , ` This is Ray Manzarek , your keyboard player , and I 'm dying -- but maybe not ! ' And so I called him back , and he told me what was going on , and that was maybe two weeks before he passed , " Krieger recalls . "  He 'd gone over to Germany to try to get a cure at the clinic over there , and that was pretty much the last I talked to him . " Manzarek died on May 20 . In the meantime , Krieger has been keeping busy , prepping a tour with his side project , Robby Krieger 's Jam Kitchen . "  It 's kind of a jam band , some of the guys from Frank Zappa 's band , " Krieger explains . "  We do kind of jazz-rock , our own stuff , as well as a few Doors songs . " In the fall , three of Krieger 's guitars will be featured in a new coffee table book of photographs by Lisa S. Johnson called "  108 Rock Star Guitars . " It 's the first time he 's allowed his instruments to be photographed for a published collection . Even with new projects in the works , Krieger 's thoughts have n't strayed too far from his friend , Ray Manzarek . "  It 's not easy , you know . Ray was such a part of my life , and he passed away kind of suddenly . It throws you for a loop , but we 'll get past it . He had a great life , so what can you say ? "	Doors ' keyboardist Manzarek died at age 74 in May following a battle with bile duct cancer Guitarist Robby Krieger says he 's been in touch with drummer John Densmore since then Krieger : "  Not sure when or where it will be , but we 'll definitely do it " The fourth member of the original band , Jim Morrison , died in 1971
CNN  -- Attention cruise passengers : You now have more protection when things go awry . On Wednesday , Cruise Lines International Association announced the adoption of a new passenger bill of rights . "  The Cruise Industry Passenger Bill of Rights codifies many longstanding practices of CLIA members and goes beyond those to further inform cruise guests of the industry 's commitment to their comfort and care , " said Christine Duffy , president and CEO of CLIA , in a statement . The new policy comes on the heels of a series of high-profile setbacks for the industry . From mechanical failures to a deadly accident off the coast of Italy , incidents in the past year-and-a-half have battered the industry 's reputation for safety . Among passengers ' rights are an emergency power source in case of a main generator failure and a ship crew "  properly trained " in emergency procedures . Generator failure played a key role in the days-long stranding of the Carnival Triumph in February after an engine fire knocked out power . In the case of the January 2012 Costa Concordia disaster off the coast of Italy , which killed 32 , many passengers recounted a chaotic evacuation of the sinking ship . Another provision of the cruise industry rule mirrors the Department of Transportation 's tarmac delay rule for airline passengers in giving cruise passengers the right to disembark a docked ship if adequate food , water and restroom facilities are not available onboard . The organization 's new policy also provides the right to emergency medical attention , timely information related to itinerary changes and mechanical problems and full or partial refunds for voyages that are canceled or ended early due to mechanical failures . The bill also assumes responsibility for passenger transportation and lodging in cases when mechanical issues cut voyages short . The full bill of rights will be published on each cruise line 's website , in addition to a toll-free number for passengers to call with questions about shipboard operations . The bill of rights is effective immediately for passengers who purchase cruises in North America for any itinerary on CLIA 's more than two dozen North American member cruise lines , which include Carnival , Costa , Disney , Holland America , Royal Caribbean and others . The industry organization is also planning to request global recognition of the new policy from the International Maritime Organization .	Cruise industry group announces passenger bill of rights Includes right to an emergency power source and crew trained in emergency evacuation The new policy applies to North American cruise lines that are members of the industry group
Demonstrations in parts of Pakistan ostensibly about an anti-Islam film spiraled into chaos Friday , as mobs ransacked banks , cinemas and government offices and engaged in clashes with authorities that left at least 15 dead . The protests were not confined to Pakistan , as Muslims also hit the streets of Lebanon , Malaysia and Bangladesh . Nor was the target of their ire new : Muslim-led demonstrations have occurred daily since September 11 over an obscure , 14-minute trailer for a film that mocks the Prophet Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer . Many protesters have vented their anger at the United States , where the "  Innocence of Muslims " was privately produced , despite U.S. officials ' condemnation of the video and insistence it was not sanctioned by Washington . And fresh fury has been stoked in recent days by French satire magazine Charlie Hebdo 's decision to publish cartoons of a figure resembling Mohammed , prompting France to close diplomatic facilities in 20 countries Friday . Still , while many of the protests have been heated and at times violent , what transpired Friday in Pakistan was unique in its size and focus -- or lack thereof -- with local institutions targeted as well as international ones . Pakistani authorities effectively gave their blessing to protests -- even as others , including the Tunisian government , banned them on Friday fearing unrest -- "  by declaring a national holiday in protest of the film , " noted Prime Minister Raja Pervez Ashraf . And , indeed , tens of thousands answered the call . Most of them protested peacefully , with security forces out in large numbers as Interior Minister Rehman Malik warned Friday afternoon that "  strict action " would be taken against those who destroy property . Yet there were significant exceptions , with authorities reporting 78 injured in addition to 15 killed in Peshawar and Karachi alone . About 60,000 to 70,000 people turned out in the city of Mardan , a northwestern Pakistani city about 60 kilometers east of Peshawar , senior police official Khalif Nasim told CNN . After the crowd dispersed around 4 p.m. after Muslim prayers , an angry mob of about 700 teenagers broke into a church by storming past 15 police officers in the area , according to Nasim . After overcoming a security guard in the church , they vandalized and effectively destroyed the sanctuary , he added . Police responded with tear gas and by firing into the air , ultimately making "  several arrests and ... interrogating the hooligans , " said Nasim . No one was hurt . Many other buildings in the same neighborhood were attacked and , in some cases , set afire , police noted . Abdul Wali , another police official , said protesters also broke into and vandalized a nearby university and several government buildings . In Karachi -- where , a day earlier , video showed about 100 children repeating an adult voice in chants such as "  Death to America " and "  Any friend of America is a traitor " -- angry protesters burned three cinemas and two banks , as well as set fire to tires in the streets . They also smashed windows and threw rocks at police who 'd tried to keep them from government offices and shops , according to a senior police official . Protesters tried to reach the U.S. Consulate in Karachi , but police using tear gas and firing into the air turned them back , emergency spokesman Asif Farooqi said . Local television news channels showed protesters throwing rocks at a KFC restaurant in Karachi . KFC shuts down all its restaurants in Pakistan The violence in the coastal city claimed at least nine lives , including at least two police officers , and injured 28 others , according to Farooqi . Two cinemas were torched in Peshawar , where six people died and at least 50 people were injured -- including three police officers -- according to Mujahid Khan , a spokesman for the city 's emergency rescue service . Crowds of protesters also marched in Islamabad , and CNN affiliate Geo TV reported protests in Rawalpindi and Karachi . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton thanked the government of Pakistan for its efforts to protect U.S. facilities during the protests and deplored the loss of life . "  As I have said on numerous occasions , the violence we have seen can not be tolerated , " she said . Opinion : Protests as mindless as anti-Islam film On the streets of downtown Islamabad , Pakistani citizens had mixed views on what fueled the protests . Voicing her opinion to an open microphone set up by CNN on Thursday in the Asian nation 's capital , one woman said , "  They are angry about the movie . No one wants religion being insulted like that . " Yet others said the furor was rooted in more than just the video , with another woman noting "  many anti-religious movies have come out . " "  They 're agitated because of ... poverty and unemployment " and the deepening gap between rich and poor , she said . Opinion : #MuslimRage inspires comedic rage More protests and one counter-protest -- Hundreds of pro-democracy demonstrators marched in Benghazi on Friday night and overtook the headquarters of Ansar al-Sharia , a radical Islamist group tied to the attack . They also claimed to have freed at least 20 captives held in the building . They took to the streets 10 days after U.S. Ambassador Christopher Stevens and three other Americans were killed in an attack on the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi . -- Demonstrators turned out across Bangladesh on Friday to protest the film , according to the state-run BSS news agency . Video showed protesters in Dhaka carrying signs with slogans such as "  Kill us , but do n't insult our Prophet Mohammed " and burning a box draped in an American flag , labeled "  Cofin of Obama . " -- In Lebanon , supporters of Hezbollah , a militant Islamist group deemed a terrorist organization by the United States , marched Friday in a peaceful demonstration "  in support of the Prophet Mohammed , " Hezbollah TV channel al-Manar reported . Video showed a stream of people marching slowly down the streets with signs reading , "  Loyalty and the victory of the Prophet Mohammed . " -- Bernama , the Malaysian national news agency , reported that thousands protested peacefully Friday against the film and cartoons in Kuala Lumpur . The U.S. Embassy in Kuala Lumpur closed Friday morning before protests began . Khairy Jamaluddin , head of the youth wing of the Malaysian political party United Malays National Organization , said the United States and France should take immediate steps to punish those behind the film and cartoons , according to Bernama . -- In Indonesia , the U.S. Embassy in Jakarta , its consular offices in Surabaya and Bali and two other facilities were closed Friday due to expected demonstrations . -- Germany also closed its embassy in Sudan 's capital city of Khartoum on Friday in anticipation of protests over the cartoon published in Charlie Hebdo , state-run Ashorooq TV reported . Last week , protesters in Sudan 's capital city managed to get inside a compound that is shared by the German and British diplomatic missions , according to the foreign ministers of both nations .	Pro-democracy protesters take over Islamist group 's building in Benghazi , Libya Mob in Pakistan city storms banks , a university , government offices and a church , police say 15 die and at least 78 are injured around Pakistan , according to authorities Protests against an anti-Islam video occur elsewhere , some near Western diplomatic facilities
CNN  -- The transitional government of Guinea-Bissau said its forces killed six people amid an attack on the barracks of an elite military unit near the capital 's airport . The transitional authorities , which took power in the West African nation after military commanders overthrew the previous government in April , said they believed the attempt to seize control of the barracks on Saturday night was led by people loyal to the former prime minister Carlos Gomes Jr. . The government said the assault was a "  premeditated action aiming at destabilizing the legal order and whose main aim is to create a political situation where an international force in Guinea-Bissau could be justified . " Six attackers were killed in the fighting at the Para-Commando barracks , two were captured and an unspecified number remain at large , the government said . It added that one government soldier was wounded . Gomes Jr. and the former interim president Raimundo Pereira fled to Portugal after the generals ousted them in April on accusations they had agreed a "  secret deal " to let Angolan troops into the country to attack the military . The coup prompted international condemnation and calls for a return to civilian rule by the African Union , the United Nations and Western powers . Guinea-Bissau suspended from African Union The regional Economic Community of West African States brokered a deal to set up the current transitional government , which has until May to organize presidential and legislative elections . The regional body agreed to deploy about 600 peacekeeping troops in Guinea-Bissau to monitor the transition and replace the Angolan soldiers that were in the country . Angola had said its military personnel were there to help reform the Guinea-Bissau armed and security forces . Coups and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau since it won independence from Portugal in 1974 . To date , no democratically elected president of the country has served a full five-year term . Pereira became interim president after the January death of incumbent Malam Bacai Sanha after a long illness . Sanha had become president in September 2009 after the assassination of his predecessor , Joao Bernardo Vieira . Guinea-Bissau is a small coastal nation of about 1.6 million people sandwiched between Senegal and Guinea . TIME : Guinea-Bissau : How cocaine transformed a tiny nation	Two attackers are captured and others remain at large , authorities say The transitional government blames forces loyal to the former prime minister Military commanders ousted the previous government in April Coup and coup attempts have taken place repeatedly in Guinea-Bissau
Cairo , Egypt  CNN  -- Supporters of former Egyptian president , Hosni Mubarak , are now publishing a monthly Arab-language newspaper . It 's little more than a year on from the January 25 revolution that , after 30 years , deposed Mubarak amid jubilation and hopes for the future . Today , the economy is in trouble , protests continue against the ruling Supreme Council of the Armed Forces and Mubarak 's ongoing trial -- dubbed the "  Trial of the Century " in Egypt -- is causing controversy on all sides . Those opposed to Mubarak say they are not seeing justice , while the former president 's supporters -- who say they represent "  the silent majority " -- continue to lobby for Mubarak 's release and "  dignity . " Newspaper , the "  Sun of the Truth , " is their latest tool . Its publishers say it is dedicated to the "  reawakening of public consciousness . " The headline on the front page of the December issue reads : "  Charges against ` President ' Mubarak are baseless with no evidence . " Mubarak 's trial for corruption and the killing of more than 800 protesters began on August 3 , 2011 and is ongoing . Law graduate and journalist Magdi Fouda is Editor-in-Chief of the two-month-old paper . He says he has dedicated his time and money to the project to set the record straight on the revolution . Egypt one year on : How the revolution has changed our lives "  Most Egyptian media lost its neutrality , " he said . "  We are a different but true voice that reveals the truth about the January 25 ` crisis . ' "  It  has brought nothing but hundreds of kidnappings , more poverty , robberies , incredible loss in tourism and crimes we never imagined . " Economic concerns are high in many Egyptians ' minds : Damage to the tourism industry has been estimated at up to $ 1 billion and the country 's net international reserves have fallen by 50 % , according to Bloomberg . Richard Quest : Unrest impact on Egypt 's tourism Fouda says he leads a team of 25 contributing journalists and free copies of the paper are distributed major cities in Egypt outside metro stations , residential compounds , universities and malls . They are also distributed in Abaseya Square in an upper-class neighborhood of Cairo , the location of major protests supporting the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ruling Egypt since Mubarak 's ouster on February 11 . Fouda says the team printed 100,000 copies of the January edition . Fouda says the glossy 16-page newspaper was licensed in London , England and published in a small local printing press in the free zone in Cairo . The six partners funding the paper , he says , are professional engineers , doctors , and businessmen who have one conviction in mind -- to preserve Egypt and retrieve Mubarak 's dignity . "  The former president -- a veteran of four wars and commander of the Egyptian Air Force in the 1973 war with Israel -- can not be degraded in court like that , " said Fouda . "  His humiliation is an insult to all the Egyptians he went to war for . " Mubarak 's lawyer , Fareed El Deeb , advocates his client 's innocence and has capitalized on the former president 's honorable military career urging for him to be referred to a military court . Last week , El Deeb asserted that Mubarak was still technically president since he "  gave up " the presidency orally without signing a written document as entailed in the constitution . A media war erupted and dozens of Egyptian TV stations , classified by their political direction as pro or anti-revolution , analyzed the lawyer 's claims according to their political bias . In this confusing media and political landscape , many Egyptians have reverted to humor as a way of coping . Numerous jokes circulated on social networks and through text messages in response to El Deeb 's claim that Mubarak is still president . One joke reads : "  Mubarak Out of Office Message :  Auto Reply  I will be out of the office starting from 11/02/2011 until 25/01/2012 . For urgent issues contact Country Manager , my delegate Marshall Mohamed Hussein Tantawi . " Tantawi is the head of the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces , the ruler of Egypt since February 11 2011 . Many Egyptians see Egypt 's current rulers as an extension of Mubarak 's old regime . Economic shortcomings like the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces ' failure to ensure a minimum wage to the millions of Egyptians living under the poverty line have left many in the country angry . It 's a demand the opposition has had since Mubarak was in power . Opinion : What do Egypt 's generals want ? The majority of the population does not share the views in the "  Sun of the Truth , " according to Dr. Safwat Al Allam , Professor of Political Media at Cairo University . "  The people publishing this paper distribute it for free knowing that the majority of the population are against their views . "  But their tactical approach may win them some of the poor susceptible people caught in the falling economic blunder Egypt is living today . " Al Allam says the revolution in Egypt is an ongoing process that has not been completed . People are confused and polarized amid the anarchy following the removal of the deeply-rooted system that came with the Mubarak era , he adds . Allam suspects the owners of the paper have other hidden motives of self-interest that may not sit well with those activists that have risked their life for the sake of real change in Egypt . Sherif Ahmed , a hard-line protester who participated in the uprising that ousted Mubarak took a glance at the paper before lashing out at the ruling Supreme Council . "  If the Supreme Council of the Armed Forces is really the protector of this revolution and celebrating its anniversary on January 25 , proclaiming a national day , then why are they allowing this paper , " Ahmed asked . "  Would the Libyans or Tunisians after their heroic revolutions allow such a paper glorifying their toppled dictators such as the deceased Gaddafi or that fugitive Ben Ali ? "	Supporters of Mubarak publish a newspaper to lobby for his release and "  dignity " Editor of the newspaper says the revolution only brought damage to the country Professor Al Allam says the revolution removed Mubarak but left anarchy The polarized political and media landscape is a reflection of the anarchy , he adds
CNN  -- Charles Everett Brownlow Jr. 's mother is dead . So is his aunt . The same goes for two of his acquaintances , plus a convenience store worker in his hometown of Terrell , Texas , some 30 miles east of Dallas . Yet rather than preparing for their funerals , Brownlow is likely planning his defense -- from jail . All five of the deceased died violently , found over a busy and bloody six-hour stretch Monday night within miles of each other in Terrell . As of Tuesday afternoon , the 36-year-old Brownlow faced a single charge of murder , in the death of the Ali 's Market worker , the only victim it is believed the suspect did not know . But Terrell police Chief Jody Lay made clear that "  additional capital murder charges " are anticipated . "  This is a country community , a rural community , " Lay said Tuesday . "  People are really close . And this is going to have a really big impact on us . " The chaos began around 5 p.m. Monday with reports of a gunshot victim . Police arrived to find a dead woman -- later determined to be Belinda Walker , Terrell 's 55-year-old aunt -- with at least one bullet wound to the head . About a half hour later , a firefighter noticed that a nearby home was on fire , Lay explained . These flames were quickly extinguished , and authorities found another woman 's body . This was Charles Brownlow 's house , and the victim was Mary Brownlow , his 61-year-old mother . Investigators determined the two deaths -- like the victims -- appeared related and issued an alert to law enforcement to look for Charles Brownlow and the white 2002 Ford Focus he was believed to be driving , Lay explained . As law enforcement looked , more gunshots were reported elsewhere in Terrell , with no one injured and the shooter getting away in a white vehicle . A report of another shooting came in around 10:30 p.m. , where a man and vehicle matching the bulletin had been spotted . Police went in the home and found 33-year-old Jason Wooden and 30-year-old Kelleye Sluder -- both of whom lived there , both now shot dead . Lay said later that "  all indications are that  Brownlow  knew those victims , " adding only that "  they hung out occasionally . " It was a mere 10 minutes later when an off-duty police officer spotted the Ford Focus and , after closer examination , the suspect inside Ali 's Market . Later , 22-year-old worker Luis Gerardo Leal-Carillo was found slain there . A high-speed pursuit followed , ending in a dead-end . The suspect stopped his car , got out , then fled -- shielded by heavy brush and the dark night sky . Authorities stopped chasing him about 150 feet in , instead setting up a wide perimeter and calling in a state Department of Public Safety helicopter . That helicopter 's crew and officers on the ground ultimately located Brownlow hiding in a creek around 1:30 a.m. Tuesday and took him into custody "  without incident . " Only one weapon was involved in the crimes , said Lay , who did not describe it . Hours later , disbelief , disgust and sadness permeated Terrell . An emotional Ali Karimi , the owner of Ali 's Market , told CNN affiliate WFAA that he and the world had "  lost a good , honest , caring individual " in Leal-Carillo . "  I loved him as a person , " Karimi said of his slain employee . "  I loved him like a son . " And Terrence Walker , who identified himself as the suspect 's brother , told WFAA that he was at a "  total loss " to explain what happened -- including to their mother , Mary Brownlow , whom Walker described as "  so quiet and good . " "  I 'm devastated , " Walker told the station . " ... I 'm in a daze . " Charles Brownlow was in police custody Tuesday facing one count of evading arrest in a vehicle in addition to the murder charge . His listed address is the home that was burned down . It was not known who will represent him in court ; CNN 's call to the Kaufman County public defender 's office on Tuesday was not immediately returned . A public records search indicated Brownlow previously had been convicted on theft , burglary , weapons , assault of a family member and marijuana possession and other charges , though nothing close to this scale . So how do authorities explain this week 's bloodshed ? Lay said that authorities have "  several theories that we 're working , " though he would n't go further than that . And asked about Brownlow 's condition at the time of the arrest , the police chief said he did "  appear to be intoxicated on some sort of substance ,  but  at this point we do n't have a real good idea exactly what that is . " As horrific as the events were , Lay said that it might have even worse had the off-duty officer not spotted the suspect at the Terrell market . "  All I can say is , I think that had the police officer not intervened , " Lay said , "  I was very concerned that we would have additional situations that we would have to had to deal with that night . " CNN "  s Marlena Baldacci and Jason Hanna contributed to this report .	NEW : Police : The victims include the suspect 's mother , aunt and 2 acquaintances NEW : The suspect appeared "  intoxicated " on an unidentified substance , chief adds NEW : A relative of the suspect , 2 victims says he 's "  devastated " and at a "  total loss " Man , 36 , arrested after five people are found dead in Terrell , Texas , police say
All signs indicate Arizona Gov. Jan Brewer will likely veto politically-charged legislation that supporters say promotes religious freedom and opponents contend discriminates against gays and lesbians . Brewer did not signal her intention either way in an exclusive interview with CNN on Monday at the National Governors Association meeting in Washington . "  I can assure you , as always , I will do the right thing for the state of Arizona , " she said . But some Arizona Republicans who know her well say they are confident those comments mean Brewer will almost surely reject the bill that is generating nationwide controversy . The Republican-led measure would allow Arizona business owners to deny service to gay and lesbian customers as long as they assert their religious beliefs . Brewer is scheduled to return to Arizona on Tuesday , and a source tells CNN those familiar with her thinking say she will likely spend at least one full business day in the state before acting . "  I 'm going to go home , and when I receive the bill , I 'm going to read it and I 'm going to be briefed on it . We have been following it . And I will make my decision in the near future , " Brewer told CNN . She has until Saturday to sign or veto the bill . If she does nothing , it automatically becomes law . Arizona GOP sources say Brewer considers herself a pro-business governor -- someone who above all else wants to protect and promote Arizona 's economic interests . They say she knows full well there will be economic consequences for the state if it has a law on the books perceived to effectively codify discrimination . "  I have a history of deliberating and having an open dialogue on bills that are controversial , to listen to both sides of those issues , and I welcome the input , and information that they can provide to me . And certainly I am pro-business , and that is what 's turning our economy around , so I appreciate their input , as I appreciate the other side , " Brewer said . Business leaders in Arizona and around the country , including the chief executive of American Airlines , have urged Brewer publicly and privately to veto the bill . Approval also is likely to trigger lawsuits . The bill was pushed by the Center for Arizona Policy , a conservative group opposed to abortion and same-sex marriage . The group argues the proposal protects people against increasingly activist federal courts . Brewer vetoed a similar bill last year , arguing that the state legislature should focus on more pressing issues , such as a Medicaid expansion plan she was promoting . Sources say she is concerned about this bill taking away from other issues she is now pressing , such as overhauling Arizona 's child protective services system . Freedom or oppression ? That 's the question for Arizona 's SB1062	Bill would allow business owners to deny service to gay and lesbians based on religious objections Some lawmakers who know Gov. Jan Brewer believe she 'll reject the measure Businesses pressure her to reject the bill pushed by group opposed to abortion , same-sex marriage
CNN  -- New Wave rockers The Cars are on the road again , the first time in nearly 25 years . Their mission ? To bring their brand of quirky , syncopated pop music to a new generation . The new album "  Move Like This " hits shelves , or your favorite download site , Tuesday -- the same day the band begins an 11-city , coast-to-coast tour . So , how does the new model of The Cars sound ? "  I think it sounds like The Cars in 2011 , " keyboardist Greg Hawkes said of the band that formed in Boston in 1976 . "  It sounds like a modern album , yet it sounds like The Cars . " It 's hard to argue with Hawkes . The first two songs -- "  Blue Tip " and "  Sad Song " -- off the new album sound instantly familiar . The Cars always have been a bouncy combination of understated guitars , layered synthesizers , punchy rhythm section and songwriter Ric Ocasek 's often-cryptic lyrics dancing among them . The genesis of the project began nearly a year and a half ago . "  I think about January of last year , I got a call from Ric saying , ` What do you think about doing a Cars album ? ' I was surprised to say the least , " Hawkes said . As lead singer and primary songwriter , Ocasek was key to any Cars reunion . "  I think he sort of had a lot of songs that he had written and was sort of getting a backlog of material , " Hawkes said . "  I think he was just thinking that a lot of them just might work in the context of a new Cars album . " Ocasek stayed busy in the interim years , recording six solo projects and producing albums by a variety of artists , including Weezer , Guided by Voices and Bad Religion . The Cars were a radio staple in the late 1970s and early 1980s , with hits like "  Just What I Needed , " "  Drive , " and "  You Might Think . " The band 's eye-catching videos also were a hit in MTV 's formative years . The combination fueled more than 23 million in U.S. album sales , according to figures tallied by the Recording Industry Association of America . The recording sessions were the first for the band since bass player and vocalist Ben Orr died from cancer in 2000 , making The Cars a four-piece band . In addition to Hawkes and Ocasek , the other original members are Elliot Easton on guitar and drummer David Robinson . "  We missed him a lot , " Hawkes said . "  We were talking about him a lot during the time that we were recording . His presence was definitely missed . " In Orr 's absence , Hawkes took over bass duties in the studio . The Cars enlisted producer Garret "  Jacknife " Lee for the project , who like Ocasek had worked with Weezer , to get the band motoring again . "  To have an outside producer helped , " according to Hawkes . "  It was a good way to get us working with each other . " The result is 10 new Cars songs , half produced by Lee and the rest by the band . The trick with The Cars , Hawkes said , is for each member to add their own musical personality to the Ocasek-penned songs . "  I usually go in with a few sort of things that I want to do or try , " he said . "  The other inspiration sort of comes from spur of the moment kind of messing with sounds and seeing what fits with the track as it gets created . " But will any of their old fans be waiting after a quarter-century hiatus ? "  I guess there is that danger , " acknowledged Hawkes , who said he 's up for the challenge of trying "  to win over some new ones . " The Cars also are attempting their comeback in a music industry that has largely imploded since the band 's last album in 1987 . The companies that market music are mere skeletons of their former selves as the digital age has changed the dynamics . "  The Internet has made it so that a lot of bands are kind of making it on their own through their use of the Internet , without a traditional record company , " Hawkes said . The new album is being released through Hear Music , a joint venture between Concord Music Group and Starbucks . The java chain is also marketing music by Paul Simon , Bonnie Raitt and K.D. Lang . "  It 's kind of hard for me to know exactly where The Cars are going fit into that whole strange new world , " Hawkes added with a chuckle . "  Hopefully there are a lot of people who will be curious to hear what The Cars are up to these days . " CNNRadio 's Shelby Lin Erdman contributed to this report .	The Cars begin an 11-city , coast-to-coast tour Tuesday The new album is called "  Move Like This " Bass player and vocalist Ben Orr died from cancer in 2000 The band formed in Boston in 1976
CNN  -- Valentine 's Day is about spending quality time with that special someone who floats your boat . And what better way to show your love is deeper than the ocean than by treating your sweetheart to a romantic sea-themed excursion ? But if you thought watching sunsets over water was going to cut it , think again . From staying on the Beatles ' famous yellow submarine in Liverpool to pearl diving in the Persian Gulf , CNN takes a look at the top seven dates for adventurous aquatic-lovers . All you need is love on a yellow submarine The Beatles may have sung "  You ca n't buy me love , " but that does n't mean you ca n't buy a romantic getaway on the Fab Four 's yellow submarine . Inspired by the submarine that featured in the band 's 1968 animated film of the same name , the floating hotel is moored in the pop idols ' hometown of Liverpool . The converted narrowboat features a psychedelic lounge adorned with gold Beatles records and the original mod scooter from the 1979 British rock film "  Quadrophenia . " Film buffs will have extra reason to twist and shout -- the narrowboat also featured in the 1990 Sean Connery thriller "  The Hunt for Red October , " before its current reincarnation . Chocolate-making cruise From the time of the ancient Aztecs , chocolate has been sending us into raptures of aphrodisiac bliss . But the process of cooking sweet treats can be just as sensual as eating them -- particularly when you 're puttering down the Thames in a vintage 1960 's boat . Alan Whatley , former chef at London 's prestigious Savoy restaurant , shows guests the fine art of creating sumptuous chocolate desserts -- all while meandering through the south England countryside on a 12 meter wooden vessel . Setting sail from Henley-on-Thames , the picturesque three-hour journey offers views quite literally fit for a Queen -- Her Majesty 's official home , Windsor Castle , backs on to the river . "  It 's something a bit different from your standard chocolate in a box , " charter manager , Daisy O'Halloran said . "  You can learn a new skill but you 've also got the romance of the river . " Persian Gulf pearl diving For hundreds of years , the Persian Gulf has been a rich source of the world 's pearls , with divers plunging up to 40 meters below the water to get their hands on the "  jewels of the sea . " Now adventurous couples can also try their luck , with Bahrain 's Al Dar Island offering day trips on traditional wooden sailboats , called dhows . After an onboard history lesson and demonstration , guests use a weighted rope to navigate down to the shallow seabed in search of riches . Once back on deck , they can admire their haul over a lunch of freshly prepared middle eastern dishes . Lighthouse love-in "  Love has no age , no limit , no death , " said 1932 Nobel Prize winning English writer , John Galsworthy . If you want to show your love is forever , the thousand-year-long musical piece playing from London 's only lighthouse comes pretty close . Lovebirds can take in glittering views of the city from the lighthouse on the Thames , while listening to a unique composition of ancient Tibetan singing bells . The haunting music , played from loudspeakers , began in 1999 and aims to continue without repetition until 2999 . "  It 's incredibly romantic , " said administrator , Victoria Burns . "  You can daydream together whilst enjoying magnificent views of the City through diamond-leaded windows . " World 's most romantic islands Arctic hot tub adventure Scented candles , a hot tub and breathtaking views of the northern lights -- it 's not a honeymoon suite , but a unique floating hotel in the Arctic . Introducing Vulkana , a 1950s fishing trawler converted into a luxury spa moored in northern Norway . The 23 meter vessel offers safaris along the dramatic Arctic coastline and boasts a wood-fire sauna , saltwater hot tub and seven-meter diving board for the more adventurous . When not marveling at the snow-capped views from the comfort of a steaming spa , sweethearts can take part in winter activities , inclduing reindeer-sledding and skiing . "  There 's something spiritual about the boat itself , " co-owner Erlend Larsson said . "  It 's had a long life , and many different owners , and all of them have said how safe and calm everybody feels onboard . " Painting the Turkish Riviera Roman general Mark Antony was supposedly so taken with the stunning south coast of Turkey -- known as the "  Turkish Riveria " -- he gave it to Egyptian Queen Cleopatra as a wedding gift . Boasting dramatic cliffs perched over the sparkling Mediterranean Sea , it 's easy to see why . Hundreds of years later , creative couples can also capture the scenes that so besotted Anthony -- in an island-hopping painting course . Setting sail from the small fishing town of Kas in south west Turkey , the tour winds past sun drenched islands before arriving at the ancient sunken city of Kekova . There , artistic lovebirds can sketch the 2nd Century ruins from the comfort of their wooden sailboat . Tropical underwater photography It 's the enduring problem of holidayers : the photos never quite live up to the reality . And if you 're going to take your beloved on an expensive tropical getaway , you may as well capture it properly . Thailand island Koh Lanta , on the south west coast , offers vibrant coral reefs , thriving marine life and sparkling clear waters . And perhaps the best way to capture this spectacular underwater world is with a deep sea photography or video course . Divers are quipped with specialist underwater cameras and taught everything from spotting unusual aquatic animals to creating a dramatic composition . Anatomy of a romantic hotel room	This Valentine 's Day , ditch the chocolates and try a unique nautical excursion CNN brings you the top 7 dates for adventurous aquatic-lovers Includes chocolate-making cruises and pearl diving courses Beatles fans can stay on converted yellow submarine hotel
Caracas , Venezuela  CNN  -- Residents of the Venezuelan capital on Monday began to experience water rationing as part of a government preservation measure during a drought . The rolling cuts to water service will affect the capital of Caracas and some nearby areas for periods of up to 48 hours , the state-owned water utility Hidrocapital announced . The rationing will continue through the first quarter of 2010 , the government said . President Hugo Chavez has urged citizens to take extra steps to reduce water use , including a suggestion last week that taking a shower should take only three minutes . The government says that weather phenomena are behind the drought , while critics of Chavez say that years of lack of infrastructure investment and planning left the country flat-footed when it came to offsetting the drought . Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say . The level of the Camatagua Reservoir , which supplies Caracas with about half of its water , has been on a downward trend since 2007 , according to data from Hidrocapital . However , it 's not as low as during the early 2000s . Some water-rationing measures were taken at the time , too , according to Hidrocapital . In Miranda State , which sits adjacent the capital , the Lagartijo Reservoir is at the lowest level ever recorded . "  There will be programmed interruptions in service , with the goal of recuperating the levels of the principal reservoirs that flow to the city and that were affected by the scarce rains this year , " Hidrocapital President Alejandro Hitcher said at a news conference announcing the rationing . Even schools will have to deal with the water shortages , the government said . Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock . Critics , including the municipal agency that distributes Hidrocapital 's water to the city , say that poor infrastructure has made it difficult for water pressure to reach some of the poorest parts of the city , according to local reports . The government says that the El Nino phenomenon -- unusually warm waters in the equatorial Pacific that affects weather around the globe -- is behind the dry conditions . Venezuela 's National Institute of Meteorology and Hydrology also pointed a finger at something called quasi-biennial oscillation , which affects winds in the stratosphere . "  This other phenomenon , " the institute said in a statement , "  has a relationship with the rains , and is capable of modifying or changing the magnitude and impacts of the effects that El Nino has brought . " Journalist Maria Carolina Gonzalez contributed to this report for CNN .	Rolling cuts to water service will affect Caracas , nearby areas for up to 48 hours Drought conditions have reduced reservoir volume to critical levels , officials say Only hospitals will be equipped with water around the clock
CNN  -- Daniel Ricciardo is daring to dream -- just not too big yet . Halfway through a sensational first Formula One season with reigning constructors ' champion Red Bull , it is easy to see why the Australian is in reflective mood . Ricciardo returns to the track at next week 's Belgium Grand Prix with two race wins in his pocket after he followed up a career-first in Canada with victory last time out in Hungary . With eight races left to run , the 25-year-old finds himself in the unusual position of being the only driver apart from dueling Mercedes duo Nico Rosberg and Lewis Hamilton to take the checkered flag this season . "  I definitely do n't look too far ahead , " Ricciardo told CNN 's The Circuit at Red Bull Racing 's headquarters near Milton Keynes , England . "  I do n't get over-excited . I just try and focus on getting all the steps right and then believe that will turn into a good string of results . "  I 've just got to keep doing what I 'm doing and keep learning as I go along . " With the mighty Mercedes pair out in front of the field , Ricciardo knows he is unlikely to snatch the title from their grasp in the second half of the year . Blog : The steel of F1 's bubbly new star But after such an encouraging start , Ricciardo -- who is 71 points behind championship leader Rosberg -- does n't want to shackle his ambition . "  Since I entered F1 the second part of the season has always gone better for me , " he said . "  I seem to learn from the first six months and really put it towards better results in the second half of the year . "  We will see how it 's going and try to get a few more wins . " Red Bull 's newest recruit is also keen to retain the upper hand over his illustrious teammate Sebastian Vettel , having impressed since making the step up from Red Bull 's sister team Toro Rosso . Ricciardo has out-qualified the four-time world champion at six of the 11 grands prix so far this season , and a 9-2 lead in race position  including his Australian GP result before he was later disqualified for a fuel-flow irregularity  . "  I wo n't lie to you -- it feels great , " Ricciardo said of his performance compared with the German . "  He is an awesome benchmark to judge myself on . "  To have shown really good speed against him , not only in qualifying but in races as well , has been encouraging . I 'm enjoying that . " The F1 season resumes next week at the legendary Spa-Francorchamps circuit set amid the Ardennes forest in Belgium . The fast , flowing and undulating track is unlikely to play to the strengths of Red Bull 's car , which has lagged behind Mercedes in terms of straight-line speed . "  Spa is a fun track , " said Ricciardo . "  You feel like , in a way , you get a little bit lost out there . You feel like you 're driving in a forest . "  There are some very long straights , which will unfortunately give a bit of lap time away . "  We will see -- it is probably going to be one of those tracks where we 're there or thereabouts . " The same can be said of Ricciardo this season -- there or thereabouts , and then some . Gallery : Nine champagne moments from Spa	Daniel Ricciardo is enjoying a successful first season with Red Bull The Australian has registered two race wins , in Canada and Hungary Ricciardo is outshining his four-time world champion teammate Sebastian Vettel He has out-qualified Vettel at six of the 11 races so far this season
CNN  -- When Raffi Darrow brought in her two daughters , Wendy and Alice , for their annual back-to-school checkups this week , for the first time in her career as a mom , Darrow decided to be a rebel . Raffi Darrow decided not to get the HPV vaccine for daughters Wendy , left , 11 , and Alice , 12 . Even though every federal health authority says her girls , ages 11 and 12 , should get Gardasil , the vaccine that helps protect against cervical cancer and genital warts caused by the human papillomavirus , Darrow instructed the pediatrician not to give it to them . "  Up until now my children have had every vaccine doctors have recommended , " says Darrow , a graphic designer in St. Petersburg , Florida . "  But most friends , like me , fear the safety of something new . " Even though Gardasil is on the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's vaccine schedule for 11 - and 12-year-old girls , and is recommended by the American Academy of Pediatrics , many parents interviewed by CNN say they 're not getting it right now for their daughters out of concern for side effects . "  I 'm not saying I 'll never do it . I just do n't want to do it when they 're 11 or 12 , " says Darrow , who debated for a year about whether to get the shots for her daughters . Liz Schlegel , on the other hand , did n't hesitate to get Gardasil for her 15-year-old daughter . "  My older sister was diagnosed with  and beat !  cervical cancer two years ago , and her doctors traced it to HPV , " says the manager of a small design firm from Waterbury , Vermont . "  I would hate to think that normal sexual experimentation -- the kind that my sister and I and many of our friends and peers "  tried on " in college -- could result in a life-threatening illness 30 years later . " A survey of 1,122 physicians in Texas showed that about half do n't always recommend Gardasil to parents of 11 - and 12-year-old girls , even though the CDC recommends it . The survey was published earlier this month in Cancer Epidemiology Biomarkers & Prevention , a journal of the American Association for Cancer Research . In an unscientific QuickVote poll , respondents were split on whether they 'd get the vaccine for their daughters , with 43 percent saying absolutely they would , 40 percent saying no way , and the rest saying they were n't sure . As of Wednesday , more than 5,000 people participated in the informal survey . To cast your vote go to CNNhealth.com . Unlike most other vaccinations , Gardasil is not required for a child to attend school . As of 2007 , the latest year for which statistics are available , 25 percent of 13 - to 17-year-olds had received a dose of Gardasil , according to the CDC . Read what parents and pediatricians have to say about Gardasil " "  Although the numbers are low , we are optimistic this percentage will increase over time , " says Arleen Porcell-Pharr , a spokeswoman for the federal agency . "  We would like to see 100 percent adherence to the CDC schedule , -LSB- but -RSB- from previous experience , we know that it takes years for a new vaccine to gain acceptance into the market . " Darrow and other parents say they 're worried about neurological problems , blood clots and deaths that have been reported to the CDC after a woman or girl has been vaccinated with Gardasil . The vaccine is given in a series of three injections . Read a discussion on TwitterMoms about Gardasil According to the Vaccine Adverse Event Reporting System run by the CDC and the Food and Drug Administration , as of May 1 , there were 13,758 reports of adverse events occurring after women and girls received Gardasil , out of the more than 24 million doses that had been given to girls and women up until that time . On its Web site , the CDC notes that these events "  may or may not have been caused by the vaccine . " Most of the problems -- 93 percent -- were considered to be mild , such as headache , nausea and fever . But 7 percent involved a hospitalization , permanent disability , life-threatening illness or death . In the data , 39 deaths were reported after vaccination with Gardasil , with 26 confirmed by the agency , six under investigation , and seven unconfirmed . "  There was no unusual pattern or clustering to the deaths that would suggest that they were caused by the vaccine , " according to the CDC 's Web site . Gardasil , which prevents four types of human papillomavirus that cause 70 percent of all cervical cancers and more than 90 percent of genital warts , was heralded as a breakthrough when it was introduced more than three years ago by the pharmaceutical company Merck . Since the reports , Merck has added several adverse reactions to the labeling , stating that some people after receiving Gardasil have developed autoimmune diseases , musculoskeletal disorders , paralysis and seizures . "  It 's not possible to reliably estimate the frequency -LSB- of these adverse events -RSB- or to establish a causal relationship to vaccine exposure , " the label states . Dr. Rick Haupt , the pediatrician who leads Merck 's research on Gardasil , says the vaccine is safe and effective for 11 - and 12-year-old girls . "  We have good evidence that the vaccine is appropriate to use at this age , " he says . He added that many countries , including the United States , recommend the shot at age 11 or 12 in hopes of getting girls vaccinated before they become sexually active , because HPV is transmitted sexually . Also , he says it 's beneficial to vaccinate children this age because their "  immune response is very robust . " Doctors and Gardasil When her children were younger , Darrow 's pediatrician urged her to get all the vaccines on the CDC schedule . She noticed , however , that when she told the pediatrician she did n't want Gardasil for Wendy and Alice , the doctor did n't push her to reconsider . "  There was no argument , no trying to persuade me , no ` Here 's a pamphlet about Gardasil , ' nothing , " Darrow says . Several pediatricians interviewed by CNN said they do n't push the HPV vaccine if parents do n't want it . "  I consider this to be an optional vaccine , " says Dr. Arthur Lavin , associate clinical professor of pediatrics at Case Western Reserve University School of Medicine . "  I tell parents it 's fine with me if you wait , and it 's also fine with me if you want that extra added level of protection and we proceed today . " He said about 15 percent of his patients are getting Gardasil for their 11 - and 12-year-old girls . Parents researching on the Internet Before her daughters ' checkups this week , Darrow spent several hours doing research on the Internet in order to make her decision about Gardasil . She said what tipped the scales for her were statements made in the media by Dr. Diane Harper , an obstetrician and gynecologist at the University of Missouri who helped Merck do clinical trials on Gardasil , at one point serving on the company 's advisory board for the vaccine . Harper told CNN she has concerns about the safety of the HPV vaccine for pre-adolescents , noting that a small number of girls have died or suffered neurological damage after receiving the shot . "  Gardasil is not without risks . It 's not a freebie , " Harper says . Harper says she worries that not enough young girls were included in Merck 's clinical trials to warrant giving the shot to all young girls . Merck has given the vaccine to 1,121 girls between 9 and 15 years old in clinical trials without serious side effects , according to Haupt , the Merck pediatrician . He says the company will try to continue to follow these girls for 10 years . In addition to safety concerns , Harper said she wonders whether the vaccine will still be effective for an 11 - or 12-year-old after she 's become sexually active . Gardasil is "  100 percent " effective against HPV five years after vaccination , according to Haupt , and Merck is studying whether its efficacy lasts longer than that . Darrow says this is one reason she decided not to get the shots for Wendy and Alice . "  Even if the shot lasts for 10 years , it would run out just when they 're at their riskiest time , " she says . "  If I give it to my 11 year old right now , she 'd need a booster at age 21 . " She added that she has n't rejected the idea of getting Gardasil for her daughters , considering that it would give them some protection against cervical cancer . "  I 'm going to revisit this again when they 're 14 or 15 , " she said . CNN 's Sabriya Rice and Jennifer Pifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Many parents are debating whether to vaccinate their daughters against HPV Some are concerned about side effects , the vaccine 's long-term effectiveness Others parents think not vaccinating is a missed opportunity to protect the child The CDC has Gardasil listed on its vaccination schedule
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- One year , 365 days and an endless number of seconds , transformed my life 360 degrees , made it go from color to black-and-white , turned laughter into tears . I now no longer perceive the world as a 14-year-old innocent girl who takes everything for granted , more as a victim of a terrible experience that 'll never fade away , always reminding me of what others go through and a memory that will forever stay with me . Before the revolution , I remember how , on cold winter nights we would sit together as a family , around the crackling fire sipping hot chocolate . I remember the smoke from the fireplace , wafting upward , leaving a scent of burning wood in the air . I remember looking into my sister 's eyes and that glimmer they always had , the smiles my parents would share . I remember how I used to love breaking the silence of the moment by rushing into my father 's lap , tracing the narrow path of velvet veins on his hand , as I enthusiastically told him about my day at school , my second home and my friends , my second family . We do n't live those days anymore . Now no one 's eyes can lie , and the only sound I can hear is the screaming of sorrow . March 23 , 2011 was the first day I saw a demonstration in Syria . I was driving to a friend 's birthday party , through streets that were packed with people carrying flags and calling out chants in support of the regime . I was oblivious to my surroundings , I did n't know what was going on . I thought it was just a demonstration that would blow over . "  Barely any one is coming ! Their parents are too scared to send them because of what 's happening , " my friend cried when she saw me . I looked into her eyes and saw the tears slowly forming and streaming down her red cheeks , streaking her dark make-up . As weeks passed by it kept getting worse . One day I jumped out of bed to the sound of something loud shattering the windows of my room . Breathless , I got up too quickly , barely noticing the glass sparkling on my dull rug . I ran but came to a sudden halt as I felt my head spinning and my vision darkening . My mom was crying and hugging my sister tightly . "  A bomb hit an area nearby , " my mother stuttered , switching through the different news channels while trying to block us from seeing it . I managed to get a glimpse of it , on the TV , something I wish I had never seen . I remember my eyes feeling assaulted by the brightness on the screen , a sight that haunts me every night ; dead bodies , bits of human flesh , were spread out like dispersed glass . I closed my eyes and opened them again , hoping I would go back to the life I was used to , where unicorns and rainbows existed along with Prince Charmings and forever afters . Unfortunately now , the dark days , and the nightmares take place on a regular basis , devastating my country and reluctant as I am to let it in , taking over my life , and controlling my mind . From then on the world changed for me . Instead of learning it slowly through experience it was taught to me harshly through the sound of gunshots and bombardments . I discovered how cruel life can be , and how in one second a smile can turn into a tear , peace into war , a friend into an enemy and life into death . I lived in a blur , not knowing what had happened or what I was to do . I woke up every morning to the sound of gunshots , bombs or the roaring helicopters accompanied by the sad news of the death or kidnapping of someone we knew . Some evenings , I hid under my blankets , covered my ears , and thought of the past trying to feel safe again . I silently peeked out my window to continuously stare at the moon in its different forms casting a dim light , to stare at the sky and the stars emerge taking their place in the night . The image drawing me further and further from reality , into the life I yearned to go back to . My parents tried to stay strong teaching us to do the same , until one night it all fell apart . I was sitting in my room , the place I had n't left for a long time , talking to my friend about our memories , and suddenly , I hear a cry , whispers , the sound of my mother 's sobs , then her yelling . "  I 'm going out to find him ! " My family has its own business and my father was late coming back home , not answering his phone . "  But it 's too dangerous ! " my aunt screamed back at my mother . "  I do n't care ! " my mother shouted back . I ran down the spiraling staircase terrified , afraid of what was happening . Everything went black , like a starless night . I felt like the walls of the house were closing in , suffocating me . The background noise was blocked out and all I could do was stand and stare in dismay at my mom in this state for the first time . She lay on the stone courtyard just outside our front door , crying , holding her phone with a shivering hand dialing my dad 's number like her life depended on it . Everything stopped . It was like someone pressed the pause button in a movie , and now the seconds felt like hours . All I could hear was the pounding of my heart screaming over my mom 's voice . I do n't know how long we waited , or how fast my heart was beating , but when my dad 's car turned the corner , I gave everything I had left to run and hug him tighter than ever . At that moment my senses returned and I realized how cold the ground was under my bare feet . I carried my mom inside , and from that day on I learned that though she may be older , taller and more experienced , deep down she needs me just as much as I need her . Now , the one thing I looked forward to was waking up every morning and creeping into my parents ' bedroom to look at my dad 's thin and frail face making sure he had made it in safe the night before . In school , only half my class was left . "  At least we have each other , " said one of my five best friends with a comforting smile . However that did n't last for long . Devastating news kept coming at us , beginning with the death of my friend 's uncle . "  In one second I lost my uncle ; a part of me , " she whispered in a heartbreaking tone . I looked at her hopelessly , trying to comfort her , but I knew no words could bring him back . Every morning for one month , no words were spoken by anyone besides the ones of regret . "  If we knew this was coming , we would have done things so differently , " we would tell each other . We would n't have taken so much for granted , we would have appreciated what we had . Instead it was ripped away . Grades dropped , smiles faded , students left , and all that remained were the memories that we would safely lock away . As my dad protectively drove us to and from school , the only places we could go to , I noticed the row of soldiers on the streets . They reminded me of domino pieces . Their presence radiated darkness . Each one had a solemn appearance , frightening eyes that looked right through you below their crunched frown . However , what always caught my eye were their large guns , the color of the dark pine trees they leaned on . I went from looking at colorful flowers and singing birds every morning , to dark killer weapons . April 5 , 2012 was my last day of school . My parents decided to move us all to Lebanon . I had known it was coming all along . It was n't a surprise . Everyone was moving . I sank in my seat that day at school , buried my head into my hands and cried like I did every day . I remembered how when I heard the news about Egypt and the violence in Tahrir Square and thinking to myself that I was far from harm 's way . Now I was considering how hard it would be to move away from my home , my dad , my friends and family -- not knowing anyone or anything , possibly never being able to contact them because of the broken phone lines . My mind wandered back to 10 years ago when I first stepped foot into the school , only worrying about things like my friendship bracelets , and now I was expected to leave everything I ever knew behind . The people who knew me inside and out , who had carved a place in my heart . Memories flashed accompanied by more tears as my friends gathered around me and I opened my swollen eyes trying to picture the scene hoping it would last forever . I am angry and I feel hatred to the people that are ruining my country , anyone who is holding a gun and shooting no matter which side they 're on . Those who stole my childhood and that of so many others . My dream was to apply to universities with my friends as well as cry tears of joy when we threw our graduation hats in the air . Now that was crushed to pieces . One part of me , knows that this is n't good bye , and that no matter where this crazy world takes us when the time is right we will return . Another part of me is scared that more people will die , even if they are not close to me . Everyone has a family , friends and they suffering . I am scared that I will lose the hope that I now have about being able to return , and being left with nothing but memories .	Cayanne wrote about the war is Aleppo , Syria , that forced her family to flee "  I discovered how cruel life can be , and how in one second a smile can turn into a tear , peace into war " "  I went from looking at colorful flowers and singing birds every morning , to dark killer weapons " She says hate and fear have replaced her childhood dreams , but she still has some hope
CNN  -- For all of our talk of Americans being straight shooters who do n't like to mince words and have the freedom of speech to say exactly what 's on our minds , we sure punk out when it comes to elected officials speaking the truth . Case in point : President Barack Obama describing American corporations as being "  lazy " in competing globally . Now , if you hear that word by itself , you would think , "  Man , that 's horrible our president said such a thing . " But here is EXACTLY what he said during a conversation with Boeing 's CEO as they discussed American businesses selling more products overseas , and attracting foreign investment to the U.S. : "  You know , we 've been a little bit lazy , I think , over the last couple of decades . We 've kind of taken for granted , well , people will want to come here , and we are n't out there hungry selling America , and trying to attract new businesses into America . " That 's it . Was he talking about workers turning out cars in Detroit ? Nope . Was President Obama dissing manufacturing workers in North Carolina ? Not at all . He was talking about Americans being far more aggressive in trying to sell our wares abroad . That 's it . Simple . Easy . And on point . Then all of a sudden , Texas Gov. Rick Perry used the word in an ad , not even bothering with the context . Fox anchor Martha MacCallum said Obama was "  scolding " Americans . Sean Hannity , never one to let facts get in the way of a good lie , said Obama "  attacked " Americans . And the king of taking anything out of context , Rush Limbaugh , said the president "  insults the people who make this country work . " Seriously , please pass the cup so these folks can take a drug test because they are hallucinating . This is the problem with the stubborn belief in American exceptionalism : It assumes that no matter what the issue , Americans are the best in the world and ca n't be topped or beaten . There is another word for this : arrogance . Yes , it 's true . Americans can be absolutely arrogant when it comes to competing with the rest of the world . A few months ago I read a story where American college students were dismayed that they had to apply for jobs overseas . Well , if that 's where multinational corporations are hiring , then we might have to learn to get a passport , hop on the plane , and learn how to Skype in order to talk to family members . Are we so arrogant to think the rest of the world is desperate to come here and we may not have to go to other countries ? We ca n't continue to act like our stuff does n't stink . There are many areas where Americans are lazy , and in the words of President George W. Bush , we must end "  the soft bigotry of low expectations . " Maybe this comes from our view of sports . It used to be on the national sporting stage , the attitude of America in gymnastics , boxing , track and field , basketball and numerous other sports was that we could just wake up , walk into a stadium with the American flag on our chest , and everyone else would faint , allowing us to win . Well , that ai n't gon na cut it . And when we lose , Americans totally freak out , wondering how we got beat . Easy . H-A-R-D W-O-R-K . We need a dose of reality at times to remind us that to to be the best , we must have the right work ethic . According to the Broad Education Foundation : -- 68 % of American eighth graders ca n't read at grade level and wo n't catch up -- American students rank 21st in science compared to students in 30 industrialized countries -- America 's top math students rank 25th out of 30 countries In 2000 , the last time The World Health Organization ranked the top health systems in the world , the U.S. was 37th , behind France  first  ; Oman  eighth  ; and Chile  33rd  . Maybe part of the problem is the American culture rewards weakness . If America wants to be the absolute best , we must stop telling our children that they are so exceptional when they are not . If your kid ca n't shoot , pass , dribble or rebound , guess what ? They are terrible at basketball and should find a new sport . If it 's just about the enjoyment , fine . But if it 's about winning , they ca n't cut it . I was talking to a CNN colleague whose mother is a teacher and she said that her mom ca n't grade papers in red ink anymore because that is considered too aggressive . Really ? Has America become so weak that we ca n't even handle a school paper graded in red ? I 'm sick of us giving awards at schools just because we do n't want a kid to feel bad . Guess what ? Suck it up . First , second and third is fine with me . You finished eighth ? Tough . No ribbon for you . No apologies . Notre Dame 's Brian Kelly and Nebraska 's Bo Pelini had to apologize because folks complained about them yelling and shouting at their players on the sidelines . Thank God Vince Lombardi and Knute Rockne are dead . We would run them out of town ! In Walter Isaacson 's excellent book , "  Steve Jobs , " the co-founder of Apple is blasted by some for his treatment of workers and competitors . Was some of Jobs ' stuff over the top ? Sure . But what was he trying to do ? He was trying to create a world-class company that could withstand the test of time and was n't filled with a bunch of B players . He wanted excellence in every spot , and would rather fire a B or C player on the spot than accept shoddy work . Hey , I 'm down with the philosophy of Jobs . Those are the kind of companies I 've worked for in the past , and I was taught that if you want to win at something , you better be the best . Heck , even Jobs was n't above criticizing President Obama , saying that one of the reasons he was on his way to a one-term presidency was because , "  He 's having trouble leading because he 's reluctant to offend people or piss them off . " "  Yes , that 's not a problem I ever had , " Isaacson quotes Jobs as saying . Now that 's some real talk . I 'll guarantee you this : Weak and lazy corporate bosses allow weak and lazy employees to stick around . And weak and lazy employees tend to turn out a weak and sorry product that nobody wants . And weak and lazy people accept mediocrity with ease . America , it 's time to suck it up . If we love the harsh and in-your-face American Idol/X Factor judging of Simon Cowell , then we should accept it in the real world . This nation needs a swift kick in the butt , and there is nothing wrong when President Obama says it . If House Speaker John Boehner said the same , I would be hollering , "  Amen ! " If America wants to maintain it 's position as a great nation , then we are going to have to roll up our sleeves and out-think , out-learn , out-hustle and out-work everyone . So Gov. Perry , instead of spending time taking President Obama out of context in an ad , you need to work harder in debates . Herman Cain , you do n't like the president using the word lazy ? Then bone up on foreign affairs . Republicans and Democrats unhappy with President Obama challenging our corporate leaders , stop kicking the can down the road on the tough budget stuff and make a principled , not partisan , call . We have been better and can be better . So let 's do better . Today . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roland Martin .	Martin : Critics taking Obama 's "  lazy " comment out of context In many areas , Americans are in fact lazy , says Martin 68 % of U.S. 8th graders ca n't read at grade level , he says Some Americans coddle their children in school and sports , he says
KATHMANDU , Nepal  CNN  -- Bhutanese refugees began arriving in the United States on Tuesday , the first wave of what the United Nations describes as one of the world 's largest resettlement efforts . The U.S. has offered to resettle 60,000 of the estimated 107,000 Bhutanese refugees of Nepalese origin now living in seven U.N. camps in southeastern Nepal -- their home for the past 17 years . Six other nations -- Australia , Canada , Norway , Netherlands , New Zealand and Denmark -- have offered to resettle 10,000 each . "  Once they arrive , they will be sent to different cities around the U.S. , " said David Derthick , a spokesman for the International Organization for Migration , which is screening and transporting the refugees . The first group , arriving throughout the week , includes 121 refugees . They are being sent to New York ; Chicago , Illinois ; Syracuse , New York ; St. Louis , Missouri ; and other cities , the International Organization for Migration said . The United Nations said several families had arrived in New York as of Tuesday , and more are en route to locations in Texas , Arizona and Maryland . So far , however , only about 25,000 of the refugees have registered for resettlement , according to the U.N. High Commissioner for Refugees Web site , and not many more than 10,000 are expected to leave Nepal by the end of the year . Bhutan , wedged between China and India , is a Buddhist kingdom about half the size of the U.S. state of Indiana . It 's considered one of the world 's most isolated countries and the government strictly regulates foreign influences , including tourism , to preserve the country 's Buddhist culture . See Bhutan on a map " The country had no electricity , paved roads , cars , telephones or postal service until the 1960s . It allowed access to television and the Internet only in 1999 . Bhutan stripped the minority ethnic Nepalis of their citizenship and forced them into exile in the early 1990s , allegedly in an attempt to ensure a homogenous culture , according to the independent , nongovernmental group Human Rights Watch . Many of the Nepalis have taken up arms and joined with violent Maoist rebels , the group said . The refugees claim they were forced to leave Bhutan by security forces , but Bhutan has disputed whether all are truly refugees . Some 15 rounds of talks between Nepal and Bhutan have failed to resolve the issue . The United States ' resettlement plan has divided the refugee community , as members disagree over whether it is best to resettle in the United States or hang onto hopes of returning to Bhutan . A report posted on the UNHCR Web site quotes refugees who have chosen to go to the United States . "  We chose to resettle because there was no other outlet , " said refugee Jay Narayan Adhikari . "  Talks between Nepal and Bhutan have produced no results . " "  Everyone says ` America , America , America , ' but I do n't know much about it , " said his wife , Sita , according to the U.N. report . "  It 's only for the sake of the children that we are ready to go . " Nearby , the Bajgai family was separating because of its large size . Three children were leaving first , to be joined by the others later , the report said . Two of the daughters were crying as they packed their bags , but their mother told them : "  Why are you crying ? We have nothing here anyway . We will join you soon . Our future will be brighter there . " Of the 25,000 who have registered for resettlement , more than 12,000 names have been submitted for consideration for host countries , mainly the United States , the UNHCR said . More refugees are expected to register after they hear how those in the first group have been integrated into new homes , it said . Bhutan became the world 's newest democracy on Monday when an election ended more than 100 years of royal rule in the South Asian nation . Watch Bhutanese line up to vote " Officials in Bhutan declared the first elections in the Himalayan kingdom a resounding success . Officials said 79.4 percent of the country 's 318,465 registered voters went to the polls -- a surprisingly large turnout for a populace that had largely said they preferred to remain under the rule of their revered king . But many Bhutanese changed their minds after former King Jigme Singye Wangchuck went around the country pitching his case for the elections . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Manesh Shrestha contributed to this report .	First group , 121 refugees , arrives to resettle in New York , Chicago , other cities U.S. has agreed to take 60,000 refugees ; six other nations taking 10,000 each Refugees are ethnic Nepalis who were forced into exile , human rights group says Some refugees do n't want to come to U.S. , still hoping to return to Bhutan
CNN  -- Just before she becomes a new mother , the Duchess of Cambridge is set to become a godmother -- to a cruise ship . Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , will name Princess Cruise Lines ' new ship , the Royal Princess , in a naming ceremony in Southampton on June 13 , according to the cruise line . "  It is a great honor for Princess Cruises that Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge has accepted our invitation to become the Godmother to Royal Princess , " said Alan Buckelew , the line 's president and CEO , in a statement . "  We are delighted that the Duchess will launch our new ship and can think of no better way to celebrate our company 's British heritage and our commitment to the country . " The traditional ship-naming will include a blessing and a performance by the Royal Marines Band and the pipers of the Irish Guards . The naming ceremony will cap off a week of events showcasing the new 3,600 passenger ship , which is scheduled to set sail on her maiden voyage on June 16 . The new ship features balconies on all outside state rooms , a glass-bottomed walkway that extends over the water 28 feet beyond the edge of the ship and a private dining experience called Chef 's Table Lumiere that envelops diners in a curtain of light . The duchess joins other Princess Cruises godmothers in naming a ship , including her husband 's late mother , Diana , Princess of Wales , actresses Audrey Hepburn and Sophia Loren and late British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . The duchess and Prince William , Duke of Cambridge , are expecting their first child in July .	Catherine , Duchess of Cambridge , to name Royal Princess The naming is set for June 13 in Southampton , England The Duchess is expected to deliver her first child in July
CNN  -- Airlines canceled thousands of flights for a second day and began to regroup as a historic winter storm pushed through the upper Midwest and into the Northeast on Wednesday . O'Hare International Airport was expected to have limited or no flight operations as up to two feet of snow was forecast to fall on the Windy City , said Karen Pride , a spokeswoman for the Chicago Department of Aviation . More than 1,300 flights were canceled on Tuesday . At Chicago 's Midway Airport , airlines canceled flight operations on Tuesday . The carriers expect to begin operating again on Wednesday afternoon , although most were n't likely to resume before evening , Pride said . Both Chicago airports remained open despite the grounding of flights . Hundreds of cots were made available to passengers stranded by the storm , according to Pride . Some concessions were to remain open to accommodate them . Airlines canceled more than 4,000 flights on Tuesday as the massive storm surged out of the southern Plains , spreading snow and ice from Texas into the Ohio Valley . "  It 's going to take days to clear out this storm , " said CNN meteorologist Jacqui Jeras . "  This is a monster . " It was also slow going at other airports . Dallas-Fort Worth International reopened late Tuesday morning after shutting down for several hours because of ice , spokesman David Magana said . American Airlines canceled about 1,900 flights for Tuesday , 800 of those at Dallas-Forth Worth alone . The carrier is also scrubbing more than 1,000 flights for Wednesday . American Airlines is allowing travelers who are scheduled to fly on Monday through Thursday from more than 30 airports in the Midwest -- including those in Chicago , Detroit and Milwaukee , Wisconsin -- to change their plans without penalty . Southwest Airlines canceled more than 900 flights on Tuesday , according to spokeswoman Marilee McInnis , who said hundreds of flights will likely be grounded for Wednesday . Passengers with reservations for travel through Chicago , St. Louis , Detroit and other cities are eligible to reschedule their flights . AirTran Airways scrubbed 185 flights for Tuesday and has canceled another 75 flights on Wednesday , spokesman Christopher White said . AirTran passengers traveling through two dozen cities in the region -- including Chicago , St. Louis and Boston -- can change their reservation without penalty . Delta Air Lines canceled 625 flights for Tuesday and was grounding at least 800 more for Wednesday . Ahead of the storm , Delta issued a winter weather advisory for the northern United States . Passengers traveling to airports in 20 states through Friday can reschedule their itineraries without a fee or get a refund if their flights are canceled or significantly delayed . Continental Airlines , which canceled 650 flights , will allow changes for travel to , through and from nearly three dozen airports , including the airline 's hubs in Newark in New Jersey and Cleveland for travelers scheduled to fly through Thursday . Continental said operations at Newark airport would be suspended through noon Wednesday . US Airways has also relaxed its change-fee policies for passengers scheduled to fly through Thursday to or from 27 cities from Portland , Maine , to Akron , Ohio . Travelers on JetBlue flights to and from six cities and metropolitan areas in the Northeast on Tuesday and Wednesday will also be able to change their plans with no fees . United Airlines , which canceled 800 flights , has issued travel waivers for passengers traveling to , from or through 19 states in the Midwest and Northeast as well as five Canadian cities . Travelers will be able to alter their plans without fees or get a full refund if their flight is canceled .	Airlines cancel thousands of flights for Wednesday Air traffic comes to a halt in some places More than a thousand flights canceled at Chicago 's O'Hare International
CNN  -- Call it odd , but I 'm a self-appointed airport sleuth . I apply this title to travelers who weave their way in and out of airport terminals , bypassing lines , crowds and stress , and ultimately finding devilish gratification in knowing what others do n't . As a longtime resident of Atlanta , I 've passed through the world 's busiest airport hundreds of times and have a few handy tricks that make life a bit easier , faster and more comfortable . It 's not very sleuth-like of me to share my secrets , but my hope is you 'll share yours , and together , we can expand our sleuth-like ways ... 1 . If you 're dropping off or picking up someone from the north or south side , use the downstairs entrance instead of the upstairs . There are check-in kiosks and baggage services below  south side only  and barely any lines or even cops to tell you to keep moving . It 's guaranteed to save you time . Plus , you avoid the crowds and chaos above as you slip past the masses with ease . 2 . There 's a lesser-known security checkpoint with six lanes by the American check-in counter on the north side . Also , on the south side past Delta ticketing and the Brooks Brothers store , you 'll see Delta 's own set of four security lanes . If the main security is super busy , try either of these as a possible faster option , no matter which airline you 're flying . Road warriors ' best tips for smooth travel 3 . If you 're lucky enough to be departing from the T Gate , enter through the side security lanes ,  either north or south  and then walk to the T Gate . This is actually faster than going through the main security and taking the tram . I love the T Gate ! 4 . When heading to baggage claim after your flight arrives  from A , B , C , D or E terminals  , be sure to board the very first car of the tram . This will let you out in front of the hordes of people now behind you and up the escalator to baggage claim first . Freedom ! It 's one of my favorite secrets , so shhh ... 5 . Wi-Fi is n't free at the airport , unless you 're at the E Terminal food court . Hojeij Branded Foods provides the free service that can help time slip on by . So if you have a long layover , take the tram to E Terminal , and maybe you 'll have the added benefit of meeting a cute international man  or woman  of mystery . What airport sleuth would n't love that ? 6 . Exhausted from traveling , and have a long layover ? Go to Minute Suites at B Terminal . Here , full-service secluded napping stations are offered for $ 30 an hour . Minute Suites was the first of its kind in the country .  Philadelphia International Airport is now the second .  Besides a daybed and blankets , each suite offers a high-definition television and workstation with a phone , desk , office chair and Internet . As soon as you find out your flight is delayed , be the sleuth that you are and leave your irked co-passengers behind in exchange for some quiet time with your feet up , door shut , blanket tucked and the TV tuned to "  Million Dollar Decorators . "  Oh , how I love that show . This is n't the airline I signed up for 7 . Flying can be uncomfortable enough , so I believe in making airport time a bit indulgent . Concourse A  across from the food court  and C  opposite Gate C37  have an XPresSpa . Prices are $ 20 for a manicure or $ 25 for a 10-minute massage . Or grab an old-fashioned shoeshine offered at gates A20 and B17 . A bit of glam goes a long way for the airport sleuth . 8 . Sign up for Trak-a-Flight , the free service offered by Atlanta Airport that provides updated flight information to e-mail accounts , PDAs or mobile devices . This service provides instant access to any changes made to your flight . Knowledge is key if you want to take this title seriously . 9 . Want to forgo fast food for a fine dining experience ? Then head to the E Concourse and grab a seat at "  One Flew South . " A couple of entree highlights are Thyme Roasted Pork Belly and Fennel and Coriander crusted Lamb Tenderloin . The restaurant also has an excellent sushi menu . For dessert , I suggest the sublime red wine and ginger-poached plums that make you forget you 're at an airport . Or if you 're just in need of a scrumptious cocktail , saddle up to the bar for the "  Portrait of a Bartender , " made with Finian 's Irish Whiskey , St. Germain Elderflower and organic bitters . That delicious Elderflower makes me sigh with happiness every time . MatadorNetwork : Tips for speaking English abroad Have some secret tips to share in navigating ATL or your own hometown airport ? I want in on them ! Please share your comments and suggestions below . And shhh ... let 's keep this between us !	A self-proclaimed airport sleuth shares tricks to make traveling easier , faster and comfortable Hartsfield International 's E Terminal food court is the only area with free Wi-Fi Minute Suites at B Terminal offers secluded napping stations for $ 30 an hour
CNN  -- A hot air balloon burst into flames and crashed Friday night in Virginia after apparently hitting a power line , prompting a search for the wreckage and the three people believed to have been on board , authorities said . The incident happened over Doswell , 25 miles north of Richmond , around 7:30 p.m. , Federal Aviation Administration spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said . Preliminary information indicates the balloon apparently struck a power line and then caught fire , according to Bergen . Witnesses reported the balloon ablaze and crashing somewhere northeast of Meadow Event Park , according to Virginia State Police spokeswoman Corinne Geller . Images from the scene show one balloon well above the ground , with its basket in flames . About two hours later , authorities still did n't know exactly where the balloon ended up . Nor did they know the condition of the one pilot and two passengers thought to be on board , according to Geller . "  We 've been actively searching , " the state police spokeswoman said . "  At this point , we have found no wreckage . " There was no rain at the time , Geller said , though severe storms rolling through could complicate the search . The incident came one day before the scheduled start of the inaugural Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival , which is set to run through the weekend . On its website , the event 's organizers invite people to "  get up close and personal with 20 hot air balloon teams from across the country . " The event has been canceled in light of Friday 's incident , according to a post on the festival 's Facebook page . CNN 's Chandler Friedman and Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	NEW : The balloon apparently hit a power line , an FAA spokeswoman says NEW : The Mid-Atlantic Balloon Festival is called off due to the incident Images show the balloon well above the ground with its basket on fire Authorities have n't yet found the balloon or the 3 thought to be on board
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A new national poll suggests a majority of Americans oppose legalizing same-sex marriages , but the survey indicates a vast generational divide on the issue . The recent poll shows that those who have a gay friend or relative are more likely to support gay marriage . Fifty-four percent of people questioned in a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll released Monday say marriages between gay or lesbian couples should not be recognized as valid , with 44 percent suggesting they should be considered legal . But among those 18 to 34 years old , 58 percent said same-sex marriages should be legal . That number drops to 42 percent among respondents aged 35 to 49 , and to 41 percent for those aged 50 to 64 . Only 24 percent of Americans 65 and older support recognizing same-sex marriages , according to the poll . While a majority of those polled oppose legalizing gay marriage , six of ten said states that do not recognize gay marriages should allow civil unions . When it comes to supporting civil unions , the poll indicates a similar generational shift . Three states -- Massachusetts , Connecticut and Iowa -- currently allow same-sex marriages . A law passed by Vermont legislators that makes gay and lesbian marriages legal takes affect in September . New Hampshire lawmakers are close to passing a similar bill . "  It 's not surprising that three Northeastern states are the first to take this step , " says CNN Polling Director Keating Holland , referring to Massachusetts , Connecticut and Vermont . "  A majority of people who live in the Northeast say they approve of same-sex marriage . Solid majorities in the South , Midwest and West all oppose gay marriage . " Forty-nine percent of those questioned say they have a family member or close friend who is gay . That 's up eight points from 1998 and 17 points from 1992 . Fifty-eight percent of those aged 18 to 34 say they have a family member or close friend who 's gay . That drops to just one in three of people 65 or older . "  People who say they have a gay friend or relative support same-sex marriage , " Holland notes . "  Most of those who say they do n't know anyone who is gay , oppose gay marriage . " The poll 's release comes just three days after Supreme Court Justice David Souter announced he would step down from the high court after this year 's session ends in late June . Any Supreme Court nomination battle between conservatives and progressives will most likely include hot-button social issues , like gay marriage . "  Republicans do n't have the votes to defeat President Obama 's choice for the Supreme Court . They have to get some Democrats to join them , possibly on a hot-button social issue , " says Bill Schneider , CNN senior political analyst . The poll indicates that close to 40 percent of Democrats oppose legalizing gay marriage . But Schneider says there 's a risk for conservatives if they make same-sex marriage an issue in the fight over a Supreme Court nomination . "  Young voters strongly favor marriage equality . They 're the future of American politics , " says Schneider . The CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted April 23-26 , with 2,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone . The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus three percentage points	Fifty-eight percent of 18 to 34 years olds said same-sex marriages should be legal Number drops to 42 percent among respondents 35 to 49 years old A majority of people in the Northeast say they approve of same-sex marriage Poll : Majority of those who do n't know anyone gay also oppose same-sex marriage
CNN  -- Rory McIlroy has had a 2013 to forget but chose a lucrative exhibition match with World No. 1 Tiger Woods in China to give promise of a return to his stellar best at season 's end . The pair fought it out Monday in the "  Match at Mission Hills " on Hainan Island and it was Northern Ireland 's McIlroy who edged it by one shot after 18 holes . The 24-year-old carded a six-under 67 against 68 for Woods - repeating his win of 2012 in the corresponding event . "  I would like to play all my tournaments in China where I can beat Tiger , " McIlroy joked after his narrow win . "  It 's been great to come back to this wonderful golf course where I still have such great memories from playing here two years ago in the World Cup , " he told AFP . McIllroy won the World Cup in 2011 with Graeme McDowell at the same venue and will be hoping his improved form can be carried over to next week 's WGC-HSBC Champions in Shanghai . He needs a solid finish to get into the top 60 and qualify for the European Tour 's Race to Dubai , an event McIlroy won last year to round off a superlative season . He is currently languishing in 62nd place in the rankings , a far cry from his triumphs of 2012 as he rose to No. 1 . "  I still have four tournaments left to the end of the season and still would love to finish 2013 strongly and get some momentum into next season , " he said . "  I 'm hitting the ball well and from tee-to-green the game is very solid and if I can get the putter working , I maybe can contend and get a win or two . " By contrast , Woods has won five PGA Tour events this year , but has missed out on adding to his major tally of 14 . He battled a virus and a long trip from the United States to push Mcllroy close , the issue decided when he bogeyed the 17th to fall a shot behind . Both men birdied the last , but it was McIlroy who took the honors , building on his strong second place finish in the Korea Open eight days ago . Organizers have not revealed the fees both men received , but reports said they had shared $ 3 million to play in the exhibition . Woods is skipping the HSBC-Champions to play in a tournament in Turkey . In other golf action Monday , Ryan Moore beat Gary Woodland in a playoff to win the CIMB Classic in Malaysia , an event sanctioned by the PGA Tour . The American pair were tied on 14-under par after four rounds at the Kuala Lumpur Golf and Country Club , but had to come back the next day after the light ran out . Moore birdied the first extra hole to claim the $ 1.26 million top prize and a two-year PGA Tour exemption . The tournament , which was blighted by storms and rain delays , attracted a strong field , which included major winners Phil Mickelson , Keegan Bradley and Ernie Els as the star attractions , but they did not feature in the battle for the top prize .	Rory McIlroy beats Tiger Woods in exhibition at Mission Hills Shoots six-under 67 to beat World No. 1 by one shot McIlroy has slipped down the rankings this season after outstanding 2012 Ryan Moore wins PGA Tour event in Malaysia after delayed playoff
CNN  -- White sand beaches , tropical rain forests and colorful coral reefs -- southern Mexico would appear to have it all . Hurricane Dean hits Mexico in August last year . Experts argue hurricanes are worsening due to human activity . But it seems that this area of outstanding natural beauty is also unusually susceptible to danger in the form of costly -- both human and financial -- natural disasters . This year alone two maximum strength hurricanes passed over the Yucatan peninsula , while extreme floods in the Tabasco and Chiapas regions in October affected half of the region 's 2.2 million inhabitants and drew comparisons with the havoc created in the U.S. by Hurricane Katrina . Both hurricanes and the flood were natural phenomena but scientists and environmental campaigners argue that the force of these devastating disasters is exacerbated by human activity . The north Atlantic has always been prone to hurricanes . Each season , meteorologists expect the Caribbean and the Gulf of Mexico to experience between 10 and 20 tropical storms between May and the end of November . But in recent years it has been the intensity of these storms that has surprised analysts . In 2005 there were 15 storms classified as hurricanes , seven of which were considered ` major ' , or category 3 or more according to the Saffir-Simpson Hurricane Scale . Some scientists believe this escalation in intensity is down to global warming . "  Both observation and theory suggest that hurricanes are becoming more intense as the earth warms , " says Kevin Trenberth , Head of the Climate Analysis Section at the National Center for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado . A number of ingredients are required to form a hurricane . One of the key components is a sea surface temperature greater than 26 degrees Celsius . Records show that sea temperatures in the band of the north Atlantic where most hurricanes occur have risen significantly since 1994 . A rise or fall in surface sea temperature can change a storm 's intensity by an entire category , according to Dr Trenberth . Some scientists have attributed this rise in sea temperature to a natural cycle of warming and cooling known as the Atlantic multidecadal oscillation . But tests run on computer models at the National Center for Atmospheric Research , where all possible contributing factors can be added or eliminated , conclude that the recent warming of the sea can be related to the dumping of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere . Dr Trenberth believes that the increasing intensity of hurricanes will conversely result in less storms per year -- a hurricane cools the sea so that there is less likelihood of further storms forming in its wake -- but that the storms that do form will be much more devastating and much more likely to cost human lives . "  Sooner or later -LSB- a storm like Hurricane Katrina is -RSB- going to happen again , " says Dr Trenberth . "  It 's only a matter of time -- it 's quite easy to avoid these storms by chance for a while but sooner or later it will happen again . " Tabasco and Chiapas caught the tail end of one of these storms -- Noel . But the main cause of the floods was two cold fronts which sat over the Gulf of Mexico for several days in late October and early November . The heavy rain caused the Grijalva , La Sierra , Carrizal and Puxcatan rivers to break their banks , leaving 80 percent of the state of Tabasco under water , 13 people dead and 240 still missing . The Federal Government estimates that half of the region 's 2.2 million people were directly affected . Global warming is partly responsible for the disaster , according to Jorge Escandón , co-ordinator of Greenpeace Mexico 's energy and climate change campaign . "  At the moment , what we know about hydro-meteorological events is that there will be a major event with major intensity . We have already been told that by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and there are also various Mexican scientists who have modeled these scenarios . " But aside from climate change , Escandón also believes that Mexico 's government knew that the state of Tabasco was at risk and did not do enough to prepare for such a scenario . "  The fact is that the government of Mexico published a document on the subject of climate change in 1997 in which the state of Tabasco was singled out as being particularly vulnerable to extreme rainfall . "  You have this since 1997 and the ideal would have been that a degree of adaptation would have taken place . It all suggests a lack of infrastructure . " Escandón believes that the damage in Tabasco and Chiapas could have been considerably minimized , firstly through long-term measures to reduce global warming but also through more immediate actions . Other human activities also played their part in causing the floods . Deforestation meant that there were not enough trees to soak up surface water , while the Integral Project Against Flooding , set up in 2003 after similarly devastating flood hit the region in 1999 , with the intention of building levees and drainage canals along the Grijalva , Carrizal and Samaria rivers was never finished . Some newspaper reports have highlighted accusations by lawmakers of government corruption , with state officials unable to say where some of the money earmarked for flood prevention has gone . "  The problem of Tabasco is that corruption continues reigning , " Francisco Sanchez Ramos , a federal congressman who represents Tabasco , told the LA Times . "  Without doubt , this tragedy could have been avoided . " If scientists ' predictions play out , this corner of paradise will increasingly experience situations such as the Tabasco floods . This year Mexico emerged relatively unscathed from the hurricane season -- Ivan and Dean passed over relatively unpopulated areas -- but it seems it is only a matter of time before tragedy strikes again , be it in the form of storms or heavy rains . The government of Mexico will have to show initiative and prepare for such occurrences if they do not want to be responsible for the loss of lives . E-mail to a friend	Scientists say human activity is provoking more natural disasters in Mexico The Yucatan peninsula has suffered two maximum strength hurricanes this year In October , there were extreme floods in the Tabasco and Chiapas regions 80 percent of Tabasco was left under water , with 13 dead and 240 still missing
HAVANA , Cuba  CNN  -- Thousands gathered in the Cuban capital on Sunday to pay their respects to one of Cuba 's few remaining original revolutionaries , Juan Almeida , who according to state media died of a heart attack Friday evening . Cubans wait Sunday at Havana 's Revolution Plaza to pay respects to deceased Cuban revolutionary Juan Almeida . A single column of people stretched around Havana 's Revolution Square in a well-coordinated show of solidarity and remembrance during what state media reported as a national day of mourning . President Raul Castro and other top government officials were reportedly on hand , though elder brother and former Communist leader Fidel Castro -- not seen in public since abdominal surgery in 2006 -- did not make an appearance . Almeida , 82 , fought alongside Fidel Castro and was among only a handful of surviving Cuban leaders who still bore the title "  Commander of the Revolution . " Watch as Cubans remember Juan Almeida " Widely admired among Cuban nationals , Almeida participated in the failed attacks on the Moncada army barracks in 1953 . He was aboard the famed yacht "  Granma , " that carried the small group of Cuban rebels who would later topple U.S.-backed dictator Fulgencio Batista . A vice president and member of the Communist government Central Committee , Almeida was among only a few black leaders in top government posts . "  This shows how we 're all participants in our revolution and there is nothing that sets you apart , " said Havana resident Fernando , who declined to give his last name . "  Not color , nor religion , " he added . Almeida 's death underscores the mortality of an aging cast of Cuba 's revolutionary leaders . Widespread speculation surrounding the health of Fidel Castro grew in 2006 after he underwent abdominal surgery and later ceded the presidency to his younger brother , Raul . The elder Castro recently surfaced in a series of photos and video looking healthier , though he has not appeared in public in over three years .	Cuban revolutionary Juan Almeida died of a heart attack Friday evening Thousands gathered in the Cuban capital on Sunday to pay their respects He was among only a few black leaders in top government posts Almeida fought with the Castros at the start of their revolution
CNN  -- A top African-American lawmaker urged President Barack Obama on Thursday to focus more attention on the plight of unemployed black Americans , warning that there is growing frustration with the administration among some of its staunchest backers . "  We love the president , " Rep. Maxine Waters , D-California , told CNN . "  We 're working with him but are sounding the alarm . " The national unemployment rate was 9.1 % in July , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics . But it was nearly 16 % for African-Americans , a figure Waters said was the highest in the nation of any key demographic and the worst since the Great Depression . "  We are unique in terms of the pain that we are feeling in our community , " said Waters , a key member of the Congressional Black Caucus . Earlier this week , Waters questioned Obama 's failure to visit any predominantly African-American communities during his Midwest bus tour . The president visited Minnesota , Iowa and his home state of Illinois from Monday to Wednesday . Waters , a veteran legislator , told a Detroit crowd that some black lawmakers have been reluctant to criticize the nation 's first African-American president . "  You are very proud to have a black man as president , " Waters said in remarks captured on the Grio website , an African-American news site . There is concern , she said , that "  if we go after the president too hard , you are going after us . " Voices in the crowd could be heard imploring Waters to press Obama on issues like unemployment . "  When you unleash us ... and tell us it is all right to have this conversation , we are ready to have this conversation , " Waters said . "  We 're supportive of the president , but we 're getting tired . ... The unemployment is unconscionable  and  we do n't know what the strategy is . " During her interview with CNN on Thursday , Waters pushed the president to take what she characterized as a tougher stance against conservative tea party activists . An increasing number of progressives have complained that Obama was too willing to compromise with conservatives in recent debt ceiling and related budget negotiations . "  We have to let the president know we 're behind him , " Waters said . "  Do n't back up from the tea party . Stand up and fight them . Do n't give in to them . Do n't make deals with them because you are trying to get along . " "  We want the president to know that he 's got a lot of people behind him , " Waters added . "  We 're hurting , and we 're getting angry . ... Let the president know that we want him to be tough . " CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	Rep. Maxine Waters urges Obama to fight harder against tea party Waters says black lawmakers do n't criticize Obama for fear of losing voter support "  If we go after the president too hard , you are going after us , " Waters says
Washington  CNN  -- If you want to understand the historical magnitude of President Obama 's re-election victory , start with this fact : He lost the white vote by 20 points . In 1988 , Mike Dukakis lost white voters by 19 points . He was crushed in a 40-state landslide . Obama 's victory is a testament to a changing America . The president won a second term in the face of a weak economy by reassembling the bulk of his 2008 coalition : Hispanics , African-Americans , younger voters and single women . Mitt Romney 's support was older , whiter , and more Protestant than the president 's -- a faded shadow of a time gone by . It also bore a striking resemblance to Sen. John McCain 's coalition four years ago . Re-election puts Obama to the test A few specifics : Obama won Latino voters by nearly 40 points -- a slightly larger margin than his total over McCain four years ago -- while the Latino share of the total vote crept up from 9 % to 10 % . Romney 's tough talk on illegal immigration and self-deportation may have helped him win the GOP nomination , but it cost him in the fall . See data on who voted for whom Black voters were 13 % of the total electorate , the same share as in 2008 but a bump up from typical modern turnout levels . The first black president 's share of the black vote actually dropped a couple of points , but was still far north of 90 % . Talk of black alienation because of resistance on issues like same-sex marriage was overblown . Voters age 18 to 29 comprised a slightly larger share of the electorate than in 2008 , an outcome contrary to the media narrative of a disenchanted youth alienated from the political process . Obama 's share of the young vote declined a bit , but he still won it well in excess of 20 points . What we learned from the election In the final days before the election , hopeful Republicans played up polls showing Romney running away with the independent vote . It did n't pan out . Romney won independents by 4 % -- a healthy 12-point swing for the GOP compared to 2008 -- but it was n't nearly enough to save the former Massachusetts governor . Republicans also hoped a 7-point Democratic Party ID turnout edge over the GOP in 2008 would shrivel this time around . It did n't . Democrats maintained a 6-point edge on Tuesday . In the critical Rust Belt state of Ohio , Obama may have been saved by the 2009 auto industry bailout . Ohio voters approved of the bailout by a 23-point margin , and bailout supporters in the Buckeye State backed the president over Romney by about 50 points . Obama makes history again Perhaps in a related vein , Obama won 42 % of working class whites in Ohio , compared to 36 % of working class whites nationwide -- a critical difference in the tightly contested state . Where does the GOP go from here ? The Republican brand remains extremely strong among southern whites and religious voters in particular . Conservative leaders can find solace both in their tightening grip on the House of Representatives and a promising political bench featuring rising stars like Wisconsin rep. Paul Ryan , Florida Sen. Marco Rubio , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal , to name just a few . But even the most cursory glance at the results of the past two presidential elections makes it clear that the Republican Party is now facing a growing demographic problem . It risks permanently losing a new generation of Americans -- a generation central to Obama 's twin White House victories . How Republicans address this problem will play a huge role in determining the shape of American politics long after Obama himself has exited the political stage . Analysis : Obama won with a better ground game	Obama 's victory is a testament to a changing America Romney 's coalition bore a striking resemblance to John McCain 's four years ago Romney won a small majority of independents , but not enough to make a difference Results show Republican party facing a demographics problem
CNN  -- For some time , sugary soft drinks have been under attack as a major contributor to the obesity epidemic plaguing the nation , if not the world . As a result , sales of regular soft drinks have been dropping . Apparently , sales of diet soft drinks have taken even more of a hit . So it comes as no surprise that Coca-Cola is planning to launch a new ad campaign defending -- and promoting -- its diet soft drinks . The ads are going to focus on the safety of artificial sweeteners , or aspartame , in diet soda . Coca-Cola must believe that some of the fall in sales is due to concerns over the health effects of artificial sweeteners . Here 's the thing : There 's a lot of science out there , and it 's hard to say that aspartame holds much of a health risk . Aspartame was first approved for use in 1981 , but it was n't until 15 years later that health concerns showed up . In 1996 , a research paper showed that there had been a recent increase in brain tumors and hypothesized that this might be due to aspartame . Mind you , it did n't prove that was so . But the potential link was all the media needed to go crazy . TV shows , magazine articles , and newspapers all questioned whether the artificial sweetener was safe . Further work using data from the National Cancer Institute showed that the increase in brain tumors really began in 1973 , long before aspartame was introduced . Moreover , the increases in incidence of cancer were seen primarily in the elderly , which as a group , was not the major consumer of diet soda . And there 's more . A randomized , double-blind , placebo controlled trial showed that aspartame did n't affect memory , behavior or mood . And a study published in 2006 followed more than 285,000 men and almost 190,000 women and could n't detect any relationship between aspartame and brain or blood cancer . Some research has shown that drinking artificially sweetened beverages does n't promote weight loss , or even promotes weight gain . More often than not , this is because people wind up overcompensating for the calorie savings they think they 're getting by switching beverages  think of the person who orders dessert as a reward for having diet soda  . But in those cases it 's not the diet beverage that caused weight gain ; it 's dieters ' behavior . You can even find people who postulate that artificially sweetened beverages trick the brain into wanting more calories . There 's really no proof of that . Finally , some will claim that diet drinks will cause the brain to release insulin , which can change your metabolism and make you hungry . That 's a bit hard to swallow . That 's like saying if you ate sugar-dense food that tasted terrible , it would trick your brain into not releasing insulin . It 's the pancreas that releases insulin anyway , not the brain . The bottom line is that artificially sweetened beverages are safe . That does n't mean you should drink tons of them . My wife and I limit our kids ' consumption of soda to caffeine-free , diet types . But we do n't let our children drink them every day . We stress moderation in everything . The fact that Coca-Cola and other companies are seeing sales drop across the board is likely to create a backlash against artificial beverages in general . It 's hard to get too upset about that , since our consumption of them was likely too high to begin with . But we should n't make the perfect the enemy of the good . Given a choice between a sugared soda and a sugar-free soda , I 'd rather see my kids choose the latter every time . There 's an abundance of evidence that the sugar is contributing to health problems ; there 's not much conclusive evidence that artificial sweeteners in diet sodas are doing the same . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Aaron Carroll .	Coco-Cola is launching a new ad campaign to defend artificial sweeteners in diet soda Aaron Carroll : It 's no surprise , since sales of diet soda is dropping more than regular soda He says there 's little evidence to support the idea that artificial sweeteners pose health risk Carroll : Given a choice , it 's still better to choose sugar-free soda over sugared soda
Wow , Canada , you really , really love Taylor Swift . According to Entertainmentwise.com , "  Track 3 " from her new album , "  1989 , " shot to No. 1 on iTunes in Canada after it was released . The only problem was , the release was an accident , as the track is eight seconds of white noise . 5 reasons you love Taylor Swift ... even if you do n't want to The track was eventually removed . The singer 's latest project , one of the year 's most eagerly awaited albums , is set for release in the U.S. on October 27 . A song cowritten with fun . 's Jack Antonoff called "  Out of the Woods " was released last week , and it skyrocketed to No. 1 . Swift recently told Esquire that she 's moved to New York and is focusing on work and enjoying her life , including being surrounded by a great group of girlfriends . She said she refuses to be part of what she sees as "  the takedown culture " surrounding celebrities . "  You have celebrities who are pushed to the brink of a public meltdown , and so the public thinks that every person in the public eye has dirty secrets that they 're keeping , or is n't what they seem , or is masking it and faking sincerity , faking authenticity , faking being surprised at award shows when you win a Grammy , " she said .	A silent track was released by mistake It went to no. 1 on iTunes in Canada The star 's new album , "  1989 , " is due October 27
CNN  -- In the last few years , awareness about bullying has increased dramatically . Some adults may still think bullying is just a youthful rite of passage , but it seems worse than in previous generations for many parents , educators and kids . It does n't stop at the schoolyard or even a child 's front door . Access to the Internet and social media websites mean kids can be bullied and tormented around the clock , even in the supposed safety of their own homes . The cruelty that can come with the strike of a button on a keyboard can hurt just as much as any punch or push in a playground . We 've produced a documentary called "  The Bully Effect " which follows the stories of a number of people filmmaker Lee Hirsch introduced audiences to in his remarkable 2012 film "  Bully . " These are kids and parents who have taken their pain , their suffering , their grief and turned it into action . They are truly inspiring . Our unhealthy love of reality TV bullying I first started reporting on the problem of bullying a few years ago when a rash of suicides of children propelled the issue into the national spotlight . Since then , I 've interviewed far too many parents whose children took their own lives because they felt like it was the only way out of the pain . It 's not just tragic , it 's unacceptable . Through our reporting , we 've repeatedly tried to understand the complex issues surrounding bullying . There are not just bullies and victims . Sometimes a child who is bullied may bully someone else . We 've tried to understand how bullying can be a form of what researchers call "  social combat , " and we 've looked at what programs work to prevent it , and why some schools fail to adequately address the problem . Most bullying incidents are witnessed by bystanders : other students , teachers , and adults . All too often those bystanders fail to intervene , fail to stand up and say "  enough is enough . " As a teenager I saw other kids being bullied . Sometimes I tried to stop it , often times , I remained silent . It still pains me to this day . Share your story about child bullying with CNN iReport Increasing empathy and understanding is one of the greatest weapons we have to reduce bullying . That 's why I believe in the power of reporting . And why I hope you will watch "  The Bully Effect " on CNN tonight at 8 p.m. ET . Change is happening , and you can be part of it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Anderson Cooper . Watch Anderson Cooper 360 ° weeknights 8pm ET . For the latest from AC360 ° click here .	Anderson Cooper : Bullying today seems worse than in previous generations Cooper : When bullied children commit suicide , it 's not just tragic , it 's unacceptable Through reporting we can increase empathy and help reduce bullying , he says Cooper : Learn more from "  The Bully Effect , " which will air on CNN tonight at 8 p.m. ET
San Diego , California  CNN  -- For me , the issue of skyrocketing gasoline prices came into focus about four years ago , when the national average that Americans paid at the pump reached an all-time high of $ 4.11 a gallon . Today , the average -- up 30 cents in the last four weeks , and 13 cents in the last week alone -- is about $ 3.70 . In the summer of 2008 , I pulled up next to a gas pump off a major highway in Southern California where -- apparently , a few minutes earlier -- a recreational vehicle , which held more than 100 gallons , had stopped to fill up . The price was still on the screen : $ 500 . Can you imagine paying $ 500 to put gas in your vehicle ? For many of us , that 's more like a monthly car payment . But for those who live in Southern California -- where the car is king , public transit is spotty and the carpool lane is almost always underused -- even a tab that size hardly raises an eyebrow . At the gas station closest to my home in San Diego , a gallon of gas is going for about $ 3.49 , and a full tank costs me about $ 65 . I shell that out three or four times a month . Prices are sky high in Los Angeles . With the average price here expected to reach as much as $ 5 a gallon by Memorial Day , it 's not surprising to see more commuters jammed onto trains and hear that more of your friends are trying to work from home a few days a week . Although my friends on the East Coast like to think they have it easier with more options for public transportation , it 's a mistake for people to assume that higher gas prices do n't affect them . It 's not about geography . We 're all in this together . Have you noticed the price of groceries lately , as those companies that operate delivery trucks have to spend more to stack food on supermarket shelves ? So you do n't own a car . Maybe you take the subway to work . Swell . But if you have a mouth , and occasionally like to fill it with food , high gas prices should be hard to swallow . Meanwhile , political leaders -- in both parties -- need to fill up on courage and common sense in order to work on a solution . President Obama was right to say recently that there is little a chief executive can do about gas prices . That said , presidential candidates should stop promising otherwise . At the moment , our politicians seem to be running low on ideas and yet overflowing with an eagerness to exploit the uptick in prices for their own political benefit . Newt Gingrich is promising lower prices . He also pledges that , if elected president , he wo n't bow before a Saudi king . So what ? What does that have to do with anything , beyond political rhetoric ? At the moment , our main concern -- and certainly that of our one true friend and ally in the Middle East , Israel -- is n't Saudi Arabia but Iran . As part of a small group of Latino journalists who visited Israel last month , I was reminded by Israeli officials in one briefing after another that -- were Iran to build a nuclear weapon -- the entire world would change . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad could block the Strait of Hormuz and the rest of the world would be too frightened to do anything about it . That 's what we should be worried about , not whether U.S. presidents bow before the Saudis . It also would n't hurt to pay more attention to oil reserves in this hemisphere . Mexico is a major producer , and a friend and ally . The relationship between the United States and Mexico is n't perfect ; tensions recur over immigration , drugs and trade . Each country has an annoying habit of blaming the other for its problems . But it 's a strong marriage that will endure . Instead of chanting "  Drill , baby , drill , " more of our leaders should be saying : "  Hola amigo . " The U.S. government should increase oil imports from Mexico . Not only is it better to deal with friends than adversaries , it 's also a good way to help the Mexican government fund its war against the drug cartels -- a battle that is , let 's not forget , fueled by another one of our addictions . Granted , in order for the United States to increase oil imports from Mexico , our neighbor may have to increase production . That 's a slippery situation . Mexico nationalized the oil industry in the 20th century and foreign companies are prohibited from drilling . But that resistance seems to be weakening . Mexico 's national oil company has allowed some private contracts and says its mature fields , which produce just 12,000 barrels of oil per day , could produce up to 220 million barrels of oil . We can have that conversation . And let 's face it , the United States would rather work through that issue than work with countries that are hostile to Americans . Look at the polls , and you 'll see that one of the major reasons everyday Americans think we need to become more energy self-sufficient and develop a better strategy for importing oil is that they 're leery of becoming too dependent on countries in the Middle East that are often unwelcoming , undemocratic and unstable . After all , no matter how much we love our cars and need our gasoline , few things are scarier than breaking down in a bad neighborhood . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Californians are fatalistic about high gas prices , and remember 2008 Even if you take the bus , he says , high gas prices affect the cost of food , other goods Navarrette says presidential candidates ' promises of lower gas prices are empty rhetoric He thinks a good move would be negotiating to buy more oil from Mexico , a friend and ally
CNN  -- Amputees will soon get help from a groundbreaking bionic arm , thanks to the inventor of the Segway and a little inspiration from "  Star Wars . " After almost eight years of research and testing , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration has approved the DEKA arm , a prosthetic controlled by signals from the brain . Unlike most current prostheses , the DEKA can perform such delicate tasks as zipping up a coat , unlocking a door with a key or handling an egg without breaking it . Funded by DARPA , the research branch of the Pentagon , the DEKA project was overseen by Dean Kamen , who invented the Segway personal vehicle . Kamen nicknamed the DEKA arm "  Luke " after Luke Skywalker , the "  Star Wars " hero who was fitted for a prosthetic after losing his right hand in a light-saber duel with Darth Vader . The FDA is calling the device the first prosthetic arm that can perform multiple , simultaneous movements via electromyogram electrodes , which detect electrical signals from the contraction of muscles close to where the prosthesis is attached . The battery-powered arm is about the size and weight of a natural limb and has six different grips . A computer in the device can tell what type of movement its wearer wants to make . "  This innovative prosthesis provides a new option for people with certain kinds of arm amputations , " said Christy Foreman , director of the FDA 's Office of Device Evaluation . The DEKA arm "  may allow some people to perform more complex tasks than they can with current prostheses in a way that more closely resembles the natural motion of the arm . " The DEKA bionic arm can be configured for people with limb loss at the shoulder joint , mid upper arm or mid lower arm , the FDA said . It can not be fitted for someone whose arm was amputated at the elbow or wrist . One of the device 's first users was double amputee Chuck Hildreth , who lost both arms in an electrical accident . Hildreth has been demonstrating the DEKA arm on national TV news programs since at least 2009 . "  I never thought in my lifetime I 'd see something this functional come out , " he told CNN 's Sanjay Gupta in 2010 . "  It 's definitely going to change my life , and more importantly it 's going to change the life of my family . Because ... I 'm going to be less dependent on them . " In considering whether to approve the device , the FDA reviewed a Department of Veterans Affairs study involving 36 participants fitted with DEKA arms . The study found that about 90 % of participants were able to perform activities they were not able to perform with their current prosthesis , such as using keys and locks , preparing food , feeding themselves and brushing their hair . A video demonstration on DARPA 's website shows a man using the bionic arm to transfer eggs from one carton to another without breaking them . The device was developed by DEKA Integrated Solutions in Manchester , New Hampshire . FDA approval means that DEKA can now legally market and sell the bionic arm in the United States .	FDA approves the DEKA arm , a prosthetic controlled by brain signals The DEKA project was overseen by Dean Kamen , who invented the Segway Kamen nicknamed the arm "  Luke " after Luke Skywalker from "  Star Wars " The arm can perform delicate tasks such as handling an egg without breaking it
