CNN  -- The scenes are depressingly familiar . A gunman opens fire on an American campus . Students , teachers and administrators duck for cover . Parents anxiously wait for their kids to check in , praying for the phone to ring . It played out again Tuesday at Reynolds High School in Troutdale , Oregon , a city of 16,400 people 12 miles east of Portland . Jared Padgett , a student at the school , shot and killed another student before taking his own life . The 15-year-old Padgett arrived at school on a bus , carrying a guitar case and a duffel bag , Troutdale Police Chief Scott Anderson told reporters Wednesday . The freshman student had an AR-15 type rifle , a semi-automatic handgun , nine loaded magazines capable of holding several hundred rounds , and a large knife , Anderson said . Authorities have found no link between Padgett and his victim , 14-year-old freshman , Emilio Hoffman , and no known motive . Padgett shot and killed Hoffman in a locker room . He also shot and wounded a teacher . Padgett then moved through a main hallway , where he ducked into a small restroom as officers closed in , Anderson said . There was a brief exchange of gunfire , but , based on autopsy reports , Padgett died of a self-inflicted gunshot wound . "  Given the weapons and the amount of ammunition that the shooter was carrying , the early notification and the initial law enforcement response were critical , " the police chief said . The school shooting , the second in a week , is the latest in a long string . An attack at Seattle Pacific University last week killed one person and wounded two others . Timeline of U.S. school violence Speaking in Washington , President Barack Obama said the nation should be ashamed of its inability to get tougher gun restrictions through Congress in the aftermath of mass shootings that he said have become commonplace in America . "  Our levels of gun violence are off the charts . There 's no advanced , developed country on Earth that would put up with this , " he said . Heroics by coach Todd Rispler , a teacher and coach at the school , was praised by police for what they called heroic actions . Witnesses at the school said that after the shooter killed Hoffman , he chased Rispler out of the building while shooting at him . Several students said they saw blood on Rispler 's white shirt as he ran . What they did n't see was that the coach ran to the main administrative office , where he alerted the school 's leadership about the gunman on the premises . Officials immediately initiated a lockdown on the school . "  Despite being injured ,  he  was able to make his way to the office and initiate the school lockdown procedure , " Anderson said . The news was warmly received by students at the school , who made a celebrity of Rispler by posting about him on social media . "  Everyone on Twitter is talking about how he 's a boss and how even if he was shot and injured he 'd be fine , " student Kara Ikebe told CNN . A closer look : How many school shootings since Newtown ? The debate So , what now ? Will this latest instance of gun violence compel Congress to act ? The President is n't optimistic . Most members of Congress are "  terrified " of the National Rifle Association , he said Tuesday , adding that nothing will change until public opinion demands it . "  The country has to do some soul-searching about this . This is becoming the norm , and we take it for granted , in ways that , as a parent , are terrifying to me , " Obama said . There was no immediate response from the NRA . The number of active shooter events -- defined as one or more people whose primary motive is mass murder in a confined or populated area , not including gang and family-related shootings -- has risen somewhat in real numbers in recent years . A report by the Advanced Law Enforcement Rapid Response Training Center found that the number of these types of mass shootings has increased from an average of about five a year prior to 2009 to 15 in 2013 . Opinion : Gun debate ? What gun debate ? The focus The NRA and its supporters have previously said that no number of laws can effectively stop anyone out to kill . "  The violence is in the person , not in the gun , " Jerry Henry , executive director of GeorgiaCarry.Org , said this year . "  And until you figure out how to treat the violence , then you 're going to have that . And taking all the guns off the street is not going to make anybody any safer . " CNN analyst Fareed Zakaria disagrees . "  Every time there is a serious gun massacre in the United States -- and alas , these are fairly common -- the media focuses on the twisted psychology of the shooter and asks why we do n't pay more attention to detecting and treating mental illness , " he wrote . "  The question we should really be focused on is not the specific cause of a single shooting , but why there are so many of them in America . " America 's per capita gun homicide rate in 2009 was 12 times higher than the average of Canada , Germany , Australia and Spain . "  Does anyone think that we have 12 times as many psychologically troubled people as they do in these countries ? " It 's a point Obama also touched on Tuesday . "  The United States does not have a monopoly on crazy people . It 's not the only country that has psychosis , " he said . Oregon school shooting victim ` did n't deserve what he got ' The aftermath Back at Reynolds High School on Tuesday , anxious parents waited for news that their children were safe as word of the shooting spread . Evacuated students were bused to a local grocery store parking lot and released after clearing a police pat-down for weapons . One couple , Craig Tuholski and Tawnjia Reimer , were talking with CNN affiliate KGW about how agonizing the wait for news was , when Tuholski 's cell phone rang . "  Is that Chris ? " Reimer asked before letting out a sigh of relief . "  Oh , thank God . " "  That 's what we were waiting for , " Tuholski said after hanging up . The vigil Several hundred people turned out Tuesday night for a vigil to honor Hoffman , including his family . Although senior Jaylen Edwards did n't know Emilio Hoffman well , he posted one of the early tweets calling the community to attend . "  At the end of the day , we can come together for a great cause and support Emilio and his family , " he told affiliate KATU . As candles flickered in the fading light , the heartbroken community sang "  Amazing Grace . " "  We just have to make sure that we all stick together and have each other 's backs , " Edwards said . Special sentence sought for Seattle college shooting suspect CNN 's Jason Hanna , Mariano Castillo , Steve Almasy , Tom Cohen , Evan Perez , Pam Brown , Shimon Prokupecz and Stefan Simon contributed to this report .	The shooter had an AR-15 type rifle , a handgun , loaded magazines , and a large knife Authorities have found no motive and no link between the gunman and his victim They identify the shooter as 15-year-old Jared Padgett "  The country has to do some soul-searching , " Obama says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The head of ACORN on Tuesday sharply deplored recent videos showing some of the group 's workers advising people how to set up a prostitution business . ACORN leader Bertha Lewis defends her group at the National Press Club on Tuesday in Washington . "  It made my stomach turn , " Bertha Lewis , chief executive officer of ACORN , told reporters at the National Press Club in Washington . "  It just made you sick . " ACORN workers who did perform their tasks properly "  did not deserve to have co-workers who did not live up to their standards , " Lewis said . "  So yes , I terminated those employees . " At the same time , Lewis defended the community organizing group and punched back at widespread criticism , touting the group 's efforts in helping poor people in the areas of housing and voting . She backed up the group 's legal action in Maryland against the makers of one of the videos . Video , shot with a hidden camera , shows conservative activists posing as a pimp and a prostitute . Lewis said that "  we want to hold them accountable " for what she said was breaking the law . Similar videos were made at other ACORN offices . "  It is illegal , as Linda Tripp will tell you , to record someone in the state of Maryland without their permission . Just because we were embarrassed by these highly edited tapes , which do n't tell the whole story again , and hopefully that will come out , does n't mean that these people did n't break the law in order to embarrass and attack the organization , " Lewis said . Lewis was referring to the former White House employee who recorded conversations with White House intern Monica Lewinsky about her sexual encounters with President Clinton , which ultimately led to his impeachment . ACORN -- which stands for Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now -- was in the headlines during last year 's presidential campaign after GOP allegations of falsifying voter registration applicants . Some of its voter registration workers were prosecuted , and some other employees resigned . But after the recent release of videos , the political criticism grew . In the videos , some ACORN workers advised the undercover conservative activists how to set up a prostitution business involving underage , foreign girls . Along with firing employees , ACORN also is conducting an investigation through an independent auditor . The Justice and Treasury departments are investigating the group , too . The U.S. Census Bureau has terminated ACORN 's involvement in its public outreach program , both chambers of Congress have voted to deny federal funding to the organization , and several states are looking into ACORN operations . In addition , ACORN suspended tax preparation services it carried out as part of an Internal Revenue Service program . And Bank of America announced it is pulling its funding of an ACORN housing affiliate until it is satisfied that all issues related to the organization have been resolved . Lewis contends the group also has been responsive to allegations that some canvassers falsified voter registration applications and turned in those who falsified voter registration forms . "  We were punished for following the law and doing the right thing , and that part of the story was never told , " she said . "  And so nine months later it finally began to resonate with folks that we had not had one individual who voted fraudulently in the presidential election because of an ACORN registration -- not one Mickey Mouse , not one Donald Duck , not one New York Jet , Giant or any other fraudulent person . " One of the shadows over ACORN is an embezzling incident involving Dale Rathke , the brother of ACORN founder Wade Rathke . Lewis acknowledged that the founder 's sibling embezzled nearly $ 1 million from the group . She disputed reports that a subpoena from the Louisiana attorney general 's office showed that the amount was up to $ 5 million . Lewis said the claim is "  speculation , "  completely false " and not based on any documentation . She attributed the contention to two "  disgruntled former board members . " Lewis ' group works in poor precincts across the country considered Democratic turf . She said e-mails from Karl Rove , when he was Bush 's top political adviser , show that ACORN was targeted to stop its voter registration efforts because "  we were moving too many minorities to vote " and "  changing the power dynamics " in local elections . Such critics of the group believe "  we needed to be stopped , " Lewis said . "  I do think that after 40 years of going after the rich and powerful , I think you make some powerful enemies . I think since 2004 , things have been ramped up . " Lewis said ACORN has been demonized and news about it has served as a Republican fund-raising tool . She said this form of "  modern-day ACORN McCarthyism has got to stop . " "  Last week , members of Congress were asked , ` Are you now or have you ever been members of ACORN ? Everybody should take pause at that . Everybody should say , ` Wait a minute . This is not how we have discourse , ' " she said , making reference to the familiar phrase from McCarthy-era hearings in the 1950s : "  Are you now or have you ever been a communist ? " Appointed to her post in 2008 , Lewis said she has been working hard to improve the group 's management practices to "  restrengthen , reorganize and put together the 21st-century ACORN . " "  I 'm proud to say that they 've made it clear to me that I will continue to be tortured for at least another year . If the board thought or our membership thought that I should resign , I would do it in a heartbeat , " she said . "  I do n't think , however , it is fair to judge me as I 'm cleaning up a previous administration , and now we have real documentation that these are political attacks on us , which is unprecedented . "	ACORN leader defends community organizing group at National Press Club Some ACORN workers advised undercover conservatives on prostitution in videos ACORN 's Bertha Lewis says group targeted due to its voter registration efforts Lewis : ACORN has responded properly to allegations , fired workers in videos
CNN  -- The head of the Anglican church expressed regret Saturday for comments he made about the Irish Catholic Church , which included saying that the Irish Catholic Church has lost "  all credibility " following the abuse scandal , his press office said . In an interview to be broadcast Monday , Archbishop Rowan Williams called the issue "  a colossal corporate trauma " for the Catholic Church , especially in Ireland . "  An institution so deeply bound in to the life of society suddenly becoming -- suddenly losing all credibility , " said Williams , the head of the Church of England . "  That 's not just a problem for the church , it 's a problem for everybody in Ireland , I think . " Diarmuid Martin , the archbishop of Dublin , said he was "  stunned " and "  discouraged " by Williams ' remarks . Pope 's preacher compares abuse fury to anti-Semitism Later Saturday , Williams and Martin spoke by telephone and the Archbishop of Canterbury expressed regret that the comments were made , Lambeth Palace 's press office told CNN . "  The church itself continues to work tirelessly to tackle the issue of abuse , " the office said . It was not immediately clear how Martin responded . Williams made the comments about the Irish Catholic Church on the BBC radio program "  Start the Week , " airing Monday , as part of a general discussion about religion . Ireland has been rocked by a series of child abuse reports , both physical and sexual , by Catholic clergy going back at least seven decades . In his statement Saturday , Martin said that he has addressed the reports . "  As Archbishop of Dublin , I have been more than forthright in addressing the failures of the Catholic Church in Ireland , " Martin said in a statement . "  I still shudder when I think of the harm that was caused to abused children . I recognise that their Church failed them . " However , Martin added that priests and parents are working to renew the Irish Catholic Church and remain committed to the faith . "  Archbishop Williams ' comments will be for them immensely disheartening and will challenge their faith even further , " Martin said . "  Those working for renewal in the Catholic Church in Ireland did not need this comment on this Easter weekend and do not deserve it . " A recent Irish government-backed report found the Archdiocese of Dublin and other Irish Catholic church authorities covered up abuse by priests from 1975 to 2004 , and that child sexual abuse was widespread then . Two Irish bishops have resigned over the scandal , and Pope Benedict XVI issued a pastoral letter to the Irish church last month saying he was deeply sorry for the abuse . In his letter , the pope said "  misplaced concern " for the Catholic Church 's reputation and the avoidance of scandal contributed to the problems . Williams said that has been a lesson for the Anglican church as well . "  I guess that for an awful lot of Christian institutions , until fairly recently , the default setting would be , ` We 've got to try and hang on to the institution 's credibility , ' " Williams told the BBC . "  We 've learned that that is damaging , it 's wrong , it 's dishonest , and it requires that very hard recognition which ought to be ... natural for the Christian church , based as it is on repentance and honesty . "  We 've had to learn , well , honesty and truthfulness are the only way in which we can survive in any way as an institution . " The pope plans to visit England and Scotland in September , but Williams said that will not be a "  big deal " for the Church of England . "  The pope will be coming here to Lambeth Palace , " Williams told the BBC , referring to the archbishop 's historic London residence . "  We 'll have the bishops together to meet him . I 'm concerned that he has a chance to say what he wants to say in and to British society , that we welcome him as a valued partner , and that 's about it . " It will be the pope 's first state visit to the United Kingdom , according to the British Foreign Office . A 1982 trip by Pope John Paul II was officially a pastoral visit . Relations between the Anglican and Catholic churches have been strained following the Vatican 's outreach to disaffected Anglicans last year . The plan would enable groups of Anglicans to become Catholic and recognize the pope as their leader , yet have parishes that retain Anglican rites , Vatican officials said . Some observers said the Vatican 's move would shatter more than 40 years of efforts to reconcile the two churches . The move came 475 years after King Henry VIII broke from Rome and created the Church of England , the forerunner of the Anglican Communion .	NEW : Archbishop Rowan Williams apologizes for saying Irish Catholic Church as lost "  all credibility " in scandal Recent Irish government-backed report found Catholic Church covered up abuse by priests Two Irish bishops have resigned over the scandal and Pope has apologized
CNN  -- Four teenage boys in Tampa , Florida , were charged as adults Wednesday on allegations of sexually assaulting a 13-year-old boy . Lee Louis Myers , 14 , from Tampa , Florida , is one of the defendants in the case . Charged with four counts each of sexual battery were Randall John Moye , 14 ; Raymond A. Price-Murray , 14 ; Lee Louis Myers , 14 ; and Diamante J. Roberts , 15 . CNN is naming the defendants because they were charged as adults . Hillsborough County prosecutors allege the four boys raped the 13-year-old victim multiple times over two months with a broomstick and hockey stick . At a bond and arraignment hearing , the defendants appeared before Hillsborough County Judge Wayne Timmerman to hear the counts against them read in court . Prosecutor Kimberly Hindman described to the court how two defendants held down the victim while the other two defendants violently sodomized him with the sticks . "  The victim screamed and cried , telling them to stop , " Hindman said . The prosecutor said the victim 's screams could be heard outside the boys ' locker room at Walker Middle School , in southern Tampa , where the alleged assaults took place . Multiple people witnessed the attacks , but no one reported the incidents , including the victim , Hindman said . The school began an investigation after a fight that began on the football field and continued until a coach broke it up in the locker room , said the prosecutor . During the fight , the victim said , "  I 'm tired of them getting on me , " Hindman said . When school officials questioned the defendants , all four admitted in a written statement that they had sexually assaulted the victim . The defendants "  all implicated themselves in a sexual-battery incident , " Hindman said . The victim did not acknowledge the attacks until questioned . School officials contacted authorities , who initially charged the four as minors with sexual assault and false imprisonment . Several students witnessed the incidents over the two months , said the prosecutor , who added that she could not understand why no one reported the attacks . The victim made a statement in court , telling the judge how his father was angry and his mother could n't stop crying when they heard about the attacks . Defense attorneys told the judge their clients were good students and had never been in trouble before . Attorney Tim Taylor , representing Randall Moye , said his client 's family is among the finest in the community . Taylor presented six character witnesses , including his client 's mother , Jeanne Myers , who said her son wants to attend college . The prosecutor asked her about her son 's written statement about the attacks . Myers said her son described clowning around in the locker room with a hockey stick . She added that he told her about holding down the victim for a few seconds . The victim finished the academic year at home instead of returning to school , authorities said . The judge set bond for each defendant at $ 15,000 , with ankle monitors for all but one , who has left the area . The four boys were taken into custody in court and booked into the adult jail . The judge warned the four to have no contact with one another , the victim or any witnesses in the case . The defendants could spend up to 120 years in prison if convicted on all four counts .	Prosecutors : Victim , 13 , raped over 2-month period with broomstick , hockey stick Multiple people witnessed attacks , but no one reported incidents , prosecutor says The 4 teens gave written admission of assaults to school officials in Florida Defense attorney for one teen says client 's family is among the finest in Tampa
Scores of Japanese citizens filed a lawsuit Monday in an effort to block the restarting of a nuclear power facility as tensions remain over atomic energy in the country a year after the Fukushima Daichi disaster . The suit , filed at Osaka District Court by a group of 259 citizens , seeks an injunction to stop the company Kansai Electric from bringing its nuclear power plants Oi Unit 3 and 4 back online , according to Green Action , an organization that campaigns against nuclear energy in Japan . The Kansai Electric facility in question is in the central prefecture of Fukui . The Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant was knocked offline after the massive earthquake and tsunami that struck the east coast of Japan on March 11 , 2011 . That resulted in a meltdown of three reactors , with radiation leaking into the air and contaminated water spilling into the sea . While no deaths were attributed to the nuclear crisis -- the worst since the 1986 Chernobyl disaster -- more than 100,000 people remain displaced from the towns where its fallout settled . It has left lingering unease among Japanese people about the use of nuclear power to meet the country 's energy needs . The government began safety inspections of the country 's nuclear power plants . Of Japan 's 54 reactors , only two are currently operating . Green Action also held a rally after filing the lawsuit against Kansai Electric . Ahead of the suit , Kansai Electric declined to comment on the matter .	A group of citizens seeks an injunction to block the restart of a nuclear facility Many Japanese people remain uneasy about nuclear energy after last year 's crisis Reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant went into meltdown after the tsunami Only 2 of Japan 's 54 reactors are currently operating
Kabul , Afghanistan  CNN  -- Military officials Tuesday identified two sailors involved in a firefight in eastern Afghanistan last week that left one of them dead and the other in the hands of the Taliban . Afghan and coalition forces recovered the remains of Petty Officer 2nd Class Justin McNeley , 30 , of Wheatridge , Colorado , on Sunday , the Defense Department said . Petty Officer 3rd Class Jarod Newlove , 25 , of Renton , Washington , is listed as Duty Status Whereabouts Unknown , the Pentagon said . Newlove and McNeley were travelling in Logar province when they were attacked , the military said . Taliban spokesman Zabiullah Mujahid said Monday that one American died in a firefight and the other is being held by the group . Mujahid said the two Americans were driving in a civilian vehicle in the village of Dasht , in Charkh district . The Taliban wanted to take both men alive , but the firefight broke out , killing one of the Americans , Mujahid said . The other is alive and being held in a safe location , he said . Newlove 's family released a statement through the Navy asking that the media release no details of the incident or information about the family . "  The information in the wrong hands could certainly jeopardize Jerod 's safety and well being , " Navy spokesman Sean Hughes said . "  The Newlove family and Navy appreciate as much privacy as possible during this difficult time which we all sincerely hope has a positive outcome . " Provincial government officials confirmed McNeley 's death on Sunday . Den Mohammad Darwish , the spokesman for the governor of Logar province , said he learned from locals that the American was killed . He said the body was found in the Patanak Mountains of Charkh district . He also said the vehicle the men were driving was located Sunday . There were no immediate demands from the Taliban for the return of the Americans because the group was still deliberating what its demands would be , Mujahid said . A U.S. military official confirmed that a $ 20,000 reward was being offered for information leading to the return of the two sailors . Posters were being distributed in the region . CNN 's Atia Abawi and Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : Family of missing sailor asks for privacy NEW : Remains of one sailor are found on Sunday American sailors went missing last week in eastern Afghanistan The Taliban says it killed one American during a firefight and is holding the other
CNN  -- Pete Jackson attended his brother-in-law 's funeral along with his daughter , Emily , six years ago . He never dreamed it would be the last day of his daughter 's life . "  It 's so tragic , just not something you would never , ever expect , " said Pete Jackson . Instead of going home to the Chicago suburb of Arlington Heights after the funeral , Emily Jackson , 18 , spent the night with her cousins . That night , she made a deadly decision . She took an Oxycontin -- a single prescription pill -- that her cousin offered to her while drinking . She went to sleep that night and never woke up . She died of respiratory depression -- she simply stopped breathing . The Oxycontin that Emily took belonged to her uncle , who had died of cancer . While taking one pill and dying is rare , dying accidentally after using painkillers inappropriately is common . According to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , one person dies from a drug overdose every 19 minutes . About 28,754 Americans died after accidentally overdosing on legal or illegal drugs in 2009 , according to the CDC ; about half of those deaths involved prescription painkillers . Those numbers are significant enough to make prescription drugs one of the leading causes of accidental death in this county . It 's a statistic that has led some experts to call prescription drug abuse an epidemic . Gupta : Let 's end the prescription drug death epidemic "  If you asked any guy on the street what the leading cause of accidental death is , they would guess gunshot or car accident , " said Tom McLellan , co-founder of the Treatment Research Institute , a nonprofit organization advocating for improvements in substance abuse policies . "  They would never imagine it 's pharmaceutical opioids  painkillers  . " John Castellani -- the president and CEO of Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America , which represents and lobbies on behalf of drug manufacturers -- said America 's problem with prescription drugs is unacceptable . But he insisted the drugs are safe when used as recommended . "  The problem we 're dealing with with prescription drug abuse is having to balance those patients  who abuse prescription drugs  and those millions of patients that benefit from these medicines because they have a need that they and their physicians have recognized , " Castellani said . Emily Jackson was on the road to recovery after a 2002 diagnosis of thyroid cancer and undergoing three surgeries to fight it . She and her cousin had done "  a bit of drinking " the night she died , Pete Jackson said . But he is sure that had she not taken the Oxycontin , she would still be alive today . "  I 've never tried to make it sound like Emily is innocent , " Jackson said . "  What I want people to understand about Emily 's tragedy is how easily this can happen , how dangerous these drugs are . " ` You play Russian roulette ' The prescription painkiller Emily Jackson took is a respiratory depressant that slows breathing . That in combination with the alcohol , another respiratory depressant , overwhelmed her brain , which stopped giving her heart and lungs the signal to keep functioning . "  In many ways , you play Russian roulette , " said Kathleen Meyers , a senior researcher for the Treatment Research Institute , who added that adolescents and young adults are particularly at risk because they feel invincible . "  You have no idea the  respiratory  consequences of any one group of substances , and then you put all that together and the risks go up exponentially . " It 's not just an issue among teenagers . In fact , rates of accidental overdose among teens , while still a major public health problem , are actually going down . This problem spans many demographics . Gupta : The truth about prescription medication addiction In fact , males in their 40s and 50s who start off with a prescription for back pain and die from an accidental overdose several years later are dying in significant numbers . "  Could you imagine , a worker that popped their back , and we started to put them on  pain  medication and three years later they were dead ? " Dr. Alex Cahana , the chief of pain medicine at the University of Washington , told CNN . "  That 's devastating . " The devastation began for Steve Rummler when he got a prescription for nerve pain radiating through his leg and back . It started when he was 28 . For the next nine years , the Minneapolis man endured the pain . It was not until 2005 , when Rummler was 37 , that a doctor prescribed hydrocodone to address his pain , along with clonazepam , a benzodiazepine and anti-anxiety medication , to relieve his injury-related anxiety . Family members said it was the first time in nearly a decade Rummler felt relief from the life-altering pain he endured . But that relief was short-lived . In a journal entry , Rummler said of the drugs , "  At first they were a lifeline . Now they are a noose around my neck . " It is a common sentiment , and a common scenario , according to Meyers , who says Rummler 's case is far too common -- a person genuinely needs opioids but becomes addicted to the relief they provide . "  The person that is on them for legitimate reasons and the kid who experiments with them seem very different , but the outcome is the same , " said Meyers . "  And they are very difficult to get off of . I think we probably need to do a better job of pain management in this country . " By 2009 , Rummler had sunk into dependence and , eventually , into addiction . At the advice of his family , he enrolled in two addiction treatment programs and seemingly had a handle on his addiction . But in July of 2011 , just 45 days after completing the final stage of his rehabilitation , Rummler relapsed and died at 43 . Rummler still had outstanding prescriptions for hydrocodone and clonazepam at the time of his death , and empty prescription bottles were in his house when the police arrived . His official cause of death was mixed drug toxicity caused by opiates and benzodiazepines . A medical investigator said there was no way to tell what Rummler ingested immediately before his death . Like Emily Jackson , Rummler stopped breathing in his sleep . Gupta : More is not always better in medicine Experts : Better communication needed Accidental prescription drug overdoses is "  the only epidemic that I know that has been recognized by the DEA , FDA , CDC and the White House Office of Drug Control , " McLellan said . Meyers and McLellan believe the key to combating accidental deaths related to prescription drugs is creating a better dialogue among doctors , patients and pharmacies . "  When someone is given prednisone , a steroid commonly used to treat inflammatory diseases , they are given very specific instructions , " said Meyers . "  They are very direct about what will happen if the patient misuses it . You do n't see that with pain medication . "  Maybe if we did a better job with how we communicate the effects of prescription medications when you do n't take them the way they are prescribed or if you mix other substances with them , maybe we would n't have the number of people who are in crisis , " she added . After co-founding the Treatment Research Institute , McLellan worked as the deputy director of the White House Office of National Drug Control Policy for the Obama administration . One of his main tasks was combating the epidemic of prescription drug abuse . McLellan says he believes everyone throughout the supply chain of opioids needs to take greater responsibility . This means pharmaceutical companies would carefully monitor and control the supply they produce , he said . Doctors would be more rigorous with patient screening -- including , possibly , urinalysis exams before issuing or extending a prescription . Patients would be more careful about the storing and disposal of their medications along with how they take them . And , most importantly , pharmacies would keep a watchful eye on all of the substances each of their customers takes , he said . "  You do n't want to stop the use of opioids , because that would be stupid , but you need better management , " he said . "  Information exchange is the main thing ; pharmacies have to know what everyone is getting prescribed . " Meanwhile , people such as Pete Jackson are left to deal with the aftermath of prescription drug abuse . After his daughter 's death , Jackson began researching what he could do to prevent a similar tragedy from striking another household . In 2007 , Jackson joined forces with other bereaved families to create Advocates for the Reform of Prescription Opioids , a group dedicated to advancing the dialogue around prescription drugs and the legislation concerning them . "  It 's just so frustrating when you 're operating in an arena where there 's always a presumption of guilt , " Jackson said . "  This is n't about  Emily  being guilty or what kind of person she was . It happens that she was the most wonderful person I 've ever known . It 's really about how we can address this problem . " For more information on prescription drug abuse , visit MedicineAbuseProject.org	Emily Jackson died at 18 after drinking , then taking a prescription pain pill Steve Rummler battled pain for years before become addicted to painkillers After kicking the addiction , Rummler relapsed and died in 2011 Experts say a better dialogue among doctors , patients and pharmacies is needed
Washington  CNN  -- The military 's newest and most powerful ground-penetrating bomb is not intended for Iran 's underground nuclear and weapons facilities specifically , a Pentagon spokesman said Wednesday . "  The system 's not aimed at any one country , " said Pentagon spokesman , Capt. John Kirby . "  It 's to develop a capability we believe we need . " The new Massive Ordinance Penetrator , known as the MOP , is able to explode 200 feet underground and designed to destroy deeply buried and fortified targets such as the ones Iran is believed to have constructed to protect its nuclear research facilities . "  It gives us a far greater capability to reach and destroy an enemy 's weapons of mass destructions that -- weapons of mass destruction that are located in well-protected underground facilities , without getting into specifics , to -- to a magnitude far greater than we have right now , " Kirby said at a Pentagon briefing . The Air Force has contracted from Boeing for 20 of the bunker-buster bombs . It took the first delivery in September , according to Pentagon official . The official , citing operational security limitations , would not provide details about how many have been delivered . There were three separate orders placed by the Pentagon with the final one placed in August . The bomb is said to be more than 20 feet long and 30 inches in diameter and weighs some 30,000 pounds  13,600 kilos  . It is more powerful than its predecessor , the BLU-109 , and is a "  relatively simple weapon , " according to information posted by the military 's Defense Threat Reduction Agency . "  The MOP relies on gravity to turn its massive weight into tremendous kinetic energy . Designed to penetrate supposedly untouchable facilities in one piece , the MOP will defeat our adversaries '  weapons of mass destruction  before they leave the ground , " according to the description on the website . Air Force Lt. Gen. James Kowalski talked about the bomb in a speech in suburban Washington in September when discussing Air Force capabilities to deliver long-range payloads , saying the MOP "  giv  es  the warfighter increased capability against hardened and deeply buried targets . "	"  The system 's not aimed at any one country , " Pentagon spokesman says It 's known as the Massive Ordinance Penetrator , or MOP Said to weigh 15 tons , the bomb can explode 200 feet underground
CNN  -- Thousands of angry demonstrators gathered in Paris Saturday to demand answers over the deaths of three Kurdish women activists found shot dead Thursday in mysterious circumstances . French police union spokesman Christophe Crepin said tensions were high at the protest , which some 15,000 people attended . Officers are expected to arrest a number of people for throwing objects at police , he said . Security was also stepped up at the Turkish Embassy in Paris . The French investigation into the slayings of the three Kurdish women -- named by Turkish officials as Sakine Cansiz , Fidan Dogan and Leyla Soylemez -- is ongoing . Read more : How Paris killings could renew Kurdish flashpoint Cansiz , the oldest of the three women murdered in the Paris offices of the Information Center for Kurdistan , was famous for being a co-founder of the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK . Turkey , the United States and the European Union label the PKK a terrorist organization . There is still no clear evidence as to what lies behind the apparent assassinations . Read more : 3 Kurdish women political activists shot dead in Paris But many in Turkey fear that the triple murder could derail delicate peace talks between the Turkish government and the PKK , which launched a guerrilla war against the Turkish state nearly 30 years ago . Kurdish activists have pointed the finger at possible Turkish involvement , while political leaders in Turkey have nodded to a possible feud within the PKK . Report : Turkey 's Kurdish conflict has turned more violent Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan called on the French authorities Saturday to find the killers , the semiofficial Anatolian news agency reported . He also questioned why French President Francois Hollande had said the women were involved in talks with French officials . "  How can France hold talks with these people who are members of PKK that was also declared terrorist organization by the EU ? " Erdogan is quoted as saying . Turkey had contacted French authorities in November about the presence of Cansiz , he said . The activist was previously detained in Germany in 2007 but Turkey 's extradition request was not met , he added . An autopsy Friday found that two of the women were killed by three gunshot wounds to the head and the third by four shots to the head , a spokeswoman for the Paris prosecutor 's office told CNN . Erdogan had previously suggested the deaths "  could be an internal settling of scores , or it could be an initiative that was taken to create an obstacle in the way of the new honest steps we are taking , " according to the Anatolian news agency . But the PKK rejected suggestions that the killings were part of an internal feud . Read more : Turkish town on Syrian border deals with fighting , ethnic differences In a statement published by the Firat News Agency , a pro-PKK web portal , the PKK 's Executive Committee blamed the murders on "  international powers and the Turkish gladio . " "  Gladio " refers to alleged shadowy paramilitary groups accused of carrying out acts of political violence on behalf of the Turkish state . "  It is not possible for this bloody attack to be carried out in a central place like this without the support of international intelligence services and states , " the PKK added . The Turkish government issued a security warning to Turkish diplomatic missions in France and throughout Europe . Read more : Turkey police crack down on Kurds Several hundred mostly Kurdish demonstrators gathered for a rain-soaked but peaceful protest in front of the French Consulate in Istanbul on Friday . A Kurdish lawmaker told CNN that the bodies of all three Kurdish activists were expected to be sent from France to Turkey for funerals . "  This could be a bullet that is shot in the head of the peace talks , " said Sebahat Tuncel , a parliament member from the pro-Kurdish Peace and Democracy Party , speaking to CNN after Friday 's peaceful protest . But , she added , "  we should not suspend a possible peace process . " Read more : Kurdistan officials hope Iraq will allow Turkish minister in Kurdish activists accuse the Turkish government of decades of discriminatory policies against the country 's largest ethnic group . Turkish security forces have arrested thousands of Kurds in recent years on suspicion of terrorist activities . Last fall , the Turkish government initiated a new attempt at dialogue with Ocalan . The PKK leader is serving a life sentence in a prison on the Turkish island of Imrali . "  We knew achieving peace would be difficult , we knew there would be provocations ... we did not expect them to happen in France , " said Tuncel , the Kurdish lawmaker . More than 40,000 people have been killed in one of the Middle East 's longest-running conflicts . Read more : Syria rebels , Kurdish militia discuss cease-fire Journalists Dheepthi Namasivayam and Charles Pellegrin contributed to this report .	Demonstrators rally in Paris to protest the killing of three Kurdish women activists A French investigation into the triple murder continues Turkey 's prime minister calls on the French authorities to find the killers Speculation is rife over any link between the deaths and peace talks with the PKK
The trial of former Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy on charges of inciting the murders of at least three protesters in 2012 has been postponed until February 1 because he did not appear in court Wednesday . Morsy is charged alongside 14 other members of the Muslim Brotherhood . If convicted , they could face the death penalty . The second session in their trial was due to take place Wednesday , after a chaotic opening hearing in November . But according to a letter read by the judge in court , the helicopter that was transporting Morsy from prison could not take off due to poor weather conditions -- despite earlier reports in state media that the ousted President had arrived in court . One of Morsy 's co-defendants , former Parliamentarian Essam el-Erian , told reporters from the stand before the session that the trial was a "  political vendetta . " El-Erian , the vice chairman of the Muslim Brotherhood 's political wing , the Freedom and Justice Party , was arrested in October . He said Morsy is still the legitimate elected President and is still not being allowed to meet with lawyers or family . "  Our stance is still the same . This is an unjust trial . This is an unconstitutional trial , " el-Erian said . The judge made the public prosecution responsible for bringing Morsy to the hearing on February 1 . Lawyer Ramy Ghanem told CNN it 's up to the judge to decide whether or not to proceed with a hearing if a defendant already in custody is not present . Morsy has yet to accept legal representation , so he had no lawyer to represent him in court Wednesday . A lawyer appointed by the Freedom and Justice Party to represent him did not show up . Egypt 's interim Cabinet officially labels Muslim Brotherhood a terrorist group Morsy supporters , security forces clash A number of Morsy supporters gathered Wednesday morning outside the police academy where the trial session was to be held . Some were arrested because of skirmishes with police , according to Nile TV . Hundreds of protesters also staged a pro-Morsy demonstration after prayers at al-Salam mosque in Cairo 's eastern Nasr City area . According to state media and the Muslim Brotherhood 's website , they clashed with security forces that fired tear gas . According to the state-run newspaper Al-Ahram , the protesters had planned to march to the nearby police academy . Meanwhile , roads leading to Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the scene of many mass public protests , were closed after calls from pro-Morsy forces to march in support of the ousted President during the trial . Morsy , who was deposed by the military amid widespread protest of his rule , has been in detention since early July . The charges stem from December 2012 protests over a constitution that Morsy shepherded into effect . Egyptian authorities have accused the former President and his staff of ordering supporters to attack protesters outside the presidential palace after guards and members of the Interior Ministry refused to do it . Morsy has said he does n't recognize the court 's authority , claiming he still is Egypt 's legitimate President . Muslim Brotherhood members have continued their protests , even though the government declared the group a terrorist organization last month . The government has threatened to arrest anyone who attends Muslim Brotherhood protests or provides financial support to the organization . Egypt is due to hold a referendum on January 14 and 15 on a new constitution that would ban religious parties and put more power in the hands of the military .	The second session in the trial of Mohamed Morsy is postponed until February Morsy supporters clash with security forces by courthouse and in Cairo 's Nasr City The former Egyptian President is being tried with 14 other Muslim Brotherhood members Morsy has been in detention since he was forced from power in July
CNN  -- As a generation , millennials have been called coddled , under-qualified , whiny and , recently , "  screwed . " Apparently , both our egos and our grade point averages are wildly inflated . Thanks for your input , everyone . I 'm listening . But there 's a time for taking constructive criticism , and there 's a time to take it personally . What better time than now ? It 's fight or flight at this point . Some cards are stacked against us  a rough job market and poor economy , for starters  , and now we can add to that a serious PR problem . We have never looked worse . Because of all that , we 've got a chip on our shoulders . We 're frustrated , angry , tired and scared â $ " the ultimate underdogs . But I think we deserve more credit , and it 's up to us to prove it . A millennial 's plea : We must vote Ours are the hands that will shape the next decade â $ " culturally , socially and economically . So instead of thinking about being "  millennial " as something that happened to us , why do n't we figure out how we will define it ? Despite the headlines , we 've proven to be a pretty smart , organized and resourceful generation already . Here are some reasons to be hopeful about what millennials will do in the decades to come , and how we members of "  Generation Y Me ? " can make it out of our current crisis . We 're brave There are plenty of young people accomplishing feats and pushing boundaries right now , and I 'm glad they 're on team millennial . Take Alex Morse , for example . He 's the 23-year-old mayor of Holyoke , Massachusetts , the town where he grew up . Since he took office in January , Morse has focused on increasing traffic to Holyoke 's downtown and created a new government position to promote local art . He also happens to be openly gay and surprised many people by getting elected at all . Morse says he frequently speaks with other motivated young people and believes despite its sometimes bad rap , the millennial generation is ambitious . What they do n't teach you in college : Job-seeking as a millennial "  I would n't be here today if I listened to the people who told me I was too young to be mayor , " he says . "  Make a decision about what your goal is , and your life has to revolve around what that goal is . " The young mayor believes there 's a logical place to start for millennials looking to change the world . "  People often think they have to go to a capital city or to a different city to improve their community , but what better place to improve than where you come from , " he says . "  If we all improve the communities we were born and raised in , that could go a long way in improving our country . " Maya Enista Smith , the chief operating officer at Mobilize.org , is another millennial all-star . And she believes in us , too . The first-generation American is 28 now , but when she was just 17 she helped to register 30,000 voters as East Coast coordinator for the "  Rock the Vote " initiative . For the past seven years she has worked at Mobilize , an organization dedicated to empowering and investing in millennials , who Smith thinks are "  uniquely positioned " to solve the challenges the United States is facing . "  What typifies this generation is they have a real idealism and hopefulness about what the future is going to look like in our hands , " Smith says . We 're skilled and driven Remember not too long ago when we were clawing each other 's eyes out to get into college ? Memories of that level of crazed intensity make me cringe  let 's try to forget the day I cried over a bowl of tomato soup in the cafeteria about a bad quiz grade  , but also suggest that as a generation , we ca n't be all that lazy . Cash-strapped millennials curate style via social media Maybe the biggest source of hope is how "  overscheduled " we were as children . Our parents were criticized for enrolling us in Little League , ballet class and science camp all at once . But when you think about it , we "  overscheduled " kids might be the uber project managers of the future . We 're built to multitask , and we 're not afraid to learn and adapt . Though mean overall SAT scores have gone down a bit since the 1970s , math scores have actually gotten better , according to the College Board . The percentage of students ages 14 to 17 who are enrolled in school has increased over time , from 84 % in 1950 to 94 % in 1970 to 97 % in 2010 . Plus , many more American children are bilingual now than they were in the past . According to the National Center for Education Statistics , the number of school-age children who spoke a language other than English at home increased from 4.7 million to 11.2 million between 1980 and 2009 â $ " up from 10 % to 21 % . And their English skills are increasing . Among children who do n't speak English at home , the percentage who spoke English "  with difficulty " dropped from 41 % in 1980 to 24 % in 2009 . We 're the future , like it or not I 'm not denying that we 're facing some huge challenges . But that 's an exciting jam to be in . It 's likely that a member of our generation will solve some of the questions currently keeping us up at night : Will our government ever come together in a spirit of compromise to enact laws that will help us all ? How will the music industry make money despite the overwhelming number of people downloading ? What is our best source of low-cost energy ? How can the journalism industry position itself to create more revenue ? Someone will eventually answer those questions or create new industries that render the problems obsolete . Millennials ' time to shine comes at a precipitous moment in history . When I was wrestling with a constraining university newspaper budget , a frustrated professor told me , "  If you can figure that out , you 'll have saved the journalism industry . " Why not ? It 's time to stop letting other generations tell us who we are and find out for ourselves . Are you a millennial who is tired of being counted out ? Do you agree with the criticisms of millennials ? Share your take in the comments section below . "  Like " CNN Living on Facebook . The opinions expressed here are solely those of Maria LaMagna .	Millennial Maria LaMagna says her generation is n't as "  screwed " as some have argued Called coddled and over-stimulated , millennials are the first "  plugged in " generation LaMagna says millennials ' competitiveness and multitasking will help them creatively Millennials are poised to be the generation to solve the planet 's ills , she says
CNN  -- Pirates have struck again , this time capturing a Greek cargo ship in waters off Somalia on Thursday evening , a Greek government spokesman said . The ship was seized in the Gulf of Aden on its way to South Korea with a load of iron , an official with Greece 's Merchant Marine Ministry said . The ship , the "  Titan , " has a crew of 24 and is owned by Albamar Shipping , the official said . Seventeen crew members are Filipino , three are Greek , three are Romanian and one is Ukrainian , the official said . Pirating off the coast of Somalia has increased over the past four or five years as fishermen from Somalia realize that pirating is more lucrative . The crime , which is hard to prevent , has raised concerns internationally . In 2008 , pirates attacked nearly 100 vessels and hijacked as many as 40 off Somalia , according to the International Maritime Bureau . In response , two Japanese destroyers set sail last week on an anti-piracy mission off Somalia , the Japanese defense ministry said .	Pirates seize Greek cargo ship the "  Titan " off Somlia , crew of 24 on board Nearly 100 vessels were attacked by pirates in 2008 , many off Somalia Two Japanese destroyers set sail on anti-piracy mission off Somalia last week
CNN  -- European and American leaders weighed the pros and cons of arming Libya 's rebels Wednesday -- a possibility made more urgent by a series of new military setbacks for forces seeking to topple strongman Moammar Gadhafi . Government forces have been pushing from Bin Jawad to Ras Lanuf , a critical eastern oil town that the opposition seized on Sunday . Gadhafi 's military has also launched escalated strikes in the western town of Misrata . The new offensive was launched in the wake of an international arms embargo and air strike campaign designed to establish a no-fly zone and provide humanitarian relief for civilians threatened by the Libyan military . British Prime Minister David Cameron told the House of Commons Wednesday that the United Nations Security Council mandate "  allows all necessary measures to protect civilians and populated areas  and  this would not necessarily rule out provision of assistance to those protecting civilians in certain circumstances . " "  As I 've said before , we do not rule it out but we have not taken the decision to do so , " he said . U.S. President Barack Obama said Tuesday he is also open to the possibility of arming rebel fighters . "  I 'm not ruling it out , but I 'm also not ruling it in , " he told NBC . In a separate interview with ABC , Obama said that "  if we wanted to get weapons into Libya , we probably could . ... We 're looking at all our options at this point . " One significant problem , however , is the need to train opposition forces on how to use advanced weaponry . "  The notion of the gang that could n't shoot straight might be lived out , " retired Maj. Gen. James "  Spider " Marks told CNN Tuesday night . "  There must be some degree of training associated with arming this force , " said Marks , a former commanding general of the U.S. Army Intelligence Center . "  However , some weapons systems , clearly they can get a handle on and they can use immediately . It 's the more lethal weapon systems that would require training , and I do n't think there 's time to do that . " Another problem : a possible al Qaeda and Hezbollah presence within Libya 's rebel movement . U.S. intelligence has detected evidence of "  flickers " of al Qaeda and Hezbollah elements among the rebels , according to Adm. James Stavridis , the U.S. NATO commander . Stavridis stressed Tuesday , however , that such a presence appears to be minimal . "  The intelligence that I 'm receiving at this point makes me feel that the leadership that I 'm seeing are responsible men and women who are struggling against Col. Gadhafi , " Stavridis told a congressional committee . Stavridis 's comments come the same day that U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton met with leaders of Libya 's opposition in London . A senior counterterrorism official , unnamed because he is not authorized to speak on the record , backed up Stavridis ' assessment , downplaying the concern about al Qaeda among the Libyan opposition . There is probably "  a sprinkling of extremists to perhaps include al Qaeda " in Libya among the rebels , "  but no one should think the opposition is being led by al Qaeda or one of its affiliates , " the official said . Al Qaeda has had a presence in North Africa for years . "  It 's hard to tell who all the leaders are in the opposition , " the official said , but "  the rebels do not appear to be adopting an al Qaeda bent or ideology in Libya . " White House Press Secretary Jay Carney told reporters Tuesday that the rebel leaders meeting with Clinton "  made clear what their principles are . " "  We believe that  their principles are  meritorious , " Carney said . CNN 's Reza Sayah , Alan Silverleib , Tom Cohen , Arwa Damon , Nic Robertson , Amir Ahmed , Paula Newton and Yousuf Basil contributed to this report	British and American leaders are openly considering arming the Libyan rebels The rebels have suffered military setbacks this week The rebels would likely need training to use advanced weaponry An al Qaeda and Hezbollah presence among the rebels is a concern
Haryana , India  CNN  -- She 's just 16 years old and one month ago was about to sit her final-year exams when she says she was shoved into a car and gang-raped by eight men in a small village in the Indian state of Haryana . "  I remember being driven by the canal , all the guys were standing there then four more boys came on a motorbike , " said the teenager , who had been hoping to be the first female high school graduate in her family . "  There were approximately 12 men . Eight men raped me , they then fed me a pill , they filmed the whole thing and left . " The teenager kept her ordeal secret for 10 days before her mother noticed something was wrong . "  She would just lie in bed all day , she would n't talk , she would n't eat , I thought she was ill . Those rapists had threatened to kill our family and show the video to the entire village if she opened her mouth , " she said . The 16-year-old 's mother also remained silent . "  People told me to forget about what had happened . They said this is a matter of your daughter 's reputation . Who will marry her if people find out she was raped ? Let it be , do n't make a big deal , " she said . Bollywood star : The Truth Alone Prevails When her father heard about the rape video , he could n't live with the thought of his daughter 's pain and how she would be judged by society , her mother said . He committed suicide by swallowing pesticides . Devastated by his death , the teenager vowed to seek justice , not only for herself but other rape victims in Haryana , many of whom are too scared to report the crime . "  It happens a lot with dalit -LSB- lower caste -RSB- girls but they keep quiet because they fear for their reputation . I probably would not have spoken up either but I did n't want my father 's sacrifice to go to waste , " she said . Police say all eight of the accused rapists have been arrested and are awaiting trial . In the past month , at least 17 other young women have reported rapes in Haryana , a relatively sparsely-populated state in the country 's northwest . In 2011 , 733 rapes were reported throughout the state , a fraction of the 24,206 cases alleged throughout the country over the full year . While more than 24,000 rapes were reported , convictions were only recorded for just over one quarter of cases , according to the National Crime Records Bureau  NCRB  . Local police say the incidence of rape has fallen in Haryana over recent months , and that recent cases have attracted "  hype . " "  The nature of the crime created hype in the number of rape cases registered in Haryana , " said Satish Balan , Police Superintendent of the Hisar district . "  In two cases there were suicides which led to media coverage of rapes in Haryana otherwise the number of rapes registered has come down by 15 % . This is the truth . " Some local politicians blame progress and the proliferation of modern technology like mobile phones , internet , television and films for encouraging sex attacks . However , women 's rights groups say the increasing gap between the number of men and women in Haryana is one of the main contributors . The 2011 National census revealed there were 877 females for every 1,000 males in the state , compared with the national ratio of 940 females to 1,000 males . High incidences of female feticide in Haryana are largely to blame for the imbalance , say rights groups , who say families traditionally value boys over girls . Government of India census results Provisional population results The khap panchayats , or the self-appointed village caste councils , which have no legal authority , have suggested that lowering the legal age for marriage could cut the incidences of rape . "  The marriageable age for girls , which is 18 right now should be changed to 16 or 15 so then these cases will decrease , these will be stopped , " council member Jitendra Chhattar told CNN . The United Nations says lowering the marriageable age is not a solution . In an open letter to the country 's minister for Women and Child Development , Krishna Tirath , four U.N. agencies urged the Indian government to give the issue urgent attention . "  Child marriage is not a solution to protecting girls from sexual crimes including rape . In fact , child marriage denies a girl of her childhood , disrupts her education , limits her opportunities , increases her risk to be a victim of violence , jeopardizes her health and therefore constitutes an obstacle to the achievement of nearly every Millennium Development Goal and the development of healthy communities , " the letter said . Tirath told CNN in an interview Thursday that she strongly condemned the cases of rape being reported in Haryana . "  I will be taking the issue up with the Chief Minister of Haryana to take strict and stringent action to ensure that safety and security of women is not compromised in anyway . We are already working on the issues on the child-sex ratio and giving it the highest priority , " she said . Opinion : Make schools safe for girls everywhere	The teenager kept her rape ordeal secret for 10 days When her father heard about his daughter 's suffering he killed himself by swallowing pesticide Local police say rape incidents have fallen in Haryana over recent months , and that recent cases have attracted "  hype " Women 's rights groups say there is an increasing gap between the number of men and women in Haryana
CNN  If you have not been following the case of Barronelle Stutzman , you should be . Stutzman is the Washington florist who has been sued for living out her Christian beliefs . In 2013 , a long-time friend and customer came to her flower shop and asked her to provide flowers for his gay wedding . Stutzman had known this man and had done business with him for about nine years . Nevertheless , she told him that she could not participate in his wedding "  because of my relationship with Jesus . " The man 's partner subsequently spread the word via social media . As a result , the attorney general of Washington State sued Stutzman for violating the state 's anti-discrimination law . The two men also sued her in their personal capacity and were represented by the ACLU . As a result of these lawsuits , Stutzman stands to lose her business , her home , and her personal savings . Her whole life hangs in the balance with this case . Yesterday , a Washington State judge issued a summary judgment that went against her . Stutzman 's legal team put out this statement explaining what this means : A state judge ruled Wednesday that Washington floral artist and grandmother Barronelle Stutzman must provide full support for wedding ceremonies that are contrary to her faith . The court also ruled recently that both the state and the same-sex couple , who each filed lawsuits against her , may collect damages and attorneys fees not only from her business , but from Stutzman personally . That means the 70-year-old grandmother may not only lose her business , but also her home and savings because she lives her life and operates her business according to her beliefs . "  The message of these rulings is unmistakable : The government will bring about your personal and professional ruin if you do n't help celebrate same-sex marriage , " said Kristen Waggoner , senior counsel for Alliance Defending Freedom , who argued before the court in December . The decision against Stutzman sets a dreadful precedent against our first freedom in the Bill of Rights : religious liberty . The court says that she is free to believe what she wants , but not to practice her religious beliefs . The court has ruled that if she wants to run a business in the state of Washington , she must defy her conscience and participate in same-sex weddings . If she does not , then the full coercive power of the state -- as well as civil liability -- will be brought against her . Keep in mind that Stutzman does not refuse service to gay people . Indeed she had been selling flowers to this gay couple for nine years . She has also employed gay people in her flower shop . She had a friendship with the man suing her and cared for him personally and wished for her relationship with him to continue . She simply could not defy her conscience and lend her creative talent to help celebrate what her faith says she can not celebrate . She had no idea that staying true to her faith would end up threatening her entire livelihood and savings . We are witnessing a shift in our society -- a shift which inevitably leads to Christians being treated as pariahs at every level of our national life . Louie Giglio 's Christian views on marriage got him removed from the President 's inauguration . Brendan Eich 's support for traditional marriage got him dismissed as CEO of Mozilla . Kelvin Cochran 's Christian faith got him fired from his position as fire chief of Atlanta . Two bakers in Oregon had to shutter their business and are now facing bankruptcy for refusing to participate in a gay wedding . The stories are mounting . Who will be next ? This summer , the Supreme Court will rule on gay marriage , and many observers expect the ruling to be a Roe v. Wade-type legal landmark , perhaps declaring a constitutional right to same-sex marriage . The Congress may consider again a version of the Employment Non-Discrimination Act , which would make sexual orientation and gender identity into protected classes . This means that what is happening to Barronelle Stutzman in Washington State could be happening to Christians nationwide in very short order . Barronelle Stutzman 's case is nothing less than an egregious violation of our first freedom . It is Caesar saying , "  Conscience be damned . Submit to the new sexual orthodoxy or risk losing everything . " This is not tolerance . This is injustice that flies in the face of this nation 's laws and traditions . And if this kind of thing can be done to a 70-year-old grandmother running a small flower shop in rural Washington State , then it can be done to you . No one 's conscience is safe if this precedent becomes the norm .	Barronelle Stutzman was sued for not providing flowers for a same-sex wedding . On Thursday , a Washington State judge ruled against Stutzman
NASA 's rover Curiosity successfully carried out a highly challenging landing on Mars early Monday , transmitting images back to Earth after traveling hundreds of millions of miles through space to explore the red planet . Scientists praised the landing Monday . "  This is a stunning achievement . The engineering went flawlessly , " said Scott Hubbard , who was the first Mars program director at NASA headquarters and is now a consulting professor at Stanford University . The 10 science instruments aboard Curiosity are in "  perfect health , " and testing and calibration are under way , NASA said Monday . Some rover team specialists are analyzing the data from the landing , while others are preparing Curiosity for exploring Gale Crater , where it landed , NASA said . On its first full day on Mars , the rover is tasked with raising its high-gain antenna , enabling it to communicate directly with Earth at higher data rates . The primary method of transmitting data is through the orbiters , because that is more energy-efficient . When asked whether anything had gone wrong during the landing , Jennifer Trosper , a mission manager with NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in California , said simply , "  No . " "  There 's a lot ahead of us , but so far we are just ecstatic about the performance of the vehicle , " she told reporters at an afternoon news conference . She said the rover will start sending weather data Tuesday but some of the "  exciting science " wo n't begin for about nine Mars days . "  It does take time to check out the vehicle , " she said . Social media sites were bubbling with posts from enthusiastic Earthlings on Monday . The rover even has its own Twitter account , @MarsCuriosity . It informs readers : "  FYI , I aim to send bigger , color pictures from Mars later this week once I 've got my head up & Mastcam active #MSL " Meet a rover driver : His car is on Mars The $ 2.6 billion Curiosity made its dramatic arrival on Martian terrain in a spectacle popularly known as the "  seven minutes of terror . " This jaw-dropping landing process , involving a sky crane and the world 's largest supersonic parachute , allowed the spacecraft carrying Curiosity to target the landing area that scientists had meticulously chosen . The mission control in the Jet Propulsion Laboratory burst into cheers as the rover touched down Monday morning . Team members hugged and high-fived one another as Curiosity beamed back the first pictures from the planet , while some shed tears . At the news conference , NASA showed off some of the initial images , including one of Mount Sharp , which rises 3.4 miles above the floor of the Gale Crater , according to NASA . "  We can see more clearly these pebbles all over the ground , " said Joy Crisp , a deputy project scientist with the mission . "  We can see that it is very flat . ... There are no obstacles for driving -LSB- the few miles from the landing site -RSB- " to Mount Sharp . Scientists can not tell yet how easy it will be to scoop up the surface material , she said . "  I think the science team has a lot of work to do to figure out how were these materials put there , " she said . "  Was water involved ? We do n't know yet . " President Barack Obama weighed in on the historic moment . "  The successful landing of Curiosity -- the most sophisticated roving laboratory ever to land on another planet -- marks an unprecedented feat of technology that will stand as a point of national pride far into the future , " Obama said in a statement congratulating the NASA employees who had worked on the project . The scientific community reacted with a mixture of elation and relief . "  Rationally I know it was supposed to work all along , but emotionally it always seemed completely crazy , " said James Wray , assistant professor at Georgia Tech , who is affiliated with the science team of Curiosity . "  So to see all those steps being ticked off and actually working , it 's a huge relief . " The initial images the SUV-size rover sent back to Earth were black and white and grainy , but one showed its wheel resting on the stony ground , and the vehicle 's shadow appeared in another . More space and science news from CNN Light Years A camera on NASA 's Mars Reconnaissance Orbiter captured an image of the 2,000-pound rover with its parachute still attached as it made its way down toward Gale Crater . At that point , the rover was about two miles from the planet 's surface . The spacecraft had been traveling away from Earth since November 26 on a journey of about 352 million miles  567 million kilometers  , according to NASA . Curiosity , which will be controlled from the Jet Propulsion Laboratory , has a full suite of sophisticated tools for exploring Mars . They include 17 cameras , a laser that can survey the composition of rocks from a distance and instruments that can analyze samples from soil or rocks . The aim of its work is "  to assess whether Mars ever had an environment able to support small life forms , " NASA said . Curiosity 's first stop was Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake . After at least a year , the rover will arrive at Mount Sharp , in the center of the crater . The rover will drive up the mountain examining layers of sediment . This process is like looking at a historical record because each layer represents an era of the planet 's history , scientists said . The phenomenon of sedimentary layers is remarkably similar to what is seen on Earth , in California 's Death Valley or in Glacier National Park in Montana , said John Grotzinger , chief scientist of the Mars Science Laboratory mission . Rocks and minerals found on Earth are different than on Mars , but the idea of a mountain made of layers is familiar to scientists . Unlike on Earth , however , Mars has no plate tectonics , so the Martian layers are flat and not disrupted as they would be on Earth . That also means that Mount Sharp was formed in a different way than how mountains are created on Earth -- no one knows how . Images : Exploring Mars In these layers , scientists are looking for organic molecules , which are necessary to create life . But even if Curiosity finds them , that 's not proof that life existed -- after all , these molecules are found in bus exhaust and meteorites , too , said Steve Squyres , part of the Mars Science Laboratory science team . If there are n't any organics , that may suggest there 's something on the planet destroying these molecules , said Georgia Tech 's Wray . But if Curiosity detects them , Wray said , that might help scientists move from asking , "  Was Mars ever habitable ? " to "  Did Mars actually host life ? " Curiosity 's mission is also significant in an era when NASA 's budgets are shrinking and China is becoming more ambitious in its space exploration program . "  I feel like it 's a signal that we have the capability to do big and exciting things in the future . " said Carol Paty , assistant professor at Georgia Tech 's School of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences . "  You ca n't not be excited . " Liquid water is not something scientists expect to be apparent on Mars because the planet is so cold and dry , Squyres said . If the planet does harbor liquid water today , it would have to be deep below the surface , perhaps peeking out in a few special places , but not likely to be seen by Curiosity , Squyres said . Rover to search for clues to life on Mars It 's hard to know how long ago liquid water would have been there because there 's no mechanism to date the rocks that rovers find on Mars , Squyres said . Evidence from the spacecraft NASA has sent to Mars so far suggests that the "  warm and wet " period on the planet lasted for the first billion years of the planet 's history . "  In order to create life , you need both the right environmental conditions -- which include liquid water -- and you need the building blocks from which life is built , which includes organics , " Squyres said . The Mars Science Laboratory is a precursor mission to sharper technology that could do life detection , Grotzinger said . There are n't specific molecules that scientists are looking for with Curiosity . The attitude is : "  Let 's go to an interesting place with good tools and find out what 's there , " Squyres said . What do you think about the Mars mission ? Go to iReport Curiosity is supposed to last for two years on Mars , but it may operate longer -- after all , Spirit and Opportunity , which arrived on Mars in 2004 , were each only supposed to last 90 Martian days . Spirit stopped communicating with NASA in 2010 after getting stuck in sand , and Opportunity is still going . "  You take what Mars gives you , " said Squyres , also the lead scientist on the Mars Exploration Rover Mission , which includes Spirit and Opportunity . "  If we knew what we were going to find , it would n't be this much fun . "	Testing and calibration are under way , NASA says President Barack Obama hails "  an unprecedented feat of technology " Rover Curiosity 's first stop is Gale Crater , which may have once contained a lake The vehicle will be controlled from NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory
CNN  Lewis Hamilton laid down a daunting marker for his Formula One rivals at Saturday 's qualifying for the opening race of the 2015 season . The world champion will start on pole for the Australian Grand Prix , as he did last year and has done on three other occasions in his career . While the British driver failed to finish the 2014 race -- the only time he did not convert first on the grid to first at the checkered flag -- he is more hopeful this time as he seeks his first victory in Melbourne since winning his only other world title back in 2008 . Hamilton was over half a second quicker than Mercedes teammate Nico Rosberg , and nearly 1.4 seconds faster than third-placed Felipe Massa of Williams . "  We had a difficult season last year here , so definitely as a team , as a whole , we 're hoping for a better start , for both cars to succeed tomorrow , " the 30-year-old said . "  So we 're going to work as hard as we can to make sure we do that and lots of work to be done tonight for the race tomorrow , because that is going to be a huge challenge still and obviously a good fight , hopefully , with Nico . " Rosberg , runner-up in last year 's championship amid considerable tension between the two drivers , said his teammate "  drove like a champ . " "  Lewis was in impressive form today , he did an awesome job and nailed it all the time , " said the German , who had an engine cutout in the second session and then ran wide in Q3 . "  For me , the speed was there but I just did n't get it together today . So it was n't a great day . "  Lewis was quick but I did n't get my laps together today so I 'm not too worried about pace -- I 'm not worried about pace at all . On Friday , in the long runs , my pace was very strong so yeah , hopefully it can be the other way tomorrow . " The veteran Massa said he achieved his goal of being the "  best of the rest " as he finished just ahead of Ferrari 's new signing Sebastian Vettel and the German 's teammate Kimi Raikkonen . "  The Ferraris looked strong and were pushing us hard , " said the Brazilian , who has failed to finish in seven of 12 starts at Albert Park including last year . "  It will be a tough battle tomorrow so we need to get the start right and have a good strategy to secure a podium and really start the season on a high note . " Massa 's Williams teammate Valtteri Bottas qualified sixth but will face a fitness test on Sunday morning after experiencing back pain in the first two sessions . Four-time world champion Vettel played down Ferrari 's big improvement on last season 's speed . "  Let 's keep our feet on the ground . So far this weekend , it 's gone well and we 've had no problems with the car , " said the former Red Bull star . "  It 's a shame that third place escaped us , as that would have made us the first team behind Mercedes , but it was n't by much . We lost third place because my first run was n't quick enough : I 'm not very pleased with myself , because there was still some performance to be found . "  First and second are a long way in front , but anything can happen during the grand prix . There 's not much of a gap between third and fourth on the grid , so I think the podium is a realistic goal . " Last year Vettel was upstaged by new teammate Daniel Ricciardo , who qualified second and then finished runner-up in his home race only to be disqualified for a fuel-flow infringement . On Sunday he will start in seventh place as Red Bull 's Renault-powered car struggled to match the Mercedes engines , while Vettel 's replacement Daniil Kvyat was 13th after failing to reach Q3 . "  We suffered a bit this time last year , but there are a few more issues this year which were n't expected , " said Ricciardo , who was third in the 2014 championship . "  I 'm really happy with seventh as realistically that 's the best we could have done today . " Red Bull 's feeder team Toro Rosso had an encouraging start with its two rookie drivers . Carlos Sainz Jnr. , son of the former rally champion , qualified eighth while Dutch 17-year-old Max Verstappen -- whose father Jos raced in F1 -- was 12th . Lotus rounded out the top 10 with Romain Grosjean ninth ahead of teammate Pastor Maldonado . Sauber 's new pairing of Felipe Nasri and Marcus Ericsson qualified 11th and 16th respectively after they were able to take to the track when last season 's reserve driver Giedo van der Garde waived his court-won right to line up in Melbourne . The Dutchman , who was successful in his legal battle to have an agreement for a race seat upheld , released a statement after Friday 's practice sessions saying he would continue to negotiate with Sauber to resolve the situation . McLaren , meanwhile , confirmed all the preseason evidence that its new relationship with engine supplier Honda is yet to bear fruit . With Marussia having failed to get its hastily-prepared car ready in time , the English team -- which has won 12 drivers ' titles and eight constructors ' crowns -- will start at the back of the grid . Former world champion Jenson Button was 17th and Kevin Magnussen -- filling in for new signing Fernando Alonso , who is recovering from concussion -- was 18th . "  This level of performance was n't a surprise for us : we knew from winter testing that the pace was n't there , so we knew we were n't going to be competitive here , " Button said . "  However , there 's a good feeling about the car -- I know we 're so far off , but the basic car is there beneath me , and we 're adding to our experience and learning with every lap we do . "  It 's going to be a really difficult race for us -- we have n't done a race distance yet , and my longest run is 12 laps -- but we want to do the best we can because there 's so much learning to be had . " Like us on Facebook	World champion Lewis Hamilton will start opening race of 2015 on pole position Hamilton significantly quicker than Mercedes teammate in Melbourne
CNN  -- They say football can take over your life and now German Bundesliga side FC Schalke 04 have taken that adage to its extremes . Schalke fans have long filled Germany 's leading football arenas with the chant "  Ein Leben lang , Blau und WeiÃŸ ein Leben lang "  "  a lifelong blue and white "  but now , the club has ensured that such devotion can officially last a lifetime -- and beyond . For devotees of the side lying second in the Bundesliga and currently topping their European Champions League group can , from next month onwards , be laid to rest in a cemetery specifically made for Schalke fans -- one which lies in sight of the team 's Veltins-Arena home in Gelsenkirchen . "  You can start your life with Schalke 04 by getting baptized , you can get married at the stadium and now you can be buried at the Schalke cemetery , " Schalke 's public relations officer Sonja Berger told CNN . "  The Schalke cemetery is a unique project and as far as we know there is nothing comparable in Europe . " The rising fortunes of the Royal Blues have been assisted in recent years by signings of the caliber of former Real Madrid star Raul Gonzalez and current Dutch striker Klaas-Jan Huntelaar , with Schalke having achieved four second-place finishes in the Bundesliga since the turn of the century and reached the last four of the Champions League in 2011 . Off the pitch , the club has also been growing . Three years ago , Schalke opened a delivery room in the maternity wing of a hospital close to the Veltins-Arena , so that newborns can enter the world in a room with blue and white coloring and where Schalke logos and images adorn the walls . With the club also providing baptisms and weddings , the introduction of the cemetery project -- which is known as the Schalke Fan Feld -- takes the array of services offered by the club into the afterlife as well . However , adverse weather conditions have delayed the opening of the historic cemetery -- which features 1,904 plots in commemoration of the year the club was founded -- until the middle of December but fans are already snapping up the limited places . Given that the team with seven championship crowns  albeit with the last dating back to 1958  has long been one of Germany 's most popular sides , plots at a stadium-shaped cemetery -- which will be bedecked in blue-and-white flowers surrounding a tiny rectangular "  pitch " featuring two goals and a floral Schalke emblem -- may not last long with over 100 having already been taken . This is despite a cost of $ 6,639  5,406 Euros  , a price which does not benefit the Bundesliga club itself but which does guarantee 25 years of grave maintenance , as provided by a company headed up by local real estate agent , and former Schalke trialist , Ender Ulupinar . With no current plans to extend the one-off project beyond the 1,904 graves available , the Schalke cemetery -- which lies within the city 's larger Beckhausen-Sutum cemetery -- will have a certain exclusivity , and one family have already decided to move a late relative 's remains from his initial resting place to this new home . Plots to have already gone include number 04 , for obvious reasons , and number 215 which has been allocated to a fan who wanted it in memory of Schalke 's leading European triumph in 1997 , with the club winning the now-defunct UEFA Cup on 21 May -- or 21/5 . "  For a normal person , I think this decision is insane -- but not for me . I have supported Schalke for almost 26 years now so for me , it 's just an additional way of showing my support . Either you are a really huge fan or just a fair-weather fan -- I am a really huge supporter , I love my club and think it 's a good idea , " Arthur Gore , who is just 34 , told CNN . "  You pay for the care , so no one needs to care for the grave , and for me , it 's like a pioneering project as well , so I am really proud of it . Schalke is part of the culture in Gelsenkirchen because after the mines were closed in our city , there has been a lot of unemployment . "  Without Schalke , there would n't be anything here and the opinion of many people , not just myself , is that the city lives from the club . " When asked whether he had made provision for any future family members , the unmarried sales manager laughed freely before admitting it was a topic he had given little thought to . "  These are questions I have n't thought about yet but I do have a girlfriend . I told her I had bought her a grave but she looked surprised -- as she is not a football fan , she does n't really get it , " replied Gore , who says he was attracted by the "  unique " nature of the offer . "  One of my married friends also wants to buy a plot and I think his wife will understand as she knows that when she married , she married Schalke as well . Otherwise , I am not sure the marriage would work as being a die-hard supporter , which includes traveling the country , takes up a lot of time . " Despite the high cost , Gore is convinced a number of Schalke fans are so devoted to the club that many will soon embark on setting funds aside to buy a plot in future . Meanwhile , Ulupinar -- whose wife runs a cemetery garden business -- says the idea came to him after noticing a mix of Schalke pennants , flags , season tickets , player photos and blue-and-white flowers were already decorating hundreds of gravestones in the western city of Gelsenkirchen . "  The feedback has been very good , not just in terms of the number of graves already taken up , which we did n't expect to be so high , but also in terms of the fan and media interest too -- and it has n't only come from Schalke followers either , but other supporters too , " says Ulupinar , 39 . "  There has been some criticism though , with some people feeling it is not Christian to designate an area of the cemetery for people of a certain , and smaller , group . But on the whole , people like the idea . " Helpfully for Ulupinar , Hans-Joachim Dohm , a retired pastor and Schalke fan himself , has countered the protests by saying that dozens of supporters had been requesting a special final home with links to the club for a number of years . Schalke are not the first football club to open a cemetery for their fans , with Argentina 's Boca Juniors having created one with 3,000 plots in 2007 while South Africa 's Kaizer Chiefs have entered the market in different fashion , offering fans a Funeral Plan which effectively serves as a life insurance policy .	FC Schalke 04 to open stadium shaped cemetery for club 's fans from next month Schalke founded in the year 1904 and the cemetery will contain that number of graves Schalke now provides a birthing room , baptisms , marriages and now a final resting place Boca Juniors of Argentina opened a similar ceremony five years ago
CNN  -- It was once that a cassock , a simple cross and a chalice was all you needed to equip the average church , but now the world of liturgical accessories is a big business . Poland 's SacroExpo is one of the largest trade fairs of its type in the world , hosting displays of everything from bells to church alarm systems and evangelical multimedia . "  We 've even had electronic Bibles and electronic rosaries , confessional boxes with air-conditioning and heating and special priest vestments equipped for war zones , " explains Andrzej Mochoń , President of Targi Kielce , the organizer of SacroExpo . "  The electronic Bibles have been especially popular with the elderly , " he says , referring to the pocket PC-like devices which speak the Old and New Testaments . The trade fair , now in its 13th year in the Polish city of Kielce , is officially called the International Exhibition of Church Construction , Church Fittings and Furnishings and Religious Art . It brings some 300 exhibitors from 15 countries and is now a fixture on the religious circuit . It attracts some 5,000 visitors -- most of these accredited clergy who are in the business of outfitting churches and priests with the accoutrements of the First Estate . Globally the industry is worth an estimated $ 4 billion and runs from big ticket items like expensive musical instruments such as church organs to simple wooden rosary beads , which can sell for as little as a few dollars . "  Probably one of the most expensive everyday item for a church would be a chalice for taking communion , " says Mochoń . "  These can be works of art made of silver or gold and new ones are made in workshops in Germany , the Czech Republic or Italy . " Send in your best images of Poland Some of the strangest items on the exhibitors ' stands are church vestments designed for missions to war zones such as Afghanistan . These include camouflaged cassocks . "  It 's also made of special material to withstand very extreme temperatures , " says Mochoń . There are also highly colored vestments for African priests and plain black favored by Poland 's local Catholic priests . Other items include electric candles , automatic church bells and even heated pews . The company that sells the pews , Polarheat , says that when the temperature in Poland drops to minus 10 degrees celsius it can be as cold as minus 15 in many churches . "  At that temperature , even the communion wine freezes , " says a company spokesman . "  It can be pretty uncomfortable . " Renewable energy is also becoming increasingly popular to heat church properties , according to Mochoń , not least ancient cathedrals which , because of their cold stone , high Gothic arches and vast planes of stained glass windows , are some of the most notoriously cold places in many European cities . Other exhibitors point to new directions for the Catholic Church . A wine company that sells communion wine for Holy Mass reports that priests are favoring whites over reds because the colorless liquid does not make stains on white robes . The showpiece at last year 's event was the reconstructed 18 meter-long "  popemobile " of Pope John Paul II . As well as devotional articles , such as crucifixes and sacral art , the trade fair is also an acknowledgement that churches , especially historic cathedrals , can be expensive to run and need skilled craftsmen to maintain . Among the services displaying at the expo are internal architects , landscape gardeners , experts in cemetery maintenance and craftsmen that specialize in the manufacture of bells . Other services include agents for religious tourism and pilgrimages . Pilgrimages to sites of special devotion have been a big business since the Middle Ages , but the ability of people to travel easily and cheaply has seen Catholic pilgrimages grow into a multi-billion dollar industry . Lourdes in France , believed to be the site of several miracles , regularly attracts more than 5 million pilgrims a year , only slightly below the number one Catholic destination , Rome .	SacroExpo in Poland each June is one of world 's largest church trade shows From electronic bibles to heated pews , ecclesiastic accessories are available Industry supplying church items is estimated to be worth around $ 4 billion Last year 's highlight was a full reconstruction of Pope John Paul II 's ` popemobile '
CNN  A measles outbreak that affected more than 130 Californians since December is over , the California Department of Public Health declared Friday . It has been 42 days since the last known case of B3 strain of measles , the equivalent of two successive incubation periods , said Dr. Karen Smith , director of the health department . The department said in its latest update that 131 people came down with the B3 strain , and five who had a different genotype than the outbreak strain . Of the 131 cases , the state was able to obtain the vaccination status for 81 patients . Of the 81 , 70 % were unvaccinated . "  Prompt investigation of cases , interviewing hundreds of contacts of infected people , vaccinating hundreds of at risk people , and increasing awareness among health care providers about measles , helped to control this outbreak , " Smith said . The outbreak began with dozens of visitors to two Disney theme parks in the state . The health department said 42 of the cases occurred from December 17-20 . Two patients with rashes have been identified in April , but they have a different measles genotype . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said on its website that 19 different strains have been discovered since 1990 . Measles is a highly contagious respiratory disease . It causes fever , red and sore eyes , runny nose , cough and a rash . It can cause deadly health complications , including pneumonia and encephalitis . It is spread by contact with an infected person through coughing or sneezing . It can remain in the air and on surfaces for up to two hours . CNN 's Debra Goldschmidt contributed to this report .	Officials say 131 Californians were affected by one strain , five by other strains About 70 % of the people who could show health records were unvaccinated Outbreak began in December among visitors to two Disney theme parks
CNN  -- Is there room for one more music-streaming service on the Web ? Some music-industry heavyweights are betting the answer is "  yes . " Beats Music , an offshoot of the uber-successful headphone company Beats Electronics , launched on Tuesday with a focus on mobile . It 's available for Apple 's iPhone and iPods , Android devices and Windows phones . A specialized iPad version is in the works . It enters a crowded landscape populated with the likes of Pandora and Spotify , Rhapsody and Rdio and numerous other competitors . The difference , according to its creators , will be Beats ' human touch . "  No one was doing a music service ; everyone was building a music server , " Beats Music chief executive Ian Rogers told WIRED , a CNN content partner . While other streaming platforms will have bigger music catalogues , Beats is banking on its more robust suggestion engine -- or , as a blog post Tuesday said , "  bringing you the right song for right now . " Like other music services , Beats will use a computer algorithm to help suggest new music for you based on what you 've already listened to . But that system factors in things like gender and age in addition to your current playlist . It even considers which songs you crank up the volume on , compared to which ones you listen to quietly , and what you play during the work day compared to what you stream at home . And there 's a team of curators and behavioral scientists participating in the process as well . In their blog post , the company plays up their involvement , while taking a shot at competitors . "  In our experience , it 's always been a living , breathing human who has brought us that song we fell in love with , " the post reads . "  We tried to remember a time a robot found us magic , but all we could find were the times the robot made us laugh : ` You like Pantera ? Have you heard of Black Sabbath ? ' ` You like Mumford and Sons ? Here 's another song with banjos ! ' " Beats Music definitely brings some music-industry clout to the Web-streaming wars . Super-producer Jimmy Iovine , the chairman of Interscope Geffen A&M who has worked with artists from Bruce Springsteen to Lady Gaga , is chairman of Beats Music and co-founded Beats Electronics with Dr. Dre in 2006 . Trent Reznor , of Nine Inch Nails fame , is the company 's chief creative officer . The company is trying something else that 's different for the music-streaming business . Unlike competitors like Spotify and Pandora , Beats Music will not have any free options . The service will cost $ 10 a month .  There 's currently a special for AT&T customers offering service for up to five people for $ 15 per month  . Rogers says it 's a model Beats is confident about . "  We know people will pay for something where there is value , " he told WIRED . "  Enough people pay for headphones , it 's an exciting business . We think we can do the same thing here . "	Beats Music is the latest entry in Web music streaming Service is backed by music-industry heavyweights like Iovine , Reznor Service launched Tuesday , will cost $ 10 per month with no free option
CNN  -- Brazil , Antarctica and Scotland are the top three destinations to visit in 2014 , according to the hot-off-the-press Lonely Planet Best in Travel 2014 . The rationale : Well the first is pretty obvious since Brazil is hosting the World Cup . It 's the centenary of polar explorer Ernest Shackleton 's Antarctic expedition , while Scotland 's nod is mainly due to it staging the Commonwealth Games in the summer and celebrating the Year of Homecoming for overseas Scottish . A great accent probably also helps . Published this week , Lonely Planet 's ninth annual roundup of best destinations around the world for the upcoming year was based on "  scores for topicality , excitement and that special x-factor , " as determined by their inhouse experts and outside writers . And there are a few surprises . The quiet , peaceful , pretty and sometimes  unfairly  maligned Adelaide in South Australia made the top 10 cities for 2014  possibly because of some of those adjectives  . The ranking prompted this response from an Australian media outlet : Was Lonely Planet drunk when it rated Adelaide ? The travel guide went with Paris as the best city next year  it did n't make the top 10 last year  , with Trinidad in second place  January marks the 500th anniversary of the foundation of Trinidad  and Cape Town coming in third . In terms of regions as destinations , Sikkim in India was voted the best , for "  showing the way for what could be the future of India 's tourism industry . " Some more notable predictions included Hunan region as "  the next big thing " in China and the Greek Islands as the best value destination due to recently lowered tourism prices and fewer tourist numbers . In addition to the more standard roundups , there are also some more inventive lists ranging from "  10 essential travel destinations for Beatlemaniacs "  it 's the 50th anniversary of the Beatles going to in New York  and "  The cat 's meow : top 10 destinations for feline fanatics " to "  10 Shakespearean sites for travelers " in honor of the 450th anniversary of the playwright 's birth . From the 2014 guide : Top 10 countries for 2014 1 . Brazil 2 . Antarctica 3 . Scotland 4 . Sweden 5 . Malawi 6 . Mexico 7 . Seychelles 8 . Belgium 9 . Macedonia 10 . Malaysia Top 10 regions for 2014 1 . Sikkim , India 2 . Kimberly 3 . Yorkshire 4 . Hokuriku , Japan 5 . Texas 6 . Victoria Falls 7 . Mallorca 8 . West Coast , New Zealand 9 . Hunan , China 10 . Ha'apai Tonga Top 10 cities for 2014 1 . Paris 2 . Trinidad 3 . Cape Town 4 . Riga 5 . Zurich 6 . Shanghai 7 . Vancouver 8 . Chicago 9 . Adelaide 10 . Auckland Best value destinations for 2014 1 . Greek Islands 2 . Italy 's Heel  Puglia 3 . Nicaragua	Annual Lonely Planet Best in Travel guide published Tuesday Reasons for choices include major events/celebrations coming up plus "  x-factor " Brazil tops list for best countries to visit . Sikkim , India voted best region
London , England  CNN  -- Britain 's Prince William and fiancee Kate Middleton made their first official engagement as a couple Thursday , launching a lifeboat in Wales . The pair , who are due to marry in April , officially named the "  Hereford Endeavour " lifeboat in a ceremony at the Trearddur Bay Lifeboat Station in Anglesey , North Wales . Middleton , wearing a Vivien Sheriff black-feathered beret , three-quarter length cream coat and suede boots , poured a bottle of champagne over the lifeboat after Prince William made a speech commending the efforts of the volunteers and rescue crew . "  We effectively have two launches today , " said CNN royal contributor Mark Saunders . "  The launch of the lifeboat by William and Catherine and , at the same time , the launch of William and Catherine into this celebrity saturated world they are going to be living in . " Despite the modest nature of the event , hundreds of people turned out to watch the royal couple conduct their first official duty together . "  In 20 years of royal reporting I 've never witnessed quite such excitement for such a single job , " said Saunders . One onlooker told CNN : "  It 's lovely ... I would have thought more people would have brought flowers and things for them but it 's lovely ... It 's low key which is what he  Prince William  wanted . " It 's the first public appearance the couple has made since they announced their engagement last November . "  It 's a very low-key event , launching a lifeboat on the island where they both live ... it 's a very good debut event for them , " said Saunders . "  They have a very good relationship with the locals here , they are often seen at the local supermarket and buying wine from the local off-license . So for a first event , they could n't have picked a better one . " The reason for such a low-key ceremony , says Saunders , is to prepare Middleton for life as a royal . "  The royal family  have learnt many lessons from when Princess Diana first joined the royal family . "  Diana was just thrown in the deep end and absolutely given no guidance whatsoever . They 're making sure this time round Catherine is well prepared , " he said . After naming the new Atlantic 85 lifeboat , Prince William and Middleton met members of the charity 's lifeboat crew along with fundraising volunteers and were given a demonstration of the vessel 's capabilities . In a statement issued before the ceremony , Lifeboat 's Operations Manager , Aubrey Diggle said : "  It 's an honor to have Prince William and Miss Middleton at our naming ceremony . "  Naming a new lifeboat is always a special occasion for the charity where we can thank our supporters and fundraisers . Having the royal couple there will make the day even more memorable for the whole community . " The couple currently reside in Anglesey while Prince William serves as an RAF search and rescue helicopter pilot .	Prince William and Kate have conducted their first official engagement together The couple attended a lifeboat naming ceremony in Anglesey , north Wales The pair currently live in Anglesey while Prince William serves as an RAF pilot
CNN  Are your heroes disappointing you ? You 're not alone . Most people yearn for role models , for someone to admire and emulate . But then sometimes : Crash ! Unless the superheroes perform their awe-inspiring work in the comic books or the movies , they eventually slide off the pedestal ; or perhaps they get smashed down to the ground , breaking into too many pieces to repair . The admirer is left heartbroken or disillusioned . If you want to admire someone fully , you should not look too closely . If you want to admire them smartly , you should brace yourself for at least some measure of disappointment . In the political arena , the season of scrutiny and revelations is just getting started with Hillary Clinton and her email practices as secretary of state under the microscope . After a press conference at the United Nations on Tuesday , worries that she is too secretive and calculating are emerging again . For some diehard supporters , this is all about Clinton-hating Republican politics . But to people who may have held Clinton as a model and inspiration , it may raise doubts . Is Hillary a hero or is she not to be trusted ? Or , is there an altogether different answer ? For me , two individuals in particular were once important heroes . A couple of weeks ago , during a trip to the Middle East , I had the unexpected good fortune to meet someone I have admired for many years : the Liberian President and Nobel Peace Prize winner Ellen Johnson Sirleaf . I had the opportunity to chat with her , and the conversation left me even more impressed with her . She 's a truly inspiring woman . I tweeted a picture of the President and me , calling her "  my hero , " a word I seldom use . Moments later , I received a reply  since deleted  from a Twitter connection informing me that Sirleaf has a dismal record on gay rights and had very publicly announced she would refuse to sign a bill to end prison sentences for gay Liberians . The incident reminded me of what has happened with another woman I have admired greatly over the years , the Burmese pro-democracy leader Aung San Suu Kyi , also a Nobel Peace Prize winner . Suu Kyi endured decades of house arrest and great personal hardship to help gain freedom for her people from a harsh military dictatorship that entrenched itself for half a century . It seemed a hopeless quest , but she persisted courageously . Then , four years ago , the situation changed . The government of Myanmar  also known as Burma  freed her from arrest and she became a member of parliament and an influential political leader . The woman who stood firm for her principles has suddenly gone silent on one of the worst abuses still occurring in her country : the brutal treatment of Myanmar 's Rohingya minority . This disappointed many of her admirers . Like Sirleaf on LGBT issues , Suu Kyi is making cold political calculations on the issue of the Rohingya , weighing cost against benefit , and setting aside principles in the process . Does that mean we should ignore these women 's incredible track records ? Should we ignore the fact that Sirleaf became the first woman to be democratically elected president in all of Africa , taking over a country racked by a brutal civil war and guiding it toward a better future ; inspiring Africans to fight against corruption , showing women everywhere that they can make a difference ? Should we ignore Suu Kyi 's astonishing ability to draw international attention to a repressive regime , paying an enormous personal price and ultimately succeeding ? Or should we ignore their deliberate blind spots on politically inconvenient issues , even if they concern human rights , which were supposed to stand at the core of what drove these leaders ? The challenge is for each of us to make judgments based on our own values . Consider Thomas Jefferson , the man who composed one of the most remarkable documents in human history -- the Declaration of Independence . The words -- "  We hold these truths to be self-evident , that all men are created equal " -- are profound and history-changing . And yet , Jefferson , we now know , had a dark side , one that included not only slave ownership , but also the mistreatment of human beings he bought and sold . Human flaws come in all sizes , some small , some overwhelming . Men who have achieved the status of near saints were known as deeply flawed by those closest to them . Mahatma Gandi and Nelson Mandela were terrible fathers . Steve Jobs , the man who gave us our beloved iPhones and iPads , who made technology an irresistible , magnificent addition to our lives , turns out to have been a jerk in some ways . He was a genius , but he was , as one reviewer of his biography put it , "  a world class asshole . " Sports stars have broken the hearts of their admirers . From Lance Armstrong and all those who took performance-enhancing drugs to the athletes who abuse their spouses , the sound of heroes crashing off the pedestals has been deafening . And we can be sure there are many more peccadilloes that would be found if the lens closed in tightly enough . The fact is , there are no perfect human beings . The ancient Greeks took it even further , giving their gods deep , even devastating human-like shortcomings . They still had their strengths , but their weaknesses could compel their decision-making , taking them in disastrous directions . When mere mortals like the rest of us try to decide who is deserving of hero worship , we should temper our expectations . Humans will disappoint . The truth is I am almost allergic to hero worship  despite that recent tweet .  There are people I admire , but I think it 's best to focus on the qualities of individuals when I find them to be inspiring and worthy of admiration -- whether it 's a girl from Pakistan or a particularly courageous and wise public figure . I try to appreciate moments of heroism and impressive personality traits . There are talented , courageous , inspiring politicians , actors , activists , artists and writers . But when it comes to all-around superheroes , they belong in the comic pages and the movies .	Frida Ghitis : Are your heroes disappointing you ? You 're not alone Leaders like Ellen Johnson Sirleaf and Aung San Suu Kyi are admirable , but not perfect
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A lawyer for Michael Jackson 's estate gave an entertainment industry consultant permission to help AEG Live in its defense of the wrongful death lawsuit filed by the pop singer 's mother , the expert testified . The revelation was a surprise to Katherine Jackson , who was sitting in court Tuesday listening to the expert testify that he believed her son would not have earned any money even if he had not died of a propofol overdose . If jurors decide AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death , testimony by Eric Briggs -- whose company billed the concert promoter $ 700,000 to prepare his opinion -- could be used to determine how much in damages the company would have to pay to Michael Jackson 's mother and three children . Briggs , however , previously consulted for the Jackson estate in determining a value of it 's biggest asset -- the Sony-ATV music catalog that includes the Beatles songs . He testified that before he signed a contract to serve as an expert in AEG Live 's defense he sought and gained permission from the Jackson estate lawyer Jeryll Cohen to waive any potential conflict of interest . "  She  Cohen  was well aware of everything that was going on , " Briggs testified . A spokesman for the Michael Jackson estate was unaware of the circumstances or reasons why the estate would approve the waiver that could be counter to the interests of its beneficiaries -- Jackson 's mother and three children . Bad news hurt Jackson 's earning potential , witness says An entertainment industry analyst hired by Jackson lawyers testified he was "  reasonably certain " Jackson would have earned $ 1.5 billion from touring before retiring if he had not died while preparing for his comeback concerts in 2009 . Briggs testified that it was "  speculative " that Jackson would have even completed the 50 "  This Is It " concerts that AEG Live had already sold out in London . Briggs said that based on what he 'd learned from testimony in the case , he believed that Jackson would have died before the first show -- even if he had not suffered the fatal overdose of a surgical anesthetic on June 25 , 2009 . He cited the testimony of a doctor who said that Jackson would have been dead within a week if he remained under the care of Dr. Conrad Murray . The Jackson lawsuit contends AEG Live is liable in Jackson 's death because it negligently hired , retained or supervised Murray , who was convicted of involuntary manslaughter in the pop icon 's death . The Erk opinion included $ 300 million that he estimated Jackson would have earned from endorsements and sponsorships . But Briggs testified that "  significantly negative headlines , drug abuse and other issues " had ruined Jackson 's ability to earn endorsement and sponsorship money . "  Q score " data for Jackson , which measures his "  likability , " became dramatically negative by 2006 -- a year after he was acquitted in a child molestation trial , he testified . More than seven people said they disliked Jackson for every one who said they liked him , he said . Companies would be "  very anxious " about putting someone with such a negative "  likability " next to their products , he said . Jackson 's drug use explored in trial One issue hurting Jackson 's endorsement deal potential was his financial debt , estimated to be $ 400 million at the time of his death , Briggs said . But Jackson lawyer Brian Panish asked Briggs if he considered that Jackson 's assets -- most notably the Sony-ATV catalogue -- were greater than his debts . Briggs stuttered on the witness stand , saying he was reluctant to discuss Jackson 's assets because of a client confidentiality issue . He eventually acknowledged that he had worked for the Jackson estate as a consultant analyzing the value of the music catalog . He signed a confidentiality agreement with the estate , which he said prevented him from discussing it . His company did , however , clear his participation in the wrongful death case with a Jackson estate lawyer before he agreed to be an expert for AEG Live , he said . Briggs also said AEG Live lawyers were aware of the potential conflict before hiring him and had no problem with it . Wednesday is the 60th day of testimony in the trial , which began 14 weeks ago in a Los Angeles County court . The judge told jurors she expects testimony to conclude in mid-September . Celine Dion ` bigger than MJ ' ?	Katherine Jackson learns a consultant for her son 's estate is helping defend AEG Live Michael Jackson 's mother is suing AEG Live , contending it 's liable for her son 's death Consultant Eric Briggs says the estate approved his work for AEG Live 's defense Briggs consulted for the Jackson estate in the past
CNN  -- Arsenal fans were hoping for a fairytale win against old rivals Chelsea to mark Arsene Wenger 's 1,000 th game in charge . Instead , they endured a nightmare defeat as Jose Mourinho 's side romped to a 6-0 win in the English Premier League at Stamford Bridge on Saturday . Gunners ' fans have already seen their team taken apart by top-four opposition this season with Liverpool winning 5-1 at Anfield last month and Manchester City dominant in a 6-3 goal-fest at the Etihad Stadium last December . But the loss to local London rivals Chelsea will be the most difficult to stomach with the margin of defeat equaling Wenger 's worst loss -- 8-2 by Manchester United in 2011 -- at the club . Mourinho 's side were two goals up after seven minutes as first Samuel Eto'o then Andre Schurrle scored . A 10-minute period of respite ensued before the home side was awarded a penalty for hand ball , with referee Andre Marriner mistakenly showing a red card to Arsenal defender Kieran Gibbs instead of Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain who had tipped Eden Hazard 's shot around the post . Marriner later apologized for the error . Amid the confusion , penalty-taker Hazard kept a clear head to fire Chelsea into a 3-0 lead with just 17 minutes played . Oscar then added a fourth three minutes before the break and popped up again for his second of the day in the 66th minute . Mohamed Salah made it six with his first Chelsea goal in the 71st minute . The win maintains the Blues ' four-point lead at the top of the table while Arsenal slip to fourth with 62 points -- seven points adrift of Chelsea . After the match , Wenger shouldered the blame for the heavy defeat and conceded it had been one of the worst days of his career . "  This defeat is my fault . I take full responsibility for it , " Wenger said . "  I do n't think there 's too much need to talk about the mistakes we made . We got a good hiding today . It 's how we respond now on Tuesday night  against Swansea City  and the best way is not to explain too much the mistakes . "  Yes , of course it 's one of the worst days . It 's over after 20 minutes and it 's a long game after that . "  You do n't prepare all week to experience that kind of experience . It 's a huge disappointment today , but we want to win the next game now . " After crashing to defeat at Aston Villa last weekend , Mourinho 's side are back on championship-winning form . But the Portuguese continued his policy of playing down his team 's title chances . "  We go match after match , " Mourinho said . "  We play Crystal Palace next and after that we go to Paris  for the first leg Champions League quarterfinal tie against Paris St Germain  . "  It 's a different situation to Arsenal . It 's a different situation to Liverpool , and Manchester City are also not in that situation . We are happy to be in that situation . " Manchester City kept in touch with Chelsea as they battered relegation-threatened Fulham 5-0 at the Etihad . Yaya Toure scored a hat-trick  two goals coming from the penalty spot  with Fernandinho and Martin Demichelis adding two late on to keep Manuel Pellegrini 's side third on 63 points , but with three games in hand . Luis Suarez scored a hat-trick as Liverpool 's winning run continued with a 6-3 victory at Cardiff City . The home side led twice -- goals from Jordan Mutch in the ninth minute and Frazier Campbell in the 25th minute -- but Brendan Rodgers ' side was once again irresistible in attack . After scoring in the 16th and 60th minute , Suarez scored his third of the match and his 28th league goal in injury time , adding to two from Martin Skrtel and one from strike partner Daniel Sturridge . The win keeps Liverpool second with 65 points while Cardiff remain second from bottom with 25 from 31 games . Manchester United backed up a promising Champions League win in midweek with a 2-0 win at West Ham United . Wayne Rooney was the star of the show with two first-half goals . The first , a looping 45-yard shot caught Spanish goalkeeper Adrian napping while his second was a more straightforward tap in . David Moyes ' team now have 51 points from 30 matches and will enter next Tuesday 's Manchester derby with renewed optimism . Elsewhere , Everton beat Swansea City 3-2 to rise to fifth while Newcastle are up to eighth after a 1-0 win against Crystal Palace . Norwich City eased relegation worries with a 2-0 win over fellow strugglers Sunderland -- Chris Hughton 's side are up to 13th with 31 points . Gus Poyet 's Sunderland remain in the bottom three . Hull City further improved their survival hopes with a 2-0 win over West Bromwich Albion . Read more : Champions League quarterfinal draw Read more : Man Utd put a smile on Moyes ' face	Arsene Wenger 's 1,000 th game in charge of Arsenal ends in humiliating defeat Chelsea score six to remain four points clear at top of table Manchester City and Liverpool also thrash opponents to keep pace with leaders
Galesburg , Illinois  CNN  -- President Barack Obama vowed Wednesday to focus his energy for the rest of his presidency on the core tenet of his election victories -- equal opportunity for all Americans -- starting with campaign-style speeches on the economy that appeared to launch this year 's budget battle with Republicans . Confronting the deep partisan divide over federal spending , tax reform and raising the debt ceiling later this year , Obama told a large crowd at the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg that reversing a growing inequality between haves and have-nots should be the top priority of Congress . He chastised Congress for inaction and vowed to take matters into his own hands during the remaining 1,276 days he has in office . "  Where I can act on my own , I 'm going to . I 'm not going to wait for Congress , " he said in the second of two speeches that kicked off a series of economic-themed addresses across the country . It was a sentiment he expressed earlier in the day during a speech to hundreds at Knox College in Galesburg , Illinois . "  This growing inequality is n't just morally wrong ; it 's bad economics , " Obama said . During the speech at Knox College , he blended populist imagery from his campaign stump speech last year with the criticism of conservative Republicans who , according to the president , only stood for repealing his signature 2010 health care reform law and slashing federal spending in an effort to shrink government . "  Repealing Obamacare and cutting spending is not an economic plan . It 's not , " Obama said , challenging the political right to work with him on budget and tax polices that promote economic fairness for all , especially the middle class and people aspiring to join it . Gearing up for health care exchanges : Crunch time for Obamacare His voice rising , Obama declared that "  the one thing I care about is how to use every minute of the remaining 1,276 days of my term to make this country work for working Americans again . " As the audience stood to applaud and cheer , he added : "  That 's all I care about . I do n't have another election . " Earlier Wednesday , White House spokesman Jay Carney acknowledged to CNN that a goal of Obama 's speeches was to ratchet up pressure on Republicans to work with Democrats and the president , noting that "  in the end , members of Congress respond to their constituents . " Republicans called Obama 's speeches a retread strategy that lacked fresh ideas to further bolster an economy that everyone agrees should be growing faster . "  We 've heard most of it before , " GOP Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama told CNN , adding that Obama 's economic policies had failed . "  He 's a good politician , " Shelby said of Obama , noting that the president was telling people what they wanted to hear . "  But he 's not doing what he needs to do to create good jobs . " Despite slow but steady growth over the past four years , polls show many Americans are still concerned about unemployment and the economy overall even though indicators show an improving recovery and Wall Street is again in record territory . Two new surveys on Wednesday indicated less than half of Americans approve of the president 's handling of the economy . Both polls , by NBC News/Wall Street Journal and ABC News/Washington Post , found more respondents disapprove of how Obama has dealt with the economy , which remained the top issue for the public . The first six months of Obama 's second term have been dominated by issues like gun violence and immigration reform , with legislation on both currently mired in partisan wrangling , as well as controversies such as Internal Revenue Service targeting of groups seeking tax-exempt status . Reframing political debate His speeches Wednesday sought to reframe the political debate as the government approaches the end of its fiscal year on September 30 and a potential shutdown if Congress fails to overcome the gridlock that has become its trademark . Knox College is where Obama delivered his first major economic address of his national political career eight years ago , and he used the setting to emphasize progress made since then in overcoming the recession his administration inherited to launch a slow but steady economic recovery . At the same time , Obama said the challenges and opportunities of the 21st century demanded new thinking and policies to capitalize on America 's potential and end the pattern of worsening inequality from previous decades . He called for Washington to focus on "  rebuilding our manufacturing base , educating our workforce , upgrading our transportation systems , upgrading our information networks " instead of what he labeled "  an endless parade of distractions , political posturing and phony scandals . " Obama was particularly tough on conservative House Republicans , whom he blamed for blocking progress on issues such as immigration reform agreed to by their GOP colleagues in the Senate . He said he would work with anyone with good ideas while using executive authority and calling on on business leaders , philanthropists , labor leaders -- "  anybody who can help " -- to push for economic changes promoting equal opportunity . "  I will not allow gridlock or inaction or willful indifference to get in our way , " Obama said . Later in the day , Obama headed to the University of Central Missouri in Warrensburg for another address expected to focus on education . Looming budget battle Regardless of the political focus of recent months , the national debate was certain to focus on the federal budget this summer and fall . Pitched political battles over spending and taxes have dominated Obama 's presidency , and Republican leaders spurred on by conservative House Republicans facing congressional elections next year are threatening hardline negotiating tactics over the budget and affiliated issues of tax reform and forced spending cuts known as sequestration that took effect this year . Both the Republican-majority House and Democratic-majority Senate have passed spending proposals for fiscal year 2014 , but the measures bear little resemblance to each other in terms of priorities . Any attempt to reconcile differences through negotiation faces complications from related issues such as whether the sweeping government spending cuts that took effect in March and hit the military and discretionary accounts hard should continue unchanged . Another potential landmine is the opposition by conservative Republicans , including some GOP leaders in Congress , to funding the implementation of the health care reform law pushed through by Democrats with Obama 's backing in 2010 . Further complicating the debate is the certain need for Congress to authorize an increase in the government 's borrowing limit , or debt ceiling , sometime this fall . ` The Boehner rule ' House Speaker John Boehner has made clear that any rise in the debt ceiling would require an equal cut in government spending to get GOP support , a demand known as the Boehner rule as set by the Ohio Republican . Opinion : Will Speaker Boehner make history ? The White House has said it will not negotiate on the debt ceiling , and some congressional Republicans balk at linking it to specific demands , such as cuts in funds for implementing health care reform , but insist that more must be done to reduce deficits and debt . "  I think holding the debt limit a hostage to any specific thing is probably not the best negotiating place , " GOP Sen. Roy Blunt of Missouri told MSNBC . "  Where we ought to be now is , we need more spending cuts . " Blunt specifically called for reforms to popular entitlement programs such as Medicare , Medicaid and Social Security to reduce their costs "  so they last . " However , Democrats and Republicans remain far apart on entitlements , long a target of conservatives seeking to shrink government , especially programs that they say lead to federal dependence . Democrats argue the government pension program and health care for the elderly and poor are part of a vital social contract that ensures the well-being of vulnerable citizens . Obama said Wednesday that Democrats must "  question old assumptions " and "  be willing to redesign or get rid of programs that do n't work as well as they should . " He has come under fire from some liberals for already proposing a change in how the annual cost-of-living index for federal benefits gets calculated as part of a broad but so far unreachable deficit reduction deal with Republicans . CNN 's Paul Steinhauser contributed to this report , which was reported by Adam Aigner-Treworgy in Galesburg and written by Tom Cohen in Washington	NEW : President Obama takes on Republican foes , vowing to take matters into his own hands Obama reprises campaign themes of equal opportunity for all The president seeks to frame the political debate with major budget , debt issues looming An Obama goal is to put new pressure on Republicans to work with Democrats
CNN  -- The countdown to the 22nd Winter Olympic Games is well and truly underway , with just a few days to go until Sochi 2014 . Athletes will be going for gold in 98 events , ranging from skeleton bob to biathlon , across 15 sports at 10 different competitive venues . The opening ceremony at the purpose-built Fisht Olympic Stadium will take place on February 7 , fittingly scheduled for 20:14 local time  1614 GMT  . Sixteen days of competition will ensue culminating in the closing ceremony , which will bring the curtain down on proceedings before attention turns to the Winter Games of 2018 in PyeongChang , South Korea . With time running out to acquaint yourself with the arenas that will stage the Games , make sure you are adequately prepared for the oncoming action by studying CNN 's map of the multiple Sochi 2014 venues .	Sochi 2014 Winter Olympics starts on February 7 Russia is hosting its first Winter Games Athletes competing in 98 events across 15 sports Opening ceremony followed by 17 days of competition
CNN  Pen Farthing , who founded a nonprofit that reunites soldiers with stray dogs and cats they took in during combat , is the 2014 CNN Hero of the Year . "  There is no stronger bond between man and dog than that formed during war , " Farthing said at the annual tribute show , which aired Sunday night on CNN 's global networks . The star-studded event , held in New York at the American Museum of Natural History , honored the Top 10 CNN Heroes of 2014 -- everyday people making extraordinary efforts to change the world . Of those 10 , CNN 's audience voted Farthing as the Hero of the Year . "  Wow , I am absolutely at a loss for words , " Farthing said as he accepted the award . "  This is absolutely amazing . I would really like to thank everybody who voted for the Nowzad charity and what we do in Afghanistan and believing in us . And I would also like to thank all the other heroes in this room for doing what they do to make this world an absolute better place . Thank you guys for doing what you do . Thank you . " In addition to the $ 25,000 that each person receives for making the Top 10 , Farthing will be awarded $ 100,000 for his cause . The inspiration for Nowzad Dogs came in 2006 . When Farthing helped break up a dogfight in the town of Nowzad , Afghanistan , the Royal Marine sergeant did n't think much of it . The war-torn town was overrun with dogs . But when one of those dogs followed him back to base , it was hard to tell who rescued whom . "  As the troop sergeant , I was there to motivate the guys and get them fired up again to go out and do the job . ... But no one was doing that for me , " Farthing said earlier this year . "  My time with this dog was a way of de-stressing , collecting my thoughts and popping my head back in the game . " After his tour ended , Farthing went through a difficult process to get Nowzad home to Britain . Realizing he was n't the only one , he soon founded Nowzad Dogs to help other soldiers whose lives were turned around by the animals they befriended . Nowzad Dogs also works to promote animal welfare in Afghanistan . The group 's shelter and clinic in Kabul are staffed by 14 Afghan nationals , four of whom are trained veterinarians . The group spays and neuters street dogs and cats and vaccinates them against rabies to reduce the stray animal population . In turn , those efforts help protect residents by having fewer rabid animals roaming the streets . To date , Nowzad Dogs has reunited nearly 700 soldiers with the animals they adopted in Afghanistan . "  I know that the dog I looked after was my saving grace from the stress of conflict , " Farthing said . "  And because of that initial bond , the work goes on : reuniting soldiers with their companions , tackling rabies and training veterinarians in Kabul . I would like to thank everybody for their support . We 're making a difference for the Afghan people , the soldiers and one dog and cat at a time . " Celebrity presenters at the tribute show this year included actors Benedict Cumberbatch , Christina Hendricks , Taye Diggs , Rosie Perez , Uzo Aduba and John Leguizamo . Also appearing were comedian Kathy Griffin , musician Questlove of The Roots , Kelly Ripa of "  Live with Kelly and Michael " and Morgan Spurlock of CNN 's "  Inside Man . " The event included musical performances by Sheryl Crow and Trisha Yearwood . Yearwood performed her latest song , "  PrizeFighter , " while Crow performed "  Wide River to Cross " with CNN Hero Arthur Bloom and his MusiCorps Wounded Warrior Band . Musician Nick Jonas , actor Tyler James Williams and actress Quvenzhane Wallis were also on hand to present awards to remarkable "  young wonders " who are doing their part to help change their communities . The stories of this year 's Top 10 Heroes , who were nominated by CNN 's global audience and profiled earlier this year on CNN , can be found at CNNHeroes.com . Through Amazon Payments , anyone who wants to contribute can make a direct charitable donation to a Hero 's designated nonprofit until December 31 . Since 2007 , the CNN Heroes campaign has profiled more than 200 people on CNN and CNN.com . It has also received more than 50,000 nominations from more than 100 countries . As part of their award package , each of the Top 10 CNN Heroes will also receive organizational training through the Annenberg Foundation , a global supporter of nonprofit organizations . All 10 Heroes will participate in customized versions of the Annenberg Alchemy program , tailored to help grow their individual organizations . Arthur BloomArthur Bloom has used the healing power of music to help hundreds of injured soldiers recover their lives . His program , MusiCorps , pairs professional musicians with troops recovering at Walter Reed National Military Medical Center , helping them play instruments and write and record music . "  By injecting music into this space , we can inject life , " Bloom said . "  There 's nothing injured about the way they do it . It 's just good music . " More : How the healing power of music helps wounded warriors Jon BurnsJon Burns is rallying fellow soccer fans to help children from poor communities in cities hosting the World Cup and other major tournaments . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Lionsraw , has engaged more than 500 volunteers in construction projects and educational programs that have benefited nearly 6,000 children . "  We 're trying to harness the passion of football fans to make a difference , " he said . More : Turning soccer fans into an army for good Rabbi Elimelech GoldbergRabbi Elimelech Goldberg lost his 2-year-old daughter to leukemia in 1981 . Today , his nonprofit , Kids Kicking Cancer , uses martial arts to help children battling serious illnesses manage pain during medical treatments . The group has provided free lessons and support for 5,000 children and their families . "  They 're often so afraid , " Goldberg said . "  We teach kids how to control their pain and make them feel powerful . " More : Helping kids kick the pain and fear out of cancer Leela HazzahLeela Hazzah has dedicated her life to lion conservation . In 2007 , she started Lion Guardians , a nonprofit that works with African Maasai warriors to protect lions . The group now employs more than 70 Lion Guardians throughout East Africa and has helped the lion population grow . "  I know we 're making a difference , " Hazzah said . "  When I first moved here , I never heard lions roaring . But now I hear lions roaring all the time . " More : Transforming lion killers into ` Lion Guardians ' Patricia KellyPatricia Kelly is using horses to motivate at-risk children in Hartford , Connecticut . Her nonprofit , Ebony Horsewomen , provides horseback riding lessons and teaches animal science to more than 300 young people a year . "  We use horses as a hook to create pride , esteem and healing , " said Kelly . "  They learn that they have ability . They just have to unlock it . " More : Cowgirl uses horses to motivate at-risk kids Annette March-Grier Annette March-Grier grew up in her family 's funeral home . After her mother 's death , she created Roberta 's House , a nonprofit in Baltimore that helps children and their families cope with grief . Since 2008 , more than 1,000 children have benefited from the group 's free programs . "  We 're giving families in this city a sense of hope , " she said . "  We 're helping to heal wounds and bring families back together again . " More : Helping Baltimore 's grieving kids heal Ned NortonFor the last 25 years , Ned Norton has provided strength and conditioning training to people living with a variety of disabilities . He now trains more than 120 people every week through his nonprofit , Warriors on Wheels . "  I 'm building them up , building them stronger , so they can go out and live life like they 're supposed to . " Norton said . More : Fitness buff helps disabled find ` strength ' Juan Pablo Romero FuentesAmid the violence in his native Guatemala , Juan Pablo Romero Fuentes turned his family 's home into a haven for young people . Since 2006 , his nonprofit , Los Patojos  the Little Ones  , has provided educational opportunities and support to more than 1,000 children . I want to inspire these kids , " he said . "  They are the ones in charge of writing the new history in Guatemala . " More : Building a brighter future for Guatemala 's kids Dr. Wendy RossDr . Wendy Ross is opening new worlds to autistic children and their families . Since 2010 , her nonprofit , Autism Inclusion Resources , has helped hundreds of families navigate challenging social situations , such as sporting events and airport travel . "  If you start taking steps outside of your door , your world gets bigger and bigger , " said Ross . "  We just want people to have opportunities . " More : Taking autistic kids out to a ball game CNN 's Meghan Dunn contributed to this report .	The 2014 CNN Hero of the Year is Pen Farthing , founder of Nowzad Dogs Nowzad , named after the dog Farthing adopted in Afghanistan , reunites soldiers with strays Farthing : "  I know that the dog I looked after was my saving grace from the stress of conflict "
CNN  -- In the backwaters of India 's southern state of Kerala , traditional village life goes on much as it has for the last 50 years . The occasional satellite dish , motorized houseboat or construction of a new guesthouse are the only nods to increased outside interest in this seemingly endless string of interconnected waterways , paddy fields and coconut groves that stretches down the Malabar Coast . Ferrymen still carry villagers on tiny canoes , as women in vivid saris wash clothes on stone steps near the river . Exuberant children in bright school whites run along the banks , shouting cheerful hellos to any new faces . Regularly hailed as one of the top 10 things to see in India , the backwaters offer a chance to witness another side of a country often known for its frenetic pace of life . The main spots to embark on a backwaters adventure are the cities or towns of Alappuzha , Kochi , Kollam and Kumarakom . Here are three great ways to experience them . Kumarakom Lake Resort Kumarakom Lake Resort offers a rare opportunity for those who want to enjoy the beauty of the backwaters while enjoying five-star service and luxury . The UK 's heir to the throne Prince Charles recently celebrated his 65th birthday at the resort with wife Camilla . Built on the edge of Vembanad Lake , the resort is a stunning union of nature and historic architecture . An array of birds hops around the perfectly manicured lawns while river otters swim in canals that snake through the property . Bridges connect different parts of the resort , mirroring the links between villages across the backwaters . Most of the property has been constructed using elements from Kerala 's historic stately homes , such as ornate doors and elaborate roof structures . The three dining areas offer a good range of food options made with top quality ingredients . As the resort is on the banks of the backwaters ' main lake , those wanting to see the smaller canals and waterways should take a boat trip , which the hotel can organize . Kumarakom Lake Resort , Kottayam 686 566 , Kerala , India ; +91 481 252 4900 ; rooms from Rs 17,500  $ 289  plus tax Traditional houseboat  kettuvallam For centuries , Kerala 's remote backwater communities used kettuvallam boats to transport rice from the paddy fields to market towns . Today these beautiful craft made of bamboo , rattan , coir and wood are a favorite with tourists . Usually measuring about 80 feet  24 meters  in length , Kerala 's houseboats have been refashioned into stylishly furnished floating cottages . Depending on budget , options include houseboats with two floors , balconies , living rooms and even four or five bedrooms . The lure of the tourist dollar has brought in some ventures that do little to benefit the local community , while others guzzle fuel and dump untreated waste . Options such as Spice Coast Cruises run on solar power and are fueled by vegetable oil , and Goodearth , essentially run by a cooperative of villages , is ethically and ecologically sound . It 's possible to spend an afternoon to a week on a backwaters houseboat , though two-day trips are the most popular . This allows travelers to lounge on deck as they cruise past a patchwork of pastel-colored houses , churches and temples . Most companies arrange for stops at villages selling local crafts and wares . River regulations require boats to dock overnight but it 's still nice to stop in a secluded spot , gaze at the stars and listen to the sizzle of freshly caught fish roasting on the grill . The main rivers are like a watery highway , so the journey wo n't always be peaceful . The days of being only the houseboat on the water are long gone and cruisers can expect municipal passenger boats to motor past . But the journey also provides the chance to see duck farmers herd their flock along the river and lone fishermen in tiny boats laden with the day 's catch . Emerald Isle Heritage Villa Located in Nedumudi , about 12 kilometers from Alappuzha , this traditional Keralan house is the ancestral home of owner Vinod Job and his brother Vijo . Together they put together a remarkable experience that weaves together their own rich family history and village life . Upon arrival , guests are picked up from the far side of the river by a traditional canoe , known as a vallam , and transported to the idyllic 150-year-old property . There are a few sleeping options but The Cottage and The Granary are most charming and come with stylish outdoor bathrooms . Emerald Isle has its own paddy fields and coconut groves , and the food is almost all locally grown . Dinner is served in a communal space and is a showcase of traditional dishes such as karimeen pollichathu and neimeen curry . Visitors can rent bikes , explore on foot or take trips in a traditional vallum . The guesthouse can also arrange kayaking and fishing trips . There are dozens of little canals connected by ramshackle footbridges , while local shacks sell everything from candy and soft drinks to Toddy , a popular local alcoholic drink . Away from the action , Emerald Isle offers lazy afternoons in a hammock , Ayurvedic massages and beauty treatments . Emerald Isle Heritage Villa , Kanjooparambil-Manimalathara , Alleppey 688 511 , Kerala , India ; +91 477 270 3899 ; rooms from Rs 5,700  $ 94  plus tax	The Kerala backwaters are made up of lakes , canals and rivers that stretch down the coast Traditional houseboats are a great way to take in the local way of life Homestay Emerald Isle Heritage Villa is a riverside heritage house with its own farm
It 's time to reset the post-Edward Snowden debate . On the first anniversary of the first published leaks about the National Security Agency 's far-reaching surveillance programs , the discussions remain focused on the tradeoffs between individual privacy and U.S. security . Despite government officials ' attempts to justify the value of NSA programs , experts have pointed out that the vast surveillance apparatus is not effective at protecting Americans from terrorism . In fact , there 's compelling evidence that NSA activities are hurting the United States . They threaten our economic interests , undermine our foreign policy objectives and damage the security of the global Internet . In less than a year , American companies such as Cisco and IBM reported declining sales overseas and lost business opportunities . Foreign companies are turning U.S. surveillance into a competitive advantage . For example , Deutsche Telekom has marketed "  e-mail made in Germany " as a secure alternative after the NSA leaks . Meanwhile , the cloud computing industry is projected to lose between $ 25 billion and $ 180 billion in the next three to five years as customers become increasingly concerned about where their private data is stored . And proposals by Germany and India that would require data on their citizens be stored locally could compound U.S. business losses . NSA 's surveillance programs have also impacted U.S. foreign policy goals and hurt our relations with strategic allies , as we 've found in preparing for an upcoming report on the topic . The credibility of the Internet Freedom agenda , a major initiative launched by Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in 2010 , has been sapped . Russia and China , which have sought to exert greater control over the Internet for many years , are growing more skeptical of the American role in governance of the Internet . German Chancellor Angela Merkel was enraged to discover that the NSA had listened to calls on her personal cell phone , creating tension between the United States and Germany as the two must work together on issues such as the Ukraine crisis . Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff became the first world leader to turn down a state dinner with the President of the United States . Moreover , the disclosures exposed various ways the NSA has actively undermined Internet security in the past decade . Under the guise of providing technical expertise , the agency deliberately weakened international encryption standards adopted by the National Institute for Standards and Technology . Encryption forms the basis for trust on the Internet , and developers in the United States and around the world rely on the institute 's technical standards to build secure products . Additionally , the NSA quietly asked individual companies to insert backdoors into their products to facilitate spying and covertly stockpiled information about security vulnerabilities that NSA hackers discovered in commercial products , rather than responsibly notifying vendors so they could patch their products . The NSA has even carried out offensive hacking operations such as spoofing Facebook and LinkedIn to perform "  man-in-the-middle " attacks to insert malware onto targets ' devices . The Obama administration has undertaken modest steps to mitigate the damage caused by the NSA and begin the slow , difficult process of rebuilding trust in the United States as a responsible steward of modern communications networks . In January , President Barack Obama issued Presidential Policy Directive 28 , which placed some limitations on authorities to collect signals intelligence . In May , the House of Representatives passed the USA FREEDOM Act , which is quite watered down but could still bring about limited reform to the bulk collection program . The National Institute of Standards and Technology convened a group of outside experts to review its cryptographic standards and guidelines , and there are proposals to remove the statutory requirement that it consult with the NSA on certain standards . These proposals are narrow in scope . Further reforms must be broader . In the coming months , lawmakers must continue to strengthen protections against data collection on Americans and foreigners , here and abroad . The government must also recommit to the Internet Freedom agenda and move toward robust international standards on surveillance that are grounded in human rights . Finally , more transparency is needed . Last fall , a coalition of major Internet companies joined privacy experts and public interest advocates in calling for far greater corporate and government transparency , asking that they be allowed to release more detailed information about the quantity , nature and scope of requests they receive from intelligence officials . The unlikely partnerships that have sprung up in the past year between of some of Internet 's biggest rivals speak to the seriousness of the threats to their collective business interests . While the initial shock of NSA surveillance may have faded a bit , the deeper concerns are not going away any time soon . That 's why we need a firm commitment to reforms that go above and beyond the provisions of the House 's USA FREEDOM Act . Companies need to be able to inform consumers around the world in much greater detail about the scope and impact of the NSA 's surveillance programs -- an important step to stopping businesses and individuals from permanently turning away from the United States to escape the surveillance dragnet .	It 's been a year since Edward Snowden 's disclosures about NSA spying Danielle Kehl , Kevin Bankston : NSA programs hurt U.S. economic interests and policies They say the agency has also deliberately weakened Internet security and standards Kehl , Bankston : We need a firm commitment from U.S. government to reform the NSA
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The Democrats ' top investigator in Congress reacted angrily Friday to a report that the former Blackwater USA employee accused of killing an Iraqi vice presidential guard was hired by another U.S. contractor weeks later . Rep. Henry Waxman says the State Department is covering up "  an epidemic of corruption " in Iraq . The report comes alongside Rep. Henry Waxman 's warning of a "  confrontation " with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice over how much Americans should be able to learn about corruption in Iraq . In a sharply worded letter , Waxman demanded Rice turn over a long list of documents related to the contractor , Andrew Moonen . "  Serious questions now exist about whether the State Department may have withheld from the U.S. Defense Department facts about this Blackwater contractor 's shooting of the Iraqi guard that should have prevented his hiring to work on another contract in support of the Iraq War , " wrote Waxman , chairman of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform . Moonen is accused of fatally shooting an Iraqi guard and fleeing the scene , according to a Congressional memo describing the investigation report . He was fined , fired and flown home from Iraq , and the company later paid $ 20,000 in compensation to the victim 's family . Moonen returned to the United States within a few days of the incident , his attorney said , but in February he returned to Kuwait working for Combat Support Associates  CSA  , a company spokesman said . CNN reported Thursday night that CSA said it was unaware of the December incident when it hired Moonen , because the State Department and Blackwater kept the incident quiet and out of Moonen 's personnel records . Waxman wrote it is "  hard to reconcile this development " with previous assertions State Department officials have made in recent days . Waxman earlier accused Rice and the State Department of a cover-up of what he called "  an epidemic of corruption " in Iraq in general . He branded the State Department 's anti-corruption efforts "  dysfunctional , under-funded and a low priority . " Waxman further blasted the department for trying to keep secret details of corruption in Iraq , especially relating to Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . "  Corruption is increasing in Iraq , and the State Department ca n't keep us from knowing that -- ca n't censor that -- just because it might embarrass or hurt our relationship with -LSB- al - -RSB- Maliki , " Waxman said at the House committee hearing . Watch Waxman ask why negative comments must be said behind closed doors " Deputy Secretary of State Larry Butler repeatedly refused to answer questions from Waxman about Iraqi corruption but offered full disclosure if his testimony would be kept secret . Asked if he believes the Iraqi government has the political will or the capability to root out corruption , Butler responded , "  Mr. Chairman , questions which go to the broad nature of our bilateral relationship with Iraq are best answered in a classified setting . " But he was more forthcoming when talking about efforts that al-Maliki has taken to improve matters , commending the prime minister for dispatching Iraqi forces to surround a refinery to ensure oil did not end up on the black market . But Waxman appeared unmoved . "  Why can you talk about the positive things and not the negative things ? " he asked . "  Should n't we have the whole picture ? " "  I 'd be very pleased to answer those questions in an appropriate setting , " Butler replied . Waxman laughed and asked , "  An appropriate setting for positive things is a congressional hearing , but for negative things , it must be behind closed doors ? " "  As you know , this goes to the very heart of diplomatic relations and national security , " Butler said . "  It goes to the very heart of propaganda , " Waxman said , putting funding for anti-corruption activities through June 15 , 2006 , at $ 65 million , "  or less than 0.003 percent of the total " spent by the Iraqi Relief and Reconstruction Fund . The State Department said details of anti-corruption efforts must be secret to protect investigators and Iraqi allies . In a letter to Rice last week , Waxman called the department 's position "  ludicrous . " Fellow Democratic Rep. John Yarmuth of Kentucky agreed . "  It 's pretty clear that the administration just wants to muzzle any comments that reflect negatively on the -LSB- al - -RSB- Maliki government , " he said . Earlier , the former head of the Iraqi Commission on Public Integrity , Judge Radhi Hamza al-Radhi , told the hearing that al-Maliki had protected family members from corruption investigations , citing Salam al-Maliki , Iraq 's former transportation minister and the prime minister 's cousin . Al-Radhi resigned last month and fled Iraq after he and his family were attacked and 31 of his anti-corruption employees were killed . He said corruption has affected "  virtually every agency and ministry , including some of the most powerful officials in Iraq . " "  Corruption has stopped possible advances by the government on the political level , on economic reconstruction , on basic services , amenities and infrastructure and on the rule of law , " he told the committee , estimating the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billion . In Baghdad , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al-Dabbagh acknowledged his country is plagued with a "  high level " of corruption , but he said officials are trying to rein in the problem . U.S. Comptroller General David Walker , head of the Government Accountability Office , said there appeared to be no U.S. plan for countering the corruption . He urged Congress to consider conditioning future appropriations on such a plan "  so we can achieve some results rather than have just more efforts . " Waxman questioned whether Iraq 's government was "  too corrupt to succeed . " If so , he added , "  We need to ask if we could , in good conscience , continue to ... prop up his regime . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Bob Constantini contributed to this report .	NEW : Rep. Henry Waxman demands documents on Iraq contractor Waxman accuses State Department of covering up "  an epidemic of corruption " State Department says it will provide information if it is kept classified Ex-Iraqi official estimates the total lost to corruption at $ 18 billion
CNN  -- A Cardiff City fan who became so disillusioned with the rebranding of the football club he followed that he put his support up for auction on eBay has a new team to follow -- Tottenham Hotspur . The final straw for Cardiff fan Ben Dudley was the decision by the Welsh team 's Malaysian owners to rebrand the club by insisting they play in red rather than their traditional blue to boost their appeal to Asian audiences . The internet sparked global interest with Dudley 's support eventually bought by a Spurs fan for over a thousand dollars . "  The reception from Spurs fans that have been in contact with me has been great and I 've had offers of help with tickets and people to attend games with , " Dudley told CNN . "  I will also be looking to attend some Europa League fixtures , with my only previous experience of European football coming from watching Cardiff City win the Algarve Cup against Celtic in 2008 . " Trips to Tottenham 's home ground will involve a 320 mile round-trip for Dudley , but he does n't seem daunted as at one stage it looked like he might have to travel abroad in his new supporter project . "  As the auction began to get worldwide coverage , I moved from getting bids from places such as Bristol , Huddersfield and Nottingham to getting bids from New York , Seattle , Istanbul and the west coast of Australia ! "  I was rather worried at this stage . Traveling to Middlesbrough and Sunderland away with Cardiff was one thing , but Melbourne Victory away was probably pushing it ! "  Just when it looked like I would be clocking up some serious air miles , a bidder from north London came in and won the auction with a bid of $ 1,324 . " Cardiff City have come agonizingly close to promotion to the Premier League in the last few years , so Dudley is looking forward to experiencing life in English football ' s top . "  I am most excited about visiting new grounds and the new experiences that Tottenham Hotspur will bring . " By a curious twist of fate , Dudley already has an association with Tottenham as his father is a Spurs supporter . "  Tottenham Hotspur are the team supported by my father , meaning that I will be able to talk to him about footballers he cares about . " The eBay bid has only bought Dudley 's support for a season , but he is already making plans for next year in case Cardiff City do n't return to being the club he used to support . "  I 'm praying it 's a one season only thing . If it is n't , then I will either stick with Spurs , as I believe they are a club who can restore a bit of my faith in modern football , or donate the cost of my Cardiff season ticket to charity and watch non-league football instead . " However , having become so disheartened with Cardiff , the internet auction has gone some way to restoring his faith in football . "  While in an ideal world I would still feel connected to Cardiff enough to support them , Tottenham have gone a long way to show the good side of the game . "  If you do n't get goosebumps when Tottenham fans sing "  oh when the Spurs " then you either support one of their rivals or you probably do n't like football very much . " The winning bid proceeds are to be split between British military charity Help for Heroes and Ty Hafan , a charity that help life-limited children in South Wales .	Ben Dudley put his support up for auction after Cardiff City were rebranded A winning bid of $ 1,324 sees him support Tottenham Hotspur next season Bids on eBay came from Melbourne , New York and Seattle Dudley 's father has always supported Tottenham
Washington  CNN  -- The rules for takeoffs and landings at Newark Liberty International Airport have changed after two planes came within yards of colliding last month , the Federal Aviation Administration said Tuesday . United Express Flight 4100 , an Embraer ERJ-145 operated by ExpressJet , was cleared to take off on runway 4R at the same time United Airlines Flight 1243 , a Boeing 737 , was landing on the intersecting runway 29 on April 24 . The 737 flew 135 yards vertically and 50 yards laterally from the smaller regional jet . "  The FAA has investigated the recent air traffic incident at Newark and has taken steps to prevent similar incidents from occurring in the future , " according to a statement from the agency . Runway 29 is no longer used for arriving flights when planes are taking off on the intersecting runway 4R . In the April incident , on air traffic control radio captured by the website LiveATC.net , the tower can be heard telling the pilot of the 737 to "  go around " and circle the airport . The controller told the ERJ to watch out for the larger plane on the right . "  Yeah , we were putting the nose down , and , he was real close , " the pilot responds . Close calls at Newark have happened before , including four in 2008 , according to a Department of Transportation inspector general 's report . In one instance , on January 16 , 2008 , a 737 from Continental Airlines  which has since merged with United  was at risk of hitting an Embraer 145 operating as Continental Express . It happened at the same intersection and involved the same type of aircraft as April incident , but the planes never got within a mile of each other . That case was attributed to a mistake by an air traffic controller . The National Transportation Safety Board will not make a determination of what caused the most recent incident until it releases its final report , which is expected to take months . United Airlines is working with the agency to investigate the incident , an airline spokeswoman has told CNN . CNN 's Laura Dolan contributed to this report .	The FAA changes runway rules at site of near miss at Newark Airport in April The aircraft were operating on intersecting runways during the April incident As a result , one of the runways will not be used for arrivals when the other has takeoffs
CNN  -- Text messages sent from Trayvon Martin 's cell phone the day he was killed show he had been arguing with someone on the phone and was "  hostile , " attorneys for George Zimmerman wrote in a recent court filing . Zimmerman 's lawyers argue the texts are relevant to the case , in which the unarmed teenager was fatally shot by the neighborhood watch volunteer during a confrontation in a Sanford , Florida , neighborhood in February 2012 . The texts speak to Martin 's demeanor and emotional state , the Thursday filing said , and "  may assist the jury in understanding why Trayvon Martin chose to hide then confront George Zimmerman rather than simply going home . " The filing said the texts were mostly with "  Witness 8 , " and the messages showed Martin and the friend were "  hostile and angry with each other at various points throughout the day . " Martin , 17 , was talking on the phone with Witness 8 when he and Zimmerman met as Martin walked to the house of his father 's fiancee after a trip to a nearby convenience store . Zimmerman to argue self-defense , will not seek ` stand your ground ' Also in the document , Zimmerman 's attorneys say the court should also consider text messages sent before that day , because they establish Martin 's marijuana use and fights he had been involved in . "  This  fighting  evidence is admissible in support of Mr. Zimmerman 's self-defense claim regarding the abilities and capacity of Trayvon Martin as an experienced fighter , " Zimmerman 's attorneys wrote . The attorney for Martin 's family , Benjamin Crump , said Thursday that evidence and other details -- like the defense 's assertion that Martin had removable gold tooth caps -- are "  irrelevant . " He predicted they would never be used at Zimmerman 's trial . "  Is the defense trying to prove Trayvon deserved to be killed by George Zimmerman because  of  the way he looked ? " Crump asked in a statement . "  If so , this stereotypical and closed-minded thinking is the same mindset that caused George Zimmerman to get out of his car and pursue Trayvon , an unarmed kid who he did n't know . The pretrial release of these irrelevant red herrings is a desperate and pathetic attempt by the defense to pollute and sway the jury pool . " Two previous gag order requests by the prosecution have been denied . George Zimmerman 's brother apologizes for offensive tweet Instead , he said , jurors will focus on Zimmerman 's arrest for battery on a police officer , a domestic violence injunction and other issues he said demonstrate a "  propensity for violence . " Other items taken from Martin 's phone included text-message discussions of drugs and pictures of a gun and marijuana plants . Lead defense attorney Mark O'Mara said he will try to use the evidence if prosecutors attempt to attack Zimmerman 's character during his trial on second-degree murder charges , set to begin next month . Also Thursday , O'Mara filed a request that his client 's trial be delayed . Much of the new evidence disclosed Thursday in filings by Zimmerman 's attorneys comes from Martin 's cell phone , including photos showing a semiautomatic pistol and ammunition and small marijuana plants growing in pots . In another picture , Martin is pictured making obscene gestures in an apparent self-portrait . Others show him with friends and in other settings . Gun , drug texts feature in new Trayvon Martin shooting evidence Zimmerman recently waived his right to a pretrial hearing under Florida 's "  stand your ground " law , which allows people to use deadly force when threatened regardless of where they are . His attorneys will claim self-defense at trial . A representative of the special prosecutor handling the case did not return an e-mail message Thursday seeking comment on the evidence . Prosecutors renewed their motion for a gag order in the case Thursday because , they said , they 're concerned about finding an impartial jury given the "  inordinate amount of media coverage . " Two previous gag order requests by the prosecution have been denied . Arrest ` solely to placate the masses , " Zimmerman 's mother writes In-Session 's Jessica Thill and CNN 's David Mattingly , Marylynn Ryan , Rich Phillips and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Defense : Trayvon Martin exchanged angry texts on the days he was killed Defense attorneys says the messages are relevant because they establish Martin 's mood Martin 's family attorney says the new evidence is irrelevant and meant to prejudice a jury Other messages indicated drug use , included photos of a gun
CNN  -- When you want news or information about your community , do you sometimes turn to your cell phone or tablet computer ? If so , you 've got plenty of company . According to new research from the Pew Internet and American Life Project , nearly half  47 %  of all U.S. adults get at least some local news and information on their phone or tablet . According to Pew , here are the types of local information that mobile users reported they 've been getting : Weather : 42 % Local restaurants and other businesses : 37 % General local news : 30 % Local sports scores and updates : 24 % Local traffic and transportation : 22 % Local coupons and discounts : 19 % News alerts : 15 % The growing trend in mobile local news and information is n't strictly a matter of civic consciousness ; weather , dining and shopping did top the list , after all . However , Pew did find that " -LSB- m -RSB- ore than a third  35 %  of mobile local information consumers say they and others like them can have a big impact on their community . That compares with 27 % of those who do not connect to their communities on their mobile devices who feel that level of personal efficacy . " Most mobile local news and information consumers  65 %  believe that it 's now easier to keep up with information about their community than it was five years ago . About half get local news via six or more different sources or types of media each month . And three-fourths use social networking services like Twitter or Facebook . About half of U.S. Hispanics  52 %  and African-Americans  51 %  reported getting local mobile news or information . Whites were slightly behind , at 45 % . Despite conventional wisdom that young people do n't care much about news or community , people ages 18 to 29 were by far most likely  70 %  to access local information online -- and nearly half of these younger adults specifically report obtaining local news via their mobile devices . Among people ages 30 to 49 , 63 % get mobile local news or information . This dropped to 33 % for people ages 50 to 64 , and to 8 % for those 65 and older . People who are parents of minor children are especially likely  64 %  to get local mobile news or information -- compared with only 40 % of people with no minor children . The mobile digital divide is evident on the local front . Wealthier people are especially likely to be mobile local news and information consumers . Among households earning $ 75,000 per year or more , 67 % use cell phones or tablets to get local news or information , while only 39 % of households earning $ 30,000 or less per year do so . Also , 58 % of college graduates are local mobile news consumers , compared with 25 % of people with less than a high school education . Also , while Pew did n't specifically explore this issue , the mobile consumption of local news and information definitely is n't just a smartphone thing . Pew surveyed 2,251 adults via both land lines and cell phones , so it did not focus solely on smartphone and tablet users . This is key , since smartphones are still in the minority . According to ComScore , as of January 2011 , just under 30 % of all U.S. cell phone users owned smartphones . Plus , Pew reports that currently , only 7 % of U.S. adults own tablets  mostly iPads  and that most of those people also already own smartphones . Therefore , a substantial number of people must be getting local news and information via cheaper , simpler feature phones , the next step down in features from smartphones . All of these phones can do text messaging , and most of them can also do e-mail and Web browsing -- just with a clunkier , more limited interface and a slower data connection . This is significant because feature phones are probably not going away anytime soon . While smartphones are getting more popular , the huge popularity of feature phones is likely to continue for at least a few years . Most consumers are n't willing or able to pay the typically high costs for smartphone handsets and carrier contracts . Also , many consumers simply prefer less complex mobile devices . Furthermore , feature phones are getting smarter and more useful . In particular , in the coming year , Qualcomm 's deal to make Opera Mini the default browser on feature phones powered by its popular BREW MP platform will vastly improve the Web browsing experience for a large portion of feature phone users . An improved user experience may soon lead to a boom in feature-phone Web browsing of all kinds , including for local news and information . Notably , only 13 % of mobile users reported having a local news or information application  "  app "  installed on their phone . This means that for most local news and information producers , getting an iPhone or Android app probably should n't be the first step in their mobile strategy . Other mobile channels -- especially the mobile Web , e-mail , text messaging and social media integration -- can serve a far larger mobile audience . In fact , Pew discovered that the only real difference between users of local news mobile apps and other adults is that local news app users tend to be generally more into high-tech . They are n't even generally more affluent : Only 19 % of Americans with an annual household income of $ 75,000 or more have local mobile news apps , compared with 12 % of people from households earning $ 30,000 or less per year . The survey was conducted January 12-25 . Its margin of error is plus or minus 2.4 percentage points . The opinions expressed in this post are solely those of Amy Gahran .	65 % of mobile consumers say it 's easier to keep up with local information than 5 years ago 52 % of U.S. Hispanics , 51 % of African-Americans , 45 % of whites get mobile local news People who are parents of minor children are especially likely  64 %  to get local mobile news
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama will duel for Super Tuesday votes Thursday night as the Democratic presidential hopefuls face off for the first time together minus former Sen. John Edwards . Thursday 's debate is taking place at the Kodak Theatre in Los Angeles , California . The debate -- sponsored by CNN , the Los Angeles Times and Politico -- starts at 8 p.m. ET Thursday on CNN and CNN.com . CNN 's Wolf Blitzer is the moderator . The event is the first Democratic debate since Obama 's convincing victory Saturday in South Carolina . On Tuesday , Clinton won the Florida primary , a contest her campaign said helped the senator regain momentum even though it awarded no delegates . The forum at the Kodak Theatre in Hollywood comes hours after the Obama campaign revealed it had raised $ 32 million in January from roughly 170,000 new donors . That amount will allow Obama to expand his television ad buys greatly in the 20-plus states holding primaries or caucuses Tuesday . Watch a time-lapse construction of the debate set " The Clinton campaign would not indicate how much money it had raised in the same time period . Mike Gravel , the other Democratic presidential candidate still in the race , was not invited to participate in the debate because he did not meet certain criteria , including support in national polls . In a CNN/Opinion Research Corporation poll conducted January 14-17 , Gravel received less than 1 percent . Edwards suspended his presidential run Wednesday in New Orleans , Louisiana , but he did n't endorse any candidate despite what aides described as furious lobbying campaigns by Obama and Clinton . Thursday 's debate may be slightly more restrained than last week 's brutal showdown . Following her South Carolina loss , Clinton has largely steered clear of opportunities to take aim at Obama . Former President Bill Clinton also has avoided criticizing his wife 's rival after dominating headlines with his attacks in the days before the South Carolina vote . The economy is likely to dominate Thursday 's debate , as both candidates look to appeal to supporters of Edwards and his brand of economic populism . Clinton and Obama have split victories in their parties ' early-voting states : Obama has won in Iowa and South Carolina , and Clinton has won in New Hampshire , Nevada , Michigan and Florida . But the Michigan and Florida contests awarded no delegates , and all major Democratic presidential candidates pledged to avoid campaigning in those states following national party penalties against them for moving up their contests so early . Clinton was the only major candidate to appear on the Michigan ballot . Obama is leading Clinton in the number of pledged delegates -- those awarded based on primary or caucus votes . Clinton has the edge when superdelegates are factored in .  Superdelegates are party leaders and elected officials who are not obligated to support a particular candidate . They can change their decisions at any time leading up to the Democratic National Convention in August . To date , Obama has won an estimated 63 national convention delegates as a result of primary or caucus votes , while Clinton has earned an estimated 48 delegates . Clinton , however , has the overall lead in delegates -- 232 to 158 -- when superdelegates are included . With solid fundraising numbers and a nod from Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts this week , Obama will be making the claim he holds the front-runner title . But Clinton -- who has led in national surveys for much of the race -- will be making her case as well . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Debate will be last time top Democrats face off before Super Tuesday contests Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama to go one-on-one for first time together Ex-Sen . John Edwards suspended presidential campaign Wednesday Debate will start at 8 ET on Thursday night on CNN and CNN.com
CNN  -- She had the most memorable entrance of any character on "  The Walking Dead " so far . Just as Andrea was about to be set upon by a herd of walkers , a shadowy figure dispatched them -- with a Katana sword . It was one of the standout moments of the season two finale , and we would soon learn that this person 's name was Michonne , a quiet warrior who had seemingly mastered how to survive in the zombie apocalypse  one bright idea : bring along a couple of chained walkers with no hands or mouths to draw away the others  . Ever since that moment , Michonne , played by Danai Gurira , has been rivaled only by Daryl Dixon in terms of rabid fans . At times , she is a silent force of nature , but has opened up a good deal to the rest of the survivors lately . The season 's midway point having ended with  spoiler alert !  a brutal attack on the prison , sending the group off in different directions , not to mention the horrifying death of Hershel . CNN spoke with Gurira about what fans can expect when the season returns on Sunday . CNN : Michonne has been through a lot already . Where is her head after the attack at the prison ? Gurira : It was deeply trying for her and a major loss for her . The idea of finally connecting with people -- that 's not easy for her at all . She 's very guarded and really has serious armor on . She 's slowly letting that armor chip away , opening up to people . She actually spent some time being in this community full time , so to have this happen under her watch , and to see all the trauma it causes , and the things she was trying to avoid , is very traumatic to her . She 's still just starting to invest again in people . She has suffered great loss and it 's a question of how she responds to it . There are a couple of ways it could go down . We 'll have to see which road she takes . CNN : She lost a good friend in Andrea last year , and now more loss . Does she still feel a connection to this group ? Would you describe her as very loyal ? Gurira : Even in the first episode this season , you see how she 's very connected to Carl , bringing him comic books and candy . There are tons of little moments between her and Daryl as well . In terms of her opening up to the group , she 's become very connected . Yes , she was very loyal to Andrea , very loyal to the people with whom she goes outside of the prison . She risks her life for them . She actually really wants the best for these people . Most recently , she did n't run away , she went back to make sure that Rick was n't killed by the Governor . CNN : Where are things headed for the rest of season four ? Is there a big difference from the first half ? Gurira : It 's gon na be a very different tone . You see people going in different directions , you do n't know who 's going to align with whom , who 's going to make it . It 's going to be a whole different tone from what 's been done before on the show . It 's going to be very exciting and thrilling , and no one knows what 's coming next . There will be very powerful moments , and very powerful character developments . CNN : Did you have to learn any different forms of fighting or different stunts this season ? Gurira : I always like trying out different things . There are always ways that the writers will write something that will allow me to attack it in a different way . Absolutely -- we try to make things a little different than they were last time . There 's always that journey I 'm taking with the physical demands of the character -- I want to do as many different things as I can ! CNN : This show has a very passionate fan base , and there is certainly a big fan base for Michonne in particular . Does this still surprise you ? Gurira : It 's a worldwide thing now . I was in Zimbabwe and there were fans there who would stop me on the street . It does still take me aback how much the show has resonated across culture , class and creed . CNN : Any interesting fan moments lately ? Gurira : The one that comes to mind most immediately are two different guys who have me tattooed to them , so that was a little shocking and unexpected . I 've seen about three now like that . CNN : Do you think Michonne can be seen as someone to look up to , or do you try to play her that way ? Gurira : What you have to do as an artist is invest your character with as much life and dimension , and stick to what 's written . You stay true to that -- you do n't think "  let me make this character someone to look up to . " I do n't know how to play that . All you can do is function in the character that 's been crafted . However she resonates , I just have to go with that . You really ca n't bank on that . The beauty of the show is that -- and I share this with her -- we 're not people pleasers . And the writers are amazing , so they know exactly how to give her a story that 's rich -- we have wonderful conversations and I 'm able to collaborate with them in terms of what they 're going for , and I give my all to that fiction . CNN : What has been the toughest scene for you so far ? Gurira : Shooting the Hershel death scene was very difficult emotionally for us . It was very tough . That was definitely way up there . CNN : Do you own an action figure of Michonne ? Gurira : I get given them , I do n't go out and buy them . There 's been a lot of stuff lately , so I do n't know if I 've kept up with it ! The initial stuff that came out , I definitely have most of it . I 've given away some of it . CNN : Was it interesting to see yourself as an action figure ? Gurira : It was , it was ! The first time I got the model -- it was very different and unexpected . It was n't something I thought of in acting school . It was pretty darn cool ! "  When I get into the world , I want to have an action figure ! " I never dreamed that dream , but to see it was very cool .	Fans have loved "  The Walking Dead 's " sword-wielding character Michonne Danai Gurira was introduced as Michonne at the end of season two Gurira tells CNN about what to expect for the second half of this season Gurira is blown away by the fan support and having her own action figure
Benghazi , Libya  CNN  -- Doctors at a field hospital in Martyrs Square in Zawiya said Friday that 17 people were killed and another 150 were wounded when government forces attacked the city . They predicted the death toll would rise by morning . Six pro-regime soldiers who were captured said they had been told that the city was being run by Arab militants and it was their job to liberate it , according to the doctors , who asked not to be identified . The soldiers added that they had been misled so that they would fight against their countrymen , the doctors said . By the end of the day , the situation was calm in the seaside city , they said . The casualties were announced shortly after Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi accused followers of al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden of brainwashing the youth of Zawiya with hallucinogenic drugs , resulting in the unrest . "  They put it with milk or with other drinks , spiked drinks , " he said . After taking the tablets , "  they attack this police station or that one so they can steal from there the criminal records . " He pleaded with the protesters ' mothers to track them down in the streets of the coastal town about 55 kilometers  about 35 miles  west of Tripoli and take them home . He added that he had ordered an end to the violence there , but his order upset his security forces . "  They told me they are being shot at and they were doing it in self-defense , " Gadhafi said . "  Why do you give us orders to stop ? " Addressing the people of Zawiya , he sent condolences to the families of the dead and wounded . "  These are our children , " he said . "  We are quite upset about the senseless loss of lives . " Zawiya 's residents are free to do as they like , though there will be consequences , he said . "  If you want to pit against one another , then it 's up to you , " he said . "  But the borders of the city will be sealed in order to stop it from spreading elsewhere . " He added , "  How can such lunatic youth cause such anarchy ? " Gadhafi said Libya has peaceful ways for its citizens to address their grievances . "  We are not like Egypt or Tunisia , " he said , referring to two countries that have ousted their leaders in recent weeks . "  Here , the authority is in the hands of the people . You can change your authority , just make committees . And if you think they are corrupt , take them to court . Prosecute them . " In an apparent allusion to calls for government officials to be held accountable for violence against Libyan civilians , Gadhafi said it is bin Laden who should be prosecuted . "  He 's responsible for any acts of murder or sabotage , " Gadhafi said . He accused foreigners of fomenting the discontent . "  These acts can not happen by Libyan men , " he said . "  No Libyan of any background would go into this , join these acts of sabotage . " Some of the people involved in the opposition , he said , were detained by the United States in Guantanamo . Finally , he expressed confidence that all will end up will for his regime . "  I believe Zawiya will toe the line , " he said , then directed his final comment to the city 's residents themselves . "  Please live up to my expectations , people of Zawiya . " A resident of Tripoli who said she was too afraid to give her name for fear of retribution , called Kadhafi 's speech "  crazy . " "  We 're all in our houses like we 're sitting in jail , " she said . "  We ca n't go outside or we get shot . We hear the bullets . " She called for other nations to impose a no-fly zone so that Kadhafi would not be able to fly in mercenaries . Violence occurred elsewhere too Thursday . A formerly pro-government newspaper in Libya reported Thursday that African mercenaries were shooting at unarmed civilians in Tajura , about 25 miles east of Tripoli . CNN could not confirm the report . Ten days into protests that have resulted in his loss of control of eastern Libya and led members of his government to defect , Gadhafi faced new international pressure Thursday . Switzerland ordered that his assets , and those of his entourage , be frozen , the Swiss Foreign Ministry said . Gadhafi 's characteristically rambling remarks followed reports that anti-government forces had gained control of Zawiya . At the hospital , a woman who said her son had been shot told CNN , "  Blood is all over the streets . " The woman said unarmed people had been fired on indiscriminately . "  We want to call all human beings : Zawiya is finished , " she said . "  The people  are  finished . The people  are  dying . " She said it was unclear who was behind were shooting . Many seemed to be African mercenaries , but they may have been from the government or military , she said . "  People are crying , " she said , calling for help from the world . "  Where  are  the people ? Where is the peace ? " The hospital in Zawiya is "  a disaster , " she said , adding that some shooters had entered the hospital and insisted that no one was killed . CNN could not confirm reports for many areas in Libya . The Libyan government maintains tight control of communications and has not responded to repeated requests for access to the country . CNN has interviewed numerous witnesses by phone . Misrata -- sometimes spelled Misurata -- is in the hands of the opposition , who have driven out the mercenaries , witnesses and media reports said . It is the country 's third-largest city and is east of Tripoli . Witnesses and reports also said the town of Az Zintan was under opposition control . The opposition already controls Libya 's second-largest city , Benghazi , where crowds cheered as international journalists drove through . The only shooting that could be heard was celebratory gunfire . Men in their 20s were guarding the city with shotguns , clubs or hunting knives . But Tripoli was a different story . Gunfire erupted at dawn Thursday as chanting crowds dispersed . Government security forces were tightening their grip on the capital , according to sources . In one neighborhood , no one was allowed in or out . "  There 's nobody walking in the street , nobody is trying to get out , even to look through the window , " said a resident who , for security reasons , did not want to be identified . "  It 's a little scary . " She said she was risking her life by talking to a reporter . "  I 've been trying to keep my identity hidden , " the woman said . "  There are reported kidnappings happening in homes for anybody credible that is talking to the media and giving them the truth about what 's happening in Libya . " Continuing a stream of defections among Libyan diplomats , the ambassador to Jordan , Mohammed Hassan Al Barghathi , said Thursday he was resigning because of the unrest . So , too , did a cousin of Gadhafi , Ahmed Gadhaf al-Dam , a top security official who was considered one of Gadhafi 's closest aides . In a news release , his office said he left Libya last week "  in protest of the way the crisis was handled " and that he had resigned . Underscoring the growing distance between the Gadhafi regime and Libyan diplomats , the flag hanging outside the Libyan Mission to the United Nations in New York was the opposition flag ; the regime 's flag had been taken down . But an anchor on state television said that Libyan diplomats and staff in Saudi Arabia had sent a cable of support "  paying their respective loyalty to the leader of Libya . " The U.N. Security Council will meet privately at 3 p.m. Friday to discuss taking additional measures against Libya . The U.N. Human Rights Council also plans to meet Friday to discuss a resolution that would suspend Libya from the council . The resolution would condemn "  the massive and unacceptable violence currently being perpetrated in this country , " French Foreign Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Thursday in a statement . "  It holds the Libyan authorities accountable . This violence could constitute crimes against humanity . " Governments around the world scrambled to get their citizens out of the country . A ferry chartered by the United States to evacuate U.S. citizens remained in port in Tripoli because of bad weather , diplomatic sources said . Dena Drotar said her mother , who was on the ship , told her that her fellow passengers were being fed , but were anxious and having difficulty sleeping , "  so they 're also getting a little bit giddy . " In Washington , a senior U.S. military official said the Pentagon was looking at "  all options " it can offer President Barack Obama in dealing with the crisis . "  Our job is to give options from the military side , and that is what we are thinking about now , " said the official , who declined to be identified because of the extremely sensitive nature of the situation . "  We will provide the president with options should he need them . " Obama called French President Nicolas Sarkozy to discuss the situation , and both presidents "  reiterated their demand for an immediate halt to the use of force against the civilian population , " the French Embassy said . CNN 's Richard Roth , Saad Abedine , Waffa Munayyer , Pam Benson , Ben Brumfield , Amir Ahmed , Ingrid Formanek , Eve Bower , Salma Abdelaziz , Mitra Mobasherat and Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	NEW : Reports of 17 dead , 150 wounded in coastal city of Zawiya , near Tunisia Switzerland freezes Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's assets Gadhafi accuses followers of Osama bin Laden of brainwashing youth of Zawiya Portions of eastern Libya are under the control of the opposition
LAVONIA , Georgia  CNN  -- Sonya Savage 's back door opens to a cozy wooden porch that serves as a shelter for her 9-year-old son 's bicycles and spare parts . Residents of Beaver Creek in Lavonia , Georgia , say they had no idea a neighbor was holding his family captive . A 30-foot tract of red clay and splotchy crab grass separates her mobile home from the home of Raymond Daniel Thurmond , a residence so rank and squalid that it forced a seasoned police investigator to vomit upon entering . Another officer donned a gas mask just to walk inside . Savage and her neighbors say they had no clue that Thurmond , 36 , had a wife , let alone four kids ; they were also oblivious that Thurmond may have held the five hostage in the three-bedroom mobile home for three years . "  My son , he 's a little bicycle mechanic . He 's always in the backyard , and he do n't recall ever seeing nobody over here , " said Savage , 29 , who also has a 4-year-old daughter . "  Usually I 've got a yard full of kids , but I 've never seen any of those kids come out and play . " Savage recalls speaking to Thurmond once , after someone stole one of her son 's bike tires . Thurmond kindly told Savage he had n't seen anything suspicious . "  He was nice , polite , seemed like a normal guy , " she said . Watch a walk-through of the filth " Alma Medina , the property manager for the 100-unit Beaver Creek mobile home park , lives three doors from what is now a crime scene . She remembers Thurmond was a polite fellow . He always called her "  Miss Alma " when he dropped by the office to explain that his rent was late , a routine occurrence that eventually led Medina 's maintenance man to a foul discovery . She occasionally saw Thurmond mingling with other tenants , but she never saw his family . The only indication that one existed , Medina said , was that he and his wife both signed a lease August 22 , 2005 , and noted on their application that they had three sons and a daughter . "  I never saw them outside , never , " she said . See what the trailer looked like " Lavonia , a city of about 2,000 on Interstate 85 , about five miles from South Carolina and the sprawling Lake Hartwell , is not the best place to keep secrets . The locals know each other , if only by face , and the police chief personally directs school traffic and walks the entire town daily to check on local businesses . The self-professed "  big-time small town " has its share of crime , but has n't seen a murder in six years . Lt. Missy Collins , the investigator who had Thurmond arrested Tuesday after a two-week investigation , said her husband used to work with Thurmond at a pump-manufacturing facility in nearby Toccoa . Chief Bruce Carlisle remembers seeing the burly 6-foot-4 Thurmond around town , at hardware and grocery stores . He generally wore shorts , work boots and a tank top or sleeveless shirt . Carlisle and Thurmond were n't acquainted , but the chief heard he was always cordial . "  You never saw anybody with him , " the chief said . Authorities never had a problem with Thurmond until August 4 , when Collins received a call from a women 's shelter . "  They said they had a mother and four kids , and apparently they 'd been kept at home , and there was some abuse allegations and the dad would n't let them leave , " Collins said . Collins interviewed the women and children , who all gave the same story : Thurmond had forced the wife , three sons  9 , 13 and 14 years old  and his 12-year-old daughter to remain inside . Police are still investigating how . Medina on Wednesday provided CNN a tour of the trailer that revealed a hasp , used to secure a door with a padlock , that had been fastened to the mobile home 's back door . Holes on the inside of the front door and on one of the children 's bedroom doors indicate hasps had been placed there as well , Medina said . Collins said police are not sure if padlocks were the only way Thurmond imprisoned his family . There is no indication Thurmond had any accomplices , but he was prone to bouts of rage . Collins said Thurmond had once allegedly raped his wife with the children in the next room . Watch Collins explain how Thurmond instilled fear " "  The entire family lived in fear of this man , " the investigator said . "  Just his presence alone was enough for them to comply . " They had never left the trailer except for a few hours in April , when Thurmond allowed them to visit his in-laws in North Carolina . Collins said the wife 's parents had been sending the family money and threatened to cease sending cash if their daughter and grandchildren did n't visit . The wife 's mother answered the phone Wednesday , but said she had been told not to speak to the media . It is unclear by whom . Her parents ' names are being withheld to protect the woman 's identity . Collins said she is not certain exactly what emboldened the family to flee the filthy trailer , but the mother told police that Thurmond had said he was leaving her for another woman . He 'd be back in a few days , he told her , and he 'd left some food for them , Collins said . The food was insufficient , Collins said , but she is not sure if it was hunger or ire over the mistress that provided the impetus to leave -- "  only the mother could really tell you why . " When Collins interviewed the family , all but one of the children were pale and thin , she said . Only one , the 14-year-old , had ever attended school , and though the mother said the other children were home-schooled , the children told Collins that Thurmond would n't buy them school supplies . When Collins visited the home , the only educational implement she found was an old dictionary , she said . After interviewing the family , Collins launched a manhunt that ended without incident Tuesday at Thurmond 's workplace , a poultry processing plant in neighboring Stephens County . About the time Collins kicked off her hunt for Thurmond , Medina was growing frustrated that he had n't paid his rent . On August 6 , after Thurmond had n't responded to a notice on his door threatening eviction , Medina sent her maintenance man to the mobile home . He returned disturbed and told Medina he had n't entered the home , she said . "  I want you to see this with your own eyes , " she recalled the maintenance worker telling her . "  You better wear some shoes and gloves or something . " The kitchen floor was rotted . Heavy , brown stains covered both toilets . There were anthills under a mattress in the master bedroom . Roaches freely roamed the inside of the refrigerator , and maggots owned the stove . There were several piles of trash , including one reaching the laundry room ceiling and a mound of Diet Mountain Dew bottles between a recliner and the living room couch . Tufts of human hair were scattered on the kitchen floor among bags of fetid trash . Watch how the home remained squalid after a week of cleaning " Collins said she went behind an adjacent mobile home and vomited when she and another officer first opened the door . This was after the windows had been opened to air out the residence . Collins said she had never experienced such a stench -- this from a police investigator who as recently as last week rode in an ambulance with a corpse that had been pulled from a burning building . When Collins went in the bathroom and pulled back the once-clear-but-now-chocolate-brown shower curtain , it revealed so many roaches that the bathtub floor appeared to be moving . On Wednesday , after a week of cleaning that has already yielded two Dumpsters of trash , dozens of roaches still scurried across the floor and walls . A stench still lingered , and a film of bug feces covered the kitchen counters . Medina said she has to gut the entire trailer and replace the floor , walls and ceiling before she can rent it again . Collins said rebuilding the family may take more work . As of Thursday morning , Thurmond still did n't have an attorney and no bail hearing had been set , Collins said . In an interrogation after his arrest , Thurmond seemed "  even-tempered " and did n't behave like someone being charged with rape and a host of other felonies , Collins said . Though he was not forthcoming and admitted nothing during the interview , Collins said , one aspect of his behavior stoked her suspicion . "  If I had been arrested and had n't done anything , my first reaction would be , ` Where 's my wife and kids ? ' " Collins said . "  He did n't even ask until he was behind bars . "	Neighbors say they saw Daniel Thurmond on occasion but never his wife , kids Investigator says wife , children fled after Thurmond said he had a mistress Lavonia a small town where police chief directs school traffic , patrols town on foot Thurmond charged with rape , cruelty to children , false imprisonment
As his plane made a rapid descent to normalize cabin pressure , a Southwest Airlines pilot went on the plane 's loudspeaker and apparently told passengers the aircraft was going down . "  At first it sounded like someone was coming over the PA to talk . Then it sounded like shots through the cabin , twice , back to back , " passenger Grace Stroud told CNN . "  Seconds later , the panicked captain said , ` We 're in trouble ; we 're going down . ' " The flight attendants then began securing the bins , she told "  CNN Newsroom " in a separate interview . One told the captain to deploy the oxygen masks . "  I 'm sure everybody went through their private moments , " Stroud said . "  My moment was , ` OK , so this is how I 'm going to die , ' and ` At least it will be quick . ' " Another passenger , Shelley Wills , told CNN affiliate WTVD that the pilot made the remarks as the plane went into a nosedive when it neared the Raleigh-Durham International Airport . "  He said , ` We 're going down . ' And everyone is looking around like , ` Is this a joke ? Is he serious ? ' And then you felt the nosedive . " Soon after , the Boeing 737 leveled out and made an emergency landing at the Raleigh airport . Pilot 's deadly in-flight heart attack threatens flight Asked about the WTVD report , a Southwest spokeswoman said it was inaccurate . "  Our pilot said he was descending to 10,000 feet . The report was not accurate from this customer . We landed safely , " spokeswoman Whitney Eichinger told CNN . But in an e-mail the airline sent Stroud , it acknowledged what Stroud suspected may have happened . "  As the captain was communicating his plan with the flight attendants , he inadvertently activated the PA system in the cabin , " the e-mail said . "  We sincerely regret any confusion caused by the relay of the information . " Passenger lands plane after pilot falls ill Southwest Airlines Flight 3426 had taken off from Tampa , Florida , and was headed to Raleigh . As it approached its destination , the pilot noticed a loss of cabin pressure -- prompting him to make a earlier-than-usual descent . "  As the checklist mandates when there is a pressurization issue , our captain did communicate with flight attendants over the PA that he was initiating a descent to a lower altitude , " Eichinger said . "  The issue resolved itself , which is also not uncommon , and the aircraft landed normally at Raleigh-Durham . " Photos : Amazing airplanes crashes with no loss of life For her part , Stroud said , "  I know what I heard . " She said she talked to others seated around her , and they all agreed they heard the pilot say the same thing . The FAA says it is investigating the incident . For the "  uneasy feelings " the experience may have caused her , Stroud was offered a voucher good toward a future flight . Plane blows engine , loses power : ` We 're gon na crash ! '	Passenger : "  The panicked captain said , ` We 're in trouble ; we 're going down ' " Airline says pilot inadvertently activated the PA system The FAA is investigating
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli authorities stepped up security at Tel Aviv 's Ben Gurion airport Sunday as hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists were due to arrive in the country in a "  fly-in " campaign to protest Israel 's policies in the West Bank . Some activists were barred from entering the country for refusing to promise not to engage in disorderly conduct , but Israel did allow some other activists to enter , Israeli officials said . By Sunday night , 60 activists had been refused entry at the airport , Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said . Nine protesters were arrested for attempting to disrupt order at the airport , Rosenfeld said . He said there were 500 police officials there . Mazin Qumsiyeh , a spokesman for the "  Welcome to Palestine " campaign , said that more than 1,000 uniformed and plain clothes security officers were at the airport , in what he called a sign of "  unprecedented Israeli hysteria and paranoia . " Authorities "  violently arrested " the nine activists , he said . Activists who were sent home were being given a letter sarcastically thanking them for "  choosing to make Israel the object of your humanitarian concerns . " The letter says protesters could have focused on "  the Syrian regime 's daily savagery against its own people , " or the actions of Iran or Hamas , but instead "  chose to protest against Israel , the Middle East 's sole democracy , " according to a copy posted on Twitter by Ofir Gendelman , a spokesman for Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu . "  We therefore suggest that you first solve the real problems of the region , and then come back and share with us your experience . Have a nice flight , " the letter says . Organizers of the "  fly-in " event said some 1,500 to 2,000 activists mainly from Europe , the United States , and Canada would board civilian flights for Israel in order to make their way to various events in Bethlehem and other West Bank cities . By Sunday night , only three activists who flew in had made it to Bethlehem from the Tel Aviv airport , they said . Another 20 had entered a few days before after crossing a land bridge between Jordan and Israel . One of the activists who made it through said 27 other people who had flown with her from Lyon , France , had been detained . The woman , a French citizen named Tanya , declined to provide her last name because she said she feared repercussions from the authorities . Activists told reporters Sunday that the event would be a success , no matter how many people participated . "  Our success is measured in terms of the media publicity the Welcome to Palestine campaign made in shedding light on the true fate of Israel 's dictatorship and apartheid , " organizer Abdel Fatah Abu Srour said . Another organizer criticized Israel 's letter . "  I tell Israel they are contradicting themselves about their so-called democracy when they are deporting and detaining people who are coming to visit Palestinians , " said Amira Mussalam . Activists said they were trying to draw attention to what they claim are prejudicial Israeli border policies that force many international visitors coming to Palestinian areas to lie about their destinations . "  We believe , like prisoners in prisons , we are entitled to receive visitors and Palestinians under Israeli occupation are also entitled to receive visitors , " Qumsiyeh said . "  So we are entitled to get international visitors to come and visit and show solidarity with us to learn about the situation , but Israel chooses to prevent these people from coming . " On Sunday , he said a number of activists had reached the West Bank , but did not say how many . The activists who were denied entry on Sunday were from Portugal , Canada , Switzerland , France , Spain and Italy , said population and migration authority spokeswoman Sabin Hadad . Last year , organizers staged a similar event and Israel authorities detained and deported dozens of activists who entered the country . On Tuesday , Israel 's public security minister , Yitzhak Aharonovitch called activists "  provocateurs " and told Israeli news portal Ynet that they would "  be dealt with in a determined and quick way , " adding that "  If they arrive in Israel they will be identified , removed from the plane , their entry into Israel will be prevented and they will be moved to a detention facility until they are flown out of Israel . " To that end , Israeli officials have been in touch with airlines and provided them with lists of people who are forbidden from entering the country . "  Usually airlines do n't allow these people to embark , because then they have to cover the expense of the return flight , " said Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor . "  What we did last year is we had a list of number of people who have been banned from entering the country in the past , and others who will be banned now because they have openly declared that they will come here to disturb public order in one way or another , " Palmor said . Palmor said arriving passengers who are denied an entrance visa have the right to appeal but could face three days in detention before their hearing . On Sunday , one activist in the United Kingdom said she was in a group of 30 passengers who were blocked from boarding a flight from Manchester to Tel Aviv . "  Israel was able to stop us , British passport-holders , and Israel has the power to extend its apartheid to other countries and borders , " activist Norma Turner said . Qumsiyeh insists the event is entirely peaceful in nature and suggested that Israeli authorities were over-reacting . "  The Israeli internal security is paranoid and is turning the airport into a military camp . They want to arrest the activists and are calling us provocateurs and demonstrators as they always do " Qumsiyeh said . "  The activists are coming peacefully and will visit the West Bank and help us build a community school and then they will go home with no problems , Israel is creating the problems and not us . " CNN 's Guy Azriel contributed to this report .	NEW : 60 activists have been refused entry , a police official says 1,500 to 2,000 Palestinian suppporters want to fly in from Europe , the U.S. and Canada Activists plan to go to events in Bethlehem and other West Bank cities , they say Israel is sending some home with a saracastic letter about the region
CNN  -- For Mitt Romney , it 's not just a question -- it 's more like a campaign illness he 'd like to cure once and for all . "  I was hoping I would be asked that question . Great . It 's about time , " Romney joked at a recent GOP forum in New Hampshire . The question , of course , was about the health care reform bill Romney signed into law as governor of Massachusetts in 2006 . "  Ours is an experiment . Some parts did n't work , " he explained to the crowd . What many tea party conservatives ca n't stand about the Massachusetts health care law dubbed "  Romneycare " is the plan 's individual mandate that requires people in that state to buy medical insurance or pay a tax penalty . The Wall Street Journal in an editorial on Thursday slammed Romney 's reluctance to reject the individual mandate . "  If he does not change his message , he might as well try to knock off Joe Biden and get on the Obama ticket , " the newspaper wrote . Republicans and Democrats alike see "  Romneycare " as the prototype for what conservatives deride as "  Obamacare . " A similar mandate in the president 's health care law is being challenged in federal courts . It 's a tight box for Romney : He must convince his fellow Republicans to look past the very health care reform provision that 's at the heart of those court challenges . "  The individual mandate is a deal-breaker . People do not want to see government dictating that they purchase what is a private product . We think that 's a disaster , " said Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity . The group is a prominent tea party organizer that also happens to be led by libertarian billionaire David Koch . Phillips is one of countless tea party activists who want to hear Romney reject the mandate . "  I think it will be difficult for a lot of voters to get around if the individual mandate is not repudiated , " Phillips said . That would be tricky for Romney who has repeatedly defended such mandates as a way to get the uninsured into the health care system . "  In order to get the tax exemption that you would normally get , you have to have health insurance because we want everyone in the system . No more free riders , " Romney said in a 2009 interview with CNN . In the same interview , Romney suggested that parts of the Massachusetts experiment could serve as a model for national health care reform . "  I think there are a number of features in the Massachusetts plan that could inform Washington on ways to improve health care for all Americans , " Romney said . Democrats have quotes like that cued up for the 2012 campaign . In a February speech to the National Governors Association , Obama announced his administration 's plan to give states more flexibility in implementing the new national health care law . The president worked in a dig at Romney . "  I agree with Mitt Romney , who recently said he 's proud of what he accomplished on health care in Massachusetts and supports giving states the power to determine their own health care solutions . He 's right , " Obama said . "  Mr. President , why did n't you call and ask how it worked , " Romney responded at that GOP forum in New Hampshire . It will be a hard sell for Republicans . Former Arkansas governor and potential 2012 rival Mike Huckabee has described "  Romneycare " as "  socialized medicine . " Romney has said repeatedly the Massachusetts law is not perfect . In speech after speech , the former governor has claimed the plan was never intended as a "  one-size fits all " program for the country . "  We should learn from what 's working and what 's not working in Massachusetts , " Romney told CNN in 2009 . The former governor , who has yet to declare his candidacy for 2012 , has a new health care plan that he is to release Thursday . It would repeal and replace the national health care law . Instead , states would be allowed to conduct their own experiments in health care reform . It 's a potentially defining issue for a campaign that has n't officially launched . "  Somehow he 's got to convince the tea party people that he 's learned from his mistake without admitting he made a mistake . Good luck , " said Larry Sabato with the University of Virginia Center for Politics . Romney 's staff says do n't expect an apology for "  Romneycare . " After all , this is a man whose latest book is entitled "  No Apology . "	Mitt Romney is the former governor of Massachusetts and 2008 GOP presidential nominee Romney is under fire for a health care plan he signed into law as governor Republicans and Democrats see "  Romneycare " as the prototype for what conservatives deride as "  Obamacare "
Washington  CNN  -- A federal judge from Montana and the dean of Harvard 's law school are among several names being added to the short list of potential nominees to the U.S. Supreme Court , a government source said . Sidney Thomas , a 14-year veteran on the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit , is being vetted by the White House , said the source , who has been regularly consulted in the selection process . Two women who were not on other published lists of potential candidates are now being seriously considered . Harvard Law school dean Martha Minow has been on the school 's faculty since 1981 . And Elizabeth Warren heads the Congressional Oversight Panel , which reviews government efforts to boost the shaky financial and private investment sector . Neither woman has judicial experience . Sources close to the selection process said the new names represent an effort to expand what had been a short list of candidates , many of them left over after last year 's court vacancy was filled by Justice Sonia Sotomayor . Some White House officials have been urging the president to expand the list of possibles to include more non-judges and people with different backgrounds and from other regions of the country . All the current justices except the retiring John Paul Stevens are Ivy League law school graduates . Thomas , who is white , was born in Bozeman , Montana , in 1953 . He is little-known and has attracted little fanfare beyond the San Francisco , California-based court , which is considered the most liberal among the nation 's 13 appeals courts . Among rulings he authored was a 2006 decision in Nadarajah v. Gonzalez , in which Thomas concluded that the government illegally detained Ahilan Nadarajah for four years while the Justice Department appealed a grant of asylum . The man is a member of the Tamil ethnic minority and asserted that he was tortured and persecuted by members of the Sinhalese majority . Minow is the daughter of former Federal Communications Commission head Newt Minow . She clerked for former Justice Thurgood Marshall . In her mid-50s , Minow replaced as dean the woman considered near the top of potential high court nominees , Elena Kagan , now solicitor general . Warren is also a Harvard law professor . She has been a regular on the talk-show circuit , including CNN , to discuss the economy 's effect on families . The Oklahoma native has also co-authored two books with her daughter . One name mentioned by some analysts for years as a potential blockbuster choice has been all but ruled out for consideration . Supporters of Hillary Clinton have long touted her credentials , but White House spokesman Tommy Vietor said Monday that the president "  thinks Secretary Clinton is doing an excellent job as secretary of state and wants her to remain in that position . " The White House has given no indication when Obama will name a successor to Stevens , who announced Friday that he will retire this year . Stevens has been on the high court nearly 35 years and leads the four-justice liberal bloc .	Appellate judge , Harvard law dean , Harvard professor among possibles Sources say White House attempting to look beyond last year 's candidates Justice John Paul Stevens announced his retirement last week
CNN Student News  -- October 9 , 2013 CNN Student News takes a by-the-numbers look at the partial U.S. government shutdown , as it stretches into its second week . We also report on Russia 's upcoming Winter Olympics , and we discuss an outbreak of Salmonella . Plus , we explain why the $ 100 bill got a facelift , and we meet a CNN Hero who aims to help disabled American veterans . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , Maps pertaining to today 's show , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Do opinion polls have value in a news report ? If so , in what way ? If not , why not ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Olympic flame 2 . Salmonella 3 . counterfeit money Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . According to the report , what percentage of federal workers are currently furloughed as part of the partial U.S. government shutdown ? 2 . Where are the Winter Olympics being held next year ? How is that city preparing for the games ? 3 . What is known about a recent Salmonella outbreak in the U.S. ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Do you think the partial U.S. government shutdown will have a political impact on members of Congress and the president ? If so , how ? If not , why not ? 2 . Why do you think that authorities have concerns about counterfeit money ? What could they do to combat it ? What are your thoughts on the new U.S. $ 100 bill ? 3 . What kinds of resources might wounded service members need upon their return to the U.S. ? How might communities and organizations help meet these needs ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . MAPS Download PDF maps related to today 's show : North America Washington , D.C. Europe Russia FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and Maps Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Thirteen-year-old Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , spelled "  laodicean , " Thursday night to take top honors in the 82nd annual Scripps National Spelling Bee . Kavya Shivashankar of Olathe , Kansas , reacts to winning the Scripps National Spelling Bee on Thursday night . The eighth-grader won $ 40,000 in cash and prizes for nailing the final word . Pronounced lay-odd-uh-see-an , the word means lukewarm or indifferent , particularly in matters of politics or religion . This year 's bee -- an event that has skyrocketed in popularity , thanks to exposure on television and in movies -- started on Tuesday in Washington with a record 293 spellers . The competition went 15 rounds . Spellers ranged from 9 to 15 years old . According to the contest 's Web site , 117 of the spellers speak languages other than English , and English was not the first language of 33 of the spellers . The first National Spelling Bee was in 1925 and featured nine contestants . In an event that has seen contestants visibly crack under the strain of the national spotlight in past years , Shivashankar -- competing in her fourth national finals -- appeared composed throughout . As she spelled words that included "  phoresy , " "  hydrargyrum " and "  huisache , " she calmly went through the routine of asking each word 's pronunciations , origin and roots before ticking them off for the judges . Her father , who is her spelling coach , would tap his foot in time as she spelled the words and at one point appeared so confident that he waved to someone while his daughter was in the middle of spelling a word . Second-place finisher Tim Ruiter of Reston , Virginia , bowed out after misspelling "  Maecenas , " a generous patron of the arts . Jill Biden , wife of Vice President Joe Biden , was in the audience to watch the finals , which were nationally televised on ABC . Shivashankar attends California Trail Junior High School . Her hobbies including swimming , cycling and traditional Indian dance , according to the contest 's Web site . She plans to become a neurosurgeon . CNN 's Devon Sayers contributed to this report .	Eighth-grader Kavya Shivashankar wins $ 40,000 in cash and prizes 82nd annual Scripps National Spelling Bee goes 15 rounds Record 293 spellers compete ; ages range from 9 to 15 Event has skyrocketed in popularity , thanks to exposure on TV and in movies
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Always short of time ? Not enough moments in the day ? Tonight you 'll get an extra second to enjoy 2008 . Use it wisely ; perhaps an extra long smooch is called for . An extra second will be added to 2008 to align clocks with variations in the Earth 's time . Immediately before midnight a leap second -- the first for three years -- will be added to atomic clocks around the world by official timekeepers . Peter Whibberley , a senior research scientist at Britain 's National Physical Laboratory , said the Earth 's erratic rotation meant an extra second needed to be added . "  The difference between atomic time and Earth time has now built up to the point where it needs to be corrected , so this New Year 's Eve we will experience a rare 61 second minute at the very end of 2008 and revelers ... will have an extra second to celebrate . " Traditionally time has been based on the passage of the Sun across the sky -- a modern version of this is still used by astronomers to track distant stars and spacecraft . However , since 1967 , an atomic timescale -- the extremely accurate Coordinated Universal Time  UTC  -- has been the world 's official clock and is used for broadcasting time signals across the world . The accuracy of UTC is essential for the smooth running of the Internet . By comparison , the Earth is far less reliable . It does not rotate at a constant speed -- it can even wobble -- and disruptions to its core , extreme weather , volcanic eruptions and earthquakes can influence the length of a day . Therefore , leap seconds are occasionally added to align atomic time with astronomical time and ensure that the Sun remains overhead at noon . Whibberley told British media anyone sober enough and who had a digital clock that picked up leap second information from a reliable source , would see the final seconds of 2008 as 57 , 58 , 59 , 60 , 00 -- with 60 being the extra second .	A leap second will be added to atomic clocks on New Year 's Eve Additional second is needed because the Earth "  wobbles " World 's official timekeepers will add the second to atomic clocks
CNN  Blame Joshuah Purdy Brown . Or , if you prefer , P.T. Barnum . It 's thanks to those 19th-century promoters that the elephant rose to become the circus 's king of beasts -- the living symbol of "  The Greatest Show on Earth . " "  This is something that has been a big deal historically , " says circus historian Janet Davis , an American studies professor at the University of Texas . Traditionally , she observes , elephants are the stars of the parade when circuses come to town . There was even a 19th-century phrase , "  to see the elephant , " a euphemism used by soldiers for seeing battle , recognizing the wonder and rarity of these giant animals . On Thursday , Ringling Brothers , part of the Feld Entertainment firm , announced that it would be ending use of elephants by 2018 . It 's a startling change for the show , which has made the giant pachyderms a centerpiece of its presentation for decades and weathered criticism for their treatment from animal rights groups . CNNMoney : The Greatest Show on Earth will soon be without elephants Brown was perhaps the first to make elephants a part of the circus atmosphere . The modern circus only dates back to around 1770 , the invention of an Englishman named Philip Astley , who added jugglers , acrobats and clowns to his equestrian show .  The term "  circus " comes from the ancient Romans , although the Roman version was closer to a sporting event featuring soldiers , and it could be quite bloody . Astley 's circus was such a huge success that he created one in Paris , and his students and acolytes -- knowing a good idea when they saw one -- brought the circus to other cities . To this day , the ringmaster wears elegant riding clothes because of the circus ' equestrian roots . Brown , a shrewd marketer who was also responsible for making the circus a tented traveling show , added a "  menagerie " to the event to help combat the form 's sometimes seedy reputation . "  Circuses in this era were really for adults , and not marketed for children at all , " says Davis . Brown 's show , by adding a menagerie tent to the circus tent , could market their shows as educationally uplifting by "  showing people the wonders of the animal world , " she adds . By the 1850s , elephants were regular circus attractions . Then came Barnum . In the early 1870s , the clever entrepreneur , who had made his fortune with such acts as the "  Feejee Mermaid , " singer Jenny Lind and a New York-based museum of curiosities , created P.T. Barnum 's Museum , Menagerie and Circus . "  They had exotic animals from the four corners of the earth , and you had to go through the menagerie first and then you went to your seat in the big top , " Deborah Walk , curator of collections for the Ringling Museums , told PBS for a 2010 documentary called "  Circus . " "  There was no way to miss the menagerie -- it was all part of the educational outreach to get people to go to the show . " Barnum and his partner made the circus an efficient business , running it on the railroad to far-flung destinations and transporting their animals long distances . "  Elephants become this incredibly important signature part of the circus , " says Davis . The beasts were huge attractions . When Barnum announced he was going to bring a white elephant back from Asia , a competitor whitewashed his own elephant and engaged in a media war .  The clash popularized the term "  white elephant . "  Another Barnum purchase , the African elephant Jumbo , was the centerpiece of his circus , and when Jumbo died in 1885 , the victim of a train accident , the news made worldwide headlines . The attitudes towards elephants , and circus animals in general , started changing in the early 20th century , says Davis . For one thing , until World War I , the circus was the king of the entertainment circuit : "  There were no movies , radio or television to compete with the wonders of the circus ring and little traffic congestion or parking problems to impede those who sought to attend , " wrote Bob Brooke in History magazine . And in recent decades animal-rights activists have increasingly protested against the use of performing mammals such as elephants and killer whales , demanding better treatment for them . Ringling Brothers and other circus companies have dealt with numerous challenges over the last half-century , including ever-splintering attention for entertainment dollars and the rise of acrobat-based shows such as Cirque du Soleil , which is now a global empire . But "  The Greatest Show on Earth " is still hugely popular , and Davis believes the loss of elephants wo n't affect the circus ' bottom line . Still , she says , there is something special about the majestic animals . At a show she attended in 2013 , the elephants had their own space , and a bunch of children were standing nearby , watching them in awe . "  It was very moving , " she says . "  This physical proximity to these animals is powerful . " When it comes to circus animal acts , are more changes to come ? Are lions and tigers next ? Davis wonders . "  In a way , the elephant is kind of the bellwether animal . I would imagine this is a kind of catalyst , " she says . "  I would imagine that we have not heard the last of the kind of changes that are afoot in terms of animals and circuses . "	Elephants have been symbolic of the circus since the 19th century Ringling Brothers circus is ending use of elephants soon Historian wonders if more changes are to come
Washington  CNN  -- A federal review cites poor judgment by a security guard who found a bag outside a government building in Detroit last year and stashed it under a desk where it remained for weeks -- with neither the guard nor anyone else in the building aware that it contained a bomb . The report by the Homeland Security Department 's office of inspector general released on Wednesday also said the guard 's employer , a contractor , and the federal agency that oversees security at the Patrick V. McNamara Federal Building shared some responsibility as well for the bomb going undetected . "  Although the IED  improvised explosive device  did not explode , it represented a risk to the safety and security of the building and its occupants , " the report said . Previously on CNN.com : Terrorism task force investigates origins of Detroit package After the bomb was discovered it was detonated harmlessly by Detroit police . A Michigan man subsequently was charged with placing the device in a canvas bag outside the building . The canvas bag , containing a small locked Sentry safe , was discovered February 26 , 2011 , outside the 27-story building that houses the FBI and other offices and remained at the guard desk until it was identified as a threat three weeks later . During that time , at least two employees X-rayed it in an unsuccessful attempt to determine its contents . One guard shook it in another failed attempt to learn more , and a federal inspector conducted four routine checks of the guard post without discovering that the bag contained an explosive device , according to the report by the inspector general , an independent watchdog . Rep. Bennie Thompson of Mississippi , the top Democrat on the Republican-led House Homeland Security Committee , asked for the audit to determine whether the guard 's actions violated the private security company 's contract with the Federal Protective Service  FPS  , the government entity that protects federal property . The assistant inspector general for inspections , Carlton Mann , concluded the contractor , DECO Inc. , "  committed multiple breaches of its contract " with the Federal Protective Service . But the report found that the shortcomings "  were the result of poor judgment by the guard , not systemic problems with DECO . " Company officials had reason to believe the guard , who was not identified , "  should have known how to respond to the bag , " the report said . In addition to receiving refresher training just three months before the incident , the guard was a sergeant with the Detroit Police Department . One FPS official asserted that he was one of the best guards in the building , the report said . But on the day of the incident , the guard "  misidentified the bag as found property and never treated it as suspicious , despite not knowing its contents , " the report said . The bag was placed under the security desk in the McNamara building , where other security guards did not consider it suspicious because the space was used to store found property and personal belongings . The Federal Protective Service "  also bears some responsibility for the bag ... remaining in the building for 21 days , " the report said . An FPS inspector did not identify the explosive during four inspections , noting each time that the post was "  clean and orderly " and "  free of unauthorized items . " On March 18 , 2011 -- 21 days after the bag 's discovery -- two guards grew suspicious and screened it . When they could not identify the contents , they notified an FPS inspector , who determined the bag possibly contained an explosive and took appropriate action , the report said . Following the incident , DECO fired the guard in question . Previously on CNN.com : Guard suspended after suspicious package abandoned in federal building "  The guard 's actions were serious breaches that can not be compared easily to other breaches by this company or other guard service companies because there is little precedent , " the report said . DECO also fired a guard and a supervisor who X-rayed the bag and incorrectly identified its contents . A second supervisor resigned before being fired , the report said . Numerous others were suspended , given written warnings , or retrained , it said . Both the Federal Protective Service and DECO told federal auditors they have taken steps to avoid a similar lapse . DECO put in place a plan of corrective action and the FPS is extending DECO 's contract in three-month increments . It plans to solicit a new contract for guard services in Michigan .	A federal review cites poor judgment for undiscovered IED in Detroit in 2011 A guard is singled out , but the security company , agency also share some responsibility The device was later detonated harmlessly , but the review says there still was risk for occupants
CNN  -- "  Linsanity " reached fever pitch late Tuesday after the NBA 's man of the moment , Jeremy Lin , secured a dramatic last-gasp win for the New York Knicks . With barely a second to play , Lin showed nerves of steel in hitting a three-pointer to take the spoils . NBA.com : Watch the game winning shot The Harvard-educated star has taken the world of basketball by storm in recent weeks , going from one-time bench-warmer to team savior . His personal haul of 27 points and 11 assists gave the Knicks their sixth-straight win as they beat the Toronto Raptors 90-87 in Canada . The visitors had trailed by 14 points at one point in the 4th quarter . How the match played out The point guard also surpassed Shaquille O'Neal 's league record for the most points in his first five games as a starter , with 136 points , compared to O'Neal 's 129 . He also got the better of Kobe Bryant -- arguably the NBA 's top player -- last Friday , scoring 38 points in the Knicks ' win over the Los Angeles Lakers . Jeremy Lin : The NBA 's breath of fresh air But his last-second heroics in Toronto will live long in the memory of New York fans . "  I just wanted to make sure I got a good shot at the end of the clock , " Lin said after the game , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  We had so many active hands . Everybody with deflections , rebounds and we clamped it down . "  I 'm thankful that my coach and teammates trust me with the ball at the end of the game . I like having it at the end of the game . " Toronto 's Jose Calderon finished with 25 points , nine assists , and seven rebounds , while Lin 's teammate Amare Stoudemire claimed 21points and nine rebounds on his return to the team after a short absence for personal reasons . The Lin-inspired Knicks are next up against the Sacramento Kings in New York later Wednesday .	Jeremy Lin 's personal haul of 27 points and 11 assists gave the Knicks their sixth-straight win Lin surpassed Shaquille O'Neal 's league record for the most points in his first five starts Toronto 's Jose Calderon finished with 25 points , nine assists , and seven rebounds
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- The three surviving children of civil rights leader Martin Luther King Jr. are moving forward after averting a public trial over the estates of their parents . Bernice King and her brothers Martin Luther King III and Dexter King will split money they have been fighting over . The settlement among Bernice King , Martin Luther King III and Dexter King was announced after 11:30 p.m. Monday , Fulton County Superior Court spokesman Don Plummer said . "  We disagreed with each other , but we still always loved one another , and I think that 's probably the most important factor , " Martin Luther King III said . Bernice King and Martin Luther King III sued Dexter King in July 2008 , one month after accusing him of converting "  substantial funds from the estate 's financial account at Bank of America " for his own use , according to the lawsuit . The lawsuit contended that Dexter King illegally and fraudulently converted estate funds and should be forced to repay the money and reimburse his siblings ' legal costs . The document does not say how much he was accused of taking . The suit also accused Dexter King of failing to provide timely accountings of their father 's estate and said he had n't given his siblings an accounting of finances in years . Dexter King denied the accusations . He said shareholder meetings had not been held in the past few years because of family deaths that disrupted normal routines . The Martin Luther King Jr. estate was also named as a defendant . Dexter King is the corporation 's president and chief executive , in addition to being the estate 's administrator . The three children are the only shareholders in the corporation . Martin Luther King III and Bernice King hold 20 percent of its outstanding shares . The two siblings also accused Dexter King of improperly removing money from the estate of their mother , Coretta Scott King , who died in 2006 . However , Superior Court Judge Ural D. Glanville determined that Dexter King was an authorized signatory on the checking account for his mother 's estate , which is administered by Bernice King . "  There was no improper conduct with respect to the removal of funds from Mrs. King 's estate , " the court said in its order for summary judgment . The judge ordered that money withdrawn be equally divided among the siblings . "  It was a  very long day but also a very triumphant day in that we , as a family , I think , have amicably resolved our differences , " Dexter King said . "  Families love each other . Families have disagreements , " Bernice King said . "  It does n't mean as we go forward we will always agree because that would be a misnomer to say that . " The Kings have 14 days after the signing of Monday 's settlement to each find three possible temporary custodians to manage the estate for at least one year . After the names are submitted to the court , the judge will make a choice , the settlement says . According to the settlement , the appointment of a custodian will give the three children time to heal their relationship as siblings , to develop procedures for managing the corporation that oversees the Martin Luther King Jr. estate and to assure third parties "  as to the validity and enforceability of any agreements . " One of the most bitter disagreements came over the private papers of Coretta Scott King . Dexter King accused his sister of withholding love letters between their parents that he wanted for a proposed $ 1.4 million book deal . The judge ordered that Coretta Scott King 's papers be brought to Freedom Hall at the Martin Luther King Jr. . Center in Atlanta , Georgia , for temporary storage . Martin Luther King Jr. was assassinated in 1968 . HIs oldest child , Yolanda , died in 2007 .	Children of slain civil rights leader decide to split contested money equally Settlement means siblings will avoid trial Bernice King , Martin Luther King III had accused brother of taking estate funds Dexter King , administrator of Martin Luther King Jr. estate , denied accusations
Sydney  CNN  -- Impossible to explain , harder to believe . This week a young man in the prime of his life went to work . He was the envy of many because he loved what he did , and was living a dream he 'd held onto since he was a boy growing up on a farm . He did not come home . A wall did not fall on him , a tractor did not overturn . Enough headlines have already told us that Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes died as a result of a freakish accident . Hit on the head by a ball delivered at about 140 kilometers an hour . In this age of the relentless news cycle , story angles have been sharpened and pointed . Questions need to be asked . One in particular : Could the accident have been avoided ? The simple answer is "  Yes , " but then comes the "  If only . " Not just one , but a crowd of them . If only Phillip 's head had been at a different angle . If only his helmet had provided greater protection . If only bouncers were banned . If only ... the words are never more tormenting than at times of tragedy Somewhere , hiding behind the obvious is a deeper , much more provocative contemplation : If only we -- fans , administrators , the media and players -- did n't encourage danger in sport . But we do . A fast bowler firing throat balls at a squirming batsman . A quarterback blindsided into the turf . Race cars bumper-to-bumper at 150 miles an hour . Unscripted theater Why do we want to watch ? Because such moments are exhilarating . For the fans it is the most captivating unscripted theater . For the administrators it is dollars through the turnstiles , for the media it is back-slaps when the ratings come out , and for the elite athlete ? Well , he or she may not always enjoy every moment of it , but the opportunity to negotiate the fragile line between invincibility and fallibility is one of the most enticing challenges of any risk-associated sport . Phillip Hughes knew that . He felt it too . To see him kick up his heels and punch the air when celebrating a century was not the sign of a champion who 'd had an easy fight . When cricket administrators sit down and analyze frame by excruciating frame of Phillip 's last stand , they will see a picture that is much more complex than a split second of disaster . Nowhere has this become more apparent than in the United States where the NFL has discovered that playing fields stretch well beyond the turf to the courtroom . Legal action by former players over concussion-related brain problems is costing the League hundreds of millions of dollars . At the core of the issue are accusations that officials concealed the danger of concussions while encouraging players to get back on their feet and charge into the fray again . It 's what the fans wanted . It also made for good promo reels . And that of course helped the bucks roll in . Other high impact football codes across the world are taking notice . The days of smelling salts are over . Athletes are commodities All elite sports have their own problems . Needles , Lance Armstrong , and the Tour de France immediately come to mind . And so does English soccer where justice is being sought for Jeff Astle . Twelve years ago an inquest ruled that he had died from brain trauma caused by heading heavy leather balls in the 1950s through to the 70s . Across many sports , there remain many lessons to learn . Sport is always evolving . These days , it is a multi-billion dollar industry . Athletes are commodities , mobile billboards with marketing clauses built into their contracts . They must do what their bosses tell them . Otherwise , it 's "  thanks for your efforts , good luck in the future . " The pressure they face is immense . Again , Phillip Hughes knew that . He was on the brink of a recall to the Australian test team , the highest honor of his sport , his job . Now , he will never get that chance . It 's up to all of us to decide what that really means .	Australian cricketer Phillip Hughes died as a result of a freakish accident Could it have been avoided ? Only if we did n't encourage danger in sport Risk creates captivating unscripted theater for fans and dollars for managers And allows elite sportsmen to negotiate the fragile line between invincibility and fallibility
CNN  -- A Texas inmate escaped from a prison van near Houston after pulling a gun on two guards who were transporting him between prisons , according to a Texas prison statement Monday . Arcade Joseph Comeaux Jr. , 49 , ran away with the guards ' guns and wearing one of their gray correctional officer uniforms , the statement from the Texas Department of Criminal Justice said . Comeaux was serving a life sentence for indecency with a child , aggravated sexual assault and two counts of aggravated assault with a deadly weapon , it said . The escape happened near Baytown , Texas , about 25 miles east of Houston , it said . He was being taken from the Estelle prison in Huntsville to the Stiles prison in Beaumont , a 150-mile drive , when he "  brandished a firearm and directed the officers to stop the vehicle , " the statement said . "  He took the officers ' weapons and apparently handcuffed them together in the back of the transport vehicle , " it said . Police found the handcuffed guards unharmed in the vehicle at 10 a.m. CT , the statement said .	Man was serving life sentence for sexual assault , indecency with a child He was being moved between prisons when he escaped near Houston Authorities say he ran off with guards ' guns , wearing one of their uniforms
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Members of the powerful Hezbollah movement and its allies brought down Lebanon 's unity government Wednesday after resigning from Prime Minister Saad Hariri 's Cabinet . Minister of State Adnan Sayyed Hussein turned in his resignation along with 10 members of the Hezbollah-led March 8 alliance , meaning that the threshold needed -- 11 resignations from the 30-member Cabinet -- to collapse the government had been reached . Hariri was meeting with President Barack Obama at the White House as the political crisis erupted in Lebanon . "  The efforts by the Hezbollah-led coalition to collapse the Lebanese government only demonstrate their own fear and determination to block the government 's ability to conduct its business and advance the aspirations of all of the Lebanese people , " Obama said . Hariri next heads to Paris , where he is expected to meet with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , Hariri 's office said . Lebanon 's government has been at an impasse over the U.N.-backed special tribunal 's investigation of the assassination of Rafik Hariri , the current premier 's father . It is widely expected the tribunal will indict members of Shiite Muslim Hezbollah , which is designated as a terrorist organization by the U.S. State Department . U.S. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , in Doha , Qatar , for a Middle East forum , said the tribunal was on the verge of handing down indictments . "  We view what happened today as a transparent effort by those forces inside Lebanon as well as interests outside Lebanon to subvert justice and undermine Lebanon 's stability and progress , " she said . Hezbollah has blamed Israel for the 2005 bombing that killed Hariri and has pressured the government to reject the tribunal 's probe . Opposition member Fadi Abboud said the opposition bloc had been calling for a Cabinet session to discuss the tribunal and met Wednesday to discuss what action to take if their demands were not met . Attempts to resolve the dispute have failed so far . Hezbollah 's walkout Wednesday came after a Saudi-Syrian initiative hit a dead end . In a statement issued before the resignations , Hariri said that "  despite the developments in the last hours , we will by all means work to keep the doors open for the Lebanese to reach the solutions that ensure stability and calm and preserve national unity . " Obama stressed to Hariri the importance of the tribunal 's work "  as a means to help end the era of political assassinations with impunity in Lebanon . " The failure to break the impasse between Hariri 's government and Hezbollah has raised fears of a renewal of the sectarian bloodshed that plagued Lebanon in 2008 . Rafik Hariri 's death stunned the nation and prompted tens of thousands to protest , blaming neighboring Syria for the killing . Syria has always denied the accusations . At the time of the bombing , Syria had immense political influence in Lebanon . A U.N. Security Council resolution demanded Damascus fully cooperate in the investigation . Eventually , the horrific events and the probe led to a complete withdrawal of Syrian troops from Lebanon after 30 years of military presence . CNN 's Nada Husseini and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Obama meets with Hariri and denounces Hezbollah 's actions An 11th minister resigns , causing the government to collapse The row between Saad Hariri and Hezbollah is over a tribunal probe
CNN  -- Eleven people were killed and 29 injured during a stampede at an election rally for Nigerian President Goodluck Jonathan , officials said . The stampede happened during a rally at Port Harcourt stadium in the country 's southern delta , Rivers state spokesman Rita Inoma-Abbey told CNN . The area is the president 's home turf and a main area of support . A presidential spokesman said that Jonathan has called for a full-scale investigation into the cause of the stampede . The president "  has received with shock and sadness , news of the unfortunate loss of lives " at the stadium , Ima Niboro said . "  I am sad , and heavily weighed down by this incident . It is sad , unfortunate and regrettable . I mourn with those who mourn tonight . May God grant us all the fortitude to bear this irreparable loss , " Jonathan said . The stampede follows what has been an imperfect start to Jonathan 's campaign . At his first campaign stop in Nassarawa state , youths defaced his posters , burned tires , and two people were killed in the confusion . At another stop in Kano , supporters walked out before his speech , and in Ogun state he was criticized for calling opposition candidates "  rascals . "	A stampede at an event for President Goodluck Jonathan killed 11 It was at a stadium in an area where Jonathan has a lot of support It has been an imperfect start for the president 's campaign
Elliot Rodger left behind a 107,000-word "  story " of what the shooting suspect called his "  twisted world . " While he e-mailed it to his parents and a therapist the day he allegedly went on a terror rampage , investigators and journalists soon found it . The central theme of "  My Twisted World : The Story of Elliot Rodger " is his intractable virginity , which he blamed on "  the cruelness of women . " Here are five revelations from this disturbing document : 1 . ' A bitter form of envy ' Elliot Rodger grew up on the edges of Hollywood but was not quite a part of it . His father , Peter Rodger , aspired to make films , but he mostly directed commercials . His mother "  dated George Lucas for a short time " and was a friend of Steven Spielberg 's , he wrote . His stepmother , Soumaya Akaaboune , acted in a few movies and was a regular on the French version of "  Real Housewives , " produced in Los Angeles . These connections got him into a few "  Star Wars " premieres and the premiere on March 12 , 2012 , for the first installment of "  The Hunger Games , " for which his father worked as a second-unit director . Rodger wrote that the movie was "  entertaining " and the premiere "  was an extraordinary experience , " but he said he "  felt very bitter that I was n't able to bring a girl with me as a date . The majority of men at the event had a date with them , and I felt so pathetic for not having a date . If only a girl at my collage had been attracted to me ; I would have gladly brought her to the premiere as my date . " He attended a private Katy Perry concert the night before , thanks to wealthy friends who gave the tickets to the Rodger family . Elliot wrote about how seeing how rich families enjoy life made him resent that his "  damnable mother " had not "  married into wealth instead of being selfish . " "  I could n't help but feel a bitter form of envy at all of the rich kids at the concert . They grew up in lavish mansions , indulged in excessive opulence , and will never have to worry about anything in their pleasurable , hedonistic lives . I would take great pleasure in watching all of those rich families burn alive . Looking at all of them really drilled in my mind the importance of wealth . Rodger 's parents frantically searched for son during shooting "  Wealth is one of the most important defining factors of self-worth and superiority . I hated and envied all of those kids for being born into wealth , while I had to struggle to find a way to claim wealth for myself . I had to be ruthless , and do whatever it takes to attain such wealth . After all , it was my only hope of ever being worthy of getting a girlfriend and living the life of gratification that I desire . " Rodger lamented being "  a kissless virgin . " 2 . ` Love Potion # 9 ' advice Dale Launer , who wrote and directed several movies about relationships , tried to teach Rodger how to get a girlfriend , according to Rodger 's writing . Launer , a friend of Rodger 's father , wrote "  Blind Date , " "  Love Potion # 9 " and "  Ruthless People . " "  He wanted to help me overcome my troubles because he is a so-called expert with women . He even showed me pictures of all of the gorgeous women he has dated in his life , and there were a lot of them . This man truly lived . "  A few men who are successful with women have offered me help and advice about this in the past , but nothing ever came of it . I suppose they want to help because it would be a boost to their already big egos , and also because they feel sorry for me . People should feel sorry for me . My life is so pathetic , and I hate the world for forcing me to suffer it . I feel sorry for myself . "  In truth , there is nothing men like Dale can really do to help me attract girls and lose my virginity . They ca n't mind-control girls to be attracted to me . My brief friendship with Dale would , however , spark a few more interesting e-mail conversations where I confide to him about how cruel I think women are by nature . He would only be amused by this . Of course he would be amused . Women were never cruel to him . They gave him sex and love all his life . " CNN e-mailed Launer 's rep for comment Sunday evening but has not heard back yet . 3 . Winning a lottery : ` The only way out ' Rodger became convinced that winning the Megamillions lottery was his destiny . He began obsessively playing it and even drove to Arizona from California four times to buy Powerball tickets . "  I saw winning the lottery as the only way out , " he wrote . "  I knew I was always destined for great things . This must be it ! I was destined to be the winner of the highest lottery jackpot in existence . I knew right then and there that this jackpot was meant for me . Who else deserved such a victory ? I had been through so much rejection , suffering , and injustice in my life , and this was to be my salvation . With my whole body filled with feverish hope , I spent $ 700 dollars on lottery tickets for this drawing . As I spent this money , I imagined all the amazing sex I would have with a beautiful model girlfriend I would have once I become a man of wealth . " Grieving father after rampage : ` When will this insanity stop ? ' After repeatedly not winning the lottery , Rodger saw that his plan for his "  Day of Retribution " against the world "  was more real than ever before . " "  Without the prospect of becoming wealthy at a young age , I had nothing to live for now . I was going to be a virgin outcast forever . I realized that I had to start planning and preparing for the Day of Retribution , even though I had n't yet had any idea of what day that would be . " 4 . Rodger 's three guns Rodger began practicing shooting at a gun range in Oxnard , California , after failing to win the $ 120 million Megamillions lottery in September 2012 , according to his writing . "  I had the knowledge , in the back of my mind , that the Day of Retribution was very possible now . Going to the shooting range while I waited for my laptop gave me the perfect opportunity to gain some initial training in shooting guns , which will be the main weapons I use as vengeance against my enemies when the Day of Retribution ultimately comes to pass . "  I walked into the range , rented a handgun from the ugly old redneck cashier , and started to practice shooting at paper targets . As I fired my first few rounds , I felt so sick to the stomach . I questioned my whole life , and I looked at the gun in front of me and asked myself ` What am I doing here ? How could things have led to this ? ' I could n't believe my life was actually turning out this way . There I was , practicing shooting with real guns because I had a plan to carry out a massacre . " Rejection , jealousy and vow to kill ` beautiful girls ' His first "  act of preparation " for the massacre was the purchase of his first gun , he wrote . "  I had already done some research on handguns , and I decided to purchase the Glock 34 semiautomatic pistol , an efficient and highly accurate weapon . I signed all of the papers and was told that my pickup day was in mid-December . That fell in nicely , because that was when I was planning on staying in Santa Barbara till . After I picked up the handgun , I brought it back to my room and felt a new sense of power . I was now armed . " He bought his second handgun in the spring of 2013 , when he "  began to seriously think about planning the Day of Retribution , " he wrote . He bought a third gun a year later . "  I needed to buy a third handgun , just in case one of them jams . I needed two working handguns at the same time , as that was how I planned to commit suicide ; with two simultaneous shots to the head . I also needed to buy magazine clips and ammunition , as well as knives and carrying cases for my equipment . " 5 . Vengeance against men Rodger wrote that the "  first phase " of his massacre plan would be to stab his two male roommates to death . "  These were the biggest nerds I had ever seen , and they were both very ugly with annoying voices , " he wrote . "  If they were pleasant to live with , I would regret having to kill them , but due to their behavior I now had no regrets about such a prospect . In fact , I 'd even enjoy stabbing them both to death while they slept . " "  After that , I will start luring people into my apartment , knock them out with a hammer , and slit their throats . I will torture some of the good looking people before I kill them , assuming that the good looking ones had the best sex lives . All of that pleasure they had in life , I will punish by bringing them pain and suffering . I have lived a life of pain and suffering , and it was time to bring that pain to people who actually deserve it . " The Santa Barbara County Sheriff 's Office identified the three men found dead in Rodger 's apartment as Cheng Yuan Hong , 20 ; George Chen , 19 ; and Weihan Wang , 20 . Hong and Chen were his roommates , while Wang was visiting the apartment , the sheriff 's office said . The three students died from "  multiple stab wounds " before the shooting rampage , the sheriff 's office said . New details emerge about mass killer and victims	Elliot Rodger blames his unhappiness on "  the cruelness of women " "  My life is so pathetic , and I hate the world for forcing me to suffer it , " he writes "  I saw winning the lottery as the only way out , " he writes "  I was going to be a virgin outcast forever , " Rodger laments
New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio took on the role of the consoler on Tuesday in the wake of the weekend 's shooting of two New York police officers , following in the footsteps of many before him that have had to knit the city back together following tragedy . De Blasio , accompanied by his wife , laid flowers at the memorial set up for officers Rafael Ramos and Wenjian Liu in Brooklyn near where they were shot as they sat in their patrol car . Later Tuesday , de Blasio offered hugs to the city 's residents and a moment of silence for the two officers at City Hall , and urged the city to focus on the families of the slain officers and work to move forward . "  There 's a lot of pain right now . We have to work our way through that pain . We have to keep working to bring police and community closer together , " he said . "  We have to work for that more perfect union . We have to put the divisions of the past behind us . " The Tuesday show of sympathy marks a tightrope walk for the mayor as he navigates the simmering tensions of a police force that has eyed him warily from day one of his tenure -- and now feels he 's contributed to the atmosphere that caused the weekend 's shooting -- by showing support for protesters in the city . The head of the city 's police union went so far as to say , following the shooting , that there 's blood on the hands of those who have supported the protesters and it "  starts on the steps of city hall in the office of the mayor . " And police officers turned their backs on de Blasio this weekend as he entered the hospital where the bodies of the officers lay . He also faces frustration from his progressive base as well , which helped elect him on a platform of police reform and has increased calls for action in the wake of the recent killings of two unarmed African-American men at the hands of white police officers . Despite de Blasio 's attempts to focus on the victims and call to "  put aside " protests and politics until after their funerals , tensions remained high Tuesday . Critics kept up the drumbeat against him , and protesters pledged to continue their planned demonstrations despite de Blasio 's request . The ANSWER Coalition , a protest group in New York City , said de Blasio 's call for a hiatus to the protests was "  misguided " and "  meant to chill the expression of free speech rights . " "  Instead of remaining silent , it is all the more important for people around the country to stay active and demand an end to the epidemic of police violence that is ravaging black and Latino communities throughout the United States , " the statement said , noting that a protest planned for Tuesday evening would go on . And former New York Gov. George Pataki , a Republican , accused de Blasio of "  demonizing " the NYPD with his previous expression of support for protesters in the city , and called for him to apologize . RELATED : Poll says de Blasio popular in NYC before cop shooting "  He should meet with the police leaders and he should apologize . Apologize for not having their back when this crisis began and apologize for having helped create this climate where the best police department ... in America is demonized as being an occupying force , " he told Newsmax . Outside of New York City , however , many of the nation 's political leaders remained silent on the controversy . President Barack Obama issued a statement this weekend via the White House press office and called the Philadelphia and New York police commissioners , but has yet to appear on camera to address the situation . On Tuesday , he went vacation round of golf . White House spokesman Eric Schultz said on Tuesday Obama had asked Vice President Joe Biden to attend Saturday 's service for officer Ramos . "  The President ... is grateful that the vice president and Jill Biden will be traveling to New York City to attend the service on Saturday , " he said . Republicans largely avoided the issue as well . Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who 's been a leading voice in the GOP pushing for criminal justice reform and the demilitarization of the police , took to Twitter to celebrate Festivus on Tuesday , but made no mention of the shooting . New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie , another expected presidential contender , dodged a question on whether de Blasio was to blame for an anti-police atmosphere in New York City , saying in an interview it 's not the time for politics .	New York City Mayor Bill de Blasio sought to console the city following this weekend 's shootings He visited a memorial for the slain officers and held a moment of silence at City Hall But critics continued to speak out , and protesters pledged to continue demonstrations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A U.S. soldier convicted of rape and murder two decades ago will be executed December 10 in the nation 's first military execution since 1961 , the Army said Thursday . Pvt. Ronald Gray has been on the military 's death row at Fort Leavenworth , Kansas , since 1988 . A court-martial panel sitting at Fort Bragg , North Carolina , unanimously convicted him of committing two murders and other crimes in the Fayetteville , North Carolina , area , and sentenced him to death . Gray 's execution by injection will be carried out by Fort Leavenworth soldiers at the Federal Correctional Complex in Terre Haute , Indiana , the Army said in a news release . Gray was convicted of raping and killing a female Army private and a civilian near his post at Fort Bragg . He was also convicted of the rape and attempted murder of another fellow soldier in her barracks at the post . Both military and civilian courts found Gray responsible for the crimes , which were committed between April 1986 and January 1987 . Gray pleaded guilty to two murders and five rapes in a civilian court and was sentenced to three consecutive and five concurrent life terms . The general court-martial at Fort Bragg then tried him and in April 1988 convicted him of two murders , an attempted murder and three rapes . In July , President George W. Bush approved the Army 's request to execute Gray . "  The president took action following completion of a full appellate process , which upheld the conviction and sentence to death , " the Army said in the news release . "  Two petitions to the U.S. Supreme Court were denied during the appellate processing of Pvt. Gray 's case . " Members of the U.S. military have been executed throughout history , but just 10 have been executed with presidential approval since 1951 under the Uniform Code of Military Justice , the military 's modern-day legal system . The Army also sought Bush 's authorization to execute another condemned soldier , Pvt. Dwight Loving , who was convicted of robbing and killing two cab drivers in 1988 . The last U.S. military execution was in 1961 , when Army Pvt. John Bennett was hanged for raping and attempting to kill an 11-year-old Austrian girl . Bennett was sentenced in 1955 . The U.S. military has n't actively pursued an execution for a military prisoner since President John F. Kennedy commuted a death sentence in 1962 . Nine men are on military death row . CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report .	Pvt. Ronald Gray convicted of raping , murdering fellow soldiers , civilian Gray will be executed December 10 by soldiers in Terre Haute , Indiana Army Pvt. John Bennett was last man executed by military in 1961
Hong Kong  CNN  -- China was a whipping boy on the U.S. campaign trail . So now that incumbent Barack Obama is savoring victory , Beijing will be breathing a sigh of relief . There will be relief that a bitter campaign -- where both candidates talked tough on China -- is over . China will be especially glad it does n't have Mitt Romney to deal with . "  China is quite happy that Obama won the election because Obama is a known entity , " says political columnist Frank Ching . "  It 's better to have the devil you know , than the one you do n't . " But the whipping boy is also lashing back , taking aim at America 's perceived political flaws and diminished role on the world stage . The state-run People 's Daily portends dark days ahead for the U.S. president : "  As soon as Obama gets re-elected , he will immediately be confronted with the strangling of Washington 's political machine . " Hu Xijin , editor of the pro-Beijing Global Times , weighs in on Sina Weibo , China 's Twitter-like micro-blogging service , with this double-edged post : "  Obama has been re-elected as the American president . Sincere best wishes to him and the U.S. . . The rapid rise of China and the decline of the U.S. imply a massive risk in international politics . " And on China 's Netease.com , one Netizen from Jiangsu province writes : "  I really like you , Obama ! Congratulations ! Though I hope that you 'll mind your own business in your next four years , and stop interfering in the political affairs of other countries . " Non-interference is a non-starter given how interconnected the two countries are . China is one of America 's largest trading partners . The nations ' two economies are deeply interconnected with Beijing holding more than $ 1 trillion in U.S. debt and U.S. exports to China on the rise . While on the campaign trail , Obama has taken action against China -- slapping tariffs on China-made tires and solar panels as well as filing a new case with the World Trade Organization against China for unfair auto subsidies . But such action was taken not to merely score political points . It 's a sign of more "  tough on China " policy-making to come . Special : Full China leadership change coverage David Zweig , an associate dean at the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology , says : "  Obama is facing a strategic situation which is the rise of China , and that is going to force him to have to respond ... That is the strategic reality . China is rising and this will be a challenging relationship . " And it gets even more complicated . China is undergoing a leadership transition of its own with the start of the 18th Party Congress on Thursday in Beijing , designed to bring forth a new generation of leaders who will run China for the next 10 years . The world is waiting to see exactly who will rise to the Politburo Standing Committee , the elite group with the highest concentration of decision-making power . It 's a November of change for China and the U.S. , and even the ardently pro-Beijing editor of the Global Times wants to see a win-win for both . "  I hope that Obama will demonstrate great talent on China issues , encourage China to rise peacefully , and will release the world from the tragedy of great power politics forever , " says Hu . Hope . With Obama 's re-election , it 's being embraced in China as well . CNN 's Yuli Yang contributed to this report .	China has been a key topic during the U.S. election campaign Both candidates blamed China for many of America 's woes Chinese media congratulated Obama but hit out at U.S. criticism China-U.S. relations hugely important , with respected economies so entwined
Boston  CNN  Adrianne Haslet-Davis and her husband , Adam Davis , were standing near the finish line on the day of the Boston Marathon bombing . Her feet were sore from wearing 4.5-inch heels . Still , they walked to Boylston Street to watch the runners . "  We were so in love and happy together , " she told a federal jury Wednesday . It was the second day the Boston jury heard a procession of heartbreaking loss -- the survivors and families of those killed when twin bombs planted by the pair of brothers named Tsarnaev exploded near the finish line . The jury must decide whether bomber Dzhokhar Tsarnaev , 21 , should live or die for what he has done . Haslet-Davis and Davis , who had just returned from a tour in Afghanistan with the Air Force , were steps away from the explosion near the Forum restaurant . She recalled the force of the blast that killed three people and injured over 200 that April day in 2013 . She knew right away it was a terrorist attack . Screams and heavy smoke filled the air . She could n't hear her own screams . She thought she was dead . When her husband , who also was injured , lifted her leg , he too let out a scream . She said she thought he was in shock . She rolled over onto her stomach and crawled over broken glass , shredding her arms . She dragged herself to the Forum . "  I saw all five of my toes , but I saw a lot of blood , " she said . "  I did n't see my ankle . " A ballroom dancer , Haslet-Davis ' left leg would later be amputated below the knee . Inside the Forum , Haslet-Davis begged for whiskey . "  I just wanted the pain to go away . I only begged for the whiskey when I thought I was going to die . " When someone removed Adam 's shoe , an artery was spurting blood . His face got whiter and whiter , she said . His eye rolled back . She thought he was dead . At a hospital , she called her parents on her cellphone . She told them she was in a terrorist attack . "  I do n't think I have a left foot anymore , " she told her father . "  I 'm in really bad shape and I really need to talk to you because this might be it . " Her father told her he was driving and it was illegal to pull over . "  I do n't care if it 's illegal . I need to talk to you because these might be our last words . I said I was in a terrorist attack at the Boston Marathon and Adam is dead and this might be it for me . " Haslet-Davis told the jury that , at the Forum , her husband kept telling her he was sorry . "  That was all he could say . That he loved me . He was so sorry . " Her husband , she said , has since "  bravely admitted himself into a mental facility at the VA hospital . " After her testimony , Haslet-Davis walked slowly off the stand . She appeared to glare at Tsarnaev , who did not look at her . Earlier this week , prosecutors showed jurors an image of Tsarnaev taken when he was in a holding cell . It was dated July 10 , 2013 -- the day of his arraignment on charges he deliberately set off the deadly bombs . He glares into the camera defiantly , his middle finger raised in a gesture that Assistant U.S. Attorney Nadine Pellegrini said showed a young man who was "  unconcerned , unrepentant and unchanged . " On Wednesday , Tsarnaev 's lawyer , Miriam Conrad , sought to discredit the use of the image . She suggested the gesture had been presented to the jury out of context . On cross-examination of a deputy U.S. marshal , Conrad showed the jury security footage from which the image was taken . In it , Tsarnaev is seen looking into the camera touching his hair . Moments before , he has two fingers up , forming what Conrad called a "  V sign , " before raising his middle finger . Gary Olivera , a deputy U.S. Marshal for 14 years , admitted that the camera was encased in a reflective surface and Tsarnaev could have been using it as a mirror . "  A lot of times people do that to get our attention , " Olivera said . Also Wednesday , Jinyan Zhao told the jury about her niece , Lingzi Lu , a "  beautiful nerd " and graduate student at Boston University who was killed in the bombing . Lingzi Lu was originally from China but was buried in Boston . "  How she died , and why she died , it just felt like she is part of Boston , part of city , " her aunt said . "  The thinking is she should just be here . " The family , Zhao said , put a music box and some books in her casket . Her mother put a bracelet on her wrist and touched her hand . Later , her mother described her beautiful hand . Zhao recalled what Lu 's mother said to her : " ` No matter what I do n't want to believe it is her hand . ' " The brother and stepfather of Sean Collier also took the stand Wednesday . Collier was the MIT police officer who was shot in his patrol car , another victim of the Tsarnaev brothers as they tried to evade capture . Sean Collier always wanted to be a cop , said his brother . He was a child who viewed life in terms of right and wrong . Either you did it or you did n't . "  We thought it was typical little boy stuff , but he never grew out of it , " Andrew Collier told the jury . "  Sean was always the one to spill the beans , " said Joe Rodgers , 59 , who married Collier 's mother , Kelly , in 1993 . "  He was a cop from an early age . " On a Thursday night in April 2013 , Massachusetts Institute of Technology Police Officer Sean Collier lay bleeding in his patrol car after being ambushed and shot in the head . His car door was open , and his foot was lodged between the gas and brake pedals . The officer who found Collier testified at trial that he had wounds to the temple , neck and head . He was bleeding out as officers tried to revive him . Collier would become the fourth victim of the Tsarnaev brothers . The night still feels like a dream for Rodgers . "  He had a hole in the middle of his head , " Rodgers said . "  He was shot to pieces . He was just laying there . My wife was touching him , and his blood was coming up in her hands . " Prosecution shows what it calls Tsarnaev 's defiant message to U.S. Prosecutors said the brothers killed Collier because they wanted his gun . But their efforts to take it were thwarted by a safety holster . Tamerlan , 26 , was killed in a chase and gunbattle with police that began with reports of an "  officer down " at MIT . Less than two weeks after Tsarneav was found guilty on every count , the jury deciding his punishment is hearing about the lasting impact of his deeds . Earlier , MIT Police Chief John DiFava told the jury that he hired Collier , who fit in "  perfectly " because of his policing style and engaging personality . The MIT police , who are designated as special officers by the Massachusetts State Police , patrol the sprawling campus in Cambridge . "  The atmosphere of the department changed since April 18 , 2013 , " he said . "  There is sadness and a sense of loss . I think that it will be there for as long as that generation of officers remains . It was remarkable the amount of support we got from the community , but Sean 's death hangs like a weight . " DiFava has come to question whether he wants to continue on the force . "  Policing is the only thing I 've done in my life , and I 've always tried to be good at what I do , " he said . "  I lost one of my own . I have children at home and I 've always thought I would have been very , very proud for them to wear the uniform . Now I 'm not so sure . " Rodgers said it took his wife , Kelly , months to gain the strength to climb out of bed after losing her son . Saturday was the second anniversary of the bombing . She cried all weekend . "  She was very strong , " he said . "  She was a happy person . She was a good mother . Since Sean 's death , she 's very scared of anything that might happen to any of the other children . " Kelly became pregnant with Sean after losing a baby that lived for a day or two , Rodgers said . His birth lifted her out of depression . "  He was special , " he said , adding that Sean is now buried alongside the baby . Rodgers said he still feels beat down two years later . "  There 's something missing , " he said . "  Thanksgiving and Christmas will never be the same . " Collier 's brother Andrew said , "  Even when we 're having fun , there 's always a cloud over us . I miss Sean . I miss everything about him . " The prosecution is expected to rest Friday , according to an official with insight into the prosecutor 's plans . Poll : 53 % say Tsarnaev should face death penalty Ann O'Neill and Aaron Cooper reported from Boston , Ray Sanchez wrote in New York .	Jurors in sentencing phase in Dzhokhar Tsarnaev 's trial hear of loss Victims testify about the impact of the bombing on their lives
CNN  -- China 's historic spacecraft docking mission this month will involve a female astronaut , state-run Xinhua reported . Either Liu Yang or Wang Yaping -- selected among China 's first batch of women astronauts -- will be among the three-person crew to launch aboard the Shenzhou-9 , according to Xinhua . If all goes well with the launch , which is planned for mid-June , the Shenzhou-9 will dock with China 's orbiting space laboratory , making the nation the third after the United States and Russia to complete a manned space docking . As a precaution in case of an emergency , one of the crewmembers will not board the lab , a spokesperson for the space program said in February . China has big aspirations for its space program with hopes to build a space station like the International Space Station and to conduct a manned mission to the moon . China rockets forward in race to moon On Saturday the Shenzhou-9 and its carrier rocket , the Long March-2F , were moved to a launch platform in northwest China 's Gansu province to allow scientists to conduct tests before the launch , according to Xinhua . The Tiangong-1 space lab module was launched into space in September , and two months later it successfully completed China 's first space docking with an unmanned spacecraft , Shenzhou-8 , according to Xinhua . The efforts demonstrate "  China 's continued commitment to becoming a first-class space power with an independent space capability , " Taylor Fravel , associate professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology , said this year . "  This is a very exclusive club . " On Thursday in Beijing , the China National Space Administration and the Pakistan Space and Upper Atmosphere Research Commission signed a space cooperation plan through 2020 , state-run China Daily reported . The agreement was signed , while Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari was visiting for the Shanghai Cooperation Organization Summit . China 's efforts come as the United States refocuses its space program toward deep space exploration , and private companies like SpaceX make strides toward the commercialization of spaceflight . Last month SpaceX 's unmanned Dragon capsule completed the first ever commercial mission to the International Space Station . CNN 's Jaime FlorCruz contributed to this report .	Xinhua identifies female astronauts who could be on crew Launch is planned for mid-June China aims to complete manned space docking , joining Russia , United States China aspires to build space station , conduct manned mission to the moon
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Police evicted 200 Bedouins from their homes in a southern Israeli village on Tuesday and demolished their dwellings , an act decried by residents who said they are on ancestral land . The move occurred five miles north of Beer Sheva in a village called Al-Araqeeb , an enclave not recognized by the state of Israel . Witnesses told CNN that the Israeli forces arrived at the village accompanied by busloads of civilians who cheered as the dwellings were demolished . They said armed police deployed with tear gas , water cannon , two helicopters and bulldozers . But Israeli police spokesman Micky Rosenfeld said there were no disturbances and the operation went according to plan . He said the move was in response to a court order and people had been settling there illegally . Rosenfeld said there were about 30 shacks and 200 people removed . Villagers said they 've lived in the region for years back to the Ottoman days before Israel was founded , and have original deeds to the land . After the Israeli forces left the scene , some villagers immediately started rebuilding their dwellings . "  The state of Israel is treating us like cockroaches , " said Sulaiman Abu Mdian , 29 , a father of four who works as a chicken farmer . Bedouins are Arabs who live in the desert regions of the Middle East . Some are nomadic and others are sedentary and remain in one location . CNN 's Paul Colsey , Kareem Khadder and Ben Wedeman contributed to this report .	The demolition is in response to a court order , Israel says After the troops left , the Bedouins were rebuilding the site Bedouin tribes live in the desert regions of the Middle East
CNN  -- With up to 300 rainy days per year , the Faroe Islands are n't set to become the next big summer vacation spot . But the unscathed landscape , idiosyncratic architecture and a calming simplicity is attracting tourists more than ever . Situated in the Gulf Stream in the North Atlantic , midway between Norway and Iceland , the 18 islands that make up the Faroes have 600 miles  965 kilometers  of roads and a population of sheep that significantly outnumbers the people . Many arrive , just like I did , with a limited knowledge of this remote archipelago . Travel guides mention the Faroe Islands only in passing . But the islands , a territory of Denmark with a total area smaller than London and just 49,000 inhabitants  and 70,000 sheep  , are becoming more than a refreshment stop for travelers on their way to Iceland . As soon as I arrive , I meet Barour , an intern with the local tourist board . Over one of the most expensive beers in my life  $ 10 for half a pint  in a hotel bar in the capital Torshavn , he briefs me on the local must-sees . Tjornuvik is the northernmost village on the main island of Streymoy . "  From there , you 'll see where the Icelandic giants hurled a rope to tow the Faroes toward their island , " says Barour . Mythological creation According to local myth , creatures from Iceland were so jealous of the raw beauty of the Faroes that they wanted to have the islands for themselves . But two giants that swam during the night across the ocean struggled to move the islands . When the sun rose , they turned to stone . That 's how Risin and Kellingin  "  The Giant " and "  The Witch "  , two sea stacks north of Eysturoy island , each about 230 feet  70 meters  tall , were created , the legend goes . Despite the comparatively small size of the Faroes , distances here appear surprisingly large and public buses run infrequently . A camper van brought across via ferry or a rental car hired locally makes traveling the islands much easier . Driving around the Faroe Islands is a thrilling experience . Smooth , often narrow , one-lane roads wind through the Middle-earth-like surroundings , making for a perfectly picturesque road trip . Such is the case with the road to Tjornuvik -- a patch carved in rock on top of a nearly vertical cliff with narrow passing bays and sheep wandering the roads . The road to Saksun , just few miles south of Tjornuvik , is less demanding , but equally unforgettable . Seven miles of gentle bends in a juicy green valley lead to a lonely church overlooking a fjord and surrounded by waterfalls . Green roofs Scattered along these roads are many grass-roofed houses . These started life as a pragmatic solution for dwellings  see gallery  , but have since become a symbol for the islands . Houses have been built like this for more than a thousand years , providing protection from rain and thermal insulation . Long hours of daylight  though rarely direct sunshine  in the summer allow for a thorough exploration of the northern Faroes . The main islands are connected by underwater tunnels and one bridge : "  The only bridge over the Atlantic Ocean , " jokes Barour . Driving on another otherworldly road from Gjogv , known for its natural harbor in a gorge , it becomes clear that while the Faroes are a wonder for a fleeting visit , life here is difficult . As I await the never-coming dusk of the almost polar day , the beautiful islands start to feel monotonous . Lack of perspectives , loneliness and remoteness are problems for young Faroese and many leave to study abroad . But not all is bad , say those who return . "  You have close family and people to help you here , and the environment is very anti-stressful , " says Bodil , a Faroese woman from the island of Eysturoy . Despite weather so volatile that , according to a local saying , Vivaldi could have composed "  The Four Seasons " in one day here , the Faroes can easily enchant a tourist with their unusual beauty . Getting there The sole carrier offering regular flights to the only Faroese airport , Atlantic Airways connects the archipelago mostly with Copenhagen and Billund in Denmark . Some flights depart to Norway and Iceland . In summer there are also rare connections to London , Barcelona and Milan . A weekly ferry is another option for those willing to endure three days on the typically rough North Sea . Dominik Sipinski is a Polish freelance writer publishing both in Polish and in English .	Faroe Islands have up to 300 rainy days a year , but the landscape gives them special appeal Grass roofs in the Faroe Islands are the most conspicuous element of the local architecture Many young Faroese leave to study abroad to escape the remoteness of home , but often return
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The trial of an Iraqi journalist charged with throwing his shoes at U.S. President George Bush has been postponed , Iraq 's Council of Ministers and one of the journalist 's lawyers said Tuesday . Amman protesters support Muntazer al-Zaidi , the Iraqi journalist held for throwing his shoes at President Bush . Muntadhir Al-Zaidi was due to go on trial Wednesday , but the Criminal Court postponed it pending an appeal filed by his lawyers with the Federal Court of Appeal , a spokesman for the Supreme Judicial Council , Abdul Sattar Bayrakdar , said . Dhiya al-Saadi , who leads Al-Zaidi 's 25-member legal team , confirmed the postponement . Al-Zaidi threw both of his shoes at Bush two weeks ago during a news conference with Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki in Baghdad . Neither shoe hit the president , and others in the room quickly knocked Al-Zaidi to the ground before security officials arrested him . Many Iraqis hail Al-Zaidi , who faces a prison term if convicted , as a hero . More than 1,000 lawyers have volunteered to defend him , al-Saadi said . The lawyers ' appeal asked the Federal Court to change Al-Zaidi 's case from assaulting Bush to insulting him . If Al-Zaidi is convicted of the former , he faces a maximum of 15 years in prison , al-Saadi said . The lawyers are trying to persuade the appeals court that Al-Zaidi did not want to harm Bush by throwing the shoes , but simply wanted to insult him . By tradition , throwing a shoe is the most insulting act in the Arab world . Al-Saadi said he met with his client several days ago but was having difficulty meeting with him again . He did not give the reason he was not allowed to see Al-Zaidi but said many lawyers have trouble meeting with detainees in Iraqi or U.S. custody . It will take at least two weeks for the court to set a new date for Al-Zaidi 's trial , legal expert Tariz Harab said . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .	Trial of Iraqi journalist who threw shoes at U.S. President Bush delayed Muntadhir Al-Zaidi faces jail if convicted ; trial was due to start Wednesday Many Iraqis hail the shoe thrower has a hero ; mass protests followed his arrest At least two weeks before new trial date set , legal experts say
CNN  This is the time of the year when Christians the world over -- more than 2 billion of us -- reflect upon the crucifixion and resurrection of our Lord . In light of the tragic massacre of Christian college students in Kenya on Thursday , and the ongoing threat against Christians in other nations , this Holy Week we are calling upon Christians to also reflect upon the crucifixion , beheading , stoning , enforced slavery , sexual abuse , human trafficking , harassment , bombing and displacement of hundreds of thousands of Christians -- and others -- whose faith alone has made them a target of religious extremists . Countless lives have been utterly destroyed in nations such as Iraq , Syria , Libya , Pakistan , India , Egypt , Kenya and Nigeria . In June 2012 , Bishop Shlemon Warduni of Iraq told the United States Conference of Catholic Bishops , "  We beg you to help . We want only peace , security , and freedom . Please no more death , no more explosions , no more injustice . " By then , nearly every remaining church in Iraq had constructed a blast wall around its building to buffet the threat of the inevitable church bombing . This crisis escalated substantially last summer when ISIS swept like lightning through Iraq 's Nineveh province , capturing the country 's second-largest city , Mosul ; a city that was until 2014 a home of a thriving Christian community , there centuries before Islam . Again and again the world did not respond as it might have , and now the inconceivable has happened : Iraq 's Nineveh Plain has been emptied of its ancient Christianity community , which existed there for more than 1,500 years . On March 27 , in a presentation to the U.N. Security Council , Chaldean Catholic Patriarch Louis Raphael Sako referred to the present reality of his fellow Iraqi Christians as a "  catastrophic situation . " He 's right . Rarely since the first century has the church in the East faced persecution on this scale . Christian communities that took 2,000 years to build , and that were started by the apostles themselves , lie in ashes between the Tigris and the Euphrates . Survivors waste away as refugees , often in deplorable conditions , with no homes or churches to return to if the region eventually stabilizes . Whether they be Catholic , Orthodox or Protestant , Christian communities are united in what Pope Francis has called an "  ecumenism of blood , " recognizing that Christianity is experiencing more martyrdom today than in the first century . This is not an exaggerated or contrived crisis . As Nina Shea , director of the Hudson 's Institute 's Center for Religious Freedom , has aptly put it , "  Piece by piece , Middle Eastern Christianity is being shattered . " Our concern is not to the exclusion of anyone else under threat by these religious fanatics , and we reject those who believe that this evil is reflective of the majority of Muslims whose community has actually experienced the most casualties in this conflict . It is also true that Christianity faces a legitimate threat of extinction in several parts of Iraq and Syria and it faces a growing threat in nations such as Nigeria . In solidarity with those being threatened we agree with the words delivered by Jordan 's King Abdullah II at the United Nations last fall , "  Christians are an integral part of -LSB- the Middle East 's -RSB- past , present and future . " When history writes of our time will we be able to say that we tried everything in our power to cease this attempt to eliminate 2,000 years of Christianity from the Middle East and to stop this threat before it spreads to other nations ? These communities need our love and support like never before , and they also need security and protection from the world like never before . This Easter we reflect upon the words of a Christian who was himself beheaded for his faith alone . He converted to Christianity one day on a road to Damascus , Syria , when his name was changed from Saul to Paul . In a letter to Christians living in another dangerous place in another persecuted time , he wrote , "  Pray that we may be delivered from wicked and evil people . " This Easter , let us earnestly pray with all the love of Christ for all those in harm 's way .	Rarely since the first century have Christians faced persecution on this scale , say Dolan , Downey and Burnett . Crisis escalated substantially as ISIS has swept through Iraq 's Nineveh province , the authors write .
CNN  -- Serbian tennis has come a long way since some of its top players had to train in empty swimming pools to escape the conflict and bombings on the streets of the country 's capital Belgrade . World number three and 2008 Australian Open champion Novak Djokovic , and former female world number ones Jelena Jankovic and Ana Ivanovic all grew up at the height of the country 's troubles , but their success at the top of the game has firmly put Serbia on the map as a tennis superpower . And now , as Belgrade plays host to the final of the Davis Cup competition , with Serbia facing nine-time champions of the international men 's team event , France , the country 's transformation from war-torn nation to tennis-playing giant is almost complete . "  We all know that the Davis Cup is a very special competition and playing in the Davis Cup final is the biggest success that my country ever had , " Serbian world number three Novak Djokovic said at a press conference at the ATP World Tour Finals in London , which CNN attended . Belgrade-born Djokovic , grand slam doubles champion Nenad Zimonjic , 30th-ranked Viktor Troicki and world number 49 Janko Tipsarevic make up the team that will hope to secure sporting success for their country in front of a packed crowd at the city 's indoor tennis center . The story of Djokovic and his compatriots has inspired many people in the former Yugoslavian state to take up tennis and the sport is now one of the best-loved in the nation . "  They are massive massive stars in Serbia , they are gods , " Dejan Calovski from the Serbian section of the BBC World Service told CNN . "  They are viewed as heroes as they are giving the country an identity and something to be proud of . Their stories are quite inspirational and the tennis schools are filled with young girls and boys who want to play like them . " For the men 's players reaching the Davis Cup final is seen as culmination of the country 's success in the sport and with the added bonus of being able to contest the tie on home-soil , they are much the favorites to become the most recent tennis heroes in their country . "  On paper Serbia is definitely the huge favorite , " Calovski added . "  They are very much looking forward to playing on their home court and that should not factor any pressure -- it will only be an advantage for them . " The prospect of playing their 16th Davis Cup final against some of the world 's top players in front of a partisan Serbian crowd is something that France have acknowledged is a tough task -- but not an impossible one . "  I think that Serbia are the favorites -- they are at home , " Remi Bourrieres from Tennis Magazine France told CNN . "  They have Novak Djokovic who is unbeatable at home and is playing very well . So they are favorites but only small favorites I think . " With 10 players in the top 100 , France captain Guy Forget had plenty of talent to choose from when it came to picking his squad , although the team will be without former Australian Open finalist and world number 13 Jo-Wilfred Tsonga . French number one and world number 12 Gael Monfils will be joined in the team by Michael Llodra , Gilles Simon and doubles specialist Arnaud Clement . France will become the third most successful Davis Cup country of all-time  behind Australia and the U.S.  should the quartet win a tenth title . But unlike Serbia who have a recent major winner in Djokovic , France is without a men 's champion since Yannick Noah won at Roland Garros in 1983 , and recapturing the the Davis Cup is certainly seen as a way to atone for a lack of success in a sport that remains hugely popular in the country . "  We have a lot of great players in France but have not been able to win a grand slam . We love tennis so we have to hope for victory in the Davis Cup to make up for it , " Bourrieres added . Whether France can add another title to its collection or Serbia can claim their first remains to be seen . But one thing is certain -- both sets of players will be fighting hard to win the Davis Cup despite having already competed in an 11-month long season . And playing at home , the Serbians will be relishing the tie event more as they look to seal their place in Davis Cup history . "  It is maybe a unique opportunity for all of us , " Djokovic said . "  So we have to find this little piece of energy that is left and give everything on the court . " "  It is a unique opportunity to have the Davis Cup final played at home -- you will never have this opportunity again . We all are looking forward to that .	The final of the 2010 Davis Cup takes place in Belgrade from 3-5 December Serbia and France will meet in the competition for the first time France have won the event nine times most recently in 2001 Serbia will be playing in the final for the first time but have the advantage of playing on their home court
CNN  Diplomacy can be dangerous . U.S. diplomats have come under attack in various places in the last few decades . Here 's a look at U.S. diplomats who have been killed in the line of duty . The first U.S. ambassador assassinated while in office was John Gordon Mein , the U.S. ambassador to Guatemala . According to a telegram from the embassy in Guatemala City , a young man dressed in fatigues and carrying a sub-machine gun on August 28 , 1968 , ordered Mein 's vehicle to stop and for the ambassador to get out . He did , then ran -- prompting a cry of "  Shoot him , kill him . " Mein was shot and fell to the ground about 12 yards behind his limousine . Cleo Noel Jr. , the U.S. ambassador to Sudan , was nearing the end of a March 1973 reception in the Saudi Embassy in Khartoum when terrorists stormed in . The gunmen took Noel and another American , as well as diplomats from Saudi Arabia , Belgium and Jordan , according to a U.S. intelligence memo . The captors ' demand : Free various people , mostly Palestinian guerillas , then imprisoned in Jordan , Israel and the United States . This spurred negotiations that did n't go anywhere , ending instead with the killing of Noel , fellow U.S. diplomat George Curtis Moore and Belgium 's Charge d'Affaires . U.S. authorities say the assailants belonged to the Palestinian terrorist movement known as "  Black September , " claiming that Palestinian leader Yasser Arafat signed off on the attack . Ambassador Rodger Davies , who had been in Cyprus for less than months , hunkered down in a hallway on August 19 , 1974 , hoping he was safe from those involved in a nearby demonstration . Instead , a bullet penetrated the embassy compound and struck his heart , killing him instantly . Antoinette Varnava , a 31-year-old local who was part of the small embassy staff for about a decade , also died in the violence . U.S. ambassador to Lebanon Francis Meloy , his economic counselor Robert O. Waring and their Lebanese driver disappeared in June 1976 as they crossed the Green Line , the division between Beirut 's Christian and Muslim sectors . Their bullet-riddled bodies were found a short time later in mainly Muslim west Beirut , which was then controlled by PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat 's guerrillas . Two former Muslim guerillas were convicted in the kidnapping and killings , only to be freed in 1996 . About eight months after President Jimmy Carter appointed him as U.S. ambassador to Afghanistan , Adolph Dubs was taken from his car while heading home from the embassy . His captors took the Foreign Service veteran to the Hotel Kabul , where Dubs died in a shootout between captors and Afghan police -- a violent death that , whomever fired the fatal bullets , the U.S. State Department considers an assassination . A former eight-story hotel facing the sea transformed into America 's embassy in Beirut turned into a war zone in April 1983 , when a truck loaded with explosives was rammed into its entrance . The result was horrific . Offices were pancaked on top of each other , the elevator shaft and stairwell destroyed , the cafeteria full of bodies and rubble , recalled the then U.S. ambassador Robert Dillon , who himself was dug out of the rubble . While 44 people inside the embassy survived the blast , 17 Americans , 25 Foreign Service nationals , 10 contract workers and 10 visa applicants and passerby did not . In 2008 , Dillon said the attack was believed to have been carried out by a family "  under the direction of members of Iran 's Revolutionary Guards . " On August 7 , 1998 -- around the exact same time a bomb went off at the U.S. Embassy in Dar es Salaam , Tanzania , killing 11 -- a huge explosion tore through the U.S. Embassy in Nairobi , Kenya . The American Foreign Service Association  AFSA  lists eight people as having died in the attack on its memorial remembering Americans who died while serving the U.S. government abroad in a foreign affairs capacity . Twelve Americans total were killed . Those are both jarring numbers , but they 're still a fraction of the more than 200 people total killed in the attack , in addition to more than 4,000 wounded . In May 2001 , a U.S. jury found four purported al Qaeda members guilty on all charges stemming from the embassy bombings in Kenya and Tanzania . As his wife of 34 years looked on , Laurence Foley was shot dead outside his home in Amman , Jordan , by a lone gunman in December 2002 . A public servant for close to 40 years , the Boston-born Foley was serving as executive officer of the USAID mission in Amman at the time . U.S. officials were quick to label Foley 's killing a murder , with the head of the AFSA calling it a "  brutal terrorist attack . " They later implicated Iraqi-based terrorist leader Abu Musab al-Zarqawi for providing "  financial and other support to the terrorists who assassinated " Foley . Exactly 11 years after the September 11 attacks in New York , Washington and rural Pennsylvania , terrorists struck at Americans again -- this time some 5,000 miles away in the Libyan city of Benghazi . That 's where Ambassador Christopher Stevens was when mortar and rocket fire struck a U.S. diplomatic annex there . Stevens did n't survive , nor did State Department computer expert Sean Smith or Tyrone Woods and Glen Doherty , two former U.S. Navy SEALs then acting as security contractors . The attack was first portrayed as violence by an angry mob responding to a video made in the U.S. that mocked Islam and the Prophet Mohammed . But officials later determined that it was a terrorist attack . Anne Smedinghoff , a 25-year-old public diplomacy officer at the U.S. Embassy in Kabul , was delivering books to a school in southern Afghanistan when a suicide bomber smashed into her convoy . She died in that April 2013 attack , as did four others . "  We thought she was relatively safe in the embassy compound , " her father Tom Smedinghoff told CNN . "  But as it turned out , Anne really wanted to do a lot more . "	Several U.S. diplomats have died after being attacked They include then-Ambassadors Christopher Stevens , John Mein and Francis Meloy
Swiftwater , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- Scared . Anxious . And more than a little surprised . That 's how residents of northeast Pennsylvania are feeling some six weeks into the search for suspected cop killer Eric Matthew Frein . Frein , 31 , is accused in the September 12 ambush shooting that left Cpl. Bryon Dickson dead and Trooper Alex T. Douglass wounded outside the Pennsylvania State Police barracks in Blooming Grove . He has eluded capture despite a massive manhunt around Canadensis , Pennsylvania , where his family has a home . Late last week and early this week , Frein was reportedly spotted in a wooded area in the town of Swiftwater , about 8 miles southeast of the Canadensis area . "  It 's kind of scary -- a little bit nerve-wracking -- because we live so close to it , " said Marissa Labarre , who rode the bus to school with Frein when they were children . Now , she drives a bus for the Pocono Mountain School District , which closed schools Tuesday because of the search for Frein . Labarre remembered him as quiet , but not "  weird , " and definitely not the type of person you 'd expect to kill a cop . "  You hear of stuff like this , but you never know the person , or it 's like hours from you . You know , it 's on the news but it 's not ever close to home . So it 's a little bit scary , " said Labarre . ` Ready for a fight ' The hunt for Frein has turned life upside down for people inside the search area . Helicopters buzz overhead and police seem to be everywhere , all the time . "  Every night , every day , but mostly at night , the helicopters would be flying over our house , waking us up at 1 o'clock in the morning , " said Cory Batzel , in Swiftwater . He said he 's not afraid , except at night , when he believes Frein might be on the move . "  During the day , there 's too many police around and too much action going on , " Batzel said . Michael Myron described the presence of law enforcement in Swiftwater as "  constant . " The area is typically quiet . "  Big armored cars , and the police have all their vests and stuff on so they 're , like , ready for a fight it looks like to me , " he said . Police have not spoken about a possible motive , other than that Frein has talked and written about hating law enforcement . Authorities have said a review of a computer hard drive used by Frein shows that he had planned the attack for years . The manhunt has already cost several million dollars . It has involved as many as 1,000 officers at times , some from other states . "  I did n't expect him to last out there this long , " Myron said about Frein , a self-styled survivalist . "  But he must be , you know , prepared more than I thought or , you know , a lot of people thought . We did n't think he would make it this long . We did n't think it 'd go this long . " ` Rather ... safe than sorry ' The search for Frein landed on one Swiftwater resident 's doorstep . Adam Caprioli arrived home from work recently and found his woods flooded with law enforcement . He said officials told him dogs had tracked Frein 's scent to Caprioli 's back door , but that 's as far as it went . "  Supposedly they got the scent to my house , so that does make me feel a little scared but , I mean , the way those guys looked , they were ready to go , so I know if I called 911 and they came here , I 'd be safe , " he said . Frein is familiar with the Swiftwater area , having attended the high school and worked summers at a camp just to the west . Fearing his possible presence , nearby Barrett Township postponed a Halloween parade and canceled trick-or-treating , urging children to celebrate at a local high school instead . Officials who canceled school in the Pocono Mountain School District similarly chose not to take the chance . Parents , in large part , seem to agree that 's the right move . "  They could have called us last night and told us , you know , hey school is closed . I could still be laying in bed for another hour , " a parent of a fifth-grade boy told CNN affiliate WBRE on Tuesday . But , he added : "  I 'd rather them be safe than sorry . I mean , if he 's in the area they should keep the kids home . " Alexandra Field reported from Swiftwater , Pennsylvania . Dana Ford reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Michael Pearson , Jason Hanna and Shimon Prokupecz also contributed to this report .	Eric Matthew Frein is suspected in the September 12 ambush of two officers One of the officers died ; the other was wounded He has eluded capture for some six weeks , despite a massive manhunt in Pennsylvania "  It 's kind of scary -- a little bit nerve-wracking , " says one resident
CNN  -- U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords , recovering from a gunshot wound to the head suffered January 8 , is regaining part of her ability to speak and recently asked for toast while having breakfast , staffers said Wednesday . Spokesman C.J. Karamargin would not divulge what else Giffords has said , other than that she has spoken other words "  within the last few days . " "  It 's very good news , " he said . Giffords Chief of Staff Pia Carusone told CNN affiliate KMSB in Tucson , Arizona , that the congresswoman made the toast request while eating yogurt and oatmeal Monday . "  I said ` absolutely . ' " "  It 's just one of many good days that she 's had , " said Carusone , adding Giffords is progressing in speech , physical and occupational therapy every day . Like at University Medical Center in Tucson , Giffords is befriending the Houston medical staff and is appreciative of the support she is getting , Carusone told KMSB . "  She 's happy . She smiles when you walk in the room . She offers you a hug or a pat on the shoulder . " The chief of staff declined to comment on whether Giffords understands what happened the day of the shooting , saying that revealing that information should be up to the congresswoman and her husband , Capt. Mark Kelly . Karamargin said Giffords undergoes six hours of therapy each day , which includes "  very aggressive speech therapy . " Giffords is at TIRR Memorial Hermann rehabilitation hospital in Houston . She was moved there late last month from University Medical Center in Tucson , where she was taken after the shooting at a "  Congress on Your Corner " event at a Tucson supermarket . Six people were killed in the incident ; Giffords was among 13 injured . Authorities have said they believe Giffords was targeted in the shooting . A 22-year-old suspect , Jared Lee Loughner , is facing federal charges . Giffords ' office said she actually spoke her first words before Wednesday morning , but has been speaking more since then . "  The reason for choosing this rehab facility is because of their track record , " Karamargin said . "  They are doing a fabulous job and working with her language and speech exercise and the physical therapy part of it . " CNN Chief Medical Correspondent Dr. Sanjay Gupta called it "  a very important development " for Giffords . He noted that Giffords was able to follow commands just after the shooting . One of her doctors told CNN Giffords was able to squeeze his hand when he asked her to just after her arrival at the hospital . Doctors have also said she has been following commands -- important , Gupta said , because it shows the ability to understand speech and then execute the command . But speaking herself "  obviously indicates her ability to communicate is there , " he said -- meaning she can understand speech and also express herself . "  It means a lot in terms of one 's overall brain recovery , " Gupta said . Giffords was shot in the left side of her brain , where major language centers are housed . Kelly told the National Prayer Breakfast last week that he was able to be in Washington to speak because her condition "  continues to improve . Every day she gets a little bit better , and the neurosurgeons and neurologists tell me that 's a great sign . The slope of that curve is very important . " Through much of her recovery , doctors said Giffords was unable to speak because of a breathing tube in her neck . Doctors at University Medical Center had said they believed she was trying to mouth words . Kelly resumed training Monday as commander of the space shuttle Endeavour 's upcoming mission . He announced Friday his plan to return to his crew and resume training , saying Giffords is making progress in speech , occupational and physical therapy . Kelly spent the days after the shooting at his wife 's hospital bedside , and NASA had named a backup shuttle commander for the mission in case he could n't return in time . But Kelly last week underwent a simulated week of training in Houston , where Giffords is in the rehabilitation hospital , and NASA officials said they were confident that Kelly would be able to resume command of the mission . Kelly told reporters on Friday that he expects Giffords to witness Endeavour 's launch , scheduled for April 19 . With NASA planning to retire the shuttle fleet , this is expected to be Endeavour 's last mission . Karamargin said that Giffords "  fully understands " that her husband is flying the shuttle in April and is supportive of the decision . "  I have every intention for her to be at the launch , " Kelly said . CNN 's Miriam Falco , Jennifer Bixler and Sarah Baker contributed to this report	Giffords ' therapy includes "  very aggressive speech therapy , " aide says Giffords has been able to ask for toast , her spokesman says She began speaking sometime before Wednesday She was shot in the head at a public event January 8
CNN  -- Fifty-two years ago , the survivors of the Springhill Mine Disaster in Nova Scotia revealed a few things to the world about the brutality of survival in the depths . Without food or water , cut off in every way from life on the surface , in a world lighted only by the head-lamps on their helmets until the batteries died and left them in profound darkness , the men struggled to escape and then prepared to die . Psychologists , academics and journalists swamped the 18 men upon their miraculous rescue to hear their tales , take down their personal histories , and administer IQ and personality tests . These intensive examinations , repeated at yearly intervals , allowed experts to sketch a few conclusions about the psychology of group survival when hope , like light , is gone . The rescue of the Chilean miners -- which ended this week in jubilation as every one of them ascended , healthy and sound , to the surface -- represents a triumph of space-age ingenuity and technology . It would have been unthinkable half a century ago . Here is what happened then . At 8:06 p.m. October 23 , 1958 , in Springhill , Nova Scotia , one of the deepest coal mines on Earth collapsed , with 174 men underground . Eighty-one men struggled to the surface , battered but alive and speaking of horrors below . Ninety-three were missing . Fallen rock blocked access to the depths ; the mine had sealed up as if it had never existed . The world was watching : The Springhill Mine Disaster was the world 's first live-television-broadcast news event . Hundreds of people -- families , reporters , cameramen , officials and onlookers -- mobbed the mouth of the mine . In Springhill , each rescuer crawled on his belly into the collapsed mine with a hand-ax , chipped away at the rock , filled a bucket , passed it back to the man lying behind him , who passed it to the next man in line , and in that painstaking way , a single bucket of rocks reached the surface . Those workers encountered only the crushed bodies of their comrades . Families buried their loved ones ; those without recovered bodies planned memorial services . But the mine had collapsed in such a way as to create two air pockets , two caves not much bigger than closed freight elevators . In one cave a mile below the surface , seven men awoke from the crash in rock prisons ; at a deeper elevation , 12 men found themselves walled in together . Neither group heard the other . On Wednesday in Chile , the rescued mine foreman spoke of the worst moment underground : When the dust settled , the men were able to look around and see their predicament . The same was true in Springhill . Coming to consciousness after the double earthquake of the collapse , lighting their head lamps , the men in each cave were staggered by the extent of the destruction . These men had known the underground walkways and tunnels as well as their own neighborhoods ; now , all was twisted beyond recognition . Immediately , they began to search for an exit : they pried into every cranny and felt their way along jagged walls . In each group , a natural leader emerged . Each of the leaders  the researchers later concluded  was a man short on words and poorly educated , handy with equipment , with a good navigational sense but poor interpersonal skills , confident that he would find or chop a way out . Following his lead , the other miners jury-rigged tools from broken pieces , chipped at the walls , hungrily ate leftover dinners and drank from canteens . Other men privately wondered whether the food and water ought to be preserved and rationed in case escape was more than a few hours away , but they said nothing . The energy and optimism of the dexterous leaders lasted for about three days and gave out along with the food , water and lamp batteries . In Chile , love moves the sun and stars On the third day , even the crumbs were gone , canteens were dry , and head lamps blinked off . This was the deepest darkness on Earth . The handyman leaders sat down and gave up . In the darkness , with no projects and work to distract them , the men could no longer avoid sad thoughts . They missed their families terribly and feared that the mine owners would n't take care of their widows and children . One man was heartened because it was Monday morning , so his daughter must be in school . Then he realized that the mine disaster probably caused the schools to close , and he felt lonely again , not knowing where his daughter was . Men longed to take back words spoken in anger . One realized he 'd taken a couple of little things from a friend 's shop with the intention of paying a few days later . Now , he 'd never be able to pay ; now , it was as if he 'd stolen from his friend . One man quietly wondered whether the other fellows knew that he had been born out of wedlock ; he 'd spent his life protecting the secret that he was a "  bastard . " Then thirst came on and blotted out almost everything else on their minds : It seemed to turn their tongues to wood and cracked their lips and scraped their throats raw . The men pooled their urine in a bucket and used bits of cloth to moisten their lips . Now , in both groups , new leaders arose . These  the researchers later determined  were more educated , had higher IQs and better interpersonal skills . They offered no escape plans and were not equipment experts . In the gassy pitch-black pits , their quiet voices sounded fatherly and moderate  one was the father of 12  . They were not panicking ; they still had hope . Their peaceful voices -- they spoke a little bit about God , a little bit about their certainty that rescuers were looking for them -- calmed the other men . Just being in the company of these thoughtful and kind men comforted the rest . Another remarkable thing happened underground , and it was that conventional social barriers fell . In one of the groups , the second leader , the sharer of hope , was Afro-Canadian . Aboveground , others worked beside him cheerfully enough -- this was not the American South -- but he 'd always felt himself held at bay . His family never socialized with any of theirs ; their wives were not friends . He , almost alone among the miners , could n't be said to have a best buddy on the crew . But now , in the dark , when only his deep and calm voice stood among them , race was a non-issue . He was more than equal . They looked to him as a leader . The rescue of the trapped miners after five days for the group of 12 and seven days for the group of six  a lone man was found alive elsewhere  was celebrated worldwide with breaking news reports , live footage and jubilation . A few miners accepted an invitation to appear on "  the Ed Sullivan Show " in New York . All of them traveled with their families to Jekyll Island , Georgia , at the state of Georgia 's expense , to relax and recuperate . How will Chilean miners fare psychologically ? But there , the realities of life on the Earth 's surface returned with a vengeance . Georgia was segregated ; only one motel , solely for whites , existed on Jekyll Island . Though the miners flew together to Jacksonville , Florida , Georgia authorities transported them to Jekyll in a white-only bus and a black-only bus , the latter exclusively for the Afro-Canadian miner and his family . His fellow miners protested , but the black miner , Maurice Ruddick , insisted that he and his family would have a fine vacation  though they were housed in a trailer far from the hotel  , and he urged everyone to relax and enjoy . The white vacationers enjoyed fishing trips , restaurants and a football game , while the Afro-Canadian family was entertained privately in the homes of black residents . Thus was the fellowship that existed underground -- between black and white , educated and uneducated , those of legitimate birth and those born "  out of wedlock " -- gradually dissolved by the bright light of day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Melissa Fay Greene .	Melissa Fay Greene writes about Canada mine collapse that captured world 's attention 20 men were trapped in darkness with no high-tech gear to free them , unlike Chile miners Social structure formed ; soon , a black man took lead , in contrast with his aboveground status Greene : Miners rescued , racial division resurfaced too ; fellowship dissolved in daylight
CNN  -- When a slow-motion massacre has unfolded over the course of 15 months , it 's easy to lose the world 's attention . But even the most jaded gasped in horror as news emerged of the latest carnage inflicted on the Syrian people . The images from the town of Houla defied belief . Forces loyal to Syrian President Bashar al-Assad went on a systematic killing spree , murdering at least 108 people . Most shockingly , the killers targeted women and children . A U.N. representative said the victims included 49 children who were younger than 10 . The al-Assad regime denied it carried out the atrocities , but U.N. officials said they saw clear evidence that the Syrian government was involved in the attacks . Why would a regime , even a brutal dictatorship , send its thugs to kill women and children , even babies ? Does it make any sense , even by the twisted logic of armed conflict and tyranny ? Syria says regime not to blame for massacre ; Rice says ` another blatant lie ' In a most perverse , sickening way , it makes perfect sense . And for the logic underlying this most inhuman tactic , one need only look at what has transpired in recent months and years as uprisings have sprung throughout the region , from Iran to Tunisia . Now that Tehran has -- perhaps accidentally -- revealed that it has sent some of its forces to help al-Assad , the strategy has become even easier to understand . The Syrian dictator is trying to restore a balance of fear , perhaps the most powerful weapon in the hands of tyrants throughout history . Killing children is supposed to intimidate the opposition . A couple of days after the Houla massacre , a top commander of Iran 's elite Revolutionary Guards , Ismail Ghani , told a reporter from Iran 's Isna news that "  before our presence in Syria , too many people were killed by the opposition but with the physical and nonphysical presence of the Islamic republic , big massacres in Syria were prevented . " Isna quickly deleted the interview , but the news was out . Ghani is the deputy commander of the Quds Force , whose mission is "  extraterritorial operations , " or revolution beyond Iran 's borders . Western diplomats are pushing for a negotiated settlement , but Syria , Iran 's only ally in the Arab world , is following what looks very much like an Iranian script , using blunt force to put down anti-government protests . That 's what Iran did in 2009 when the so-called Green Revolution arose after the disputed presidential elections . Tehran used its paramilitary Basij militias to brutally suppress the protests . But that was before the Arab uprisings showed people throughout the Middle East that sometimes revolutions do succeed . When al-Assad scans the horizon , he sees what happened to other Arab dictators . The presidents of Egypt , Tunisia and Yemen have lost power . The example of Moammar Gadhafi does not seem to apply to him so far , since opinion in the West until now has leaned against direct military intervention A reign of terror helped al-Assad 's father , the feared Hafez Assad , keep power for three decades , and then hand the country to his son as if it amounted to private property to be inherited by the next generation . When the elder Assad faced an uprising in 1982 , he ordered his loyal army to pulverize the opposition . The entire town of Hama was razed to the ground . Estimates of the dead range from 10,000 to 30,000 killed by Assad 's troops . That put a quick end to the revolt . The younger al-Assad is trying to do his father proud . But , despite the mounting death toll , he has lost the weapon of fear . Already 13,000 people are said to have died in the Syrian uprising . Despite that , the protesters are not staying home . Al-Assad , incidentally , denies any responsibility for the Houla massacre . He blames "  terrorists , " but nobody 's buying his denials . Witnesses say , and the evidence confirms , that government troops started firing tank shells and mortars at protesters during the Friday demonstration that has become a ritual of the anti-dictatorship movement . But the worst was yet to come . Houla is a Sunni Muslim town , a stronghold of the anti-Assad movement . It is also home to a military college , from where the tank and mortar fire came . U.N. observers found evidence of tank shells , which are not part of the opposition 's arsenal . Before long , paramilitary forces known as the Shabiha -- the Syrian version of Iran 's Basij -- joined the fight , assaulting demonstrators with gunfire and knives . By nightfall , the attacks became the worst of nightmares . The Shabiha , gangs of thugs and criminals , mostly belong to the president 's Alawite sect . According to the U.N. , about 20 people were killed by artillery fire . Most of the others were murdered execution-style in their homes . In some cases , entire families were killed . In the face of the heart wrenching death toll , the U.S. , the West and the rest of the world are feeling renewed pressure to take action . The Syrian opposition and some in the region have called for intervention , but few are inclined to step in . Some observers , including Zbigniew Brzezinski , a former national security adviser , say the U.S. should step back , arguing that as tragic as the situation is , there are many other problems of greater importance . But the probable presence of Iran in Syria highlights just how important this battle is , and not just for the Syrian people . The U.S. and the rest of the world should care about Syria not only for humanitarian reasons , but because the entire Middle East is now in play . If al-Assad survives , it will mark a victory for anti-American , anti-democratic forces in the Middle East . It will tilt the balance of power in the region in favor of dictatorship , in favor of the use of force and fear as the instrument of power and in favor of a regime in Tehran whose aim is to export its brand of retrograde , anti-American , anti-women , anti-gay , freedom-suppressing revolution . If al-Assad falls , it will mark a major defeat for Iran , one that will alter the region in ways that , while not certain to follow American wishes in every respect , has the potential to eventually improve stability . This is the Syrian people 's fight , and there 's no need now to put American "  boots on the ground . " But the U.S. government has a long menu of options to help bring about the end of the despicable al-Assad regime . No choice is without risk , and no route is assured of success , but it is clear that those seeking to overthrow the al-Assad regime should receive more active help from the West . The riskiest course of action is to stay on the sidelines and let Bashar al-Assad murder his people while we look the other way . The killing of children by a regime determined to intimidate the opposition made that point abundantly clear . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Frida Ghitis .	Frida Ghitis : The Houla massacre caused much of the world to gasp She says the regime is killing civilians , even children , to maintain a balance of terror Syria 's regime is choosing to follow path Iran used in crushing Green revolution , she says Ghitis : It 's not a surprise that Iranian forces are in Syria , helping the regime
Mexico City , Mexico  CNN  -- At least nine people died in shootouts over the weekend in northeastern Mexico , an area where two drug cartels have been waging a bloody war since January . Eight people were killed early Sunday in the municipality of Miguel Aleman in Tamaulipas state , the state government said on its Web site . Five died inside a bar and three others were killed in a motor vehicle , the government said . One gang-related death was recorded in the municipality Saturday during a firefight between soldiers and a group of armed men , the government 's information center said . The area , which borders Texas , has seen ferocious fighting between the Zetas and Gulf cartels after a recent gangland slaying . Hours-long gun battles are common , and U.S. officials were recently forced to temporarily close the consulate in Reynosa , another city in Tamaulipas state . On Monday , the U.S. State Department issued a travel warning to inform U.S. citizens traveling to and living in Mexico of concerns about the security situation in the nation . The State Department issued a similar warning in March . The trouble in Tamaulipas and neighboring Nuevo Leon state started January 18 , when Gulf cartel members killed top Zeta lieutenant Victor Mendoza . The Zetas demanded that the Gulf cartel turn over the killers , but the narco group refused . The Zetas , composed mostly of former elite military troops , had been the armed enforcers for the Gulf cartel since 2001 . They have become more independent in recent years , and the all-out war between the two cartels indicates the split is apparently permanent . Mexican authorities said Monday that the Gulf cartel has reached an alliance with the Familia Michoacana drug organization to fight the Zetas . Federal police made the observation in an announcement about the arrest of a top Familia Michoacana lieutenant and two other suspects . Cartel suspect Jose Manuel Cuevas Arias , known as "  el Borrego , " was the Michoacan organization 's leader in the state of Guanajuato , the federal police agency said on its Web site . The other two suspects were identified as Rafael Rosales Cuevas , 32 , alias "  el Aguacate , " and Luis Alberto Farias Ruiz , 22 , known as "  la Lore . " The states of Michoacan and Guanajuato border each other in southern Mexico . Cuevas Arias , 31 , is accused in the deaths of four federal police officers , the agency said . He was incarcerated twice in the United States , sentenced in Moreno Valle , California , in 2000 for the production of amphetamine and later for illegal entry into the country , Mexican federal police said . He was sentenced to two years for the illegal entry and was released in 2007 , the federal police said . The weekend violence in Tamaulipas was the latest in a string of bloody killings in the state . Earlier this month , five men and two women were killed in the city of Tampico . The most violent day this year occurred March 30 , when 18 people died in drug-related violence , the state government said . No official figures are available , but media tallies this year say more than 17,000 people have been killed nationwide since Mexican President Felipe Calderon declared war on the drug cartels shortly after taking office in December 2006 . Ciudad Juarez , in northern Mexico across from El Paso , Texas , is the most violent city in the nation , with more than 2,600 drug-related deaths in 2009 . No official numbers are available , but more than 400 killings have been reported by local media this year . The city , long the focal point of Calderon 's battle against cartels , came to renewed prominence after the January 31 killings of 15 people , most of them students with no links to organized crime . The massacre sparked outrage throughout Mexico and drew worldwide attention . In another incident that drew widespread attention , three people associated with the U.S. Consulate in Juarez were gunned down in two shootings last month . Two of the victims , including a pregnant woman , were U.S. citizens living in El Paso , Texas . Two graduate students apparently killed in crossfire between Mexican military and drug gang members in Nuevo Leon state also garnered much attention last month . Nuevo Leon borders Tamaulipas and also has seen widespread violence because of the battle between the Gulf and Zetas cartels . The Mexican government apologized to the families of the two students and promised an investigation into how they were killed .	Zeta , Gulf cartels have been waging a bloody war in northeastern Mexico Eight killed early Sunday in Tamaulipas state , which borders Texas , Gulf of Mexico State Department warns U.S. citizens about travel to Mexico Ciudad Juarez , across from El Paso , remain 's Mexico most violent city
CNN  -- When the stirring speeches , heavyweight debates and fevered campaigning of the U.S. elections are long forgotten , a handful of far less noble incidents are likely to be our enduring memories of the 2008 White House race . "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . " While the candidates would like us to view their bids for the top job as an honorable battle of wits , policies , values and big issues , the sad truth is that it 's more likely to boil down to a list of gaffes , embarrassments and sideshows . Both Democratic and Republican PR machines have been working hard to keep their campaigns on-script , but with a cast list of John McCain , Barack Obama , Joe Biden , Sarah Palin and the Clintons , they had their work cut out . Alaskan "  hockey mom " Palin 's late arrival undoubtedly stirred things up , adding a dash of vigor as the race lumbered into its final straight , but even before she began stealing the show , there was no shortage of scrapbook moments . Sound off : Which do you think are the most memorable moments from the 2008 election ? In no particular order , here is a selection of some of the best : 1 . Crying game : Back in January 's New Hampshire primaries , Hillary Clinton welled up with emotion , almost crying into her coffee cup during a chat with voters . This unexpected exposure of her human side was credited with winning back some women supporters . Read more 2 . McCain bombs : John McCain displayed rather off-key singing and diplomacy skills when asked if there was a plan to attack Iran back in April 2007 . Changing the words to the classic Beach Boys ' song "  Barbara Ann , " the Arizona senator responded : "  Bomb bomb bomb , bomb bomb Iran . " Read more 3 . Pastor disaster : Proving once again that religion and politics do n't mix , Barack Obama was forced to distance himself from his former pastor and mentor Jeremiah Wright , after a series of pulpit fulminations in which he made racially-charged criticisms of Hillary Clinton and said of the 9/11 terror attacks : "  American 's chickens are coming home to roost . " Read more 4 . Ramblin ' man : Garrulous "  gaffe machine " Joe Biden got the last word in a primary debate about his tendency to speak his mind and not shut up . Asked if he could hold his tongue enough to "  reassure your voters in this country that you have the discipline you would need on the world stage , " Biden replied succinctly : "  Yes . " Read more 5 . The pig issue : Obama may have been hoping to generate oinks of outrage when he commented in September that McCain 's policies were like "  lipstick on a pig , " after the Arizona senator named Sarah Palin as running mate . The Democratic candidate refused to apologize for what Republicans said was a misogynistic response to Palin 's own claim to be a pitbull in lipstick . You could n't make it up . Read more 6 . Miss-firing : Hillary Clinton had her campaign guns blazing in March when she described the drama of a visit to Bosnia 12 years earlier . "  I remember landing under sniper fire , " she said . Clinton was later forced to admit "  misspeaking " after video footage of the event showed her strolling leisurely from the aircraft . Read more 7 . Ordinary Joe : First there was Joe Biden , then there was Palin 's mythical beer swiller Joe Sixpack and finally there was Joe the Plumber -- just a regular guy worried about his business going down the drain . Despite not actually being a licensed plumber , and not even being called Joe , he has been seized on by McCain as an everyman hero . This endorsement sprung more leaks when Joe failed to appear on cue to a recent McCain event . Read more 8 . Bad business : Neither presidential candidate makes claim to being psychic , but McCain might have done better consulting his tea leaves rather than the advisors who led him to say "  the fundamentals of our economy are strong " on the eve of America 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression . Read more 9 . Palintology : Her political skills aside , moose-shooting Sarah Palin has been an unfortunately prolific headline generator for the Republican campaign , whether eyeing Russia from her Alaskan home , shopping for suits , stumbling over questions from Katie Couric or introducing her pregnant teenage daughter . Read more 10 . Barack = Britney : Celebrity endorsements are one thing , but McCain 's campaign ad comparing his rival to pop star Britney Spears and heiress Paris Hilton was seen by at least one person as taking things a little too far . A swimsuit-clad Hilton responded by launching her own campaign for the presidency : "  Hey America , I 'm Paris Hilton and I 'm a celebrity too . Only I 'm not from the olden days and I 'm not promising change like that other guy . I 'm just hot ! " Read more	Most memorable election moments likely to include gaffes and embarrassments Biden , Obama , McCain and Clinton all hit headlines for wrong reasons Palin generated many headlines for wrong reasons in last weeks of campaign
CNN  -- A movement away from using chimpanzees for research is gaining speed . This month , a working group organized by the National Institutes of Health issued a report recommending that most federally supported chimpanzees be retired and taken to sanctuaries . "  It 's not that the chimpanzee is not itself a valuable animal , " said K.C. Kent Lloyd of the University of California , Davis , who co-chaired the working group . But newer technologies , other animals and non-animal systems have been "  shown to address questions that we before may have only been able to address for chimpanzees , " he said . A 60-day comment period has begun on this report , and the public is invited to weigh in . After that , NIH Director Francis Collins will determine whether he will accept the report in its current form or make changes , Lloyd said . The recommendations pertain to the 360 chimpanzees that the NIH owns that are currently either "  research active " or "  research inactive . " An additional 91 chimps eligible for research live at the Texas Biomedical Research Institute in San Antonio ; although the NIH financially supports their maintenance , the agency can not itself retire these animals , Lloyd said . A separate group of 219 NIH-supported chimpanzees has been retired and is living at Chimp Haven Inc. in Keithville , Louisiana , or the New Iberia Research Center at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette . Laboratory chimps get a new lease on life Plans to accommodate additional retiring chimpanzees should begin "  immediately , " the report said . But the report does not call for the elimination of all research on chimpanzees , who share about 99 % of their DNA with humans . About 50 chimpanzees should be kept for potential research needs , the report said . They could all live in the same colony to minimize costs . In December 2011 , the Institute of Medicine proposed guidelines  PDF  for chimpanzee research , stating that there is little anticipated need for these animals in research and that they should live in appropriate environments and social settings . At that time , the Institute of Medicine committee highlighted two areas where chimpanzees could still be useful in biomedicine : creating a hepatitis C vaccine and developing therapies for cancerous tumors . Studies of chimpanzees ' cognition and brain activity may also fit the group 's standards . The NIH accepted the institute 's report and established a working group to give further advice on how to implement those recommendations . To gather information for the new report , Lloyd and colleagues went on field trips to various facilities to discuss with their experts what works and what challenges they encounter . "  We were not there to inspect facilities ; we were there to learn and to be exposed to how chimpanzees are maintained in a variety of environments , " Lloyd said . The report recommends that chimpanzees live in social groupings of at least seven and that no chimpanzee should live alone for extended periods of time without a documented medical reason or social circumstances . "  Pairs , trios , and even small groups of 4 to 6 individuals do not provide the social complexity required to meet the social needs of this cognitively advanced species , " the report said . Chimpanzees should have a living space of at least 1,000 square feet per animal and should be able to climb at least 20 feet vertically , the report said . The Humane Society of the United States is happy about the report 's recommendations for chimpanzee retirement and for the standards of living conditions for the animals , although its ultimate goal is to end all animal use in research , said Kathleen Conlee , vice president for animal research issues . "  It finally confirmed that there should be no chimpanzee breeding , which we were also very pleased with , " she said . Conlee said no U.S. laboratory meets the guidelines for chimpanzee living conditions described in this report . But Lloyd could not confirm this , as the working group did not evaluate individual sites based on those standards and did n't visit every single U.S. laboratory . The report included the observation that smaller animal models have helped scientists make strides in highly virulent viruses . Mice , rats , hamsters and guinea pigs are among the animals that are increasingly used for the research of emerging infectious diseases . "  The availability of these models will continually raise the scientific bar for justifying the use of chimpanzees , " the report said . If the recommendations go into effect , they will have jurisdiction only over NIH-supported or owned chimpanzees . But there are other chimpanzees that are part of research in the United States that do not fall into these categories . The Institute of Medicine report counted more than 930 chimpanzees at U.S. medical research facilities as of May 2011 . Many are used for hepatitis testing . Morality : It 's not just for humans	The National Institutes of Health owns 360 research-eligible chimpanzees Chimpanzees share about 99 % of their DNA with humans The NIH recommends keeping 50 chimps in a colony for potential research The new report is open to public comment for 60 days
Tucson , Arizona  CNN  -- Criminal defendants are expected to make initial appearances in federal courts in Phoenix and Tucson on Friday in connection with what one federal agency calls the largest human smuggling investigation in its history . U.S. and Mexican authorities arrested dozens of people Thursday in what U.S. officials say is "  the culmination of a comprehensive year-long " investigation focusing on shuttle buses operating along the border between Arizona and Mexico . "  This operation has dealt a serious blow to the infrastructure of some of Arizona 's most prolific and profitable human smuggling organizations -- organizations that made their money by moving people , " John Morton , homeland security assistant secretary for Immigration and Customs Enforcement , said at a news conference Thursday afternoon . The investigation is called Operation In Plain Sight because of what officials call the "  brazen nature " of the shuttle services , allegedly part of a confederation of illegal immigrant smuggling rings . The investigation "  included unprecedented cooperation with Mexico 's Secretariade Securidad Publica , " and it "  ultimately implicated high-level members of human smuggling organizations " in northern Mexico and the Arizona cities of Phoenix , Tucson and Nogales , ICE said . Eight hundred agents and officers from nine federal and local law enforcement agencies fanned out across Arizona on Thursday , making arrests in the three above cities , plus Rio Rico , and shutting down businesses . Authorities in Mexico and Tennessee also made arrests . ICE , which is part of the Department of Homeland Security , said owners and employees of five Arizona commercial shuttle services are among the 47 criminal suspects taken into custody after search and arrest warrants were executed in Arizona . Mexican agents made four criminal arrests , according to Virginia Kice , ICE 's Western regional communications director . Authorities announced two arrests in Tennessee , a location underscoring the national reach of the smuggling operation . Here 's how the rings operated , federal authorities said : Smugglers would help illegal immigrants enter the United States near a border city such as Nogales . They would then be transported to Tucson , where one of the shuttle vans would take them to Phoenix . Once there , they would rendezvous with another vehicle and be taken to a drop house , and they would then be moved to cities all over the United States , authorities said . Illegal immigrants were allegedly issued phony tickets for shuttle trips , which enabled drivers to claim they were operating legitimate businesses if they were stopped by law enforcement . While most of the smuggled people identified in the investigation came from Mexico and Central America , others came from far-flung locations , such as China . "  The defendants wrongly believed they could operate with impunity by hiding behind the veil of legitimacy these businesses provided . Using our investigative expertise , we 've dismantled these transnational organizations and literally seized the engines that were driving the criminal enterprise , " Morton said . The timing of the raids has drawn criticism from immigration rights groups . "  I think we 're getting absolutely mixed messages , " Jennifer Allen , director of Border Action , said Thursday . "  I saw that just yesterday , first lady Michelle Obama said she wants to see immigration reform happen , and then we wake up this morning and we have ICE raids intensively throughout the state of Arizona . " The first lady visited Mexico this week , where she met with her counterpart , Margarita Zavala de Calderon . ICE officials say politics played no role in the operation . They say the massive investigation and resulting sweep represent a shift in enforcement strategy . For years , law enforcement officials concentrated on busting illegal immigrant drop houses . Now , federal officials say , they are after the transportation networks that supply the smugglers ' human cargo . CNN 's Casey Wian and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	Operation in Plain Sight deals "  serious blow " to smugglers , Homeland Security official says Eight hundred agents and officers from nine agencies mobilized in Arizona Owners , employees of 5 Arizona shuttle services are among those taken into custody Saying U.S. sends "  mixed messages , " raids ' timing draws ire of immigration group official
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Britons including Prime Minister Gordon Brown have leapt to the defense of their creaking healthcare service after President Barack Obama 's plans for a similar system in the United States were branded "  evil " by Republicans . British Prime Minister Gordon Brown issued a heartfelt message of support for the NHS via Twitter . Tens of thousands of people have joined a Twitter group expressing pride in the UK 's National Health Service  NHS  , which offers free taxpayer-funded medical care to all British residents , while leading politicians have spoken out in support . Republican former vice-presidential candidate Sarah Palin earlier this week condemned Obama 's plans to introduce a public heath insurance scheme as an "  evil " move that would result in "  death panels " deciding who would live or die . Her criticism has been echoed by fellow Republicans in direct attacks on Britain 's NHS . In an article , Former House of Representatives Speaker Newt Gingrich said British healthcare was run by "  Orwellian " bureaucrats who put a price tag on life . Sound off : What do you think of the British healthcare model ? The comments caused a storm of protest in the United Kingdom , with Prime Minister Brown wading into the argument via micro-blogging site Twitter , where a conversation chain , " #welovetheNHS " , is generating huge online traffic . Britons react to the U.S. healthcare debate " A posting on the 10 Downing Street Twitter site on Wednesday read : "  PM : NHS often makes the difference between pain and comfort , despair and hope , life and death . Thanks for always being there . " The message was followed by another , from Brown 's wife Sarah , adding : " #welovetheNHS -- more than words can say . " Professor Stephen Hawking , author of "  A Brief History of Time " , also spoke out in favor of the British system , telling the Guardian newspaper that he owes his life to NHS treatment for the neuro-muscular dystrophy he has suffered from for 40 years . "  I would n't be here today if it were not for the NHS , " he said . "  I have received a large amount of high-quality treatment without which I would not have survived . " Despite the support , the 51-year-old NHS is regularly the target of criticism at home , with opposition politicians accusing Brown 's government of mismanagement resulting in long waiting lists and a "  lottery " in deciding who gets life-saving drugs and surgery . Nevertheless , opposition Conservative Party leader David Cameron also added his voice to the defense campaign with a posting on his party 's Web site . " Millions of people are grateful for the care they have received from the NHS -- including my own family . "  One of the wonderful things about living in this country is that the moment you 're injured or fall ill -- no matter who you are , where you are from , or how much money you 've got -- you know that the NHS will look after you . " His statement followed comments from one of his own party members backing the Republican criticism of the NHS . Dan Hannan , a Conservative member of the European Parliament reportedly said in an interview that "  he would n't wish it on anyone . "	Britons leap to defend National Health Service after U.S. criticism Prime Minister Gordon Brown among those expressing pride in system NHS offers free health care to all UK residents
Here 's another Scottish mystery to file alongside the Loch Ness Monster and Mel Gibson 's accent in "  Braveheart . " Ice pancakes . These strange frozen saucers were found during a recent cold snap near the River Dee -- a salmon-filled waterway that passes by the British Queen 's summer residence , Balmoral Castle , before heading eastwards to the coastal city of Aberdeen . River Dee Trust biologist Jamie Urquhart made the discovery and took the photos at Lummels Pool , Birse -- several miles downstream of Balmoral . The trust said it was initially unsure what caused the pancakes , but supects they 're caused by a rare phenomenon in which foam freezes in a swirling eddy . Rare occurrence "  Perhaps each disc grew when smaller pieces of unfrozen foam struck the disc , adhered and then froze in place , " it wrote on its website . "  The raised rims are undoubtedly due to the collisions but what about the inner lines ? "  The air temperature was colder at night due to the clear-sky conditions but warmer in the day , meaning the discs may have grown at night , then during the day , when the discs softened in the sun , further collisions between the ` pancakes ' caused the rims to be pushed up . "  The next night further growth would have occurred , followed by a new rim the next day . " The Trust said it 's the first time the pancakes , more commonly found in the Antarctic or the Baltic Sea , have been seen on the River Dee .	Ice pancakes found by biologist near the River Dee in eastern Scotland The Trust believes the phenomenon is caused by foam freezing in river eddies Ice pancakes are said to be more common in he Antarctic or Baltic
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israeli security forces are preparing to deport hundreds of pro-Palestinian activists expected to arrive at the country 's main international airport beginning Sunday to protest Israel 's policies in the occupied West Bank . "  Israeli Police will be implementing measures inside and around Ben Gurion airport from the weekend in order to deal with the arrival of activists into the country , " Israeli police spokesman Mickey Rosenfeld told CNN . Activists for "  Welcome to Palestine 2012 " one of the pro-Palestinian groups organizing what has been dubbed a "  fly-in " event , said some 1500 to 2000 activists mainly from Europe , the United States , and Canada would board civilian flights for Israel in order to make their way to various events in Bethlehem and other West Bank cities . Organizers say they are trying to draw attention to what they claim are prejudicial Israeli border policies that force many international visitors coming to Palestinian areas to lie about their destinations . "  We believe , like prisoners in prisons , we are entitled to receive visitors and Palestinians under Israeli occupation are also entitled to receive visitors , " said event coordinator Mazin Qumsiyeh . "  So we are entitled to get international visitors to come and visit and show solidarity with us to learn about the situation , but Israel chooses to prevent these people from coming , " Last year organizers staged a similar event and Israel authorities detained and deported dozens of activists who entered the country . On Tuesday Israel 's public security minister , Yitzhak Aharonovitch called activists "  provocateurs " and told Israeli news portal Ynet they would "  be dealt with in a determined and quick way , " adding that "  If they arrive in Israel they will be identified , removed from the plane , their entry into Israel will be prevented and they will be moved to a detention facility until they are flown out of Israel . " To that end Israeli officials have been in touch with airlines and provided them with lists of people who are forbidden from entering the country . "  Usually airlines do n't allow these people to embark , because then they have to cover the expense of the return flight " said Israeli Foreign Ministry spokesman Yigal Palmor . "  What we did last year is we had a list of number of people who have been banned from entering the country in the past , and others who will be banned now because they have openly declared that they will come here to disturb public order in one way or another , " Palmor told CNN Palmor said passengers landing who are denied an entrance visa have the right to appeal but could face three days in detention before their hearing . Qumsiyeh insists the event is entirely peaceful in nature and suggested that Israeli authorities were over-reacting . "  The Israeli internal security is paranoid and is turning the airport into a military camp . They want to arrest the activists and are calling us provocateurs and demonstrators as they always do " Qumsiyeh said . "  The activists are coming peacefully and will visit the West Bank and help us build a community school and then they will go home with no problems , Israel is creating the problems and not us . "	1500 to 2000 activists expected by air from Europe , U.S. , Canada , says activist group Activists want to go to events in Bethlehem and other West Bank cities , they say Israeli security forces plan to deport the activists
CNN  -- Rutgers men 's assistant basketball coach Jimmy Martelli resigned the same day his boss was fired after ESPN broadcast a lengthy video of players being physically and verbally abused , the university told CNN on Thursday . Rutgers gave no reason for Martelli 's resignation Wednesday . The outcry over the treatment of the players arose after ESPN on Tuesday showed footage of head coach Mike Rice shoving and berating players . ESPN reported Thursday that Martelli also was involved , in a handful of instances where he shoved players and at least one instance where he called a player "  a f**king fa ** ot . " The network posted a different video on its website that showed Martelli getting physical with players and an interview with Eric Murdock , a former director of player development for the Scarlet Knights , who said Martelli was known as "  Baby Rice . " Martelli , son of longtime St. Joseph 's coach Phil Martelli , joined the Rutgers staff in May 2010 after three seasons as an assistant under Rice at Robert Morris , which twice made the NCAA tournament . In a statement obtained by CNN , Martelli said , "  I am sickened that as an assistant coach I contributed in any way to an unacceptable culture . Wednesday I resigned from Rutgers and I hope that coaches on all levels will learn something important from these events . For my actions , I am deeply sorry and I apologize to the players from the bottom of my heart . " The news comes the same day Rutgers revealed the university will pay Rice a $ 100,000 longevity bonus , according to a university spokesman . Rice said after he was fired that "  there 's no explanation for what 's on those videos because there 's no excuse for it , " according to CNN affiliate WABC . "  I ca n't say anything right now except I 'm sorry , and there will never be a time where I 'm going to use any of that as an excuse or will there be any excuse , " he said , according to the station . "  I 've let so many people down , my players , my administration , Rutgers University , the fans , my family -- who 's sitting in their house , just huddled around because of the fact that their father was an embarrassment to them . " The video , which ESPN said features excerpts of practice sessions shot between 2010 and 2012 , initially had earned Rice a three-game suspension , a $ 75,000 fine and a ticket to anger management classes . "  You f**king fairy ... you 're a f**king fa ** ot , " Rice appears to say during one session depicted on the video , which also shows him shoving and throwing basketballs at players . Under pressure from incensed state officials to take stronger action , Athletic Director Tim Pernetti said Wednesday that he had made a mistake in favoring suspension . "  I am responsible for the decision to attempt a rehabilitation of Coach Rice , " Pernetti said in a written statement . "  Dismissal and corrective action were debated in December and I thought it was in the best interest of everyone to rehabilitate , but I was wrong . Moving forward , I will work to regain the trust of the Rutgers community . " According to CNN affiliate WCBS , Pernetti said he had talked to Martelli about the video . "  Jimmy was spoken to about the matter , " Pernetti told reporters Tuesday . "  We dealt with that . Certainly the tape focused on Mike , but it brought some other things to light that we dealt with at the same time that we dealt with Mike . " CNN 's Aaron Cooper contributed to this report .	Jimmy Martelli , son of St. Joseph 's coach , had been at Rutgers for two years ESPN airs video showing assistant shoving players , yelling gay slur at player Rutgers fired its head men 's basketball coach on Wednesday Martelli joined the Rutgers staff before the 2010-2011 season
The meteor that exploded over the steppes of southwestern Russia sent a low-frequency rumble bouncing through the Earth , giving scientists new clues about the biggest cosmic intruder in a century . The big boom over Chelyabinsk on February 15 also produced a wave of sound thousands of times lower than a piano 's middle C -- far below the range of human hearing , according to the international agency that watches for nuclear bomb tests . The Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization said that sound wave showed up on sensors from Greenland to Antarctica , making it the largest ever detected by its network . Scientists then used that wave to calculate the size of the small asteroid that plunged to Earth , said Margaret Campbell-Brown , an astronomer at Canada 's University of Western Ontario . The duration of the wave -- about 32 seconds -- let scientists estimate the energy of the blast at between 450 and 500 kilotons , the size of about 30 early nuclear bombs From there , Brown said , they could calculate the size of the fireball ; and using an estimate of the meteor 's speed from the numerous dashboard and mobile-phone cameras that captured the scene , it was "  first-year physics " to figure out the approximate size and weight , she said . The latest estimate is that the Chelyabinsk meteor was about 56 feet  17 meters  across , weighed more than 7,000 tons and was moving about 18 kilometers per second  40,000 mph  when it blew apart , she said . Opinion : A meteor and asteroid : 1 in 100 million odds "  In terms of things we have observed , this is the largest since Tunguska , " Brown said , referring to the suspected meteor that flattened a Siberian forest in 1908 . The nuclear test monitors pick up "  infrasound " , or low frequency , waves from about 20 meteors a year -- "  if conditions are right , perhaps as small as a pea , " she said . Russian authorities say more than 1,500 people were hurt , mostly by flying glass , when the Chelyabinsk meteor exploded in spectacular fashion . Amateur video footage showed a bright white streak moving rapidly across the sky before exploding with an even brighter flash and a deafening bang . Bill Cooke , head of NASA 's Meteoroid Environment Office , said scientists believe the object originated in the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter . It was the Apollo group of asteroids , which circle the sun in oblong orbits , that occasionally cross Earth 's . Cooke said scientists expect to study the Chelyabinsk event for months . But the dozens of fragments that have been found so far point to a fairly common , stony asteroid with traces of nickel and iron . "  The composition is not at all unusual as far as meteorites go , " he said . "  It was just very big . " More space and science news on CNN 's Light Years blog	Nuclear test sensors picked up meteor 's sound wave as far away as Antarctica Scientists used that sound to calculate the size of the space rock Meteor created boom over Russia
CNN  -- Suzuki have confirmed they will not race in the 2012 MotoGP world championship , although they are planning to return for the 2014 season . The Japanese manufacturer had been expected to quit the sport completely , having already lost rider Alvaro Bautista to Honda . Spaniard Bautista finished the 2011 season in 13th place but has signed to race for the San Carlo Honda Gresini team in 2012 . A statement released by Suzuki on the official MotoGP website said : "  This suspension is to cope with tough circumstances mainly caused by the prolonged recession in developed countries , a historical appreciation of Japanese Yen and repeated natural disasters . "  Having an eye to returning to MotoGP in 2014 , Suzuki will now focus on developing a competitive new racing machine for that class . " The statement continued : "  Suzuki will continue motocross racing activity and support of road racing activities using mass-produced motorcycles and co-operation with the supplier of its development racing kit parts . " Meanwhile , in Formula One , Renault team principal Eric Boullier has confirmed on the manufacturer 's official website that he has accepted an apology from driver Vitaly Petrov , after the Russian 's post-race outburst following last weekend 's Abu Dhabi Grand Prix . Boullier said : "  The interview was made minutes after Vitaly jumped out of the car last Sunday . The race was tough , he was upset not to have scored points and he was exhausted . "  Drivers are not robots , they 're human beings and as far as we are concerned , the matter is closed . "	Suzuki confirm they will not be participating in MotoGP for the next two years The news follows the recent loss of Spanish rider Alvaro Bautista to Honda The Japanese manufacturer plans to return to the grid for the 2014 season
Eski Mosul , Northern Iraq  CNN  The mortar was dropped into the launch tube , but nothing happened . A prod , a kick and a shake failed to stir it . Eventually one of the Kurdish fighters at this position near Mosul unceremoniously tipped the tube upside down , picked up the offending shell and lobbed it over the sandbags , where mercifully it failed to explode . About 100 Kurdish Peshmerga fighters were at this frontline position in Eski Mosul late last week , perhaps the most contested piece of real estate in northern Iraq . It sits at a junction that leads from Mosul to Tal Afar and beyond to the Syrian border -- a critical supply line for the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria  ISIS  . Supported by coalition air strikes , the Kurds swept down to seize the area late last month . Now they are engaged in daily battles with ISIS fighters , many of whom are local , according to Kurdish commanders who listen in on ISIS radio communications . Between the sandbags and through the haze , a white building 800 yards away protected an ISIS position . After one mortar was  this time successfully  fired at the building , a sniper 's bullet shot over the Kurds ' position with a faint hiss -- as if to say "  You missed . " The Peshmerga are now well dug in at Eski Mosul with mortar batteries , at least one MILAN anti-tank missile and heavy machine guns . The MILAN is especially useful for taking out vehicles rigged up as suicide bombs . The wreckage of one sits just 100 yards from the Kurds ' defensive positions . In two days , the Peshmerga say , ISIS sent 20 vehicle bombs up the road , a sign of how badly the terrorists want to retake this position . One had 8.5 tons of TNT primed to explode , according to Kurdish commanders , but its driver was shot and killed before he could detonate the device . The importance of the crossroads was evident from the presence of a small detachment of British military personnel who covered their faces and quickly drove off at the first sign of a television crew . "  No photos please , " pleaded their Kurdish minder . On the way to Eski Mosul , the villages around Zumar show the scars of ISIS occupation . Some buildings occupied by the group had been razed by air strikes . But many more were blown up by ISIS fighters as they retreated . Others were booby-trapped with cleverly-hidden explosive devices to await families coming home . One elegant villa on a hill had been reduced to a jagged mix of concrete and steel wire . Crushed between cement slabs was a flat screen TV ; a staircase lay at a crazy angle . The owner -- a Kurd -- stood outside , curling amber beads between his fingers . His nephew had come to the house with three others , he said . They opened the front door and there was a massive explosion . The commander of this area and head of the Kurdistan Region Security Council is Masrour Barzani , one of Kurdish President Massoud Barzani 's sons . At his well-guarded hilltop base , he waved his hand across a map of the region . The Peshmerga have retaken some 5,000 square miles of territory since the high-water mark of ISIS ' expansion in this region , and now guard a front of some 700 miles -- an area stretching from Sinjar in the north to Kirkuk in the center of Iraq . "  The myth of ISIS being undefeated has been broken , " Barzani said . But he also described ISIS as "  pretty much intact " as a fighting force . He estimated it has some 40,000 members in Syria and Iraq , aided by many more collaborators and sympathizers among Sunni Arab tribes alienated by Iraq 's previous government . But now the Iraqi army had to step up , he said . The Kurds could not -- and should not -- take mainly Arab towns like Tal Afar , which ISIS has held since June . "  We do n't want to create any political sensitivities with the Arabs , " said Barzani . Barzani -- like many in the region and beyond -- is trying to work out ISIS ' strategy in Iraq . Its center of gravity appears to be shifting south and west , with most offensive operations taking place in Anbar and Salah ad Din provinces . Its raid on the town of al-Baghdadi in Anbar , using sleeper cells within and coordinated attacks from outside , shows that ISIS is still capable of complex operations , even after months of airstrikes . Some of these territorial gains are fleeting and tactical and may be intended to pull Iraqi forces in different directions . For example , ISIS last week launched an attack on villages south of the city of Tikrit , which it still holds , drawing in a mixture of Iraqi military , police and Shia militia units . At the same time , ISIS is making a major effort to resupply and reinforce its presence in Mosul . From a ridge overlooking the town of Sinjar , we witnessed a constant stream of trucks and tankers traveling between the Syrian border and the Mosul area at high speed , as coalition drones and F-16s flew overhead . Barzani believes ISIS is redeploying fighters from Syria to this part of Iraq . The Kurds ' progress means militants have had to take a circuitous route , but there is no sign that ISIS is ready to abandon Mosul -- a symbolic and strategic prize . ISIS draws on the victories of Nur al-Din al-Zanki against the Crusaders 900 years ago and his slaughter of Christians throughout what is now Syria . Al-Zanki united Aleppo and Mosul under his rule , and built a mosque in his name in Mosul . It was at that same mosque , on the first Friday of Ramadan last year , when Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi took to the pulpit to declare his caliphate . Inside the city , however , the situation is dire , according to accounts of the few residents who have been able to leave , messages from inside the city , and Kurdish officials . Water and electricity are in short supply , the price of basics has rocketed , and ISIS ' rule has become more draconian . Suspected "  collaborators " are being summarily executed , among them former police and military officers . ISIS has been building up its defenses around the city with trenches and berms , and has destroyed at least one main bridge . Barzani told CNN that in areas the Kurds had taken , people were "  literally starving ... in extremely bad condition . " "  People are afraid to send their girls out because they are afraid they might be taken as concubines for the emirs or fighters ; they are afraid to send young boys out to run errands because they 're afraid they might be taken as fighters for ISIS , " he said . But across Iraq , ISIS continues to benefit both from Baghdad 's weakness and sectarian tensions . Iraqi security forces are being retrained and reorganized with U.S. help , but they 're not yet fit for purpose and still reliant on Shia militias , known as Popular Mobilization Units , in some areas . Nor are they familiar with the close urban combat that will be required to retake a city like Mosul . The murder in the capital of a prominent Sunni tribal leader , Sheikh Qassim al-Janabi , on Friday has again inflamed sectarian tensions , with Sunni blocs suspending their participation in the parliament and government . Al-Janabi had campaigned for investigations into the disappearance of Sunnis . A leading Sunni figure in the government , Deputy Prime Minister Saleh Mutlaq , said after the attack : "  We must get rid of militias and weapons must be put in the hands of the state . " Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi has promised to do just that , but must also be aware of the need for effective fighting forces against ISIS . The result , says Joe Stork of Human Rights Watch , is that "  Iraqi civilians are being hammered by ISIS and then by pro-government militias in areas they seize from ISIS . " Human Rights Watch is investigating the deaths of more than 70 people after a Shia militia captured a Sunni village in Diyala province last month . "  With the government responding to those they deem terrorists with arbitrary arrests and executions , residents have nowhere to turn for protection , " Stork said . And that 's just what ISIS wants .	The frontline position in Eski Mosul is perhaps the most contested piece of real estate in northern Iraq Supported by coalition air strikes , the Kurds swept down to seize the area late last month In two days , the Peshmerga say , ISIS sent 20 vehicle bombs up the road
CNN  -- Rioting has flared near Belfast on Saturday after the arrests of three men in the killings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week , police said . Two people in masks prepare to throw petrol bombs Saturday in Lurgan , Northern Ireland . Petrol bombs have been hurled at police in Lurgan , a town in County Armagh , 20 miles west of Belfast , police in Northern Ireland said . There are gangs of youths on the streets , authorities said , but there have been no arrests or injuries . Police announced the arrests on Saturday and said the three men have been taken to the police service 's Serious Crime Suite in County Antrim . One of them , a dissident republican named Colin Duffy , is from Lurgan . They are the first arrests in connection with the March 7 shootings , which were the first fatal attack on British troops in the province for more than 12 years . The two British soldiers were shot dead at a base in Massereene , in Antrim , as they were preparing to ship out for duty in Afghanistan . The soldiers , Cengiz "  Pat " Azimkar , 21 , and Mark Quinsey , 23 , had already packed their bags and changed into desert uniforms , authorities said . Two masked gunmen with automatic rifles shot them as the soldiers picked up a pizza delivery at the barracks , authorities said . Two other soldiers and the two pizza delivery men were seriously wounded . The shooting has sparked fears of a return to the sectarian violence that Northern Ireland suffered until the Good Friday Agreement of 1998 , a period known as The Troubles . A militant splinter group , the Real IRA , reportedly claimed it had carried out the attack on the soldiers . Two days after the soldiers were killed , a police officer was killed in a shooting southwest of Belfast . Constable Stephen Carroll was one of four officers who were responding to call in Craigavon when his vehicle came under fire and he was killed . Three people have been arrested in connection with the police officer 's death . The Continuity IRA , a republican splinter group that does not accept the Good Friday Agreement , said it had killed Carroll , Britain 's Press Association reported . Politicians from across the political spectrum have condemned the killings , with Sinn Fein deputy leader Martin McGuinness calling the killers "  traitors to the island of Ireland . " Sinn Fein is a predominantly Catholic party that wants Northern Ireland to leave the United Kingdom and become part of the Republic of Ireland . The party is widely thought to be linked to the Irish Republican Army . Danny Kennedy , deputy leader of the loyalist Ulster Unionist Party , which wants Northern Ireland to remain part of the United Kingdom , also condemned the attack as "  wicked and murderous . "	NEW : Petrol bombs hurled at police after arrests in connection with soldiers ' killings Three arrested over slayings of two soldiers in Northern Ireland last week Three men also being held in Monday 's killing of police officer Two republican groups have reportedly claimed responsibility for the killings
CNN  -- Can Hewlett-Packard 's motion-tracking webcams see black people ? It 's a question posed on a now-viral YouTube video and the company says it 's looking into it . In the video , two co-workers take turns in front of the camera -- the webcam appears to follow Wanda Zamen as she sways in front of the screen and stays still as Desi Cryer moves about . HP acknowledged in a statement e-mailed to CNN that the cameras may have issues with contrast recognition in certain lighting situations . The webcams , built into HP 's new computers , are supposed to keep people 's faces and bodies in proportion and centered on the screen as they move . The video went viral over the weekend , garnering more than 400,000 YouTube page views and a slew of comments on Twitter . It was something neither Zamen nor Cryer expected to happen . Zamen said she and Cryer , her co-worker , were playing around with the computer at work and testing it when they stumbled upon the facial recognition feature . Cryer and Zamen said they were laughing when they realized the camera followed her and not him . "  We thought it was pretty funny , we thought it was hilarious , " Zamen said . So they made a video , which they planned to just share with friends on Facebook and YouTube . There was no script , no rehearsal , just two friends filming what they thought was a hilarious software glitch . So again , the two took turns in front of the camera . "  As soon as my blackness enters the frame , it stopped , " Cryer says in the video . "  Black Desi gets in there , no face recognition anymore , buddy , " he says . YouTube.com : Watch the video "  I think my blackness is interfering with the computer 's ability to follow me , " he continues . But now that the video has gotten so much attention , the two co-workers want everyone , including HP , to know they never intended the video to spark a discussion about whether the webcam was racist . Zamen said she liked the computer so much , she suggested Cryer get one for his wife . "  The intent was definitely not to go after HP , it just so happened the computer was an HP and we recognized the software glitch , " Cryer said . "  We did it for laughs , but if the video does make HP put out a better product , then great , " Zamen added . HP was quick to react , too . The company quickly posted on the it 's blog , TheNextBench.com , on Sunday after the video went viral , responding to concerns . "  The technology we use is built on standard algorithms that measure the difference in intensity of contrast between the eyes and the upper cheek and nose , " wrote Tony Welch , the lead social media strategist for HP 's Personal Systems Group . "  We believe that the camera might have difficulty ` seeing ' contrast in conditions where there is insufficient foreground lighting . " TheNextBench.com : Read the statement on HP 's blog Meanwhile , Welch pointed users facing similar problems to HP 's help page , which provides guidance on how to change the lighting or other optimization settings on the camera . HP.com : See the HP help page On Monday HP also told CNN in a corporate statement that the issue is most likely related to lighting , but they are looking into the situation further . "  HP has been informed of a potential issue with facial-tracking software . Consistent with other webcams , proper foreground lighting is required for the product to effectively track any person and their movements , " the statement said . "  As with all our products , we continue to explore refinements which help to optimize their use . " Cryer and Zamen said they 've heard similar feedback from commenters online offering ideas on fixing the lighting . The co-workers ' video has also sparked others to try the product . After media coverage of the YouTube video , Consumer Reports did its own testing of the product to see if the YouTube video portrayal was accurate . ConsumerReports.org : Watch testing of the webcam feature In standard lighting , the webcam did n't move with an African-American male as it did with a white male . But after lighting sources were added , the webcam was able to track the African-American male 's face and movements . CNN 's Mythili Rao and Rachel Sherman contributed to this report .	NEW : Video was meant to be humorous showing of software glitch , co-workers say Co-workers : Motion-tracking webcam moves with white woman , not black man "  I think my blackness is interfering with the computer 's ability to follow me , " user says HP : "  Camera may have trouble ` seeing ' contrast " in poor lighting conditions
London , England  CNN  -- They are the jewels of a royal love affair , one that led Britain 's King Edward VIII to abdicate the throne more than 70 years ago so he could marry the woman he loved . Now , the diamonds , gold , and precious gemstones that expressed the love between Edward and American Wallis Simpson are going up for auction . The 20 items being offered at Sotheby 's in London on Tuesday include 11 pieces by Cartier , some of which are estimated at more than # 1 million  $ 1.5 million  each . "  The offering comprises not only incomparable examples of the genius of Cartier in collaboration with the Windsors , but also pieces whose inscriptions tell the story of perhaps the greatest love story of the 20th century , the romance that led Edward VIII to abdicate the throne of Great Britain , " said David Bennett , the chairman of Sotheby 's Jewelry in Europe and the Middle East . The couple commissioned jewels from the great European jewelry houses during their courtship in the 1930s and after they were married , Sotheby 's said . Cartier was one of their favored jewelers , and the company 's high jewelry director Jeanne Toussaint created some of her best work just for the couple , who came to be known as the Duke and Duchess of Windsor . One of the pieces she created was an onyx and diamond bracelet in the form of an elongated panther . Designed in 1952 , the bracelet was among the finest of Toussaint 's "  great cats " jewels and is in the sale at an estimated # 1-1 .5 million  $ 1.5-2 .3 million  . Also up for sale is a diamond flamingo brooch with feathers of rubies , sapphires and emeralds , and a beak of citrine . The brooch , also estimated between # 1 and 1.5 million , was the showpiece of an earlier sale of the couple 's jewels , held in Geneva in 1987 . All the items up for auction Tuesday belonged to a single owner , but Sotheby 's did not disclose that person 's identity . Edward had been on the throne for just 11 months when he decided to give up the crown in December 1936 to marry Simpson , an American divorcee . He chose to abdicate because , as supreme governor of the Church of England , he was not permitted to marry a divorced woman . The abdication speech he gave Dec. 11 , 1936 , revealed his love for the woman who would later become his wife . "  I have found it impossible to carry the heavy burden of responsibility and to discharge my duties as king , as I would wish to do , without the help and support of the woman I love , " Edward said . The auction includes a favorite bracelet of Simpson 's , made of diamonds and supporting nine gem-set Latin crosses -- each with an intimate inscription on the back , Sotheby 's said . The crosses represent special moments in her life , including her marriage and the assassination attempt against the king . A heart-shaped brooch of rubies and diamonds was commissioned for the couple 's 20th wedding anniversary and features the initials W.E. -- for Wallis and Edward -- in emeralds on the front . Cartier also created a six-piece diamond-encrusted dress suite comprising a pair of cufflinks , three dress buttons and a stud , given by Simpson to Edward in 1935 to wear for the Royal Silver Jubilee celebrations and his birthday . Each cufflink features an E on one end and a W on the other . One of the buttons is inscribed on the back with the phrase "  Hold Tight , " a favorite phrase of the couple in their correspondence before marriage . Another gift Simpson gave to her husband traces the routes of European trips they had taken together on an 18-carat gold and gem-set cigarette case . Each city is marked with a gem or diamond and is connected to the next by enamel lines . The inscription on the back reveals it was a Christmas present in 1935 . Other items in the sale include a purse made by Van Cleef and Arpels of gold mesh , rubies , turquoise and diamonds , and a series of silver items and medals once owned by Edward .	The pieces belonged to Britain 's King Edward VIII and Wallis Simpson Edward abdicated the throne in 1936 in order to marry Simpson The jewels are of gold , diamonds , and gemstones Some of the items are estimated at more than $ 1.5 million
CNN  -- A Miami police officer in a marked squad car has been charged with reckless driving , accused of zigzagging through Florida Turnpike traffic at more than 120 miles an hour so that he could be on time for his off-duty job , the Florida Highway Patrol said Saturday . Officer Fausto Lopez , 35 , of Miami was handcuffed at gunpoint earlier this month and charged with second-degree reckless driving , a misdemeanor , according to the highway patrol 's offense report . Lopez was eventually released , authorities said . In a pursuit videotaped on the trooper 's in-car camera , Lopez led Florida highway patrol officer D.J. Watts on a seven-minute , almost 12-mile chase in pre-dawn darkness on Tuesday , October 11 , the report said . The state patrol officer was driving on the turnpike when the white marked Miami police car blew by at a high rate of speed and "  crossed over all lanes of traffic , " the report said . The highway patrol officer could n't even overtake the Miami police car "  due to the unit traveling extremely reckless , in and out of traffic at high rates of speed , in excess of 120 mph , " according to the report . The Miami cop ignored the state patrol officer 's siren and lights -- and even "  accelerated " at times and continued changing lanes . At one point , the Miami officer slowed to 78 miles an hour , but sped up again , the highway patrol said . Finally , the Miami officer , wearing his uniform , pulled over his squad car at 6:35 a.m. in Hollywood . A state highway patrol video shows the state trooper pulling out her service handgun as she approached the Miami police car with the officer seated behind the wheel . The Miami police officer "  stated that he was en route to an off-duty work detail and that he had to be there by 7:00 a.m. , " Watts wrote in her report . On the Florida Highway Patrol offense report , the document lists Fausto 's occupation as "  police officer " whose employer is "  City of Miami Police Departmen  t  " and lists the style of automobile as "  police car , " a white 2008 Crown Victoria . A Miami police spokesman could n't be reached immediately for comment Saturday . But Miami Police Detective Willie Moreno told CNN affiliate WFOR in Miami that the department will determine whether to take any action against Lopez after a judge rules on his case . The Florida Turnpike is also designated as Florida State Route 91 , and the turnpike 's website nicknames the highway "  The Less Stressway . " CNN 's Kara Devlin contributed to this report .	Miami Police Officer Fausto Lopez is charged with reckless driving Lopez , 35 , was in uniform and driving a marked Miami police car in pre-dawn darkness A camera inside a Florida Highway Patrol car tapes the seven-minute , 12-mile chase Lopez told the arresting officer he was trying to make it on time to his off-duty job
CNN  We may all feel like we 're under a cloud from time to time , but in hot and dry climates having your own personal misting cloud is as uplifting as it can get . In Dubai , the Gulf State mega-city situated in one of the hottest parts of the world , the benefits of evaporative cooling have long been known . Neighboring Saudi Arabia is already one of the world 's largest dairy producers and its massive indoor herds are kept at an even 21 and 23 degrees Celsius with gigantic misters . Now one group of designers is reinventing the technology for human beings , devising a system that uses motion tracking and ceiling-mounted misters to provide each pedestrian with their own cooling spray . Ultrasonic sensors embedded in the canopy structure recognize visitors and send data to a control system that activates hydro-pumps and LED lights in their proximity . "  If you create a more responsive climate around people , you can save a lot of energy by creating just a bubble of heat or a bubble of cool in which they can travel , " Professor Carlo Ratti , the head of the team at Carlo Ratti Associati from Turin , Italy , that developed the Cloud Cast technology , told CNN . "  If you use a system like this it allows people to use more outdoor spaces . This is very important in a city like Dubai which is so hot that people really ca n't spend much time outdoors . " Cloud Cast works by creating mobile responsive clouds that follow people as they move under a canopy . An array of responsive nebulizers is guided by sophisticated motion sensing , creating a personal climate for each person that walks under it . "  It 's something that people have been using for centuries , it 's called evaporative cooling , " Ratti said . "  People in this part of the world have been using water to freshen the air for a long time . " Dubai - with its vast shopping malls and indoor leisure centers -- is currently one of the world 's biggest consumers of power for air-conditioning . According to the International Energy Authority  IEA  , the emirate is among the largest consumers of energy per capita in the world . An estimated two-thirds of that in the summer months is burned on driving air-conditioning . Outside temperatures might reach 50 degrees Celsius ,  122 degrees Fahrenheit  but inside its public buildings the temperature can be so low that people wear jackets . At some cinemas , customers can even rent blankets . Energy consumption solely for air-conditioning is now one of the region 's looming headaches . According to Chatham House , neighboring Saudi Arabia could actually be consuming more oil than it exports in 15 years due largely to air conditioning . The UAE is experimenting with many traditional solutions to air-conditioning , including wind towers that funnel upper currents of cool air down into houses . The most elegant examples of these wind towers still stand in Dubai 's historic quarter of Al Bastakiya -- known locally as The Creek -- where Persian traders created ornate structures in the 1850s to cool and ventilate their urban mansions . Often , the towers were wrapped in wet fabric to increase their cooling ability . The towers also did more than simply cool the air -- the creation of positive pressure inside the building automatically creates a negative pressure on the outside , which means that stale and bad air inside the building is drawn away . While air-conditioning might provide immediate thermal comfort , wind towers rid buildings of the constant build-up of CO2 and reduce stuffiness . Contemporary variants of wind towers in the United Arab Emirates have achieved a temperature reductions of as much as 12 degrees in buildings . Ratti , however , says the beauty of their Cloud Cast system is that it is responsive to people . "  It can cope with as many people as you want -- whether it 's a crowd of people or whether there 's just one , there will be a misting spray , " he said . "  It 's also highly efficient because you 're not misting a whole space -- you are just cooling a small volume around the person . " The Cloud Cast is currently at the prototype stage and is debuting at the Museum of Future Government Services in Dubai this month , but Ratti believes the evaporative cooler could become popular anywhere there 's a hot climate . "  We think we 'll have some ready for commercial sale in the near future , " Ratti said . "  Hot and arid climates are perfect for evaporative cooling . " Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : Will you soon be able to ` swallow the doctor ' ? Meet the world 's first 1,000 mph car Out of juice ? Try a cardboard battery	Cloud Cast is a personal cooling system designed for very hot climates Ultrasonic sensors recognize visitors and activate hydro-valves and LEDs in proximity to the target Debuting in Dubai , the project belongs to an array of studies on temperature control infrastructures The UAE is experimenting with many traditional solutions to air-conditioning , including wind towers that funnel upper currents of cool air
CNN  For over two decades , bassist Mike Porcaro was a rock star with the band Toto , playing venues around the world . Now , the music world is mourning the death of Porcaro , who died after a battle with Lou Gehrig 's disease , also known as amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS . He was 59 . "  Our brother Mike passed away peacefully in his sleep at 12:04 AM last night at home surrounded by his family , " Porcaro 's brother Steve , the band 's keyboardist , posted on Facebook on Sunday . "  Rest in peace , my brother , " About 10 years ago , Porcaro started noticing weakness in his fingers and hands . He was diagnosed with the disease in 2006 . Former members of his band -- known for hits such as "  Africa " and "  Rosanna " -- rallied to help . They reunited for a brief European tour in 2010 in support of Porcaro . Toto vocalist and guitarist Steve Lukather also called Porcaro a brother . "  My brother Mike Porcaro is now now at peace , " he tweeted . "  I will miss him more than I could ever put into words . My deepest love to the family . God Bless " ALS is a fast-moving , usually fatal disease of the nerve cells in the brain and spinal cord . It affects more than 30,000 people at any given time .	Mike Porcaro was diagnosed with Lou Gehrig 's disease , ALS , in 2006 Members of Toto rallied to help him ALS affects nerve cells of brain and spinal cord
Israeli police clashed with Palestinians at one of the holiest sites in Judaism and Islam on Wednesday , leaving more than 15 people injured in the latest round of unrest at the compound in Jerusalem . Groups of young Palestinians threw stones and set off fireworks at Israeli police officers near one of the gates of the Temple Mount -- known by Muslims as Haram al-Sharif  the Noble Sanctuary  -- when the site was opened to visitors , police spokeswoman Luba Samri said . The Palestinians were pushed back into the site 's al-Aqsa Mosque , Samri said . In an attempt to control the violence , police closed access to the compound . Eyewitnesses among Muslim worshippers at the site gave a different version of events , saying hundreds of police officers raided the compound , throwing stun grenades into the mosque in an effort to clear a way to the area for Jewish protesters . Jordan recalled its ambassador to Israel on Wednesday in protest of "  increasing Israeli escalation " at the Noble Sanctuary , Jordan 's state news agency , Petra , reported . Jordanian Prime Minister Abdullah Ensour also instructed Jordan 's foreign affairs minister to submit a complaint to the United Nations Security Council about Israeli "  attacks " on the Noble Sanctuary , according to Petra . The Jewish protesters were attending a support rally for Rabbi Yehuda Glick , a right-wing activist who was shot and gravely wounded by a Palestinian last week . The shooting helped to ratchet up tensions in Jerusalem and prompted Israeli authorities to close the Temple Mount for one day -- a move that outraged Palestinians . Israeli police officer killed , 13 hurt in driver 's rampage Samri said the youths had gathered in the mosque overnight , amassing rocks , fireworks and Molotov cocktails with which to attack police . "  Inside the mosque they formed obstacles to hide behind , " she said . "  There were violent clashes with the police . " Police went several meters into the mosque in order to clear obstacles preventing them from closing the door , Samri said , adding that Jews and tourists were now allowed back to the site . But unrest flared again later near another gate , when police threw stun grenades and fired rubber bullets at Muslim worshippers who were chanting and praying because they were n't allowed back into the site . Paramedics from the Red Crescent at the scene told CNN that 15 people were injured , one of them with a serious injury to the eye . Samri said police officers were injured . Also in eastern Jerusalem on Wednesday , the driver of a commercial van ran over pedestrians at a rail station , killing an Israeli border police officer and injuring 13 other people , police said . Police shot and killed the attacker . No motive for the van attack was immediately released , but the Islamist movement Hamas supported it in a text message to the news media : "  Hamas blesses the action . What is happening in Jerusalem is pushing us to prepare for war . " Recent tension at the holy site The Temple Mount , or Haram al-Sharif , is the holiest site in Judaism and one of the three holiest sites in Islam . Some of the recent tension over the Temple Mount centers on Glick , who has long argued that Jews must have a place of worship on the Temple Mount . Jews now have the right to visit the site but can not pray there . The drive by Glick and others to enable Jews to pray there is a sensitive issue for Muslims , who suspect a plan to expel them from the site . Glick was shot on October 29 as he left a Jerusalem conference called "  The Jewish people return to the Temple Mount . " Glick 's assailant , Mutaz Hijazi , was shot dead by an Israeli counter-terror unit hours later . Hundreds of Palestinians attended Hijazi 's funeral . Israeli authorities reacted to Glick 's shooting by closing al-Aqsa Mosque on October 30 , then restricting its access by allowing entry only by men over 50 years of age and women , and putting thousands more police on the streets . The Palestinian Authority described the closure -- the first in 14 years -- as a "  declaration of war . " There were also harsh words from Jordan , which remains the custodian of the Muslim holy sites in Jerusalem according to its peace treaty with Israel . On Wednesday , a spokesman for the military wing of Hamas said that al-Aqsa Mosque "  is the detonator needed to ignite a volcano in the face of the cowardly and treacherous occupier . " "  We salute the heroes of the mujahideen of Hamas , " Abu Abiada said in a message posted on the military wing 's website . Place for Muslim prophet , Hebrew patriarch With its golden dome overlooking Jerusalem , the Temple Mount/Haram al-Sharif site is said to have hosted sacred events in both the Jewish and Muslim religions . Jewish tradition holds that the Temple Mount contains Mount Moriah , where Abraham , the Hebrew patriarch , is said to have nearly sacrificed his son -- under God 's orders -- before an angel intervened . Later , Israeli King Solomon constructed the first Jewish temple on the mount , including the Holy of Holies , a room that kept the Ark of the Covenant , which was said to contain the tablets on which God wrote the Ten Commandments . Muslims believe that the Prophet Mohammed was carried on a flying steed from Mecca to the Jerusalem site during his miraculous Night Journey , according to Muqtedar Khan , an expert on Islam and politics at the University of Delaware . According to Islamic tradition , the Night Journey took Mohammed to the same Jerusalem rock on which Abraham nearly sacrificed his son , where the Muslim founder led Abraham , Moses and Jesus in prayers as the last of God 's prophets . That rock is now said to sit in the Dome of the Rock , whose golden roof gleams above the Old City skyline . Since its construction in the seventh century , the Haram al-Sharif , now controlled by an Islamic trust , has been an almost constant source of tension between Muslims and Jews .	Jordan recalls ambassador to Israel to protest "  increasing Israeli escalation " Paramedics say 15 people were injured ; police say officers were hurt Police say Palestinians threw stones , set off fireworks at officers at the holy site Muslim worshipers say police threw stun grenades into al-Aqsa Mosque
CNN  -- There is a major disconnect between what the Obama administration says and what it does about bailing out countries in the European periphery . For while the administration keeps insisting that Europe has the financial wherewithal to rescue those European countries in distress , it has allowed the International Monetary Fund to bail out Greece , Ireland and Portugal on an unprecedented scale . And it has done so in a manner that puts the U.S. taxpayer on the hook in a major way . And if that were not bad enough , the administration now appears to be acquiescing to substantially bolstering the IMF 's available resources with large-scale bilateral European loans . It is doing so for potential massive IMF lending to Italy and Spain that would dwarf anything that the IMF has previously done and that would put U.S. taxpayers seriously at risk . Over the past 18 months , the IMF has lent to the European periphery on a scale that has no precedent in its 67-year history . Whereas even during the Asian and Latin American crises of the late 1990s the IMF never lent a country more than 12 times its IMF quota contribution , its recent loan commitments to Greece , Ireland and Portugal have been more of the order of 35 to 40 times those countries ' IMF quotas . In U.S. dollar terms , the IMF 's lending commitments made to those three European countries now total around $ 100 billion . Considering that the U.S. has a 17ยพ % share in the IMF , these lending commitments put the U.S. taxpayer at risk for almost $ 20 billion should those countries be unable to repay the IMF . And the IMF is making these massive commitments despite the fact that Europe has the money to bail out its own periphery and that Europe contributed nothing to help the United States resolve its housing and banking sector crisis in 2008-2009 . The Obama administration downplays the potential risk posed to the U.S. taxpayer by arguing that the IMF has preferred creditor status and that to date , it has never had a significant country defaulting on its IMF loan obligations . What the administration does not say is that the IMF 's past loan repayment experience is not particularly relevant to its current European lending programs , since its European lending is so much larger than any previous IMF country loan operation . The administration is also not leveling with the U.S. public as to how ineffectual the very large IMF financial support programs have been to date in resolving Europe 's troubled periphery 's economic problems . For while these programs have certainly succeeded in kicking the can down the road , they have done nothing to restore solvency in Greece , Ireland and Portugal . Indeed , the IMF 's recipe of hair-shirt fiscal adjustment within a euro straitjacket that precludes the use of currency devaluation to promote exports as an offset to fiscal austerity has resulted in the deepest of economic recessions in those countries . And those recessions have further compromised the periphery 's public finances and increased their public debt burdens . In assessing how serious the risk of IMF lending is to U.S. taxpayers , it is of note that the IMF 's loan commitments to Greece , Ireland and Portugal amount to as much as 10 % of those countries ' gross domestic products . Perhaps more telling is the fact that those loan commitments amount to between one-quarter and one-third of those countries ' annual tax revenue collections . The risk to the U.S. taxpayer is all the greater when one considers that the chance of an unraveling of the euro is now a distinct possibility . Were that unraveling to occur in a disorderly manner , it would have a devastating impact on the European periphery 's economic outlook and its public finances . Considering the very size of the IMF loans in relation to those countries ' tax bases , there would be a material chance that those countries would have difficulty repaying the IMF . Even more disturbing for U.S. taxpayers is the size of prospective IMF lending to Italy and Spain , ostensibly to be financed by European bilateral lending to the IMF . At the recent Cannes European summit , the European Union countries agreed that they would make bilateral loans to the IMF of the order of $ 260 billion . Those proposed loans were intended to augment the IMF 's $ 390 billion in overall available resources for potential lending to Italy and Spain . Judging by the IMF 's European bailout programs to date , if Italy and Spain did have to go to the IMF for large-scale financial support , the exposure of U.S. taxpayers to those two countries could be very large . Indeed , IMF lending commitments to Italy and Spain could be of the order of $ 750 billion and $ 450 billion , respectively . Given the U.S. 's 17ยพ % share in the IMF , the U.S. taxpayers ' exposure to Italy and Spain as a result of IMF lending could be on the order of $ 220 billion . Considering the size of the exposure that might arise from IMF lending to the European periphery , the administration owes it to the U.S. public to be up front about the potential cost to the U.S. taxpayer of such lending . At the very least , the administration should call the Europeans on their attempt to bail out the European periphery by using , in significant part , U.S. taxpayer money . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Desmond Lachman .	Desmond Lachman : IMF bailout of Greece , Ireland and Portugal puts the U.S. taxpayer at risk Potential massive IMF lending to Italy and Spain would be even more risky , Lachman says U.S. taxpayers ' exposure to Italy and Spain could be on the order of $ 220 billion , he says Lachman : Obama administration owes it to the U.S. public to be up front about the potential cost
CNN  -- Too bad the Drinking Jacket wo n't be ready in time for this New Year 's Eve . A Kickstarter campaign looking to fund the apparel made for booze aficionados was only seeking $ 50,000 , and has instead netted more than $ 450,000 . According to the Kickstarter page , the drinking jacket features a bottle opener zipper , both a hidden flask and neoprene koozie pockets , drinking mitts , and a sunglasses holder -- we presume to deal with the potential hangover  Advil not included  . There is also a pocket specifically for the ID and money needed for a night of bar hopping . The jacket is the brainchild of Zane Lamprey , executive producer and host of "  Chug , " a fan-funded television show about , you guessed it , drinking . A pledge of $ 85 or more secures the Drinking Jacket , while those needing a tall size or a big and tall will have to ante up $ 90 and $ 95 respectively . For the big spenders , a pledge of $ 1000 or more includes two jackets , two travel flasks and two tickets to both a dinner and a VIP party hosted by Lamprey . The jacket is scheduled to ship in March 2015 .	Pledges have topped $ 450,000 for the project The jacket is the brainchild of Zane Lamprey Lamprey hosts a show about drinking
CNN  -- It 's a rapidly spreading pop culture phenomenon , fueled by the Internet . Korean pop music or K-pop , is one of the most notable exports to come out of South Korea in the past decade . Korea 's content watchdogs say K-pop exports grew nearly 50 percent from 2011 to 2012 , grossing an estimated $ 290 million last year . Earlier this year , nine-member K-Pop dance group Girls ' Generation beat Justin Bieber , Miley Cyrus and Lady Gaga for "  Video of the Year " at the 2013 YouTube Music Awards in early November . The girl group is making waves as part of South Korea 's young generation of pop stars rising up through the international ranks . K-pop concerts sell out in minutes . They raise television ratings , and their branding can get teens , and even some adults to buy just about anything . But it is not without incredible amounts of training . Most idols train for years in singing , dancing , acting and learning Asian languages before they are even allowed to debut their first song . Mike Suh , head of strategy and global business at entertainment conglomerate CJ E&M , says idols go through a long training period "  so that they immediately attract fans when they first appear . " That phenomenon was on display at the 2013 Mnet Asian Music Awards  MAMA for short  in Hong Kong , organized by CJ E&M , where some of South Korea 's biggest idol groups Girls ' Generation , BIGBANG , EXO , 2NE1 and Sistar held court . Tickets for the 10,000 seats were sold out within an hour of going on sale and nearly 13 million people signed onto MAMA 's website to vote for their favorite idols . MAMA also showcased notable guests from the international music scene including Hong Kong singer/actor Aaron Kwok , Norway 's Ylvis , Sweden 's Icona Pop and American legend Stevie Wonder . Self-proclaimed K-Pop fan Paris Hilton also made an appearance . New pop One of the more unique acts to go onstage was helmet-donning girl group Crayon Pop , which took home "  Best New Female Artist " at the event . The comic act shot to fame when their music video "  Bar Bar Bar " went viral earlier this year . At a backstage interview at MAMA , the five girls bowed politely , but were extremely careful of their actions . Showing how closely monitored they are , their manager was on high alert , often signaling to them about what they should and should not say . The practice is common among many idol groups , as any slip of the tongue can immediately damage their careers . In 2012 , seven-member idol group Block B made comments in an interview about the tragic flooding in Thailand that some fans viewed as disrespectful and offensive . After a public outcry , the group issued many apologies but it was n't enough . There were reports of music stations restricting them from appearing on its programs . Many netizens reportedly demanded their disbandment ; some going as far as calling for the members to commit suicide . Former 2PM leader Jay Park also sparked public outrage after netizens found old posts on his social media site about his dislike for South Korea . The Korean-American was soon dropped from the idol group . Surveillance Every action of an idol is monitored by their agency -- even romance can be prohibited by a clause in their contract . Singer Choi Dong-wook , known by his stage name Se7en , told a Korean talk show he saw his fan club instantly drop by about 100,000 members when he announced he had a girlfriend . Scandals can also have financial consequences . After BIGBANG leader G-Dragon tested positive for marijuana use in 2011 , the group 's management company YG Entertainment reduced the size of its IPO by around 10 percent . Multicultural reach At MAMA , fans speaking Mandarin , Nepali , Tagalog and Japanese among other languages stood in the waiting areas , staring wide-eyed as the music videos of idols played over and over on the screens . The audience members knew everything about their idols -- writing down everything they said and did . It 's dedication like this that keeps the K-Pop phenomenon going , and in return , artists give back forms of "  fan service " . Newer debuts like Crayon Pop appeal to fans by physically appearing before them at so-called "  high touch " events -- more personal , face-to-face meetings that allow them to have direct interaction . "  At these events , we shake hands with fans and get their advice on what they 'd like to see , " said Crayon Pop member Cho-A . Acts also use social media as a constant window to keep fans ' attention . Crayon Pop has a YouTube channel where fans can watch videos of their everyday lives -- shot and edited by their agency . The channel currently has more than 157,000 subscribers . Disconnect Some fans , however , believe that despite these methods , the artists come off as unapproachable and distant . Fans say they want more of their idols , and they 're not getting it beyond the tightly controlled images and videos . Dorothy Advincula , an assistant editor at the Korean entertainment news site Kpopstarz , calls this K-Pop 's "  economics of scarcity , " a method agencies use to try to keep the ball in their court . "  Artist agencies make it difficult for idols to relate to their fans beyond the stage performance . So the littlest sighting , the slightest glimpse with a photo or any kind of evidence becomes a sort of trophy , " she said . Advincula points to the social media presence as a veil . "  While it 's not unique to K-Pop , the response is different because there can be a disconnect on how idols and fans actually interact ... while in mainstream , there is a certain consistency . " "  I think we 've come a point of no-return where because of these bite-sized contacts ... naturally fans get a bit greedier and demand something more . "	South Korean pop earned estimated $ 290 million last year Pop groups go through years of training before their debut They are carefully managed to avoid any hint of scandal
CNN  -- Fashion luminaries Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana were sentenced to prison in Italy Wednesday for failing to pay 40.4 million euros in taxes to the Italian government , their lawyer and a prosecutor said . "  This time it was not the case like the invoice for car repair , " prosecutor Laura Pedio said of the crime for which the fashion duo was convicted . "  This time it 's serious , complicated , sophisticated tax fraud crime . " Both men were sentenced to one year and eight months in prison and , in addition to what they owe in taxes , told to pay a fine of 500,000 euros . Their lawyer , Massimo Dinoia , vowed that the defense plans to appeal the convictions as well as the related fines and sentences . "  Dolce and Gabbana will not go to jail now or ever , " Dinoia said . Dolce & Gabbana , fashion 's golden duo Four others associated with the upscale Dolce & Gabbana brand -- including Domenico 's brother Alfonso Dolce and company tax consultant Luciano Patelli -- also face prison time , though Dinoia and Pedio did not know the length of all their sentences . While the decision was announced Wednesday morning in a Milan court , authorities did not immediately release details to the media or public . According to Pedio , investigators found that between 2004 and 2007 Dolce and Gabbana failed to tell Italian authorities about an offshoot company they 'd set up in Luxembourg , costing Italy millions of euros in taxes . "  I 'm very satisfied with the sentence , " the prosecutor said . "  It was a very elaborate  use of an offshore company  that appeared legal , but was illegal . " The fashion magnates ' defense team said this was n't a sweeping verdict . In a statement , the lawyers said the court found Dolce and Gabbana innocent "  of the accusation of having unfaithfully declared their earnings , " even as the two men were convicted on a "  taxes declaration omission . " It 's not clear how the court ruling will impact the storied Dolce & Gabbana company , if at all . The two stylists debuted their brand in an October 1985 show in Milan . Since then , they have exploded to become one of the world 's most recognizable and desired fashion companies , with an array of products and stores from Azerbaijan to Qatar to Singapore to the United States and many places in between . Fashion 's Galliano found guilty of making anti-Semitic comments Journalist Livia Borghese reported from Rome and CNN 's Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta .	NEW : Defense lawyers : They were convicted on one accusation , not all Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana are sentenced in a Milan court So , too , are four others associated with their upscale fashion company The fashion luminaries ' lawyer says their convictions will be appealed
CNN  -- How does a survivor of sexual abuse respond to students rioting at Penn State ? "  You 're not getting it . You just do n't get it , " said Dave Lorenz who was abused by a priest as a teen . "  It 's just stupid youthfulness . " Earlier this week , legendary head football coach Joe Paterno was removed in the midst of a scandal involving sexual abuse allegations against a former defensive coordinator , Jerry Sandusky . What started as an apparent celebration of Paterno turned into a riot in the Pennsylvania town of State College . The crowd tipped over a news van and decried the media in anger Wednesday night . They held signs in support of "  JoePa " -- a nickname for Paterno . Some said their frustration stemmed from the media 's focus on Paterno , rather than the charges against Sandusky . Watching footage of Penn State students rioting in the streets Wednesday night , Lorenzo shuddered , then hung his head . What bothered Lorenz is that students "  rallied around  Paterno 's  house , cheering him up . " "  The kids up there just do n't understand what this does , " he said . "  Stop thinking of the adult and start thinking of what happens to a child that goes through this . You love the adult , you may not know the kid . Start thinking of the kid and the horror they go through , because it 's hell . " Paterno has been under scrutiny because of his response to allegations brought to him in 2002 by a graduate assistant . The assistant allegedly said he witnessed Sandusky , now 67 , having sex with a young boy in a shower at the campus football complex , according to a grand jury indictment . Paterno reported the allegations to his boss and Pennsylvania 's attorney general said it appeared Paterno had met his obligations under state law . But critics said the coach should have reported the suspected abuse to police . Sandusky is accused of sexual offenses , child endangerment and "  corruption of a minor " involving eight boys . Many within the Penn State community condemned the crowd 's actions . In the campus newspaper The Daily Collegian , an editorial read : "  Wednesday night was an embarrassment for Penn State ... The way students reacted set our university two steps back . " Penn State grapples with conflict over coach 's firing , horrific allegations Earlier this week , as questions about the coach 's action mounted , students began swarming Paterno 's home . The gatherings had the tone of a pep rally . Kayla Garriott , a 22-year-old college student who was sexually abused as a child , said the open support for Paterno was disrespectful to survivors . "  That 's the first thing people look at -- that their football team is without their head coach that 's been there so many years . Nobody looks at the eight children . " The rioters are "  never going to be in those children 's shoes . It 's not about football . It 's about eight children who are never going to get back their lives back . They 're going to live with this the rest of their lives . They might not get over that . " This kind of spectacle could even make abused kids more reluctant to go to the police , she said . The Penn State scandal prompted numerous calls from sexual abuse survivors , said Barbara Dorris , the outreach director at Survivors Network of those Abused by Priests . "  I have talked to people all over the country who have dealt with their abuse , " she said . "  This is bringing it all back . It 's so upsetting . They were crying . They were angry . " The reaction of the crowd could send an unintended message to children and teenagers who 've been abused : They may feel blamed for what happened to the football team and the rioting , said Dorris , who was also abused as a child . It 's a "  horrible statement that a winning football team is more important than the safety of the children . It mirrors what happened in the  Catholic  church . " SI.com : Penn State tragedy shows danger of making coaches false idols Jerry Needel , a Penn State alum who graduated in 1999 , watched the news unfold and felt he had to do something . "  This just shook my beliefs and a big part of my identity to the core , " he said . He started a campaign to shift the attention to supporting victims of child abuse , by raising money for RAINN , which stands for Rape , Abuse and Incest National Network . In addition , some Penn State students are planning to dress in blue for their next football game to support the victims of child abuse worldwide . Jennifer Marsh , the director of the National Sexual Assault Hotline said the news story is bringing awareness and facilitating a national discussion about abuse , a topic often cloaked in secrecy . "  The biggest takeaway we 've seen is just the outpouring of support to victims and survivors . " National Sexual Assault Hotline 1-800-656-4673	Survivors of sexual abuse say they 're appalled with unrest at Penn State Some students condemned the actions by the crowd Wednesday Survivors says students are short-sighted and do n't understand abuse
CNN  -- Maybe it was the sound of the wind cutting through the wire . Perhaps he caught a small vibration with his keen eyes . Or it could have been a slight difference in the air 's smell . Whatever it was , when Sarge noticed that his Marine Corps handler , Fred Dorr , was creeping down the wrong path in the Vietnam jungle , the German shepherd did something he 'd never done out in the field : He looked at Dorr and barked , before taking a seat . "  When he sat down , I knew there was a trip wire . I was one step away from it , " remembered Dorr , who with his dog in 1969 was "  walking point , " leading the way for a dozen soldiers . Had the hidden explosive device been tripped , "  It would have gotten half of us . " More than 40 years later , the gratitude and love Dorr , 59 , feels for the dog he served with is as strong as ever . And it 's for this reason that Dorr , president of the Vietnam Dog Handler Association , drove from his Yoakum , Texas , home to be in Southern California this week . About 200 Vietnam War dog handlers , who were trained to read and communicate with their canine partners , have gathered for a reunion . And on Saturday they 'll join an expected several thousand others for the 10th anniversary rededication of the War Dog Memorial at the March Air Reserve Base in Riverside . During the Vietnam War , more than 4,000 dogs served in various positions , said Michael Lemish , a military dog historian and author of "  Forever Forward : K-9 Operations in Vietnam . " The scout dogs , such as Sarge , walked with their handlers ahead of patrols -- making them the first target for ambushes or hidden explosives . There were also sentry dogs who guarded bases , tracker dogs who followed the trail of enemies and mine and booby trap dogs who sniffed out dangers hidden beneath the ground . The Viet Cong placed a bounty on the dogs because they were so effective , Lemish said . All told , he estimated the K-9 teams averted more than 10,000 casualties . But at the end of the war , only about 200 dogs came home . The rest who had survived were either euthanized or turned over to the South Vietnamese -- left behind , a surplus of war . "  They were treated as obsolete equipment . And if you were a handler , you could n't see them that way , " said Jack Kowall , 61 , who keeps a framed picture of himself and Eric , the black lab and shepherd mix he worked with , atop his desk in Marietta , Georgia . "  When that 's your dog , that 's your dog . He sees you in danger , he 's going to respond . Unconditional love -- it 's all for you . You ca n't help but love him . " On patrols , Kowall used hand motions to speak to Eric . In turn , the animal spoke back through his movements . His ears would shoot up and turn in the direction of suspicious noise . The hair on his back would stand up if danger was close . If he wanted Kowall to stop moving , he 'd look back at him . Off-duty , Eric was playful . He liked to have his neck scratched and would roll around on the ground . The 110-pound dog would cuddle up to Kowall at night when they were out in the field , and he 'd eat out of his handler 's helmet . Whenever Kowall could , he 'd give his closest friend steak . The men who 'd walk behind the pair on missions were always different . But a scout handler and his dog were a constant , as the duo bounced between different assignments . When Jeffrey Bennett , founder and former CEO of Nature 's Recipe pet foods , first learned about the dogs who 'd served and the fate of so many of them , he set out to teach others . Based on about three years of research , he co-produced the documentary "  War Dogs : America 's Forgotten Heroes , " which first aired 11 years ago on the Discovery Channel . Donations earned through this film allowed Bennett , now president of the War Dog Memorial , to commission three monuments , sculptures featuring a German shepherd and his handler . The first one was unveiled at the March Field Air Museum in Riverside . A second was installed at Fort Benning , Georgia . The third remains in storage , Bennett said . The original goal to place it in Washington beside the Vietnam Veterans Memorial or at Arlington National Cemetery in Virginia remains an elusive dream . Dogs have long served with the U.S. military , said Lemish , who also wrote "  War Dogs : A History of Loyalty and Heroism . " During World War I , the dogs borrowed from the French and British worked as messengers and assisted the Red Cross by finding the wounded on battlefields , he said . The American K-9 corps , Lemish said , really began during World War II , when , among other tasks , thousands of dogs donated by civilians patrolled shorelines . Back then , dogs sent abroad were retrained and returned to civilian life , but that practice had changed by the time U.S. forces entered Vietnam , Lemish said . Later , galvanized by the attention earned through the documentary , Vietnam War dog handlers began to call for change . Johnny Mayo , 60 , had n't spoken to another dog handler in 30 years when he showed up in Washington for his first reunion in 2000 . But as he talked to the 250 others in attendance , he realized the power of what they shared . "  You go through the war , and you always remember the bond you have , the bond with the dog , " said Mayo , whose dog Kelly once yanked him up a bank from a rice paddy , out of the way of mortar fire . "  On that first trip to the -LSB- Vietnam Veterans Memorial -RSB- wall , it was a reunion with the spirits of our dogs . " Later , Mayo , of Lexington , South Carolina , would go on to write his own book and establish a traveling exhibit to pay tribute to the dogs who 'd served . Washington also took notice . In November 2000 , President Clinton signed into law legislation that established a military working dog adoption program . Now the dogs working in Iraq and Afghanistan will have a chance to find comfortable homes when they return from war . For Dorr , of the Vietnam Dog Handler Association , this has been a blessing . He said leaving his partner Sarge behind , all those decades ago , haunted him . "  A lot of us -LSB- handlers -RSB- suffered PTSD , " he said , referring to post-traumatic stress disorder . "  It 's like leaving your kid back there . " But he now has Bluma , the war dog he adopted from Lackland Air Force Base in San Antonio , Texas . The German shepherd , who has hip problems , looks uncannily like Sarge , he said , and having him around is a source of comfort . "  I 'm taking care of an old vet , " Dorr said , "  and he 's taking care of me . "	Several thousand people will gather Saturday at a War Dog Memorial in California Of the more than 4,000 dogs who served in Vietnam , only about 200 came home Dogs , many of them euthanized , help to avert more than 10,000 casualties , historian estimates In 2000 , the U.S. changed policy , setting up a military working dog adoption program
CNN  -- Named in 1999 as the male "  athlete of the century " by the International Association of Athletics Federations , Carl Lewis embodied the Olympic motto -- "  Citius , altius , fortius "  Faster , higher , stronger  . Lewis leaps to gold in Barcelona in 1992 . The American twice won gold in the 100 meters , the Olympic blue riband event , but he arguably achieved more in the long jump , a discipline in which he was unbeaten in all competition for a decade and won four straight Olympic gold medals between 1984 and 1996 . Lewis collected four gold medals at the 1984 Games in Los Angeles , emulating the achievement of Jessie Owens in Munich in 1936 . Born in Alabama in the 1960s to parents who were veterans of the civil rights movement , it was a comparison that made Lewis especially proud . Lewis ' 9.9-second victory in the 100 meters by eight feet was the biggest winning margin in Olympic history . Unchallenged in the long jump , Lewis jumped 8.54 meters into the wind with his first effort , fouled on his second leap , and passed on his final four jumps . He also won gold in the 200 meters and as part of the U.S. 4x100 meters relay team . Seoul showdown The 1988 Games in Seoul , South Korea , were billed as a showdown between Lewis and Canadian sprinter Ben Johnson who had won the 100 meters at the 1987 world championships in a world record 9.83 seconds . Johnson finished first in 9.79 seconds , but three days later he was sent home in disgrace after failing a doping test . Lewis , second on the track , earned another gold medal and was also awarded the world record for his time of 9.93 seconds . He also became the first athlete ever to successfully defend the 100 meters title , a feat he emulated in the long jump . By 1992 in Barcelona , at the age of 31 , Lewis ' career seemed to be on the wane . The previous year he had been beaten in the long jump at the world championships by Mike Powell , who had also broken the world record . But Lewis hit back , beating his American rival by three centimeters with a leap of 8.67 meters for his third straight title . Lewis also earned his eighth career gold by anchoring the U.S. relay team 's victory in the 4x100 meters . The 1996 Games in Atlanta should have been no more than a farewell appearance in an Olympic career that had also begun on home soil . Lewis had barely qualified for the U.S. team , finishing third in the long jump trials . Yet he somehow rose to the occasion , producing his best jump in four years to claim gold again , 12 years after he had first topped the podium , and retire undefeated in Olympic long jump competitions . It was , wrote Rick Reilly in Sports Illustrated , "  quite possibly his most impossible moment in an impossibly brilliant career . "	Olympic Record : 9 gold medals and 1 silver medal He became the first athlete ever to successfully defend the 100 meters title Athlete ; born July 1 , 1961 , in Birmingham , Alabama
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Libya 's interim leadership gave residents in Bani Walid a 48-hour notice to leave the city as it sent reinforcements there and to the former regime 's other remaining strongholds of Sirte and Sabha . As the National Transitional Council sought to assert control over all of Libya , the U.S. assistant secretary of state for Near Eastern affairs , Jeffrey Feltman , arrived Wednesday in Tripoli on an unannounced visit . Feltman met with NTC head Mustafa Abdel Jalil and Mahmoud Jibril , chairman and head of international affairs of the NTC , as well as with many civil society representatives . "  I am encouraged by these individuals and these organizations ' efforts , " Feltman said . His conversations centered on three points , he said . First , that the United States respects Libya 's sovereignty and that the country 's destiny must be chosen by its people . Also , the United States and NATO are committed to supporting the Libyan people as they chart their country 's future , and that the United States seeks to create a broad relationship with Libya based on mutual respect and shared interests . "  What an incredible accomplishment it is that we can meet and speak freely today , " he said , adding that Americans were "  inspired by  Libyans '  courage and determination . " Feltman is the highest-ranking U.S. official to visit Libya since the rebels took control of the capital . His visit was not announced beforehand because of security concerns , State Department spokesman Mark Toner told reporters in Washington . Meanwhile , al-Rai TV aired what it called a live phone call from Musa Ibrahim , a spokesman for ousted Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi . The speaker told the channel that hundreds of "  the criminals "  NTC forces  were killed at the gates of Sirte and about 250 of their fighters were killed at the gates of Bani Walid . "  We will continue to fight ... until we liberate all cities , " he said . Al-Rai , which is based in Syria , has been pro-Gadhafi . "  Do not think that the battle is over , " he said . "  We have prepared ourselves to lead a holy struggle for years if needed . " In response to the latest Amnesty International report alleging Gadhafi forces committed crimes against humanity , he said , "  Most of those international organizations have no legitimacy and they have ... pro-imperialist and pro-colonization " agendas . Earlier , al-Rai read a statement purportedly from Gadhafi that called for a halt to "  the terrorism and aggression of NATO " in the town of Sirte , Gadhafi 's birthplace . "  The terrorism and aggression of NATO in Sirte can not be described and has no other similarity in the past or in the history of wars , " the statement said . "  If Sirte is isolated from the world and this atrocity is committed against it , it is the world 's duty to not be isolated from it . Therefore , you should take international responsibility and interfere immediately to stop this crime . " Fighting was continuing . NTC Cmdr. Ahamda Almagri said his column of some 500 anti-Gadhafi fighters captured the military air base at Dirak and arrested two Gadhafi loyalists ; some 70 other loyalists fled the air base , which is the second-largest such facility in the south . Earlier , anti-Gadhafi forces said one loyalist soldier was killed and three were wounded in clashes with the same column , which was moving in the direction of Sabha in the south . As of Sunday , NTC troops were patrolling areas south of Sirte to try to cut off supplies to pro-Gadhafi forces still controlling the town . The troops were sweeping nearby areas to prevent other pro-Gadhafi towns from offering Sirte aid . Al-Rai , a privately owned station , has in recent weeks taken over for Libyan state media in filling the role of Gadhafi 's mouthpiece . The interim government was still struggling with the three Gadhafi strongholds that remained in loyalist hands . Abdulrahman Busin , an NTC spokesman , told CNN that the ultimatum for Bani Walid was issued late Tuesday and ends Thursday night . Previous deadlines were aimed at negotiating with the loyalists to give up the city . The new deadline warns civilians to evacuate before an offensive by the NTC forces . At a checkpoint about nine miles outside Bani Walid , families who had driven from the city complained of difficult conditions inside , including limited food and water . People also said they did not feel safe inside the city . Jalil has said his goal is to create "  a state of institutions , a state of law " in Libya . He was justice minister under Gadhafi before defecting to join the opposition in February . Gadhafi 's whereabouts remain unknown , although some of his relatives have fled to Algeria and Niger . On Tuesday , NATO spokesman Col. Roland Lavoie told reporters that intelligence was received "  confirming at various times in the conflict Gadhafi was clearly within the country , but for a while he has not given any sign of life . " In New York , a draft Security Council resolution circulated Wednesday that would establish a United Nations Support Mission in Libya under the leadership of a special representative of the secretary-general for an initial period of three months . It adds that the mission 's mandate would be to help Libya restore public security and order and promote the rule of law ; undertake inclusive political dialogue , promote national reconciliation and begin the constitution-making and electoral processes . It would also help extend state authority , protect human rights , support justice and take steps needed to get the nation back on its feet economically . A vote on the proposal is expected within a few days . Speaking Wednesday in Zawiya , Jalil asked Libyans to unite so that "  the martyrs ' blood will not be wasted . " "  Unite yourself to stop all the strife and jealousy and all the differences , " he said . The sacrifices that Libyans made during the revolution will be worth it ; women , for one , will have a stronger political role , he said . CNN 's Richard Roth , Kareem Khadder , Ben Wedeman , Phil Black , Raja Razek , Tracy Doueiry and Jill Dougherty contributed to this report .	NEW : Draft Security Council resolution expected to be voted on in a few days "  Do not think that the battle is over , " says man identified as Gadhafi spokesman Dirak air base taken by anti-Gadhafi fighters Gadhafi spokesman vows to fight on
Philadelphia  CNN  -- A judge has postponed the trial of a Philadelphia Catholic priest and a parochial school teacher , both accused of raping the same altar boy in separate incidents . The trial , scheduled to start Tuesday , was postponed due to a family emergency for a defense attorney . A new trial date could be set by the end of the week . The Rev. Charles Engelhardt , who was a priest at St. Jerome Parish in northeast Philadelphia , and Bernard Shero , a teacher at the parish 's school , have been charged with rape , indecent sexual assault and other criminal charges in the alleged assaults that occurred more than a decade ago . The accuser , dubbed "  Billy " in a 2011 Philadelphia grand jury report , will be the key witness against the men , both of whom have pleaded not guilty to the charges . The former altar boy , now in his 20s , testified earlier this year during the landmark trial of two Philadelphia priests charged with child sexual abuse and conspiracy . It marked the first time a Catholic church leader -- in this case , Monsignor William Lynn -- has been convicted for covering up the crimes of offending priests . Billy reported to authorities in 2009 that he was sexually abused while he was in Catholic grade school by Engelhardt , Shero and another priest , Edward Avery . A grand jury determined his allegations had merit , and the priests were subsequently charged and arrested . They were among dozens of Philadelphia priests accused of sex abuse in the grand jury report . According to the grand jury 's report , Engelhardt allegedly showed Billy pornographic magazines before having him engage in oral intercourse in the sacristy , the room inside the church where a priest prepares for Mass. . The alleged incident happened in 1998 when Billy was 10 . The following school year , Shero , the boy 's sixth-grade teacher at St. Jerome School , is accused of sodomizing the then 11-year-old , according to the grand jury report . Shero allegedly offered the boy a ride home and then stopped at a park . He told the boy they were "  going to have fun , " took off his clothes , allegedly raped the boy , then made him walk the rest of the way home , the grand jury report stated . In April , Billy testified at the trial of Lynn , the first high-ranking church figure charged with child endangerment for shuffling predator priests from parish to parish , and the Rev. James Brennan , who was accused of the attempted rape of a 14-year-old altar boy . Lynn , 61 , was found guilty in June of one count of child endangerment and later sentenced to three to six years in prison . The jury was unable to bring a verdict against Brennan , who is scheduled to be retried next year before a new judge . Avery , who had been scheduled to be on trial with Lynn and Brennan , pleaded guilty after admitting he sexually assaulted Billy when he was 10 , and was sentenced to two-and-a-half to five years . In his April testimony , Billy detailed the alleged abuse at the hands of Avery when he was in the fifth grade . He also testified that the sexual assault led to a life of substance abuse , a suicide attempt and a criminal history including drug possession . He said he did not tell anyone about the abuse until 2009 , after a group therapy session for his drug use . When asked why he did n't speak out earlier , Billy said he was "  too scared . " "  I thought that I would get into trouble and that no one would believe me , " he told jurors in April . "  I thought I did something wrong , and , he 's a priest . " Priests , particularly those in high-ranking positions , have an exceptional amount of power within the Catholic Church , especially in Philadelphia because of the church 's deep roots in the community . With nearly 1.5 million members , the Archdiocese of Philadelphia is one of the largest in the nation . A new archbishop has been installed to help turn around the scandal-plagued archdiocese . Judge dismisses sexual assault charges against Philadelphia priest Philadelphia priest abuse trial 's impact on Catholic city Two priests barred amid sexual abuse probe Jury acquits man charged with assaulting priest he accused of molesting him	NEW : The sexual abuse trial for a Philadelphia priest and a parochial teacher has been postponed The trial had been scheduled to start Tuesday Both men are accused of raping an altar boy more than a decade ago The alleged victim will be the key witness
Sao Paulo , Brazil  CNN  -- The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said on Friday it had detained shipments of orange juice and concentrate from Brazil and Canada after finding traces of the unapproved fungicide carbendazim . The agency discovered the substance in 11 shipments , six from Canada and five from Brazil . The FDA said it had detained nine of the shipments because companies behind two of the shipments withdrew their import request . The fungicide is allowed in limited quantities across Europe and Latin America , but the United States banned its use in 2009 . The levels found by the FDA are below international maximum levels . Earlier this month , the FDA temporarily halted all orange juice imports after low levels of carbandazim were found in some juice shipments from Brazil . It later declared that the juice posed no health risks , but that it would analyze all incoming shipments for even trace elements of the banned fungicide . The controversy has sent orange juice prices skyrocketing . Brazil is the world 's biggest exporter , accounting for 85 % of total global exports . The United States is its second-biggest market after Europe . The FDA has collected samples from 80 shipments of orange juice . So far , 29 have tested negative for carbendazim .	U.S. government detains orange juice sent from Brazil , Canada Agency has said products posed no health risks FDA does not allow traces of unapproved fungicide
CNN  -- After days of intense backlash from users over changes to its terms of service and privacy policy , photo-sharing service Instagram has backtracked . On Thursday , Instagram co-founder Kevin Systrom said the company was switching one section of its updated terms of service back to its original text . "  Because of the feedback we have heard from you , we are reverting this advertising section to the original version that has been in effect since we launched the service in October 2010 , " said Systrom in a post announcing the change . On Monday , the Facebook-owned app updated its terms of service to say companies could pay Instagram to use members ' images in ads without compensating the photographers . Instagram claimed the update was to allow the company to experiment with possible future advertising options , and was not part of any current plan to sell images . "  Going forward , rather than obtain permission from you to introduce possible advertising products we have not yet developed , we are going to take the time to complete our plans , and then come back to our users and explain how we would like for our advertising business to work , " Systrom said in Thursday 's post . Opinion : Instagram users should wise up It is not a complete reversal . Many of the other changes to the terms of service and privacy policy remain . The company still needs to work on ways to integrate ads into its free service , but for now it will tinker behind the scenes instead of prematurely sending users into a panic over the possibility that their likeness could show up in advertisements on the network . The old advertising section that has been reinstated still says the company can place ads on the service and that "  the manner , mode and extent of such advertising and promotions are subject to change without specific notice to you , " leaving the company with some wiggle room for future changes . This announcement comes two days after another mea culpa post by Systrom , in which he apologized for the confusion and reassured Instagram users that they still owned their images and that the company was hearing the feedback loud and clear . The severity of users ' reactions to the change seemed to catch Instagram off guard , though the cycle of a policy change announcement followed by user backlash and then an apology is familiar territory for its parent company , Facebook .	Instagram has reverted part of its terms of service in response to user backlash Company will revert the advertizing language back to what it was in October 2010 Other changes to the privacy policy and terms of service will go into effect in mid-January
