CNN  -- Texas authorities are urging residents not to cross into the Mexican border city of Nuevo Laredo during the Fourth of July weekend because of intelligence that a Mexican drug cartel plans to target U.S. citizens . The violent Zetas drug cartel , which operates in Nuevo Laredo , will be targeting crimes at Americans who cross the border into the city this weekend , the Texas Department of Public Safety and Webb County Sheriff 's Office said Saturday . "  According to the information we have received , the Zetas are planning a possible surge in criminal activity , such as robberies , extortions , car-jackings and vehicle theft , specifically against U.S. citizens , " DPS Director Steven McCraw said in a statement . "  We urge U.S. citizens to avoid travel to Nuevo Laredo this weekend if it can be avoided . " Nuevo Laredo is across the border from Laredo , Texas , a city which bills itself as the "  Gateway to Mexico . " Four international bridges link Texas and Mexico at Laredo . An average of 11,000 trucks cross the border daily on those bridges . Besides , commerce , the bridges between Laredo and Nuevo Laredo also connect families who have relatives on both sides of the border . Nuevo Laredo , like most Mexican border cities , offers rows of bars , inexpensive dentists , restaurants and cultural events to draw tourists . But tourism has sharply declined in the past six years as drug cartel violence has spiraled in Mexico . Because of the various bridges into the United States and access to a major highway , Nuevo Laredo has been a turf contested by rival drug cartels . The Zetas are known for having expanded their activities in the area from drug trafficking to exortion , kidnapping and human smuggling . While the officials put out a warning for travel to Nuevo Laredo , they said there is no indication that this cartel criminal spree will crossover into the United States . Officials in Nuevo Laredo said they were not familiar with the Texas warning . "  We are on alert as usual , because that is how we must be in Nuevo Laredo , but there is no special alert here with regards to what the U.S. authorities in Texas are saying , " said Michelle Jones-Salazar , spokeswoman for the state 's public prosecutor 's office in Nuevo Laredo . "  This week , there has not been a single gun battle that we have had to respond to or a single dead body . The city continues as usual and we remain vigilant . " CNN 's Mariano Castillo and Nick Valencia contributed to this report .	NEW : Mexico officials say they are not on heightened alert Tourism to Nuevo Laredo has been on the decline because of violence The Zetas drug cartel is planning to target U.S. citizens , officials say Nuevo Laredo , Mexico is across the border from Laredo , Texas
CNN  -- A tap water ban affecting hundreds of thousands of people in Ohio was lifted Monday after tests in affected neighborhoods returned "  nondetectable " levels of a algae-related toxin , Toledo Mayor D. Michael Collins said . "  Our water is safe , " Collins said . "  The families can return to normal life . " Residents and businesses that did not use their water at all -- not even for showering or washing hands , both of which were allowed under the ban -- will need to run their water first to help flush their systems , Collins said , but "  if you 've been using water all along , just go on with life . " Collins said the city would provide details later Monday about flushing systems . Residents of Ohio 's fourth-largest city were told to avoid using their tap water all weekend after the state and federal Environmental Protection Agency showed high toxin levels in the East Toledo and Point Place neighborhoods , Collins said earlier Monday . Instead of isolating the two neighborhoods , Collins kept the ban on drinking or using tap water in the entire city until additional retests were completed . He declined to provide specifics on the names of neighborhoods in question and how high the toxin levels were . As many as 400,000 people were told not to consume , cook with or boil the tap water after a toxin called microcystin was found Friday in the water supply . Toledo 's drinking water comes from Lake Erie , where a harmful algae bloom that causes microcystin has been growing . The city set up distribution centers for potable water , where members of the Ohio National Guard , fire officials and other first responders were giving out safe water . About 350 Ohio National Guardsmen were activated by Ohio Gov. John Kasich , according to a U.S. Defense Department official , adding that they set up three reverse osmosis water purification unit sites at two high schools and a police facility . The guardsmen also delivered ready-to-eat meals , the official said . Lining up for water About two-thirds of the Toledo area was affected by the water warning . Kasich issued a state of emergency for Fulton , Lucas and Wood counties . The potential contamination also affected four municipalities in Michigan , CNN affiliate WXYZ-TV in Detroit reported . There were no reports of anyone getting sick from the water , officials said . When certain conditions are present , such as high nutrient or light levels , algae can reproduce rapidly , forming a dense population known as a "  bloom , " according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . Testing was crucial because NOAA says it ca n't determine just from images whether blooms are toxic . Ingestion of the toxin can affect the liver and cause nausea , diarrhea , vomiting and acute liver failure , according to NOAA . But the Ohio Emergency Management Agency said it was safe for adults to shower and for everyone to wash their hands . CNN 's Eliott C. McLaughlin , David Shortell , Ryan Sloane , Barbara Starr , Marisa Marcellino , Donovan Long and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	NEW : "  The families can return to normal life , " Toledo mayor says of water ban Tests showed high levels of toxins in two Toledo neighborhoods Microcystin , a toxin caused by algae blooms , found in the water system
Johannesburg  CNN  -- When Joseph Macia watched a video of his son 's fatal dragging , a piece of his heart died with him . Shaky but clear , it showed his son talking animatedly with police officers . He was then handcuffed to the back of a police van , writhing and kicking as it drove away slowly . The crowd yelled as the vehicle accelerated , dragging his lower body on the road as it sped away . Opinion : Why brutality is ingrained in psyche of South Africa Taxi driver Mido Macia died a few hours later of head injuries suffered during the incident in Daveyton , near Johannesburg "  I was shocked when I heard what happened and saw the video , " the anguished father said Friday . "  What the cops did was not justice , it was a crime . The cops need to be taught a lesson . " The video was captured by cell phone late last month , sparking outrage in a nation that has seen a series of police brutality incidents recently . Nine South African officers appeared in court in Benoni on Friday to face murder charges in the incident . Shock , questions The video shocked the world for its brazen cruelty . In it , Macia is seen in a red T-shirt and white sneakers , handcuffed to the back of a police van , which then pulled away . Officers and bystanders ran alongside the vehicle . Macia , a Mozambican , died February 26 in police custody , hours after the incident , officials said . His body will be transported to the Mozambique capital of Maputo for a funeral Saturday . It is unclear what led to the altercation . ` Horrific and unacceptable ' Outraged officials vowed justice will be served . "  South African police service are required to operate within the confines of the law in executing their duties , " President Jacob Zuma said . "  The visuals of the incident are horrific , disturbing and unacceptable . No human being should be treated in that manner . " Tough action will be taken against those involved , the nation 's acting police minister said , calling for a speedy independent investigation . It was unclear how many other officers are involved in the incident . The commander of the local police station was also suspended pending an investigation , the South African Police Service said . A harsh reminder "  We are shocked by this incident , " said Moses Dlamini , a spokesman for the Police Investigative Directorate , an independent government agency that looks into possible crimes by police . The incident was a harsh reminder of police brutality rampant in the nation . The directorate received 720 new cases for investigation of suspicious deaths in custody or in other policing contexts between April 2011 and March 2012 , Amnesty said . "  This appalling incident involving excessive force is the latest in an increasingly disturbing pattern of brutal police conduct in South Africa , " said Noel Kututwa , Amnesty International 's southern Africa director . In defense of the police force But authorities defended officers , saying they are not a reflection of the entire nation 's force . "  There are many other officers who are dedicated , who uphold the law and arrest criminals all the time , " Dlamini said . Under apartheid rule in South Africa , white police officers subjected the nation 's black majority to inhumane treatment . But in this case , the man and police in the video , as well as those in the crowd , are black . Apartheid rule ended in the 1990s , and the government reformed the police departments and made them more diverse . A series of scandals Despite the changes , the nation grapples with a high crime rate , including rapes , armed robberies and police brutality , analysts say . South Africa 's history of violence "  is part and parcel of daily life , " said Johan Burger , a senior researcher with the Institute for Security Studies in Pretoria . Some police officers believe that they "  are above the law " and that there wo n't be consequences for their actions , he said . South Africa 's police force has been plagued by a series of scandals recently . In August , officers opened fire on striking platinum miners in Marikana , killing 34 in one of the most deadly police shootings since the end of apartheid . Last month , one of its officers -- Hilton Botha -- was booted from a high-profile murder case after prosecutors reinstated attempted murder charges against him . He is accused of chasing and firing on a minibus full of people while drunk in 2011 . He is charged with seven counts of attempted murder . Botha was testifying in the trial of Paralympic star Oscar Pistorius , who is charged with killing his girlfriend on Valentine 's Day . He later resigned from the force , citing personal reasons . CNN 's Errol Barnett contributed from South Africa and Faith Karimi from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report	NEW : Nine police officers are facing murder charges "  What the cops did was not justice , it was a crime , " victim 's father says The video was captured by cell phone in Daveyton , near Johannesburg The victim , a Mozambican taxi driver , died in police custody hours after the incident
LONDON , England  CNN  -- As the lights went down in the theater the low murmur built to a thunderous ovation as the odd-looking man in the crumpled suit and bowler hat took to the stage . Tom Waits in Paris on the European leg of his tour . The excitement that greeted the eccentric American singer songwriter Tom Waits ' appearance in Edinburgh last month may come as a surprise to the many , who have never heard of him . The 58-year-old has stayed for most of his four-decade career on the edge of the music mainstream . This is despite a showering of critical acclaim and a host of high-profile fans including the movie star Scarlett Johansson , who recently recorded an album of Waits covers . Waits ' position on the periphery of pop music  he admits that the 60s scene largely passed him by  , may be because he belongs to a bigger historical tradition -- that of the singer-storyteller that has its origin in folk music . His music comes from a different place from most artists . A laconic , bar room philosopher with a wry sense of humor , Waits is an avowed fan of the Beat generation writer Jack Kerouac and the author and poet Charles Bukowski . Many of his songs are stories containing a cast of characters from America 's underbelly : the drunks and disenfranchised , the lost souls hiding out from life in seedy night spots . It is the same world that Kerouac chronicled in his writings , including his most famous work "  On the Road , " which describes a journey across America in the late fifties . Waits , who is notoriously interview-shy , acknowledged his debt to the author in a promotional interview to accompany the release of his 1974 album "  The Heart of Saturday Night . " He said the record was a search for the "  center of Saturday night , " a quest he said that Kerouac himself had "  relentlessly chased from one end of this country to the other , and I 've attempted to scoop up a few diamonds of this magic that I see . " Waits ' place in the folk tradition is something he has acknowledged , consciously or otherwise , in his music . In 1990 , he wrote the music and lyrics for "  The Black Rider : The Casting of the Magic Bullets , " a theatrical collaboration with the American writer William Burroughs based on a German folktale . Like all great writers , Waits is a conscientious observer of people and their strange foibles . Born in Pomona , CA . he moved to Los Angeles in the late sixties to pursue his music career , finding work as a doorman at an LA nightspot . It was at this time that he honed his skills as a storyteller , eavesdropping on the lives of others . "  I was picking up people 's conversations in all-night coffee shops - ambulance drivers , cabdrivers , street sweepers , " he said in an interview with The New Yorker . "  I did research there as an evening curator , and I started writing gingerly . I thought at some point I 'd like to forge it all into something meaningful , and give it dignity . " The results of this labor are songs like "  Frank 's Wild Years , " a hilarious and sinister tale of a man -- Frank -- trapped in suburbia with a wife and pet dog that has a skin disease . The song is spoken in a lounge room style over a soft jazz accompaniment , and like much of Waits ' work it drips irony : "  They had a thoroughly modern kitchen / Self-cleaning oven  the whole bit  / Frank drove a little sedan / They were so happy . " In a 1983 promotional interview published by his then record company Island , Waits credits a short story by Bukowski with giving him some of the inspiration for the song . "  Bukowski had a story that essentially was saying that it 's the little things that drive men mad , " Waits said . "  It 's not World War II . It 's the broken shoe lace when there is no time left that sends men completely out of their minds . "  I think there is a little bit of Frank in everybody . " In the song , Frank eventually runs amok , setting fire to the family home and blazing a trail up the Hollywood freeway because , as Waits quips in the pay-off "  he never could stand that dog . " This taste for the absurd carried into his recent live show with the set for the "  Glitter and Doom " tour decked in a bizarre array of old speaker cones . Waits took to the stage dressed in a Chaplinesque suit , delivering his set from a slightly raised platform that gave up a cloud of dust each time he bashed his feet into it . In spite of the entreaties from the crowd he kept quiet between songs at first . Eventually after a few numbers he broke his silence . "  This is a lopsided love song , " he rasped , introducing the next track . "  By that I mean the person doing it is lopsided , not the song itself . " Lopsided or not , it 's an authentic voice we could surely do with hearing more from .	Singer songwriter Tom Waits has won critical acclaim for his music His strange tales of the seedy side of America have attracted a cult following The actress Scarlett Johansson is a fan and recorded a recent tribute album Waits counts U.S. writers Jack Kerouac and Charles Bukowski as influences
New York  CNN  -- A man in his 60s attempted an armed robbery in New York City and fled to Maryland , where he allegedly robbed two hotels at gunpoint , led police on a short chase and died when his car left the road and crashed , authorities said Friday . The man was identified as a 63-year-old career criminal named Arthur Williams , CNN affiliate WABC reported . New York police said Williams tried to rob Sarar , an upscale clothing store on Madison Avenue in Midtown Manhattan , Saturday evening while carrying a cane and wearing a nasal tube connected to an oxygen tank . The suspect fired three shots before fleeing the scene , police said . Early Sunday morning , Maryland State Police were alerted to an armed robbery in Hancock , Maryland , and a second about an hour later in Clear Spring , Maryland . A state trooper on DUI patrol was following a suspected drunken driver when dispatchers broadcast a description of the vehicle driven by the suspected robber . The description matched the vehicle he was following , so he attempted to pull the driver over . The chase lasted about 2 1/2 miles and reached a top speed of 120 mph , police said , ending when Williams 's car went off the road and hit several fixed objects and a parked car . He was pronounced dead at the scene . The New York incident was recorded by a store surveillance camera , according to an advisory issued earlier Friday by the New York Police Department , which was seeking the public 's assistance in the hunt for the would-be robber . Williams initially appeared to be shopping for clothing after entering the store , according to police . Sol Tezcan , the store manager said the man did not rouse suspicion and calmly asked for a pair of pants to match his jacket . Tezcan said that when he turned around looking for pants , the man pulled a gun from his waistband and demanded money from a nearby customer . The gunman fired one shot , missing the customer , who was fleeing the store . Tezcan said Williams then turned the gun on him , asking , "  You want one ? " He fired two shots in Tezcan 's direction as he ran toward the back of the store , the manager said . "  I was not nervous , " Tezcan said . "  It happened in three seconds . " Williams fled the scene in a black Cadillac CTS with Alabama license plates , the same car Maryland state police later encountered , according to police . CNN 's Chris Kokenes contributed to this report .	NEW : Armed robbery failed in upscale New York clothing store NEW : Alleged robber fled south , robbing two hotels in Maryland NEW : Suspected drunken driver turned out to be NYC robbery suspect NEW : Fatal chase lasted 2 1/2 miles , reaching speeds of 120 mph
CNN  -- As the head of world soccer , Sepp Blatter has been trying hard to address the problem of racism in football since infamously telling CNN in 2011 that instances of it on the pitch could with solved "  with a handshake . " Now , however , he is facing calls to quit as FIFA president following comments on Friday which have led to accusations that he has gone soft on fighting the issue . "  Sepp Blatter is erratic , his behavior is erratic , his declarations are erratic . He should just quit . It 's completely unacceptable , what he said , " Valeriu Nicolae of the Football Against Racism in Europe  FARE  group told CNN Friday . After supporting Kevin-Prince Boateng , who walked off in protest after being racially abused during a friendly match in January , Blatter last month invited the AC Milan player to join the ruling body 's new anti-racism taskforce . But the 77-year-old appeared to have taken a big step backwards with his comments on Friday , casting doubt on his previous statements that offending clubs should face points deductions or even be relegated . "  Can we bring an end to violence or racism by docking points or relegating a team ? Or would such measures lead people to come to games to get the match abandoned , " Blatter said in a speech at a meeting of the company Early Warning System , with which FIFA works in its fight against match-fixing . "  We should do all we can but there 's a risk that if we have matches replayed or if we punish clubs on the sporting front , it will open the door to hooligan groups who will come to deliberately cause trouble . " FIFA confirmed to CNN that the quotes were correct , but insisted that Blatter had not reversed his position on punishments for racism -- and that the comments merely raised the challenges faced in implementing such penalties . "  Today he reiterated the need for punishment that hits hard against any form of racism , " a spokesperson from FIFA 's media department said . "  He underlined that fines achieve little , but points deductions and exclusion from competitions would be effective measures . He also stressed that prevention must go hand in hand with punishment . "  He acknowledged that the implementation of these sanctions might pose some challenges , such as a potential risk that the system could be abused by some spectators for the only purpose of getting a very unfair advantage for their team . "  Such issues will be carefully examined and will in no way alter the FIFA President 's very strong commitment towards the eradication of the racism scourge from football and his zero tolerance towards any form of racism . " Nicolae 's call for Blatter to resign -- and thus end a reign that began in 1998 -- was supported by others on online social media . "  Sepp Blatter just gave every racist in football a licence to abuse . Even by his standards this is utterly outrageous , " CNN 's Piers Morgan wrote on Twitter , adding to the #Blatterout hashtag . Nicolae said Blatter is out of touch with the realities of the game . "  Maybe it would be good for Sepp Blatter to spend some time outside of fancy meetings , " he said . "  He would understand a lot more if he would come and see a game , see what is happening during the games and see what happens when you take the right measures . "  What he said  makes absolutely no sense and goes against all our experience . " FARE works closely with European soccer 's ruling body UEFA , monitoring crowds at matches and reporting any racist behavior that its staff witness . UEFA has been criticized for what is seen as relatively light punishments for racist offenses , but has come down harder on offending clubs this season . Italy 's Lazio has been punished on four occasions due to misbehavior by its fans . "  I have great confidence in UEFA , " Nicolae said . "  UEFA proved time and time again that they know what to do and they did the right thing . With FIFA I do n't have that . Blatter is erratic and I think it 's time for him to resign . " On Friday , the Greek football federation banned Giorgos Katidis for five club matches and fined the AEK Athens midfielder 1,000 euros  $ 1,300  following his Nazi-style goal celebration last month . The ban is largely symbolic as the 20-year-old had already been suspended for the rest of this season by his club , and the federation had earlier banned him for life from representing his country . Also on Friday , FIFA confirmed that Brazil will not be completely ready to host June 's Confederations Cup -- a precursor event to next year 's World Cup in the South American country . "  It will be a fantastic tournament -- but not all operational arrangements will be 100 % " secretary general Jerome Valcke wrote in his monthly column on the FIFA website , on the same day of the inauguration of the third of the tournament 's six host stadiums at the Arena Fonte Nova in Salvador . He said work on venues in Recife , Brasilia and Rio de Janeiro  the redeveloped Maracana stadium  is due to be completed by the end of this month . There will be 12 grounds used at the 32-team World Cup , which will host 64 matches -- four times that of the eight-nation Confederations Cup . "  It is impossible to expect this to happen in the shortened preparation time -- in most cases , less than two months instead of the scheduled six -- due to the compromises we made with the cities , " Valcke said . "  I want to reiterate : this will be impossible to repeat for the FIFA World Cup , and has been acknowledged by the federal government and LOC . The deadline for the FIFA World Cup stadiums delivery stands firm as December 2013 . There will be no compromise . "	Sepp Blatter causes angry response after remarks made during a speech FIFA president 's comments cast doubt on his intent to crack down on racism Anti-racism campaigner says that Blatter should resign from his long-held role FIFA insists that Blatter 's comments do not contradict his past statements
CNN  -- A Seattle-area judge ordered Jack Daniel McCullough to be held Saturday pending a bail hearing after he was arrested by authorities in connection with the 1957 kidnapping and murder of an Illinois girl . McCullough , 71 , was living under an assumed name at a retirement community in Washington . He did not appear in court Saturday , as was expected . The judge said he had been taken to an area medical center , but provided no other details about his condition . The judge scheduled a bail hearing for Monday . McCullough is expected to face extradition proceedings . Seattle authorities arrested McCullough , who also used the name John Tessier , on murder charges filed in DeKalb County , Illinois , DeKalb County State 's Attorney Clay Campbell said in a news release on Friday . Maria Ridulph , 7 , disappeared while playing near her home in the town of Sycamore , west of Chicago . Her story captured national headlines and the attention of President Dwight D. Eisenhower and FBI Director J. Edgar Hoover , according to news accounts published at the time . Federal agents joined local and state law enforcement authorities as well as the community in the search for the girl , whose remains were found four months later by a couple walking in the woods , the news reports said . McCullough was a suspect at the time of the girl 's disappearance , but the case ran cold after he changed his name and joined the military , Campbell said . The suspect 's neighbors and a former colleague in Washington say they can not reconcile the man charged with murder as the man they knew as John Tessier . After serving in the military , McCullough worked at the Lacey Police Department as an officer in the 1970s , said Ed Sorger , the chief of police at Evergreen State College . Sorger and McCullough , known to him as Tessier , worked together at the police department . "  I was very surprised upon hearing this . It simply did n't fit , " Sorger told CNN affiliate KING-TV in Seattle . Sorger was surprised that a background check did n't turn up something on McCullough . "  We all went through that process , " he said . At the time of his arrest , McCullough was living with his wife in a Seattle retirement community , a neighbor says . "  They were always with their grandchildren , " Toni Glenn told the affiliate . McCullough is currently being held in the King County jail in Washington on a $ 3 million arrest warrant , Campbell said . "  This crime has haunted Sycamore for half a century , " he said . "  We hope that the family of Maria Ridulph and this community can find some solace and closure with this arrest . " CNN 's Anna Rhett Miller , Julie In and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : A judge orders Jack Daniel McCullough to be held pending a bail hearing NEW : Suspect taken to an area medical center , judge says McCullough was a suspect at the time of the Illinois girl 's disappearance in 1957 Authorities : Case went cold after he changed his name and joined the military
CNN  The next time you fly to see Grandma in Florida , look down . The next time you take the kids on a pilgrimage to see the talking mouse or head down to South Beach for some sun/sin , get a window seat and spend the moments before landing contemplating the seemingly endless swamp below . Because there are few places that represent the folly of man -- and the cost of redemption -- like the Everglades . On approach into Miami or Orlando , it just looks like squishy wasteland full of things that want to hurt you : snakes and scorpions , rats and roaches , gators and mosquitoes .  A researcher once caught 365,000 bloodthirsty bugs in a single trap in a single night . As you drive along the Tamiami Trail , it just looks like endless sawgrass , the kind that feels like walking through broken glass . "  Too wet to farm , too dry to sail , too unpredictable to settle , " as Michael Grunwald put it in his definitive history , "  The Swamp . " And so , a century ago , some American dreamers decided to drain the swamp . They decided to conquer that uninhabitable frontier known as Florida . And long before air conditioning , bug spray and Social Security helped seal that vision , the Army Corps of Engineers blasted and dug 2,000 miles of dams and dikes , ditches and pipes . They did a hell of a job . A watershed built for 2 million people now supports nearly 8 million , and another 50 million tourists each year . But what they did n't know is that without this swamp , there can be no "  good life " in Florida . There can be no life . After a century of development , half the Everglades is dead and the other half is on life support . This is a problem , not just for the gators and snakes . It is a problem for the eagles , panthers , snails , dolphins , hawks , manatees , flamingos , vase sponges , black bears and ghost orchids that make up the most unique , diverse wetlands in the world . And most of all , it is a problem for people . Because most of the drinking water in South Florida comes from the aquifers beneath the Everglades . This 2 million-acre river of grass is not only the best form of hurricane protection , it also supports the multibillion-dollar fishing , shrimping and crabbing industries around the Florida Keys . What was once a slow-moving river of gin-clear water became so sluggish and toxic in the 1990s that most of the life in Florida Bay was wiped out -- and America woke up . Fifteen years after then-Gov . Jeb Bush smiled as Bill Clinton signed the most ambitious wildlife reclamation plan in history , the same Army Corps of Engineers that was ordered to rip the Everglades apart is now under orders to help it heal , to the tune of $ 13 billion as part of a larger congressional restoration plan . That story hook is what drew me here for the final episode of our first season of "  The Wonder List . " To be honest , as a veteran of a few ho-hum airboat rides , I came with really low expectations . But this place , more than any other this season , surprised me with sublime beauty , great stories and a sense of real urgency as good people try to right the wrongs of the past . Nowhere else is the border between bustling civilization and untamed wilderness so narrow , which is why conservationists like to say that the Everglades is a test . If we pass , we might just get to keep the planet .	The Everglades were drained a century ago and are now being restored "  The Wonder List " season finale takes places in the Everglades
CNN  It 's no surprise which image is making the headlines from this week 's gathering of leaders from nearly three dozen nations in Panama : A historic handshake between President Barack Obama and Cuban President Raul Castro . But this first meeting of Obama and Castro since they announced plans to start normalizing diplomatic ties should not be the end of the summit story . Or at least Obama is hoping it wo n't be . After all , the President has had some unhappy experiences at hemispheric summits , where the headlines have often focused on some less than flattering moments . The reality is that the United States has been losing ground in this increasingly important region , and Obama needs to put on a strong performance in Panama at the Summit of the Americas if the U.S. is to have a chance of improving ties with neighbors who should be best friends , but who have drifted away as America has been focused on challenges at home and instability in the Middle East . Unfortunately , America has lost influence in Latin America to a hyperactive China , a cunning Russia and a troubling Iran , all of which have made inroads in the region at Washington 's expense . This gathering therefore offers a chance for the U.S. to reverse the tide and build on the potential offered by a natural alliance strengthened by millions of people with Latin American and Caribbean blood who make their homes in the United States . The foundations for a strong hemispheric bloc are there . But they need attention , and the Panama meeting offers a good opportunity to start building . But first : Do no harm . Large diplomatic gatherings are minutely orchestrated events , and the U.S. , with its vast experience in preparing for high-level multilateral meetings , knows the importance of dotting the I 's and crossing the T 's . But this has n't stopped recent summits descending into diplomatic and PR disasters for the U.S. Just look at the last summit , held in Cartagena , Colombia , which stayed in the news much longer than anyone expected after Secret Service agents embarrassed the United States by hiring prostitutes and bringing them to their hotel rooms , in violation of basic security protocols . They were reportedly caught after one of the women accused an agent of refusing to pay an agreed fee . As a result of all this , the Americans looked dumb , incompetent -- and cheap . And back in 2009 , the President -- new on the job -- was caught flat footed by a fast-talking , fiery anti-American president of Venezuela . The late Hugo Chavez outplayed the leader of the free world , who had just taken office and was trying to show America 's new "  outstretched hand " toward the foe of the George W. Bush era . The summit hit a depressing low for the Obama administration when Chavez walked up to Obama and , as the cameras clicked , handed the American President a copy of the book "  Open Veins of Latin America , " which blames the region 's woes on the U.S. and Europe . Yet the problems in Cartagena were n't just symbolic . Regional leaders lined up against Washington , which had refused to include Cuba in the summit , and vowed they would not hold any more of the gatherings unless Havana was also invited . America was cornered . All this stands in contrast to the optimism of the early Clinton years , when the President issued an invitation to "  democratically elected " heads of state of Latin America , which was then breaking the chains of military dictatorship . Back then , the U.S. had just led the creation of the North American Free Trade Agreement  NAFTA  and actually seemed to stand for something attractive to the region , namely democracy , free trade and economic growth . That 's what it should aim for every time : articulating a clear vision and rallying neighbors behind it . Can Obama manage something similar this time ? True , the President has come armed with his new Cuba policy . Unfortunately , in an effort to placate critics who say Obama is not doing more for pro-democracy activists , the White House has miscalculated with Venezuela , handing the repressive regime of Chavez 's successor , Nicolas Maduro , a stick with which to beat the U.S. Obama has long and rightly ignored Maduro 's claims that the U.S. planned to overthrow him . But a modest plan to impose sanctions has suddenly handed Maduro -- who has presided over an economic catastrophe in his country -- a way to portray himself a victim of the U.S. , something he will no doubt play that up in Panama . All this risks again reviving memories of past tensions with Latin Americans who already have complicated feelings toward the U.S. over its Cold War support for unseemly right-wing dictators , a policy it claimed to pursue in the name of preventing Soviet-backed communism from taking hold . But those days are behind us . Today , the people want prosperity , they want democracy , and they want the rule of law -- all of which leave a potential opening for the United States . Too many national leaders are eroding democratic norms : Opposition leaders are in prison in Venezuela ; a prosecutor who criticized the President was found dead in Argentina ; press freedom is under siege in several countries ; and corruption is reaching new highs . All of this suggests that if Obama plays his cards right , he will have the opportunity to explain to the people of Latin America that their goals are also America 's goals ; that like them , he supports democracy , human rights , the rule of law , full freedom of expression and free elections in every country . The fact that he met with Cuban dissidents was welcome , and sends a message that he is not neglecting other issues such as human rights as he recasts relations with Cuba . For the millions in Latin America that still live in poverty , these freedoms can seem like a distant luxury . But if Obama can show them that the United States is a true partner in efforts to improve their lives , then he will leave a longer-lasting legacy in the region than just a handshake .	President Barack Obama is attending the Summit of the Americas Frida Ghitis says he must work to improve ties with region
CNN  -- Tony Stark may have started out as a Batman knockoff -- like Bruce Wayne he 's a playboy entrepreneur , a mega-rich industrialist who inherited the good life before channeling his anger into homeland security -- but there 's no doubt that in the movies Robert Downey Jr. has put clear blue water between Tony and Christian Bale 's grim , angst-y Batman . Flashy and frivolous , an exhibitionist who likes the glare of public attention , he 's a light knight with a thick skin . Traditionally , protagonists are punished for their hubris , and the first "  Iron Man " movie went through those motions . But Downey enjoys Stark 's arrogance too much to eat humble pie . He 's always resisted the idea of playing the repentant . Stark may have developed a conscience after his run-in with the Taliban in the first movie , and even turned monogamous for Pepper  Gwyneth Paltrow  , but he 's still a flip , cynical hedonist at heart . So what are we to make of the anxiety attacks that cripple Mr. Stark in Shane Black 's "  Iron Man 3 " ? Apparently he 's freaked out after his mind-blowing experiences with "  The Avengers " last summer  though no one else seems concerned that Norse gods are at large in the cosmos , and when the going gets tough you do wonder why he does n't pick up the phone and ask his new buddies for help -- not the only plot hole by any means  . Black , who wrote "  Lethal Weapon " way back when and more recently helped restore Downey 's career with "  Kiss Kiss Bang Bang , " may have hoped that a sliver of self-doubt would crack open Iron Man 's emotional armor and restore the human face behind the mask , but Downey shows no interest in introspection . Black systematically strips Tony of almost everything he has -- gadgets , gizmos , his strongest suit -- but the actor merely shrugs it off . There 's a lot of faulty wiring this time round , technology that seems as flawed as its inventor , but if his problems are largely of his own making Tony remains supremely unfazed , always primed with a quip and a smirk . Downey may as well be playing "  Irony Man . " Stark 's arrogance and narcissism come back to haunt him in the form of spurned entrepreneur Aldrich Killian  Guy Pearce  and a larger-than-life terror-monger by the name of "  The Mandarin "  Ben Kingsley  . A cross between Osama bin Laden and Fu Manchu -- but with the rumbling , tumbling vocal stylings of a Southern Baptist evangelist , The Mandarin brings out the best in Kingsley , who has n't had a role as juicy as this one for donkey 's years . Mandarin is a worthy nemesis , an extravagant showman like Tony who can hack into broadcast feeds at will , and claims credit for a string of bombings across the U.S. . When Hap  Jon Favreau  is caught in one blast , Tony takes it as a personal affront -- and impetuously calls fire down on his own head . There 's an off-the-cuff quality to the storytelling here -- the movie rewrites its own laws of physics whenever it 's convenient to do so -- which by rights should be a bigger problem than it is . But Black and/or co-writer Drew Pearce know how to write snappy dialogue . Even if they do n't mean a thing , their scenes have plenty of zing . They also have an ace up their sleeve , a trump card that puts a giddy spin on the third act at just that point where both the previous movies began to run out of stream . To say more would be to spoil the fun . "  Iron Man 3 " has plenty to offer on that score . It 's a confidently tongue-in-cheek piece of blockbuster engineering , sweetly calibrated to Downey 's cavalier appeal and to Kingsley 's oddball interjections , a battle royale of rampant egos in which acting speaks louder than words .	In the new film Iron Man is pitted against The Mandarin Stark 's arrogance and narcissism come back to haunt him The love story continues between Pepper Potts and Tony Stark
CNN  -- Ultimately , it 's about power . When Ukrainian President Viktor Yanukovich suspended an agreement with the European Union  EU  on November 21 , his personal considerations would certainly have been a driving factor . Signing the agreement would not only have brought Ukraine much closer to its Western neighbors . It would also have made its political sphere more democratic and competitive and its economy more transparent -- outcomes that would have been unlikely to fit with Yanukovich 's personal interests . Read more : Russia calls for stability and order What the EU did in the past with its enlargement policy , and what it is trying now to replicate with its "  Eastern Partnership " , is to use its economic power as a tool to push neighboring countries towards liberal democracy . The more these countries -- among them Ukraine , Moldova , and Georgia -- move towards rule of law , democracy and a market economy , the more access they have to the EU market , and the easier it is for their people to travel and work in the EU . But the project to transform Ukraine 's political and economic structures is unlikely to please Yanukovich . Allegations that his party had rigged voting in 2004 triggered the "  Orange Revolution , " forcing him from office and giving power to his political opponents , including Yulia Tymoshenko , who became prime minister . Soon after Yanukovich was elected president in 2010 , Tymoshenko was jailed after being found guilty of abuse of office , in a case many believe was politically motivated . In its negotiations , the EU had been demanding that Yanukovich free Tymoshenko . Ukraine is seen as a deeply corrupt country , ranked number 144 out of 177 countries in the Transparency International Corruption Perceptions Index . This environment provides a breeding ground for arbitrary rule by powerful clans . A rapprochement with the EU would , at least on longer term , put pressure on that rule . Another reason to put the agreement with the EU on hold seems to have been the Russia factor . Read more : Opinion -- why Ukraine 's future lies with the EU Russian President Vladimir Putin wants to bring the Ukraine into his sphere of influence through integration into a Moscow-led customs union which in the future shall be transformed into a fully-fledged "  Eurasian Union . " In the past few months , the Kremlin has put considerable pressure on Ukraine to move over to this camp . But for Yanukovich , an alliance with Russia would be a double-edged sword . While Putin is likely to give the Ukrainian leader a free hand to consolidate his power base , he would also want control over key economic and political decisions . In a close alliance , Ukraine would lose core elements of sovereignty . If Yanukovich were to hand his country over to Moscow , he would very likely be met with another revolution . Since the Orange Revolution in 2004 , Ukraine 's political class has been aware that it needs to stay in tune with popular opinion . And a clear majority wants to go West . People see a prosperous , well-governed EU next to their borders -- in sharp contrast with their own economic and political misery . That 's why they are on the streets now , in Kiev and elsewhere . Yanukovich , however , is likely to try to keep Ukraine in the middle -- going neither West nor East . He wants to keep the status quo , where he feels safe . But the economic crisis is getting worse , and he needs help . Without a rapprochement , neither the EU nor Russia will invest substantially in his regime . Read more : Opinion -- beware Russia 's power play And there is a new factor which may bring additional dynamism into the game . Germany , now seen by many as the leading power in Europe , has recently put its weight behind the Eastern Partnership -- which had mainly been driven by Poland and Sweden in the past . In a speech on November 18 , German Chancellor Angela Merkel flatly rejected Russia 's claims over the region . Eastern European countries , she said , "  must decide themselves on their future direction . " "  Third parties " -- ie Russia -- "  can not have the right to veto , " she said . Berlin would urge the EU to counter Russian pressure on Eastern Europe , "  be it in the form of additional sales opportunities for products from our partner countries , which for instance may not be exported to Russia , or in the form of assistance to diversify their energy supply , " Merkel said . This is quite a turnaround in German policies towards Russia . It is the first time Merkel has spoken to Moscow with the assertive attitude of the leader of a great power . And she was doing what great powers usually do : pushing back other great powers and offering protection to smaller powers . In other words , Merkel took a first step towards a geopolitical competition with Russia over Eastern Europe -- effectively ending years of cozy bilateral relations with Moscow . Merkel has picked up the gauntlet thrown by Putin at her and the EU . But it is still unclear to what extent she will follow-up her rhetoric and push the EU towards making more substantial offers to Ukraine -- especially after the hopes of signing an agreement at the Vilnius summit have been disappointed . But she has shown a Germany that no longer afraid to confront Russia over Eastern Europe . This is starting to look like an entirely new game . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ulrich Speck .	Thousands have been protesting in Kiev after the Ukrainian government rejected an EU deal The deal would have made Ukraine 's political sphere more democratic , Ulrich Speck says But he says it was not in the president 's own interests to sign and move away from Russia Germany has shown it is not afraid to confront Russia over Eastern Europe , Speck says
CNN  -- A potent storm system socked the Mid-Atlantic and as far north as New York on Thursday , lashing the region with damaging hail , strong winds and pelting rains . At various points Thursday afternoon and evening , parts of Delaware , Virginia and Maryland were under tornado warnings tied to the system . There were reports of a few possible touchdowns , though thankfully no widespread damage or injuries . Even without twisters , the storms did damage in other ways . Photos posted to Twitter from Wyomissing , Pennsylvania -- which is just outside of Reading -- showed some cars with smashed windshields thanks to large , powerful hail . Lt. Thomas D. Endy said two police cars in town are n't drivable , and three can go out only if absolutely necessary . "  It got really loud , " said Heather Knaub , who was working at a department store in Berkshire Mall in Wyomissing when the hail started pounding down , eventually caving in some overhead glass windows . " ... It looked like a white-out ; hail was everywhere . " The National Weather Service documented scores of other such reports , including ones indicating hail the size of golf balls in locales from Hamden , New York , to Roxbury Mills , Maryland . Central Virginia was particularly hard-hit , with Dominion Electric reporting about 14,000 customers without power around 9:15 p.m. due to hail and strong winds . This activity includes a "  possible brief tornado " that may have hit in Prince George County , according to the weather service . New York state got its share of bad weather as well , with the weather service tweeting that there was a tornado in Delanson . It later tweeted an image of house there that had been obliterated . Much of upstate New York also had to deal with flooding concerns due to the combination of rain and hail . Some places north of Rome , New York , already got as much as 6 inches of rain , for instance . The system caused temporary headaches for those traveling in and out of the region , with all traffic bound for New Jersey 's Newark airport , New York 's LaGuardia airport and Philadelphia 's airport not allowed to take off until after 6:30 p.m. And the Mid-Atlantic was n't the only part of the country braving severe weather . Hazardous weather outlooks were once in effect for huge swaths of the central and southwestern United States -- as far north as Montana and North Dakota , as far south as Arizona and Texas , and as far east as Tennessee . The storms were also affecting areas in and around Denver , which was the site of several reported tornadoes on Wednesday . Frontier Airlines tweeted that its call center there was evacuated due to the storm , around the same time Denver International Airport urged travelers to be on-guard for instructions if the situation takes a sudden turn for the worse . CNN 's AnneClaire Stapleton , Aaron Cooper , Lorenzo Ferrigno , Kevin Conlon and Matthew Stucker contributed to this report .	NEW : The strong storm knocks out power to thousands in Virginia NEW : Weather Service reports a "  possible " tornado in Prince George County There are scores hail reports , some of them golf-ball sized Police : 2 police cars unusable , 3 badly damaged in a Pennsylvania town
PARIS , France  CNN  -- French President Nicolas Sarkozy became faint while jogging late Sunday morning and was taken to a hospital , the presidential office said . French President Nicolas Sarkozy is often seen jogging with bodyguards . He did not lose consciousness , and initial tests showed nothing abnormal , said a statement released by the president 's office . His heart will be monitored until Monday morning , which is standard procedure in such cases , the statement said . In the meantime , according to the statement , he is resting and keeping in touch with his advisers . Sarkozy , 54 , had been jogging with bodyguards for about 45 minutes near the Elysee Palace , the official residence of the president , when he fell ill , the statement said . After being seen by the Elysee doctor , Sarkozy was taken by helicopter to the military hospital Val-de-Grace . Watch more on Sarkozy 's trip to hospital " No further announcement was expected until morning , the statement said . Sarkozy exercises regularly and is an avid jogger . Earlier this month , he was photographed jogging through Central Park in New York during his trip to the United States . CNN 's Jim Bittermann contributed to this report .	NEW : Sarkozy resting , talking with advisers at hospital , president 's office says NEW : Initial tests show nothing abnormal , according to president 's office French President taken to hospital after becoming faint while jogging Sarkozy is an avid jogger
CNN  -- At Nassau 's Potter 's Cay Dock , fresh conch is heaped on tables for sale by the pound . The quayside is chaotic with pallets of food and household goods being hauled into the mail boats . Mail boats are the life-support system of the Bahamas -- an archipelago of 700 scattered islands in the Atlantic . Some 14 to 18 mail boats operate out of Nassau ; no one seems sure how many . They serve communities , such as Ragged Island  population 73  , that are too remote or small to receive sufficient airfreight . The vessels are privately owned family concerns that supplement government-awarded mail contracts by running cargo . They also take on board paying passengers . Fares are cheap -- individual voyages range from $ 50 to $ 65 per ride . Prone to delays The shared cabins are basic and cramped and schedules are prone to delays because of adverse sea conditions . Top ethical travel destinations for 2014 The longest voyage runs from Potter 's Cay to Inagua , some 37 to 42 hours at sea . " ` Lady D' makes that journey , " says assistant dock master Craig Curtis at Potter 's Cay . "  She 's supposed to leave Tuesdays , but that can stretch to the weekend . " Despite their unpredictability , mail boats offer an adventurous , authentic travel experience away from the Bahamas ' well developed beach resort scene . Voyages are an opportunity to meet island characters . The "  Grandmaster " leaves the dock at Potter 's Cay for a 14-hour voyage bound for Georgetown on Grand Exuma . She traverses 365 coral islands down the Exuma chain -- some are owned by celebrities such as Johnny Depp ; others offer $ 40,000-per-night villa rentals . The turquoise sea beneath the keel is so transparent stingrays can be seen gliding across shallow sandbanks . Galaxies of stars During humid nights it 's possible to sleep on deck , cooled by sea breezes beneath galaxies of stars . A beach break in Bimini In his 70s , retired mail boat captain Larry Brozozog has passed the task of piloting "  Grandmaster " to his son , Lance , giving him time to talk to passengers about the origin of the mail boats . "  They were running in the 1940s but only one mail boat would serve all southern Bahamas monthly , " he says . "  The government began issuing mail contracts in the late Fifties , then services became weekly . " Brozozog says he was born into shipping . "  My great grandfather used to sail back and forth to the UK in the late 1800s . " Older islanders nostalgically recall the mail boats before the advent of inter-island flights by small aircraft . Growing up in the 1960s on Andros -- an island to the west of New Providence , where the capital , Nassau , sits -- Petherina Harris says each mail boat arrival was eagerly awaited . World 's most spectacular swimming pools "  We did n't have electricity back then so we 'd take the mail boat to Nassau to see electric lights in people 's homes and eat Kentucky Fried , " she says . Julius Chisholm from Acklins , several hundred kilometers to the southeast of Nassau , remembers the whole island turning out whenever the mail boat came in . "  If it arrived on a Sunday , even church was canceled . " Ernest Hemingway 's boxing lessons Bimini , which lies two-thirds of the way from Nassau to Miami , is another island served by the mail boats . Fish-wrestling novelist Ernest Hemingway spent time there in the 1930s -- many on the island still tell of his exploits . "  He taught Biminites how to box , " says Ansil Saunders , an 82-year-old boatwright . "  Hemingway offered 10 bucks to anybody who could last a round with him . " Captain Sean Munroe 's navy blue hulled "  Sherice M , " built in Louisiana in 1995 , serves the Bimini Islands . Munroe says tough economic times have cast doubt over the future of his and other mail boat services . Fuel price increases have already brought a reduction of mail runs to Bimini from four to three times monthly . "  Fuel costs have risen so much it 's wiped out our profit from the mail contract , so we rely on private cargo " he says . "  But continuing to serve the island community and maintaining the legacy of our family business is just as important to us as the economics . " 8 great hotel perks in the Caribbean Munroe hails from seafaring stock . His grandfather ran supplies to Cuba before the U.S. embargo was imposed in the 1960s . That family dynasty stretches to the "  Island Link , " a vessel skippered by Munroe 's brother , Jed . Runaway pigs I join Jed on his weekly trip across the Tropic of Cancer to Long Island , which lies to the southeast of Nassau . Our voyage takes 20 hours instead of the scheduled 14 because Munroe has to navigate over shallows to ride out a Caribbean storm . Fellow passengers include a mother and daughter economizing on airfares that would be twice the $ 50 ticket price , and a Rastafarian looking for any work he can get . "  We carry everything and anything , " says Munroe . "  Food items , luxury goods , machine parts ... anything . We transported pigs once , but one broke free mid-voyage and caused havoc on the deck . " Eventually we arrive at Long Island , where visitors are drawn by ribbons of pristine sandy beaches and Deans Blue Hole , a 202-meter  663-foot  vertical abyss that 's the deepest of its kind in the world . But first stop is Simms Wharf , where an enthusiastic crowd awaits their cargo . Among them is Mandie Constantitis , the son of a Greek immigrant , who is Long Island 's last sponge fisherman . He depends on the mail boats to ship his consignments to Nassau for export . Dewitt Miller , a taxi driver , tells me that before the mail boat arrives each Wednesday the whole island is almost out of fresh fruit and vegetables . Secrets to the most popular cruise ports Later I make the return voyage to Nassau . Back at Potter 's Cay , I meet Captain Kevin Moxey , loading up his family namesake boat , "  Captain Moxey , " to make the trip to Andros . As he watches potted palms bound for a resort being manhandled onto his deck , Moxey says his business is feeling the economic strain . But he remains confident the diminutive size of the islands will mean the mail boats will never be replaced by large freight airplanes . "  Sure , we 're pinching the pennies -- but mail boats will never go away , " he says . Freelance photojournalist Mark Stratton has written for The Daily Telegraph , The Guardian , Wall Street Journal and National Geographic Traveler , among many other websites and publications .	Traveling the Bahamas by mail boat is cheap . Tickets for individual voyages cost $ 50 to $ 65 On humid nights you can sleep on deck , cooled by sea breezes beneath galaxies of stars The boats are a lifeline for some among Bahamanian islands that are too small to receive air freight
New York  CNN  -- Longtime New York Yankees icon Derek Jeter underwent surgery Saturday in Charlotte , North Carolina , to mend the left ankle he fractured fielding a ground ball in the 12th inning of what was the beginning of his team 's post-season collapse . The Bombers ' captain is expected to recover within four to five months , according to a team spokesman . But the injury has only added to looming questions about how many more seasons the aging all-star has left in pinstripes . Finishing off the year with 216 hits , the most in baseball , the 38-year-old shortstop -- nicknamed "  Mr. November " -- has played 18 seasons in Gotham and has often said he would like to finish his career as a Yankee . A virtual shoo-in for Major League Baseball 's Hall of Fame , Jeter last year became only the 28th player in baseball history -- and the first Yankee -- to reach the 3,000-hit mark . News of Saturday 's surgery also coincided with the birthday of another Bombers legend : Mickey Mantle , who played 18 seasons with the team between 1951 and 1968 . But when Jeter will join the list of past Yankee greats remains a mystery that most New Yorkers are n't looking to unravel just yet . "  We 've had to move on from a lot of things this year , " said Manager Joe Girardi in a postgame press conference following the team 's 6-4 loss to Detroit last weekend . "  We 've lost the greatest closer of all time where people left us for dead . ... It is something you deal with , an aging roster . " In March , pitcher Mariano Rivera -- the 42-year-old Panama native who has long endeared himself to New Yorkers with his signature cut fastball -- was faced with the daunting prospect of a career-ending injury with a tear to his anterior cruciate ligament , or ACL . Rivera , baseball 's all-time leading career saves leader  608  , hit the dirt in agony while shagging fly balls during a practice session in Kansas City , leaving the Yankees to fill his shoes with a younger though surprisingly proficient pitching staff . "  If you want to move on , you 've got to find a way , " Girardi said . But the Tigers on Thursday swept the Yanks , whose hitters largely struggled throughout the post-season with a measly .188 playoff batting average , raising questions about the team 's penchant for aging stars and amplifying calls to develop the next generation of Yankee greats .	The Bombers ' captain is expected to recover within 4-5 months , according to a team spokesman He finished off the year with 216 hits , the most in baseball News of the surgery also coincided with the birthday of another Yankee icon : Mickey Mantle
CNN  -- Italy recorded the biggest Rugby World Cup win in their history on Tuesday as they crushed Russia 53-17 in Nelson , New Zealand . The Azzuri ran in nine tries against World Cup debutants Russia and now sit third on point difference in Pool C , level on five points with second-placed Australia . Italy flew out of the blocks at Trafalgar Park , securing a bonus point from four tries in just 22 minutes . Flanker Sergio Parisse ran over the first try before a brace from Giulio Toniolatti -- his first tries in international rugby -- and an additional score from center Tommaso Benvenuti gave a commanding lead . Italy , currently under the tutelage of former South Africa coach Nick Mallett , continued to press and were awarded a penalty try after 28 minutes when Russia were penalized for a succession of collapsed scrums . Alexander Yanyushkin made World Cup history for Russia with 33 minutes on the clock , the flyhalf going over to score the nation 's first-ever try in the quadrennial tournament . But Russia 's respite was short-lived as scrumhalf Edoardo Gori touched down Italy 's sixth try of an action-packed first half with 37 minutes gone . Nikolay Nerush 's Russia rallied in the second half as they attempted to stem the Italian tide , but Benvenuti continued the scoring as he went over to make the score 43-7 on 47 minutes . Wing Vladimir Ostrushko and center Alexey Makovetskiy did manage to score tries for Russia , either side of fullback Luke McLean 's score for Italy . Substitute Alessandro Zanni completed the scoring with four minutes remaining , capitalizing on powerful scrum play from Italy to score his team 's ninth try . The convincing win keeps alive Italy 's hopes of reaching the quarterfinals for the first time , with their next match against the U.S. on September 27 . Russia sit bottom of Pool C , with just one point from their two matches ahead of a clash with Ireland in Rotorua on Sunday .	Italy beat Russia 53-17 at the Rugby World Cup in New Zealand The Azzuri ran in nine tries to record their biggest World Cup win Italy are now third in Pool C , level on points with Australia Russia are bottom of the group , with one point from two matches
CNN  -- Summertime has long been associated with pool parties and barbecues . But with so many new programs and series ' finales on the way , the TV remote could be just as crucial this season as sunscreen and hot dogs . It used to be that reruns and reality TV shows were the stars of summer TV . And while reality staples such as "  Big Brother " and "  Wipeout " still stand , they 're now offset by a slew of original dramas and comedies , some of which boast a star power that 's relatively new to the summer season . This shift has been in the works for a while , since innovative cable shows began forcing networks to up the ante about six years ago , said Matt Whitfield , features editor at Yahoo! TV . "  This is the most highly anticipated summer in TV history , " he said , adding that the lineup "  seems more exciting than the fall TV lineup . " HBO 's new series "  The Newsroom " will take viewers behind the scenes of a fictional cable news network when it premieres on June 24 . It 's one of the most buzzed-about new dramas , thanks in part to series creator Aaron Sorkin . The Oscar-winner is known for helming the Emmy-winning drama "  The West Wing , " which aired for seven seasons on NBC . Starring Jeff Daniels , Emily Mortimer and Dev Patel , the series "  has award winner written all over it already , " Whitfield said . HBO is owned by CNN 's parent company . "  True Blood " has been a summer staple since season 2 kicked off in June 2009 on HBO . Returning on Sunday , season 5 boasts a new draw -- "  Law and Order : SVU " veteran Chris Meloni has joined the cast as a vampire . Three-time Oscar-nominated actress Sigourney Weaver will also grace the tube this summer on USA 's "  Political Animals . " She 'll play divorced , former first lady Elaine Barrish , who now serves as the secretary of state . Joining Weaver are Ellen Burstyn and Carla Gugino , among other notable stars . The series is set to premiere in July . The Weaver series is hardly USA 's only lure this summer . "  Royal Pains , " "  White Collar , " "  Burn Notice " and "  Suits " will all be back . Highly anticipated final seasons beginning this summer include AMC 's "  Breaking Bad " and TNT 's "  The Closer , " which will air additional episodes to prepare for a potential spinoff . Meanwhile , come July 11 , DirecTV will take "  Damages " into its final season . Perhaps the summer season 's greatest star power can be found on FX . Charlie Sheen 's "  Anger Management " will debut on June 28 . Selma Blair and Shawnee Smith will also appear on the show , which features Sheen as an anger management therapist . "  There 's no way that 's not going to have huge ratings , " said Whitfield , who added that "  Two and a Half Men 's " ratings have n't been so hot since Ashton Kutcher took over . "  People want Charlie , " Whitfield continued . "  They 're going to tune in for Charlie .  ` Anger Management '  could very well deliver FX 's highest rating of all time . " FX also has a notable name behind its new series , "  Brand X With Russell Brand . " The comedian will star in the late-night series , sharing his take on everything from politics to pop culture . It 's not as easy as it used to be for TV shows to breakout during the summer , said James Poniewozik , a senior writer and TV critic at Time magazine . "  TV  is not as uncluttered over the summer anymore , but it 's still easier than launching a show the way the big networks do in the fall -- where 80 % of their new shows debut within the same couple of weeks in September . " And though summer is no longer a "  the world 's wildest police chases and silly garbage , " Whitfield said , programs such as "  Big Brother " and "  So You Think You Can Dance , " which he calls "  comfort food TV , " are n't going anywhere . Joining the reality competition genre are dating shows such as Fox 's "  The Choice " and "  Take Me Out , " which will premiere on Thursday . NBC 's "  Love in the Wild " kicked off its second season on Tuesday . And on the cable front of reality TV , MTV will launch "  Snooki and JWoww . " If only because people are curious to observe a pregnant Snooki , the new reality series is sure to attract viewers , Whitfield said . "  There truly is something for everybody this year . "	HBO 's "  The Newsroom " will take viewers behind the scenes of a fictional cable news network HBO 's "  True Blood " has been a summer staple since season 2 kicked off in June 2009 Sigourney Weaver will star on USA 's "  Political Animals " come July
CNN  -- If Barack Obama had previewed his inaugural speech before the November election , would he have been able to give it in January ? Apparently , our president did not think so . From the first days of his re-election campaign until as recently as a month ago , President Obama described himself "  a pretty practical guy " who is "  not driven by some ideological agenda . " Dispensing with that fiction in his inaugural address , he 's been commended for finally and honestly revealing himself . No longer is Barack Obama a national Rorschach test in which anyone can see anything . He has staked his ground : President Obama is an unabashed advocate of the old-fashioned American left . That 's not good news for Democrats who have trekked with him to the end of an ideological limb . Obama 's inaugural statement displayed "  a sweeping liberal vision , " the Los Angeles Times wrote . Andrew Coyne headlined it , "  The Most Full-throated Defense of Liberalism Since FDR . " Historian Doris Kearns Goodwin called it "  a powerful defense of collective action , of government . " Chris Matthew 's "  Hardball Blog , " not known for restraining its lefty enthusiasm , did not disappoint : "  Liberalism is back ! President Obama 's inaugural address revealed a liberal vision -- a full-throated defense of progressive policy . " Poor old Bill Clinton . Obama 's long-delayed public confession of collectivism was not only a rejection of Reaganesque individualism . It was a repudiation of Clinton 's New Democrats . Clinton 's moderation was useful camouflage during the campaign but only to return Obama to the Capitol steps , unburdened by another election , free to reignite "  the era of big government . " Perhaps at this point , we should believe him : Barack Obama is George McGovern with a jump shot . As David Brooks noted , his liberalism was "  on full display . " His duplicity was , as well . Obama 's post-partisan pragmatism , he has confirmed with his inaugural address , was only a useful political contrivance . Blinded by the nobility of his intentions , this president has grown comfortable with deception . He does what is best for the American people , even when it requires that he misleads them . Obama 's approach has become the cynical politics he supposedly came to Washington to change . Zelizer : Obama , think big for State of the Union In his forceful January speech , Obama trumpeted his mission . It is not to leave office as Ronald Reagan , who renewed a failing economy and restored our nation 's confidence . Obama 's calling is a moral one . The worst recession since the great Depression will have to wait . His mission , inherited from Abraham Lincoln and Martin Luther King , is equality , not revitalization . Yet even as he prepares for Tuesday 's State of the Union address , Obama twists and stretches . What he wants is what we need , he tells us . Redistribution 's side effect , he pledges , will be a more prosperous America . "  Our economy succeeds and our economy grows , " he says , "  when everybody is getting a fair shot and everybody is getting a fair-shake and everybody is playing by the same rules . Because I believe that is a growth agenda -- not just an equity agenda , not just a fairness agenda -- that is a growth agenda . " As he drives , he pits the destitute passengers in his car against the rich , Hispanics against Anglos , women against men , telling them inequality is their worry . They fight and claw , unaware they are speeding towards a precipice , oblivious to the common danger that makes their differences pale . As long as this president has a Democratic Senate and a veto pen , there will be no deficit reduction , no serious control of entitlements . A government we can not afford is not Barack Obama 's problem . It is his solution . Why would Obama reduce entitlements that redistribute wealth when they force the social change he sees as his legacy ? Redistributing wealth , not creating it , is Obama 's signal intent . Democratic administrations in our largest cities and states -- from Detroit to Washington , D.C , from California to Obama 's home state of Illinois -- have tested this president 's old social justice agenda . It has produced a record of relentless economic failure . Yet for this liberal man , economic malaise may just be the price of social justice . And the shock , in my mind , is not his commitment to compulsory redistribution , but that a leader so young has such old ideas . He is a man from America 's past . Barack Obama is old-school . He believes in top-down planning , not bottom-up incentives . He sees government as an industrial machine , though he lives in the age of the network . He trusts political and artificial imperatives from Washington , not natural and organic choices by ordinary Americans . His answer to irresponsive , ineffective , unaffordable old government is not reform , but to produce more of it . Obama 's bright young smile cloaks archaic ideas , ill-suited for today 's global economic race . We have been on this road before . We know where it takes us : 1 . Obama will leave office a hero . 2 . He will leave his party a wreck . Barack Obama has calculated he will never get on Mount Rushmore working with Republicans in Congress to fix a broken economy . Their prescriptions and his are incompatible . In the president 's view , growth requires money for expansive new government programs . He knows he will never get that money from the Mr. Potter 's who run the House of Representatives . His moral vision , however , is a bargain : It requires no funding . From Lincoln , to King , to Obama : In this noble cause , not the struggle for economic renewal , he will shape how he 's remembered . His legacy will be The Equal Deal , not a better one . His party will not share his good fortune . In Obama 's first term , in 2010 , he ignored the nation 's economic crisis , moved left , and gave Americans health equality . Republicans swept the House of Representatives . Obama is now replicating that pattern . When this charismatic leader leaves town , he will have returned the Democratic Party to its McGovernite past , leaving it wedded to old , slow , big , dumb , inflexible Industrial Age government . He will leave behind a party that embodies economic stagnation , shackled to the challenges it ignored , and mistrusted with America 's checkbook . Democrats have crawled out on a fragile , ideological limb with Barack Obama , a branch loaded with debt and the burden of a sagging economy . It will snap long before they find another Clinton to move their party back to the center , where they can safely renew themselves and rebuild . Democrats he will leave behind should strap on their life preservers : Your president 's interests and yours have diverged . Look at the Republican Party George W. Bush left behind after serving two terms . Obama 's supporters believe otherwise . They trust their new left-tilting majority will be sustained by an "  emergent Democratic coalition , " a confederacy of liberals , unions , government workers , black and Hispanic Americans , supplemented by young , single Carrie Bradshaws . They may be right : Unless Republicans wake up and provide a palatable alternative , even a mistrusted , out-of-date , ideologically extreme Democratic Party will have no effective opposition . Only when Republicans move beyond "  No " and offer an optimistic agenda of bottom-up growth and prosperity for all Americans , can they emerge from their visionless wandering . Are Republicans tired enough of losing to begin to rejuvenate themselves ? Marco Rubio will not just give the response to President Obama 's State of the Union address Tuesday night ; he will give the nation its first glimpse of an alternative to the antiquated , top-down Democratic Party Barack Obama will leave us . Tuesday night , we 'll see the future . Let the best party and America win . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alex Castellanos .	Alex Castellanos : After election , President Obama revealed his liberal core He says post-partisanship and Clinton-style moderation are out Obama wo n't make serious concessions on entitlements , ca n't win over House , he says Castellanos : Obama will declare moral victory , but Democrats will lose ground politically
Peshawar , Pakistan  CNN  -- A 13-year-old Pakistani boy has taken his school to court , challenging his expulsion after he got married . Gherat Khan , a 7th grader at Peshawar Model School , filed a petition with the High Court in the northwest Pakistani city saying the school 's principal sent him packing after she found out about the wedding . Gherat said his wife is 16 , although CNN could not independently verify her age . Pakistan has no clear guidelines prohibiting underage marriage . Civil law says boys must be 18 ; girls 16 . But Islamic law says a couple can marry if both have reached puberty and if their parents approve . "  I am young but our family had problems , " Gherat said , explaining why he tied the knot at such an early age . His father had passed away and his mother was sick , he said . The family had fallen on hard times . So his relatives , including his grandfather , decided to find him a bride who could help the family with housework Gherat said he loves his wife and does not regret his family members ' decision . The school , however , felt differently . Principal Beatrice Jamil said the decision to expel Gherat was taken after consulting with the school 's directors . His file said the school removed Gherat because his parents removed him . But Jamil admitted that was n't the real reason . Gherat , she said , was told to leave because the school worried he 'd share intimate details of married life with classmates . "  It 's prohibited . It 's almost taboo , " she said . Gherat said he was upset when he found out he could no longer attend classes . If the school deems something inappropriate , he wo n't talk about it with his friends , he said . All he wants is to finish his education so he can become a doctor , Gherat added . "  I want to go to this school , " he said . For her part , Jamil wishes Gherat well -- but does n't want him back . "  Especially now that it 's publicized , " she said .	Boy , 13 , says school expelled him after finding out he was married Gherat Khan challenging decision with Peshawar High Court Gherat says new wife can help ailing mother with housework Principal says school worried Gherat would share intimate details with classmates
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Brittany Zimmerman , a 21-year-old college student who wanted to be a doctor , called 911 as she was being attacked by a stranger , police say . Brittany Zimmerman 's screams and struggle for her life were captured by a 911 tape . But the police did not come for 48 minutes . By that time , Zimmerman was dead . Her fiance found her body . Although the dispatcher claimed later to have heard nothing , the 911 tape captured screams , gasps and what sounds like a struggle , according to the court documents . Spring was in the air when college student Zimmerman returned April 2 from classes at the University of Wisconsin to the off-campus apartment she shared with her fiance , Jordan Gonnering . He was out when she arrived home . He discovered her body when he returned . Zimmerman had been stabbed multiple times in her chest , near her heart . She 'd also been beaten and strangled , according to warrants released recently . Watch an update on the case " Zimmerman managed to call 911 at 12:20 p.m. . The call was taken by the Dane County 911 center and an internal investigation revealed the dispatcher did not hear any sounds that would signal an emergency . Because of that , police were not sent to the apartment until 48 minutes after Zimmerman made the call . Her fiance was already there . Dane County has taken some harsh criticism from the public regarding the delay , and tough questions have been raised about whether a prompt response might have saved Zimmerman 's life . Police are still looking for her killer . "  We are working diligently on this case , have generated significant leads , and are making progress , " said Joel De Spain of the Madison Police Department . The police said they believe Zimmerman was attacked by a stranger . Her apartment door showed signs of forced entry . After interviews with Zimmerman 's family , friends and acquaintances , investigators determined there was no personal motive for the attack . "  In fact , we have not been able to determine any motive yet in this case , " De Spain said . He emphasized that police have no reason to believe Zimmerman was the victim of a serial killer . During the investigation , police have tracked leads pointing to vagrants in Zimmerman 's off-campus neighborhood . The vagrants often would knock on doors and beg for money . "  We are still investigating this avenue , but at this time we have not been able to develop any specific suspects , " De Spain said . Zimmerman 's family and friends describe her as a loving , warm young woman , who had much to look forward to . She was engaged to the love of her life and had dreams of earning a medical degree , they said . She was idealistic , and her goal was to help people , not to earn a large salary , they said . Other details in the released warrants reveal that Zimmerman was murdered in her bedroom , that her cell phone was found in "  parts , " and that her bloody slippers and bloody computer paper were recovered . The murder weapon is described as a knife , two to five inches long . Police are not saying whether they have recovered it . DNA was collected from Zimmerman 's body , as well as hair , blood samples , footprints and fingerprints . So far , no match has been made to a suspect . Zimmerman 's family is offering a $ 14,000 reward , and Crime Stoppers is offering $ 1,000 for tips leading to the arrest and/or conviction of anyone responsible for Zimmerman 's death . Please call the tip line at 608-266-6014 .	College student 's battle for her life caught on 911 tape Police did not respond to her call for help for 48 minutes Brittany Zimmerman 's fiance found her body Police suspect she was attacked by a stranger and are eyeing vagrants
Tripoli , Libya  CNN  -- Rebels marched toward Tripoli Wednesday , capturing a town southwest of the capital from Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi 's forces , a rebel fighter told CNN . Fighting also engulfed Misrata , east of Tripoli , where 14 rebels were killed and 42 others wounded , according to Mohamed Ibrahim , a rebel spokesman in the city . Three civilians also died in rocket attacks launched by Gadhafi 's men , Ibrahim said . CNN could not verify the information . Just west of Misrata , in Dafniya , 14 rebel fighters were killed and 42 were wounded Wednesday during a firefight with Gadhafi forces , said Ibrahim . The rebels ran over Al-Qawalish , a town of about 4,000 residents 50 kilometers  31 miles  southwest of Tripoli , a stronghold for Gadhafi since the start of the uprising in February . Their attacks got under way around 7 a.m. from the north , the west and the south . On the western front , journalist David Adams said rebels were using Grad launchers , two Russian tanks and a number of other vehicles , rockets and guns . The rebels captured the town around 2:30 p.m. , entering from all three fronts , some having captured vehicles belonging to Gadhafi forces . Some rebel fighters could be seen breaking windows , shooting doors of houses and rummaging through families ' belongings . Some said they were looking for weapons , but they appeared to be looting . After they had lost control of the town , Gadhafi forces began shelling its periphery with Grad rockets . At least 12 government soldiers died , six were wounded and seven were captured , said Adams . Rebels , whose casualties included at least seven dead and 15 wounded , said their next target would be Al Assabiah , said Adams . Hassan Al-Jiwali , a rebel fighter from the Nafusa Mountains , said 50 of Gadhafi 's men were killed and 15 were captured in the offensive . Fighting has erupted in the western mountains in recent weeks as more than four months of battles have failed to yield a decisive victory for either side . The first United Nations joint mission to reach the devastated mountain region found many people in dire need of food . A World Food Programme statement said markets were not functioning due to limited fuel and cash , and basic services such as electricity and water were lacking in some areas . The rebels said they were moving northward , closer to the capital on the Mediterranean Sea . They intended to march to the city of Garyan , which sits on the main highway to Tripoli . Also Wednesday , NATO said its air forces targeted military re-fueling equipment in the Brega area southwest of the rebel stronghold of Benghazi . "  These precision strikes will limit the ability of pro-Gadhafi forces to threaten Libyan civilians and significantly degrade logistical support for Gadhafi 's campaign in eastern Libya , " said Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , commander of Operation Unified Protector , in a news release . France has acknowledged arming the rebels , saying the weapons were for self-defense . However , French Defense Minister Gerard Longuet said Tuesday the weapons were no longer necessary because the rebels were becoming "  more autonomous . " But debate continued over France 's decisions . In a contentious closed-door U.N. Security Council meeting Tuesday , Russia argued that , by sending weapons , France had violated the council 's resolution that authorized the use of NATO force in Libya . CNN 's Kareem Khadder and Kathryn Tancos contributed to this report .	NEW : NATO warplanes targeted military refueling equipment near Brega 14 rebels die in Misrata fighting Rebels capture Al-Qawalish , according to a rebel fighter The town is about 30 miles southwest of Tripoli
CNN  -- The daughter of Cuba 's president supports the re-election bid of U.S. President Barack Obama , but believes he could do more were it not for the pressures he is facing , she said in an interview broadcast Monday on "  CNNi 's Amanpour . " "  As a citizen of the world , I would like him to win , " said Mariela Castro Espin , daughter of Raul Castro , in the exclusive interview , which was conducted Friday in New York . "  Given the choices , I prefer Obama . " The 49-year-old gay rights advocate said that Obama has been constrained in his ability to effect change . "  He wants to do much more than what he 's been able to do , " she said . "  That 's the way I interpret it personally . I do n't know if I 'm being objective . " Still , she said , "  I believe that Obama needs another opportunity and he needs greater support to move forward with his projects and with his ideas , which I believe come from the bottom of his heart . " Asked if Obama would lift the half-century-old trade embargo on Cuba if he could , Castro said , "  I believe that Obama is a fair man . And I believe Obama needs greater support to be able to make these decisions . If Obama had all the political support of the American people , then we could normalize our relationships , as good or better than we had under President Carter . " During his single term as president , from 1977 to 1981 , Jimmy Carter eased restrictions on U.S. travel to Cuba . Castro added that she supports the release of Alan Gross , a U.S. citizen arrested in Cuba in 2009 and sentenced to 15 years on charges of subversion . But , she added , she also wants to see the release of the "  Cuban Five , " who are being held in the United States for crimes of espionage . Castro was unswayed by Gross ' recent request that he be allowed to visit his 90-year-old mother before she dies if he promises to return afterward to prison in Cuba . "  Alan Gross has been granted everything that he 's asked for : He has been able to see his wife , he has been able to have matrimonial , conjugal visits , and he has been treated with respect and dignity the way we always treat prisoners in Cuba , " Castro said . "  We have n't received the same treatment on the other hand for our five prisoners who have very long sentences that are not right . I think that the six must be released -- both the five Cubans and Alan Gross . " "  Is that what you 're saying , that Alan Gross should be released and the Cuban Five ? " host Christiane Amanpour asked . "  Of course , " Castro responded . "  I 'm referring to the five Cubans and Alan Gross . I believe that this would be the happiest solution for all involved . " The gay rights activist said that sexual orientation and gender identification are among the rights that Communist Cuba still needs to address . A bill legalizing civil unions , not same-sex marriage , has been proposed , "  however , this has n't happened as yet , " she said . "  And people who are in same-sex couples do not have any protection in that sense . " She predicted the legislature would address the matter , which her father has not opposed , this year . Castro said the nation had learned to acknowledge and correct past mistakes after its aggressive quarantine policy for HIV-positive men and women during the early years of the AIDS epidemic was abandoned in 1993 . "  I never agreed with these quarantines , " she said . "  There were several international health organizations that evaluated these quarantines as a positive thing at a time when not much was known about how the epidemic spreads . " Amanpour pointed to a Human Rights Watch description of Cuba as "  the only country in Latin America that represses virtually all forms of political dissent . " But Castro said the rights group "  does not represent the opinion of the Cuban people . And their informants are mercenaries . They 're people who have been paid by a foreign government for media shows that do not represent Cuban positions directly . " She defended her nation as one that allows dissent . "  People who dissent do n't go to jail , " she said . "  Everybody in Cuba expresses their view and there 's a political participation so that we can express ourselves and question everything . " Holding an opinion contrary to that of the government "  enriches the debate , " she said . "  No one goes to prison for an opinion , rather for serving foreign interests who pay them . That 's called being a mercenary and that 's penalized in laws everywhere in the world , including the laws of this country . " She said the island 's single-party system would disappear if other nations would stop trying to impose their will on Cuba . "  If Cuba 's sovereignty were n't threatened , if the internal affairs of Cuba were n't manipulated in media campaigns , if Cuba were n't the subject of an economic and trade embargo , which has caused so many problems for us , then in Cuba , it would n't make sense to have a sole party , just one party , " she said . Though some critics have said the nation relies on the embargo to crack down on internal dissent , and that the nation 's socialist system would collapse if the United States were to lift the embargo , Castro disagreed about what would happen to her country . "  I think it would become stronger , " she said . "  This is why they do n't lift the embargo . " Castro offered no sympathy for Yoani Sanchez , the dissident blogger inside Cuba who has won multiple awards for her work , which is critical of the Castro government . "  She gives service to foreign powers who are interested in eliminating the Cuban experience , " Castro said . "  She 's an official voice of the global dominant powers . " Castro disputed Sanchez 's assertion that she was not allowed to work . "  She is allowed to work in Cuba , " Castro said . "  But she makes much more money with the prizes , which are being sent to her from abroad , than for any work that she might do with the very low wages that we have in Cuba . " Castro predicted that Sanchez 's audience will "  get bored of hearing lies , " and her influence will wane . "  She does n't really fight for authentic rights ; she 's not committed to the rights movement in Cuba , because she does n't even participate in any of the debates that are trying to achieve rights . " Castro blamed the trade embargo for the fact that many Cubans are not able to use the Internet . "  We pay Internet over satellite , which is very expensive , " she said . "  We do n't have the access to the fiber optic lines that pass by Cuba . We 're negotiating with Venezuela to help us so we can maximize access to Internet . " But she said Cubans still have access to "  very big social networks . " "  There is more access to the Internet in Cuba , legal and illegal , than you can imagine , because the Cuban people are a curious people . And you ca n't deny us the access to information . " Asked about Sen. Robert Menendez 's description of her as "  a vocal advocate of the regime , an opponent of democracy , who has defended the brutal repression of democracy activists , " Castro called the Democrat from New Jersey "  a person who really does n't have his feet down on the ground . " Asked why the United States had issued Castro a visa , a State Department spokesman noted that she had visited the United States twice during the George W. Bush administration . "  However , one should not mistake the fact that a visa was granted to this person with our general policy towards Cuba , " Acting Assistant Secretary of State for Public Affairs Michael A. Hammer told reporters in Washington . "  In fact , we want , and we allow freedom of expression in our country , something , which in fact , does not occur in Cuba . "	"  I would like him to win , " Mariela Castro says of Obama 's election bid "  Obama needs another opportunity , " she adds Castro says Alan Gross and the "  Cuban 5 " should be released
Beijing , China  CNN  -- As three Malaysia Airlines executives and their interpreter looked on with stoic faces , a Chinese man in his 50s yelled : "  Time 's flying and you need to search for the people ! " before wailing uncontrollably . The man 's son was on Flight MH370 -- still missing after the Beijing-bound Boeing 777-200 jet disappeared from radar screens early Saturday morning , not long after it took off from Kuala Lumpur 's international airport . As their agonizing wait enters day four , family and friends of the 227 passengers on board -- of whom 153 were from mainland China -- have become increasingly frustrated and angry , especially those who have been holed up in the Lido Hotel , a short drive from Beijing 's Capital International Airport . The bawling man broke down in the middle of a Malaysia Airlines briefing for the passengers ' relatives . He demanded to know why he could hear his son 's mobile phone ring when dialing the number , even as search and rescue crews continued to return empty handed . Several other Chinese passengers ' mobile phones were still connecting but going unanswered , state media has quoted their families as saying . Some experts have attributed this to the configuration of call-forwarding service by certain phone carriers , but their opinion has little sway on the crowd at Lido . Four possible scenarios Continuous coverage Most relatives of passengers spend their waking hours in the hotel 's ballroom , where Malaysia Airlines has established a support center . Journalists are not officially allowed to enter , but some manage to quietly walk in . Different Chinese dialects resonate in the room as people exchange information and plans , with others glued to television screens broadcasting continuous coverage on the missing plane from local channels . Food , snacks and bottled water are laid out on tables , as Buddhist volunteers from Taiwan hand out fruit , remind people to eat properly and offer warm hugs . Staff behind desks help those applying for Chinese passports and Malaysian visas , with an ID photo booth set up in the corner . The seemingly calm air was punctuated by the cry of pain and desperation Tuesday afternoon . A woman suddenly screamed , prompting her family to rush to her side . "  You need to stay healthy -- it 's no good if he comes back and sees you like this , right ? " A young man comforted the woman , as her husband sobbed next to her . "  You 're right , " said the woman , wiping her tears and nodding . Who were the mystery men on the flight ? ` Sincere attitude ' The atmosphere in the room turned contentious as Malaysia Airlines representatives walked in for the briefing . The carrier 's offer of $ 5,000 immediate financial assistance to each family member was met with boos in the audience . Many in the crowd vented their dissatisfaction with the airline , calling its updates infrequent and its assistance inadequate . They voiced frustration of being kept in the dark and suspicion over the motive of the airline 's money offer . "  I hope you treat us with a sincere attitude , otherwise there will be serious consequences ! " declared a relative in a black shirt . "  Yes ! " others shouted in unison . The man in black then laid down five demands for the airline , including a 24/7 coordinator for passenger families , more flexibility on the relatives ' travel to Kuala Lumpur and a meeting with Malaysian government officials . "  We 're trying to deliver with limited resources , " said Ignatius Ong , a senior executive with Malaysia Airlines , pledging a thorough review of the family demands . "  My personal apologies to everyone here , but I ask you to support us . " "  Please , " he added .	Beijing-bound Malaysia Airlines Flight MH370 disappeared from radar screens early March 8 Of the 227 passengers on board the missing plane , 153 are from mainland China Malaysia Airlines has established a support center for relatives at Beijing 's Lido Hotel There people exchange information and watch news coverage on the missing plane
CNN  -- Two registered sex offenders are accused of raping and killing four women in Southern California while the men were wearing GPS ankle-bracelets , authorities say . "  The GPS was in fact intact , attached to these suspects during the commissions of the crimes , " Anaheim Police Chief Raul Quezada told reporters Monday . Steven Dean Gordon , 45 , and Franc Cano , 27 , were scheduled to be arraigned Tuesday , but the hearing was postponed until May 19 at the request of a defense attorney , authorities said . The two men were arrested Friday night . Their ankle monitors and the women 's cell phone records helped authorities link the cases to the suspects , police said . The body of Jarrae Nykkole Estepp , 21 , of Oklahoma , was found at an Anaheim recycling plant on March 14 , Anaheim police said . The disappearances in Santa Ana of the three other women are being treated as homicides , although their bodies have not been found . Kianna Jackson , 20 , was last reported seen on October 6 ; Josephine Vargas , 34 , on October 24 ; and Martha Anaya , 28 , on November 12 . Both men had been convicted of sex crimes involving children : Gordon in 1992 and Cano in 2007 . Each man had checked in with police every 30 days , as required , and authorities had no reason to watch them more closely , Anaheim Police Department spokesman Lt. Bob Dunn said . A state Department of Corrections official would not say what authorities may have known about the suspects ' activity . "  Due to the complexity of the investigation , we are not at liberty to speak on those , but , however , the questions are coming forth to headquarters in Sacramento and , as time permits or we 're allowed to , they will respond to your questions , " Charles Dangerfield told reporters . All the women are believed to have worked as prostitutes , police said . Sex offenders routinely released from California jails , records show CNN 's Michael Martinez and Stella Chan contributed to this report .	NEW : The two sex offenders ' arraignment on new charges Tuesday is postponed Suspects Steven Dean Gordon and Franc Cano are convicted sex offenders Gordon was convicted in 1992 ; Cano in 2007 Both were wearing GPS monitors during the killings , police say
San Francisco  CNN  -- Tuesday , for the first time , Google Glass was made available to the general public . As part of the one-day-only offering , anyone in the U.S. could buy the $ 1,500 face-mounted computers and get a free pair of glass or sunglass frames . Google is n't sharing any sales numbers for the day , so it 's difficult to divine how successful its first open-sales event has been . There were no reports of the Google Glass sales site crashing or customers being turned away . Google did say it had sold out of the white , or "  cotton " color of Glass . As of Tuesday afternoon there were still red , blue , gray and black options available . "  Wow , what a morning ! We 're happy to see so many new faces  and frames  in the Explorer Program , " Google posted Tuesday to a Google + page , announcing the unavailability of the Cotton model . The Explorer Program refers to early testers of the Glass connected eyewear , which is expected to become widely available by the end of the year . Early on Wednesday Google posted an update saying , "  All spots in the Explorer Program have been claimed for now , but if you missed it this time , do n't worry . We 'll be trying new ways to expand the Explorer program in the future . " A Google spokesperson later said in a statement , "  While you can still access the site , Glass will be marked as sold out . We are leaving the site open so Explorers can still get any accessories they need . " The $ 1,500 headset was only available online , so there were no lines of buyers outside Google buildings . There also did n't appear to be any organized protests of the sale , despite isolated assaults against Glass wearers in this city amid recent tensions between longtime residents and a recent influx of tech-industry staffers . Limited rollouts are a good way for Google to test the demand for its much hyped wearable product . Previously , the only people who could get Glass were developers or people who applied for the device through Google contests .  The Silicon Valley-based company is no stranger to creating hype for a new product . When it first rolled out Gmail 10 years ago , the service was invite only , making it seem exclusive . There are practical reasons Google has drawn out the product 's launch . Glass is technically still in beta and it has been made significantly more consumer friendly since its launch a year ago . Since then , the hardware has been updated and on-staff designers created a line of sleek glass frames that can hold prescription lenses . A day before opening up the online orders , Google announced the latest round of software updates for Glass , which will roll out later this week . The upgrade is expected to improve the device 's battery life and make future software updates easier . There are minor tweaks related to photo sharing , submitting feedback to Google and voice commands . In response to dissatisfaction with the quality of video calls on Glass , Google has removed that feature until it can be improved . Ben Farrell has wanted to buy Glass for a while but did n't pull the trigger until today . The San Francisco-based developer wants to wear the device while walking and running to get back into the habit of working out . He 's also interested in developing location-based games for Glass , inspired by augmented reality games like Ingress . "  The annoying bit about designing games like this is having the user constantly looking down at their phone while trying to play the game in the real world , " said Farrell . On Twitter , many of the people expressing excitement about their orders for Glass , appeared to work in the tech industry . But some were just regular folks who wanted to see the technology 's potential firsthand . Samantha Hutchison , a restaurant , hotel , and institutional management student in Texas , wants to find uses for Glass for students and travelers . "  I will be on the spring 2015 voyage of Semester at Sea and I hope to help develop the traveling apps to help capture my semester abroad , " said Hutchison .  She 's #teamshale . Nate Gilbert , a Glass customer who works for a rival company , thinks that the current price point is way too high . But that was n't going to stop him from ordering a pair . "  I want to see how legit this is . What can it do , " said Gilbert . "  It seems like the future , but how close is it ? " There 's also no way to tell if enthusiasm for Glass has been subdued by recent attacks on people wearing Glass in public or backlash over privacy concerns . Some fans might have decided to save their money and wait until Google releases the next version of Glass , expected by the end of the year . The next version of Glass will likely sport a reduced price tag .	Google made its head-mounted Glass available to the general public for the first time on Tuesday The $ 1,500 devices were only available for one-day to people in the U.S. Google did n't release sales numbers , but said it sold out of the white model
CNN  -- Israel 's military is using a new weapon to catch draft-dodgers : the social networking site Facebook . The army says it checks the home pages of those who have sought an exemption from military service because they are orthodox -- religiously observant . The pages sometimes provide evidence that the people have done things that a strictly observant Jew would not do . About 1,000 female Israelis in the past two years who had claimed to be orthodox have had to "  rephrase their religious declarations " and do their military service after being found out , Israeli military spokeswoman Avital Leibovich told CNN . Military service is obligatory for Israelis from the age of 18 . Men serve three years , women serve two . Some reasons , including religious observance , can be claimed to avoid this . Leibovich said checking Facebook is just one tactic used to uncover false religious claims . Questioning and background checks also are done . But with Facebook , Leibovich said , the military can "  check whether a person is taking photos on Shabbat  the Jewish sabbath  , whether they are wearing something that is not modest or updating their status on Shabbat . " Orthodox Jews are not allowed to use machinery like cameras or computers on the sabbath . The military has also caught draft-dodgers by seeing photos of them in a non-kosher restaurant .	Facebook pages can reveal false claims for a religious exemption from the draft The pages can show people did things on the Sabbath that orthodox Jews would not do Military service is required in Israel , with a few exceptions
EW.com  -- Assuming you 've got two ears and a heart , chances are you loved The Colbert Report 's star-studded "  Get Lucky " dance party video -- which Stephen Colbert debuted after explaining that Daft Punk 's skittish Frenchmen had abruptly canceled a scheduled appearance on his show . But will you still appreciate the video after learning conclusively that it was n't cobbled together in just two days ? If the answer 's "  no , " you might want to close this tab right about now . If "  yes , " read on . Almost immediately after Colbert 's exuberant clip premiered Aug. 6 , Internet naysayers began speculating that Daft Punk 's "  cancellation " was nothing more than an elaborate ruse . Their evidence : The same episode containing the "  Get Lucky " montage also featured Robin Thicke performing his hit "  Blurred Lines , " purportedly in Daft Punk 's place . But according to Billboard , Thicke 's performance was taped July 31 , days before Daft Punk supposedly told Colbert they were out . Pitchfork picked up the story , wondering if the whole segment could have been a publicity stunt meant to promote the duo 's upcoming appearance on the VMAs .  Viacom owns both MTV and Comedy Central . EW : Stephen Colbert Daft Punks us anyway with a star-studded ` Get Lucky ' dance party Colbert addressed the Pitchfork post on his show Aug. 7 , sarcastically "  admitting " that the site was right all along . "  You got me ! " he said , adding that Colbert had flown in "  the disco Decepticons from Paris " just to fool everyone -- and "  to help someone else 's show on another network a month from now . " But that was n't his last word on the subject . During a recent out-of-character guest spot on comedian Paul Mercurio 's podcast , the Comedy Central host admitted that many of the Daft Punk show 's cameos and Robin Thicke 's performance were filmed in advance . He also explained that they had to be -- because while Daft Punk had agreed to an appearance , they were refusing to perform or be interviewed on the show . Colbert offered to accommodate the taciturn musicians by performing a six-minute monologue framed as interview questions . His team also put together a bit in which Daft Punk 's manager would act as interlocutor : "  We had one joke , and I wish we could 've done this joke ... ` Paul , can I ask you -- how do I even know it 's them in the robot outfits ? How do I even know it 's them ? ' And he goes , ` Stephen , if it was n't really them , they 'd be doing the song . ' " EW : Music review - ` Blurred Lines ' Alas , nothing seemed to take ; the "  robots " were n't happy with a script that focused so much on their lack of performance . And as Colbert continued trying to convince Daft Punk to give him something -- anything -- to work with , he also began filming celebrities dancing to "  Get Lucky " as a fallback .  Hearing this should n't be a surprise ; EW noted on Aug. 2 that Colbert had been filming his guests grooving to the song . In the meantime , the show also shot Robin Thicke doing "  Blurred Lines ; " the plan was always to have Thicke "  save the day " after Daft Punk 's silent appearance . And eventually , Daft Punk canceled altogether -- leading to the show that ended up airing .  Fun fact : The dance party footage may have never seen the light of day if Henry Kissinger had n't said "  yes " to Colbert . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Colbert responded to speculation the group 's cancellation was a ruse Several celebs showed up in a "  dance party " video on the show It would n't have happened if Henry Kissinger had n't said "  yes "
CNN  -- The politics of oil and ecology have put President Obama between a rock and hard place , as he faces a decision on whether or not to permit construction of a new pipeline . The squeeze just got tighter with a new , negative environmental assessment . The Keystone XL pipeline will give America energy independence , thousands of jobs , important industrial infrastructure and wo n't cost taxpayers a dime , say proponents . Many of them are Republican lawmakers . It is dangerous , inherently filthy and must be stopped , say opponents , some of whom are Democrats who helped get the president elected . On Monday , the Environmental Protection Agency weighed in on the side of the environmentalists , weeks after the State Department came down on the side of the proponents . The EPA sent a letter to high officials at State , blasting the draft Environmental Impact Statement  DEIS  it published in March that had reflected positively on the pipeline project . The environmental agency rated the DEIS as EO-2 . It stands for "  Environmental Objections-Insufficient Information . " That could be seen as a C - on the EPA 's grading scale . President Obama has promised to decide soon on whether or not to allow the TransCanada oil company to lay the 835 mile long Keystone XL pipeline from Alberta , Canada , to Steele City , Nebraska . While he has contemplated the pros and cons , powerful political forces have aligned on both sides of the argument . Arkansas spill strengthens arguments of Keystone foes Economic pros The Keystone XL would pump 830,000 barrels of oil sands crude per day through America 's heartland , connecting crude producers in Canada with refineries and shipping companies in the United States . TransCanada would cover all the costs , proponents argue , making it practically a gift to the U.S. oil infrastructure . On its way to Nebraska , where it would connect with other , already existing pipelines , Keystone XL would pick up additional oil produced in Montana and North Dakota and stream it south , TransCanada said on its website . It would reduce "  American dependence on oil from Venezuela and the Middle East by up to 40 percent , " TransCanada extols . Dirty air It will produce too many greenhouse gases , the EPA said in its letter , and this needs to be amended , before the project goes forward . The Canadian crude in its raw form is mixed with sand . Extracting the oil and transporting it requires more energy than pumping crude out of a well . Thrusting it through long pipes increases the energy consumption . That higher energy use leads to greater greenhouse gas emissions , an increase of "  18.7 million metric tons  20 million tons  C02 ... per year when compared to an equal amount of U.S. average crudes , " the EPA said . The state department 's assessment concludes that just as much Canadian oil will make it to market , by train if necessary , if no pipeline is built , therefore there would be little additional ecological impact . The EPA argued that "  while informative " that train of thought is out of date . In November : Protestors call on Obama to reject Keystone XL pipeline Nasty spills The agency is also concerned about oil spills , particularly since sands crude is different from conventional crude . It cites a 2010 pipe break in Michigan , which spurted out 20,000 barrels of sands crude . Some of it sank to the bottom of the Kalamazoo River and could not be completely cleaned up in three years ' time , the EPA said . "  Spills of diluted bitumen may require different response actions or equipment , " the letter stated . "  These spills can also have different impacts than spills of conventional oil . " The state department assessment did not address these issues and needs to require TransCanada to do more to monitor for oil leaks into ground water , the EPA criticized . Bitumen is the tar-like oil extracted from the sand . It is thinned with chemicals , so it can be pumped through pipelines . Nebraska beauty State 's assessment represents its second go-round with the Canadian company . It rejected a permit from TransCanada , last year , saying the route through Nebraska was too risky for the state 's Sand Hills Region , a landscape of natural beauty . And it endangered the Ogallala Aquifer , which provides water to farmers and ranchers to raise livestock and grow crops . TransCanada came up with a new route , but the EPA said , it misses the mark . "  The alternative route in Nebraska has avoided most of the impacts to the Sand Hills Region , but still crosses the Ogallala Aquifer , " the agency assessed . In its public reaction Monday , State indicated that the EPA 's criticism was business as usual . It also anticipated public protest . "  The State Department has always anticipated that in preparing a Final Supplemental EIS it would conduct additional analysis and incorporate public comments received on the Draft SEIS , " said press spokesman Patrick Ventrell . The politics Keystone XL opponents have aligned themselves principally behind the greenhouse gas  GHG  issue , as the EPA acknowledged in Monday 's letter to State : "  It is this difference in GHG intensity - between oil sands and other crudes - that is a major focus of the public debate about the climate impacts of oil sands crude . " Obama 's own former deputy press secretary is leading the charge to push the president to stop the pipeline . Bill Burton quit his job before the 2012 election to head up the super PAC Priorities USA , which worked for the president 's reelection . In January , he joined the PR firm Global Strategy Group as an executive vice president . He is now representing a new coalition , "  All Risk , No Reward , " which opposes Keystone XL . It goes after the additional greenhouse gases but also showcases the damage causes by spills to Americans in the heartland . Another group , 350 . org , which wants to bring down carbon dioxide levels in the atmosphere below 350 parts per million , is soliciting letters of protest to the state department . Nebraska 's Republican governor Dave Heineman has approved the project , and Nebraskan congressman Lee Terry has called for the Keystone XL 's construction in a Republican radio address . The pipeline "  is primed to give our economy a shot in the arm and make energy more affordable -- and it wo n't cost the taxpayers a dime , " he argued . Terry spoke a day after an apparent pipeline rupture in the Arkansas town of Mayflower in late March , about 20 miles north of Little Rock . Black torrents of diluted bitumen flowed through the community , forcing the evacuation of 22 homes .	The State Department delivered an assessment positive of the proposed pipeline The EPA gives it a poor grade , says the ecological risks are too high Political forces are aligned for and against the pipeline 's construction The president says he 'll decide on whether or not to allow construction in coming months
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund delivered a devastating blow to Bayer Leverkusen 's title hopes with a 3-1 away victory that extended the German league leaders ' advantage to 13 points . Leverkusen went into the match in second place on goal difference ahead of Mainz , but paid the price for poor second-half defending as Dortmund made the perfect start following the Bundesliga 's mid-winter break . Two goals from Kevin Grosskreutz and another from teenager Mario Gotze gave Jurgen Klopp 's team a ninth victory in 10 away trips and 15 from 18 matches overall , in front of a stunned sellout crowd of 30,210 at the BayArena . "  I have been going to watch Dortmund since 1994 and I know what it 's like to win the league title as a fan on the terraces , " Grosskreutz said of his team 's hopes of a first championship since 2002 . "  I have been dreaming of this since I was a little boy , and I 'd love to hold the cup in my hands . " Dortmund hit the post early in the first half with a header by Sven Bender , but Leverkusen slowly got into the game despite leaving veteran Germany international Michael Ballack on the substitutes ' bench . However , Grosskreutz broke the deadlock four minutes after the break when Leverkusen defender Manuel Friedrich failed to deal with a long throw by Lukasz Piszczek and actually diverted the ball into the midfielder 's path with his arm . Grosskreutz then made it 2-0 in the 53rd minute after Poland striker Robert Lewandowski headed on a long clearance as the home defense was again caught out . The 18-year-old Gotze , who made his international debut for Germany last year , then effectively ended the match two minutes later as he calmly slotted the ball through the legs of Leverkusen keeper Rene Adler for his fifth goal this season after being set free by Grosskreutz . It was Gotze 's last significant contribution as he was replaced by top scorer Lucas Barrios , who forced a fine save from Adler in the 70th minute . Stefan Kiessling finally pulled one back for Leverkusen with 10 minutes to play as he bravely poked in a cross by Renato Augusto before colliding with the goal-post . The striker had another chance soon after , but shot wide as Leverkusen dropped down to third place . In Saturday 's fixtures , Mainz travel to Stuttgart while fifth-placed defending champions Bayern Munich will try to reduce a 17-point deficit on Dortmund with victory at Wolfsburg .	Kevin Grosskreutz scores twice as Borussia Dortmund extend Bundesliga lead He also sets up third goal for Mario Gotze in 3-1 win at Bayer Leverkusen Leverkusen fall 13 points behind and drop to third place on goal difference Dortmund , seeking first German league title since 2002 , have 15 wins from 18 matches
New Delhi  CNN  -- Indian authorities added murder charges Saturday for suspects in the brutal gang rape that led to the death of a 23-year-old woman and sent outraged protesters to the streets . The suspects already faced rape charges . Six people , including a minor and a bus driver , have been arrested in connection with the rape that occurred in New Delhi this month . Throngs of people have protested for days , demanding more protection for women and punishment for those behind the assault . The woman was airlifted to Singapore earlier this week after she was treated for injuries in a New Delhi hospital . Singapore doctors said she died "  peacefully " early Saturday , surrounded by her family and Indian embassy officials . Read more : Doctor : Young woman gang-raped in India dies The woman had been in "  extremely critical condition " since her arrival Thursday and took a turn for the worse , said Dr. Kelvin Loh , chief executive officer at Mount Elizabeth Hospital . "  She had suffered from severe organ failure following serious injuries to her body and brain , " Loh said . "  She was courageous in fighting for her life for so long against the odds , but the trauma to her body was too severe for her to overcome . " The victim 's body was returned to India , where it was cremated Sunday in a private funeral , Home Ministry spokesman K.S. Dhatwalia said . The U.S. Embassy in New Delhi expressed its condolences Saturday . "  As we honor the memory of this brave young woman , we also recommit ourselves to changing attitudes and ending all forms of gender-based violence , which plagues every country in the world . " Authorities have not released the name of the woman , but Indian protesters are calling her Damini , which means "  lightning " in Hindi . Read more : Indian prime minister calls for calm after violence erupts during anti-rape rallies "  Damini " is also a 1993 Bollywood film whose lead female character fights for a housemaid , a victim of sexual assault . The Times of India calls her Nirbhaya , which means "  fearless . " Susan Rice , U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , wrote on Twitter , "  To our friends in India : we share your outrage over an act of unimaginable cruelty against one of our sisters . RIP Nirbhaya . " Read more : Misogyny in India : We are all guilty India 's ambassador to Singapore said the victim 's relatives , who are Hindus and live in New Delhi , have asked for privacy . Attackers assaulted the woman and her male companion on a bus December 16 , robbing them of their belongings before dumping them at the side of a road , police said . The male companion was eventually discharged from a hospital . Last week , police said the woman recovered enough to give a statement to a magistrate from her hospital bed . But she had more surgery to wash out infection in her abdomen , her doctors said . The death spurred an outpouring of sadness and calls for action to ensure change and punishment of her rapists . Read more : New Delhi rape exposes the perils of being a woman in India Fearing massive protests following the death , police tightened security in the capital and barricaded some sites of previous rallies . Authorities said demonstrations are only allowed at Jantar Mantar observatory and the Ram Lila grounds . Police banned protests in Raisina Hills and closed roads leading to the area , fearing a possible repeat of the furious , large-scale demonstrations that occurred last weekend . Ten metro stations also were ordered closed , authorities said . Additional protests were planned Sunday in several cities , activists told CNN affiliate IBN . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh offered his "  deepest condolences . " "  We have already seen the emotions and energies this incident has generated , " he said , referring to the widespread protests . "  It would be a true homage to her memory if we are able to channel ... these emotions and energies into a constructive course of action . " Read more : Opinion : India 's rape problem needs a rewiring of society 's attitude Reported rape cases in India -- where a cultural stigma keeps many victims from reporting the crime -- have increased drastically over the past four decades , from 2,487 in 1971 to 24,206 in 2011 , according to official figures . New Delhi alone had 572 rapes reported last year and more than 600 in 2012 . One such recent case involved a 17-year-old girl who said she was gang-raped during the Hindu festival of Diwali on November 13 . A formal case was n't registered by police until 14 days later . The girl committed suicide Wednesday by ingesting poison , according to authorities in the Patiala district of Punjab , in northern India . In her suicide note , she blamed her alleged rapists . Three suspects -- including a female accomplice -- have been arrested . Most women in India have stories of sexual harassment and abuse on public transportation , on the streets and elsewhere , said Seema Sirohi of the Indian Council on Global Relations . "  There are a lot of reasons why this happens , but the patriarchal system is one , a lack of policing is another and general treatment of women is not equal to men , even though it may be so under the law , " Sirohi said . Human Rights Watch said the gang rape highlights the widespread problem of sexual violence in India . "  The government needs to act now to prevent sexual assault , aggressively investigate and prosecute perpetrators , and ensure the dignified treatment of survivors , " said Meenakshi Ganguly , South Asia director for the organization . The Indian government announced plans Thursday to "  name and shame " convicted rapists by posting their names , images and addresses on official websites , according to the Times of India . And the Cabinet plans to set up a commission to look into rape cases and suggest measures to improve women 's safety . This group has three months to submit its report to the government . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report from Atlanta .	Victim 's body returned to India , cremated U.S. Embassy offers its condolences Gang rape of a 23-year-old in New Delhi galvanizes the nation Human Rights Watch says India has a widespread problem of sexual violence
CNN  -- We who work to promote human rights operate in the realm of treaties , rule of law , and state responsibility . These are benchmarks of accountability that presume our world civilization has moved well beyond the horrors of the past : From the Biblical destruction of the Amalekites through Genghis Khan and the Crusades to the gas warfare of World War I . Such atrocities may have continued well into the 20th century with the Nazi Holocaust and Khmer Rouge , but the Nuremberg trials , the development of international humanitarian law and human rights conventions , and the establishment of international criminal courts signaled that justice for the worst crimes was possible . So we are dumbstruck when we confront the blatant and self-advertised brutality occurring in the parts of Iraq and Syria that have fallen under the control of the so-called Islamic State . There , the members of this group make no effort to hide their atrocities or even to make them look less atrocious . To the contrary , they advertise it and appear to relish their primitivism , showing a degree of sophistication only in their use of video technology and social media to document and disseminate evidence of their crimes . One of the key tools of the human rights trade is "  naming and shaming , " by which we seek to expose wrongdoers to the opprobrium their crimes deserve , and ensure accountability . We have better and more fine-tuned instruments at our disposal now than ever before to investigate and document rights abuses , as well as more comprehensive legal mechanisms for holding accountable those who commit crimes against humanity and other serious violations . But what if those wrongdoers know no shame ? What if they are proud of their deeds , seeing them in some manner as an expression of God 's will and not beholden to human law , even law that is universal in scope and application ? The fundamental challenge to our understanding of human rights abuse and how to counter such abuses is exemplified in the handful of accounts of Yezidis who survived the massacre in northern Iraq . From his hospital bed in Dohuk , one survivor with bullet wounds in his legs and pelvis recounted , "  First they wanted us all to convert to Islam and we said yes just to save our lives . " Then , he said , "  They started shooting at us randomly . " He estimated that Islamic State militants massacred about 80 men and kidnapped the women and girls . The mind-set of the attackers seems to have been to eradicate the Yezidis ' most fundamental thoughts -- their religious beliefs -- and doubting the genuineness of their forced conversion , to eliminate them . As human rights activists , we feel despair at the extraordinary savagery of ISIS -- not just against executed journalist James Foley , but against hundreds of thousands of Shia , ethnic and religious minorities , and other Iraqi and Syrian civilians . We are humbled by the challenge of restoring humanity to the conflicts that roil so much of the Mideast . We recognize that our work , whether it be laying the groundwork for future indictments or seeking secure and dignified asylum for the displaced , in the short term at least , will be limited . We realize that only political action at the highest levels has the capacity to prevent mass killings . Precisely because of the extreme brutality and the deep political , cultural , and sectarian polarization , the universal values of human rights have never been so important . And even if the perpetrators are beyond shaming , the moral imperative to name names has never been greater .	Bill Frelick : Human rights workers operate amid laws that keep wrongdoers accountable He says ISIS confounds "  naming and shaming " tool ; it is proud of its brutality ` in name of God ' He says rights workers despair at ISIS savagery , face challenge of restoring humanity to conflicts Frelick : Only political action at the highest levels has the capacity to prevent mass killings
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Authorities in North Carolina ordered the evacuation of Ocracoke Island late on Tuesday as Hurricane Earl whips closer to the United States . The mandatory order , which was issued for all visitors and residents of Ocracoke , goes into effect at 5 a.m. on Wednesday , said Lindsey Mooney , interim emergency management coordinator with Hyde County Emergency Management . He added thousands of people would likely be affected by the decision . Hurricane Earl is approaching the United States just ahead of Labor Day , a holiday weekend that many families spend at the beach . The National Hurricane Center issued a hurricane watch for most of the North Carolina coast , from Surf City , North Carolina , to the state 's northern border with Virginia , including the Pamlico and Albemarle Sounds . It called Hurricane Earl "  large and intense . " Earl , which quickly morphed into a Category 4 hurricane on Monday , dealt a glancing blow to Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , downing trees and knocking out power lines . Tuesday , the hurricane was passing the Turks and Caicos . Earl will approach within 60 miles of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , early Friday morning , according to CNN meteorologist Sean Morris . Hurricane-force winds will be possible along the Outer Banks of North Carolina beginning early on Friday morning and lasting until at least midday , he said . Morris forecast Earl will pass within 60 miles of Nantucket , Massachusetts , as a strong Category 1 or Category 2 hurricane overnight Friday . However , sustained hurricane-force winds should not affect coastal Massachusetts as the majority of winds will be tropical-storm force beginning Friday afternoon and lasting until midday on Saturday , he said . As of 8 p.m. ET , the center of Earl was about 125 miles  235 kilometers  east-northeast of Grand Turk Island and about 835 miles  1,545 kilometers  south-southeast of Cape Hatteras , North Carolina , according to the National Hurricane Center . It was heading northwest at about 14 mph  22 kph  . The hurricane 's core was "  passing well east of the Turks and Caicos Islands , " the hurricane center said . "  Tropical storm conditions are probably affecting the vicinity of the Turks and Caicos Islands . Weather conditions will likely improve in these islands on Wednesday . " Earl 's maximum sustained winds are at 135 mph  215 kph  . It is a large storm , with hurricane-force winds stretching 90 miles  150 km  from its center and tropical storm-force winds extending outward some 200 miles  325 kilometers  . "  Some fluctuations in intensity are likely , but Earl is forecast to retain Category 4 status for the next day or two , " the hurricane center said . The U.S. Navy in Norfolk , Virginia , has ordered ships in its area to prepare to head to sea within 24 hours if conditions worsen , according to Beth Baker , a spokeswoman for the Navy . A separate order will be given if it 's decided that various Naval aircraft in the region need to be moved , she said . The Navy also issued on Tuesday a "  Hurricane Condition 4 , " which tells people living and working around the Norfolk area to be prepared for "  destructive winds " within 72 hours and to take the proper precautions . A FEMA team is already in North Carolina to provide support if necessary , Craig Fugate , Federal Emergency Management Agency administrator , told reporters on a conference call . Additional teams have been designated for each state on the coast if needed . He urged those living in the region to prepare for the storm , stock up on supplies and have a plan if it becomes necessary . Besides FEMA 's Ready.gov website , people can use FEMA 's mobile application , which links to the National Hurricane Center , to stay up to date on information . Tips include developing a family communications plan , putting together a kit with 72 hours of food and water and staying informed of risks in the area . FEMA officials urged residents to heed any evacuation orders that their state and local governments might make . The federal group stressed it does not make evacuation decisions . Even without making landfall , hurricanes can trigger dangerous rip currents -- a narrow channel of water that flows seaward from beaches . The currents can be strong enough to carry even experienced swimmers into deeper water . On Tuesday , a National Weather Service coastal advisory was in effect for the eastern coast of Florida , mostly due to Earl 's presence in the Caribbean . The advisory warned that dangerous rip currents and rough surf are possible . "  Dozens of rescues along with one surf-related fatality were reported over the past few days in very hazardous ocean conditions , " the advisory said . Over the weekend , hundreds of rescues took place in Maryland and elsewhere because of rip currents spawned by then-Hurricane Danielle , which stayed well offshore . Danielle has since lost its tropical characteristics and moved out into the open Atlantic . A tropical storm warning remained in effect for the Turks and Caicos Islands , and a tropical storm watch was in effect for the southeastern Bahamas . Those areas could experience above-normal tides , along with "  large and dangerous battering waves " on Tuesday , forecasters said . A tropical storm watch is also in effect for the North Carolina coast between Cape Fear , North Carolina and Surf City , North Carolina , the hurricane center said . Earl could dump between 1 and 3 inches of rain on the Turks and Caicos and the Bahamas , with up to 6 inches possible in some areas , the hurricane center said . But forecasters said conditions on Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , including gusty winds , were expected to improve as Earl departed , and storm surge flooding and waves will diminish . "  We were quite fortunate because there was no direct hit in this case , " Puerto Rico Gov. Luis Fortuno told CNN 's "  American Morning . " But , he said , the island experienced "  lots of rain " and some high winds . As of Tuesday morning , 174,000 customers were without power , he said , and 33,000 lacked water service . "  There are some roads that are blocked because trees have fallen , " Fortuno said . "  Those are being removed as we speak , and hopefully we 'll be able to get back to normal during the course of the day and tomorrow will be a regular working day . " Tito Hernandez , FEMA federal coordinating official , told reporters Tuesday that close to 200,000 were without power on Puerto Rico , and officials were focusing on restoration . About 160 people spent Monday night in 18 shelters on the island , he said , and 57 people took refuge in four shelters in the U.S. Virgin Islands . However , both locations "  fared very well , " Hernandez said . Schools were expected to reopen Wednesday , he said . Transportation from Puerto Rico to the outlying islands of Culebra and Vieques had resumed , and ports in the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico were reopening Tuesday . A CNN iReport showed sheets of torrential rain on Puerto Rico , along with gusty winds . Other iReports showed downed trees and flooding on Montserrat and St. John in the Virgin Islands . Residents were being asked to stay home so that downed trees and power lines could be removed , Fortuno said . Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands could see an additional 1 to 2 inches of rain as Earl pulls away , the Hurricane Center said on Tuesday . Another storm could be poised to deliver a one-two punch to Puerto Rico and other areas of the Caribbean . Tropical Storm Fiona developed on Monday and appeared to be following in Earl 's footsteps . It remained a weak tropical storm as of Tuesday , the Hurricane Center said . However , it was enough to prompt a tropical storm warning for St. Martin and St. Barthelemy and a tropical storm watch for Antigua , Barbuda , Montserrat , St. Kitts , Nevis , Anguilla , St. Maarten , Saba and St. Eustatius . A tropical storm warning means that tropical storm conditions , including winds of at least 39 mph , are forecast within 36 hours . A tropical storm watch means that tropical storm conditions are possible within 48 hours . Read said Fiona is not projected to affect Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands , but could affect Bermuda by the weekend . "  Interests elsewhere in the northern Leeward Islands should monitor the progress of Fiona , " forecasters said . "  Additional watches or warnings may be required for a portion of the area . " As of 8 p.m. , the center of Fiona was located about 300 miles  485 kilometers  east-southeast of the Leeward Islands . It had winds of about 40 mph  65 kph  and was moving west-northwest at about 24 mph  39 kph  . Some slow strengthening is possible over the next day or two , forecasters said . "  We are following what the National Weather Service is telling us " on Fiona , Fortuno told CNN . "  They 're telling us that it is not as organized as Earl . However , it could bring about some rain , and that 's what concerns me . So we 'll just keep a very close eye on it and see what happens . " CNN 's Angela Fritz and Sean C. Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Authorities order the evacuation of Ocracoke Island The hurricane center issues a hurricane watch for most of the North Carolina coast Earl is passing east of the Turks and Caicos Islands Earl is a Category 4 hurricane with 135 mph  215 kph  winds
Washington  CNN  The Federal Aviation Administration will announce long awaited rules Sunday governing how Unmanned Aerial Vehicles , often called drones , will be legally allowed to fly in the United States for business purposes . Currently , all commercial remote controlled aircraft are banned , unless a specific , rare exception is obtained from the FAA and operators follow a lengthy list of rules . Only a handful of those exemptions have been granted since the first was awarded to energy giant BP and UAV manufacturer AeroVironment in June for aerial surveys in Alaska . "  These surveys on Alaska 's North Slope are another important step toward broader commercial use of unmanned aircraft , " Transportation Secretary Anthony Foxx said in a news release at the time . "  The technology is quickly changing , and the opportunities are growing . " Foxx and FAA Administrator Michael Huerta will announce the new rules during a conference call for reporters . One of the most significant challenges facing regulators is how to keep the small drones away from larger aircraft with people on board . There have been several close calls where pilots of commercial planes came within feet of UAVs . "  We saw a drone , a drone aircraft , " an Alitalia pilot radioed in March as he came in for a landing at JFK airport in New York . The UAV came within 200 feet of the jetliner as it was flying at 1,750 feet , three miles from the runway , according to the FBI . It 's unclear how complicated the new requirements for commercial drone use will be . The FAA would not provide details Saturday evening . An apparently prematurely-posted FAA document led some drone advocates to believe they will be less burdensome than what is now required of the few operators who received exemptions . On January 5 , Douglas Trudeau became the first realtor to obtain an FAA exception to fly a drone to shoot video of houses for sale , but he was required to follow 33 detailed restrictions laid out in a 26 page letter . To legally fly his UAV , Trudeau must have a regular pilots license , pass an aviation medical check , be assisted by a spotter , request permission two days in advance , and limit flights to less than 35 mph and below 300 feet .	One major challenges is how to keep the small drones away from larger aircraft There have been some close calls where pilots of commercial planes came within feet of UAVs
CNN  -- Courtesy of the U.S. government shutdown , Chinese President Xi Jinping finds himself in the box seat at his first Asia Pacific Economic Cooperation  APEC  forum as leader of the world 's second largest economy . Usually the United States makes the running at the annual APEC get-together of China , the U.S. , Russia , Japan and 17 other Asia-Pacific economies that between them account for half the world 's output , 45 % of its trade and 3 billion of its inhabitants . But U.S. President Barack Obama 's decision to pull out of the APEC forum and leaders ' retreat in Bali , Indonesia this week because of a domestic political brawl leaves Xi and Russian President Vladimir Putin as the two most powerful men in attendance . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry now leads the U.S. delegation to Indonesia for APEC and to the East Asia summit and U.S.-ASEAN meetings that follow in Brunei starting Wednesday . Obama 's cancellation was no surprise . He had already trimmed Malaysia and the Philippines from his Asia itinerary because of the failure of the U.S. Congress to pass a new budget . The possibility that the U.S. government shutdown could escalate into the almost-unthinkable disaster of a debt default later this month prompted him to drop the visit entirely . As Obama warned the world in remarks in Rockville , Maryland Thursday , "  As reckless as a government shutdown is , ... an economic shutdown that results from default would be dramatically worse . " Obama 's comments have been dismissed by his Republican opponents as scare tactics , but the world economy can do without this sort of drama . As Putin said after the G20 summit in St. Petersburg , Russia , last month , the global economy is doing better than it was five years ago , "  but the risks are still very high . " Obama was scheduled to speak Monday , the last day of the APEC forum before the leaders ' retreat on Tuesday , on a theme that now seems particularly pertinent -- "  America 's leadership and priorities : What they mean for the world . " Obama 's 2010 "  pivot to Asia " policy was supposed to enmesh the U.S. ever more deeply into the region , as a counterweight to the rapidly growing influence of China . But he cancelled trips to Asia in 2010 because of domestic pressures , and in 2012 declined an invitation to attend the APEC forum in Vladivostok because of the timing of the Democratic convention . His cancellation statement on Thursday showed his frustration at another domestic issue getting in the way of his Asia-Pacific aspirations : "  This completely avoidable shutdown is setting back our ability to create jobs through promotion of U.S. exports and advance U.S. leadership and interests in the largest emerging region in the world . " Obama 's withdrawal is a gift for Putin and Xi . Putin , who was scheduled to follow Obama on the APEC speaking agenda , has as his conversation theme the evocative "  Taking another look at the Asia Pacific : Where are the new opportunities for growth ? " Xi is APEC 's final speaker and will deliver a keynote address entitled "  China in transition : What can the Asia Pacific expect ? " China 's economy may have slowed a little in 2013 and its structural employment , environmental and social issues present big challenges ahead , but it remains very much the regional engine of growth and its Asian neighbors know their prosperity is intimately linked to what happens in China . The U.S. , of course , has enormous commercial advantages as a consequence of its recent shale gas energy revolution , but the current political impasse is putting stress on its reputation , and a debt default -- however unlikely it may be -- would be an enormous setback . With Obama out of the APEC picture , Kerry is doing the heavy lifting in discussions with Xi , Putin and other key leaders such as Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe and Indonesian host President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono . In particular , Kerry is pushing the Trans-Pacific Partnership  TPP  trade negotiations that have the ultimate objective of creating a free trade pact for Asia-Pacific nations . Twelve countries are in the TPP talks -- Australia , Brunei , Canada , Chile , Japan  which entered in July this year  , Malaysia , Mexico , New Zealand , Peru , Singapore , the United States and Vietnam . Although some observers see the TPP as an U.S.-promoted exclusionary device aimed at China , Xi has already welcomed the "  mushrooming " of regional free trade agreements  FTAs  as a "  positive sign . " In remarks released by his office last week , Xi referred to a Chinese saying , "  the ocean is vast because it admits hundreds of rivers , " and said China supported the process of Asia-Pacific economic integration with an "  open attitude . " But , he said , "  at the same time , we believe that in developing FTAs , the parties should cherish the principles of openness , inclusiveness and transparency and , in particular , demonstrate flexibility for economies at different development stages , so as to offer more options for integration . " There is an expectation on the Chinese side that it will be a TPP member within three or four years , though issues such as restrictions on internet access remain a potential stumbling block . When Xi and Obama met on the sidelines of the G20 summit in St. Petersburg last month , the focus was on Syria , greenhouse gases , global economic growth , job creation and investment . In part , it was a continuation of their informal discussions in California in June this year , when Xi made it clear that he wanted to work with Obama on building what he called a "  new model of a major country relationship . " For Xi , APEC would have been another opportunity to talk to Obama about rebalancing the U.S.-China relationship , to give due weight to what Xi regards as China 's role as a world power not just economically , but in strategic terms as well . Instead , he has more time this week to talk with Putin about the growing Sino-Russia relationship and with other Asia-Pacific leaders on regional free trade agreements , economic integration , expanded investment co-operation and sustainable long-term growth .	Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin speak at APEC Monday U.S. President Barack Obama canceled his trip to Asia to deal with the U.S. shutdown Comes as U.S. trying to pivot foreign policy strategy to be a bigger player in Asia Hiscock : Obama 's withdrawal is a gift for Putin and Xi , as they steal the limelight
CNN  -- What a difference 24 hours makes . Jack Trammell unanimously won the Democratic nomination for Virginia 's 7th Congressional District seat at the party convention last weekend . That 's because no one else wanted to run against Rep. Eric Cantor , the second most powerful Republican in the House . But after Cantor 's shocking defeat in his primary Tuesday against political novice Dave Brat , Trammell 's candidacy has a whole new meaning . Democrats have a bit more hope in this Republican district , now that the upstart Democrat is up against an upstart Republican -- both of whom are professors at the same college . "  Now it 's going to be a grass-roots race to get out their base , " Ashley Bauman , press secretary for the Virginia Democratic Party , said . Trammell is not your average politician . He works a small family farm , where he lives with his wife and seven children . He teaches disability studies and is director of Disability Support Services at Randolph-Macon College , a small liberal arts school outside Richmond that has just over 1,000 students . He is a prolific writer , author of more than 20 books , both fact and fiction , including a children 's book . His latest tome is about the Virginia slave trade and he is currently writing a novel about vampires . A Civil War buff , he has also written dozens of columns on the Civil War for the Washington Times . While his bio says he worked for Bill Clinton 's presidential campaigns in Kentucky , he is a political amateur . His online political presence is minimal . His Twitter account is brand new and has two tweets . His campaign Facebook page was built Monday , after he won the Democratic nomination . On the page he received advice from supporters , suggesting he build a campaign website and include a "  donate now " button . Others suggested he lose his facial hair . By the morning after Cantor 's defeat , Trammell heeded the advice of his supporters . He was able to put up a campaign website , which is still sparsely populated and only includes a three-paragraph bio , an e-mail signup to get involved , and that essential button for contributions . The Democratic Party is shielding Trammell from the press for now , intercepting his media requests and offering surrogates instead . The academic has a lot to learn and not a lot of time . But his statement after the Republican primary results indicates he 's a fast learner , as it echoed the message of national Democrats . "  I am running because I believe Virginians are hungry for a radical change from the dysfunctional and reckless politics being practiced by those in Congress -- and the results of tonight 's primary election are the proof , " he said in a statement after Brat 's insurgent victory . The 7th District is very conservative , with the Cook Political Report maintaining its political rating as solid Republican . But with two political novice college professors running against each other , anything could be possible . With Brat 's victory , the impossible has already happened once in this district . Eric Cantor loses primary in big upset ; Lindsey Graham avoids runoff Cantor ` earthquake ' rattles Capitol Hill Opinion : Who said the tea party was dead ?	Jack Trammell is the Democratic challenger in Virginia 's 7th District He is a college professor from Randolph-Macon college He has never run for office but has written 21 books The district is solidly Republican but Cantor 's defeat shook the district
CNN  -- Twelve former students now face manslaughter charges in the November 2011 hazing death of Florida A&M University drum major Robert Champion Jr. , attorneys familiar with the case said Monday . Ten of them were previously charged with felony hazing resulting in death . They and two new defendants will now also be charged with manslaughter , said Craig Brown , the attorney for one of the students . State Attorney Jeff Ashton "  thought the proper charges in the case would be manslaughter and hazing with death , " explained Assistant State Attorney Nicole Pegues in an e-mail sent to the defendants ' attorneys . Brown 's client , Aaron Golson , was among those charged with third-degree felony hazing . He now also faces a manslaughter charge , according to Brown . FAMU pledges reforms after report on hazing "  I really find this to be a tactic by the state to pressure all of the defendants into some sort of prison time , " Brown told CNN . "  Clearly a manslaughter charge could have been brought about initially . " The defendants face a maximum of 15 years in prison with the charge , if convicted , Brown said . He expects the next hearing to be in September . Champion , 26 , died after a band hazing ritual in which he was beaten aboard a school bus after a football game in Orlando , Florida . The initiation requires pledges to run down the center of the bus while being punched , kicked and assaulted by senior members , band members have said . A medical examiner ruled Champion 's death a homicide and said he died within an hour of being beaten . Champion suffered multiple blunt trauma blows , the medical examiner said . Accrediting group puts FAMU on probation The lawyer for Champion 's parents said Monday they feel the manslaughter charge is appropriate . "  Robert Champion was n't injured by hazing , he was killed by hazing , " attorney Christopher Chestnut told CNN . "  The family is encouraged by ... that  and feels  this is the right message and hopes that this is the right message regarding hazing . " One student who was involved in Champion 's death was convicted in October of felony hazing resulting in death . Bryan Jones pleaded no contest and was sentenced to six months of community control , two years of supervised probation and 200 hours of community service . Florida A&M was put on a one-year probation in December for its handling of the incident , and the famed band was suspended for the 2012-13 school year . The school has said it is making reforms to address the problem of hazing both on and off campus , including requiring students to sign an anti-hazing pledge . The school 's band , known as the Marching 100 , is one of the top university marching bands in the United States , famed for its elaborate dance formations and innovative style incorporating popular music . Parents of Robert Champion blast FAMU stance Read more news on CNN.com CNN 's Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : Champion 's parents say the manslaughter charge is appropriate 12 defendants now face manslaughter and felony hazing Drum major Robert Champion died after a hazing ritual in 2011 The defendants face a maximum of 15 years in prison
CNN  -- Man-made climate change threatens to stress water resources , challenge crops and livestock , raise sea levels and adversely affect human health , according to a report released by the Obama administration on Tuesday . Farmers and workers in central California are suffering through the third year of a worsening drought . The nearly 200-page document on global climate change -- released by the White House science adviser and mandated by Congress -- does not include new research , but encompasses several recent studies on the effects of global warming over the last half century . Among the report 's key findings are an "  unequivocal and primarily human-induced " rise in the Earth 's temperature of 2 degrees Fahrenheit over the last 50 years , and a projection of more rapidly changing temperatures over the next several decades . "  It 's not just a problem for the future , " said Jane Lubchenco , administrator of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . "  We 're beginning to see the impact on our daily lives . " The continuing temperature rise is likely to spur a series of negative consequences for the Earth 's energy supply , water , transportation , ecosystems and health , the study said . " -LSB- The report -RSB- tells us why remedial action is needed sooner rather than later , as well as showing why that action must include both global emissions reductions to reduce the extent of climate change and local adaptation measures to reduce the damage from the changes that are no longer avoidable , " said John P. Holdren , the White House science adviser . Among the study 's specific predictions : Longer and more intense heat waves ; increased heavy downpours likely to cause widespread complications such as flooding and waterborne diseases ; reduced summer runoff , creating greater competition for water , especially in the West ; rising ocean water temperatures that will threaten coral reefs ; an increase in wildfires and insect infestations ; and more frequent coastal flooding caused by rising seas . The report is the first in almost a decade to break down impacts of climate change on regions and economic sectors of the United States . For example , warming trends in coming decades are expected to reduce the lobster catch in the waters of the Northeast , increase the intensity of hurricanes in the Southeast and accelerate drought in the Southwest , it said . Authors of the comprehensive report said they hope it can serve as a valuable tool for policymakers and other Americans , such as farmers making crop decisions or local governments passing zoning restrictions in coastal areas . The report comes as Congress debates a White House-backed climate change bill that seeks to reduce the United State 's greenhouse gas emissions 17 percent by 2020 and 83 percent by 2050 through a so-called "  cap and trade " program . The bill cleared a key House committee vote in May and could be considered by the entire chamber within the next two weeks , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Tuesday . The bill 's future remains unclear in the Senate , where leaders are holding off advancing their own version of the legislation until it clears the lower chamber .	Man-made climate change is adversely affecting the U.S. , says a federal report Report : Changes will stress water resources , challenge crops and raise sea levels Document is released by White House science adviser and mandated by Congress Report 's predictions : Hotter heat waves , more flooding and an increase in wildfires
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Manchester United fans all around the world will be eagerly scouring for transfer news and gossip over the possible arrival of new players during the close season . Manchester United striker Wayne Rooney sports the club 's new kit for the forthcoming season But just as important to many supporters over the break will be being among the first to get their hands on the club 's new kit . The English Premier League champions have just launched a new home kit for the forthcoming season which pays homage to their 100th year playing at their Old Trafford stadium . United 's new shirt features a large chevron across the chest , which echoes the same pattern United wore on their shirts during the 1909/10 season when Old Trafford first opened . What do you think of the new kits launched by Manchester United and Chelsea ? How do they compare to other shirts ? Add your comments to the ` Sound off ' box below . Red Devils defender Rio Ferdinand revealed the players are just as excited as the fans when it comes to wearing the latest club uniform . He said : "  You feel very proud every time you put the United kit on . When I first signed that was the thing I was most looking forward to -- putting it on and seeing how it felt . I was like an excited kid ! I 'm sure we 'll all be buzzing when we run out in the new kits next season . " Ji-Sung Park hopes the chevron design will help inspire the players to reach new heights in the forthcoming season and added : "  I like to think of it as ` V ' for victory and hopefully we can win every game we play in the new kits ! " See our photo gallery of the good , the bad , and the ugly of football shirts throughout the years . " Although United fans are not quite as lucky as Ferdinand and Park and will have to wait until July 16 before they will be able to proudly show their colors . FA Cup winners Chelsea also have a smart new home kit which features a gladiator-style breast plate design and draws inspiration from looks that have graced the Kings Road over the years , especially seen in the ergonomically fitted shape and crew collar . The new shirt , which is on sale now , certainly meets the approval of Chelsea winger Salomon Kalou who told the club 's Web site : "  The new kit is nice , so now let 's see what happens in it during the new season . " Of course , football kits are not just a way of visually separating two teams on a playing field ; they are increasingly an important part of a club 's commercial operations . The world-record transfer of Cristiano Ronaldo to Real Madrid could be worth up to $ 75m a season in revenue to the Spanish giants , according to research commissioned by Weber Shandwick Sport with one of the world 's leading sport business experts . Speaking on behalf of Weber Shandwick Sport , Professor Simon Chadwick , Director of the Centre for the International Business of Sport  CIBS  at Coventry University , suggests that with Kaka already moving to the Bernabéu , Real Madrid could benefit from $ 175m a year in additional revenue generated by the two stars . He said : "  Ronaldo can be viewed in the same bracket as David Beckham when it comes to global commercial impact , if their image is controlled right and Real Madrid improve their results in the UEFA Champions League as a result of their arrival . "  Becks sold a million shirts in his first six months at Real Madrid when he was just one of several ` galacticos ' turning out for the all-whites , alongside the likes of Zinedine Zidane , Raul and the Brazilian Ronaldo . "  Even if Real signed one or two of the other stars , there would be a real focus on Cristiano Ronaldo 's and Kaka talents on the pitch , but also their brand off it . That will pay for their transfers several times over , even with a bumper salary package . " Dan Jones , partner in the Sport Business group at accountancy firm Deloitte , told CNN that shirt revenues were not massive , but they were still important in taking the club 's brand around the globe . Jones said shirt sales are dominated by the biggest clubs and figures would "  closely mirror " the top of the "  Football Money League " rich-list which would Real Madrid and Manchester United as the two biggest shirt-sellers worldwide . The outlook for sales for the forthcoming season might not be as profitable as previous years though as the global economic situations impacts on the spending power of the average fan . The "  Football Fans ' Inflation Index " released earlier this year by Virgin Money has showed large increases in the cost of an average game day for fans which could result in a drop in kit sales . Malcolm Clarke , chairman of the Football Supporters Federation in England , added : "  It will not be surprising if sales of replica shirts suffer as a result of the recession . The bottom line for fans is that you need a ticket to get into the game but you do n't need a replica shirt , and when money 's tight , it 's the non-essentials which will go . "	Manchester United and Chelsea reveal kits for the forthcoming campaign The sale of shirts can be a big source of revenue for many football clubs Some shirts have been good , others bad and some downright ugly
London  CNN  -- A bank trader accused of fraud in connection with a $ 2.3 billion loss in unauthorized trading reported by Swiss giant UBS is "  sorry beyond words , " his lawyer said Thursday . Kwaku Adoboli was remanded in custody until October 20 by the City of London Magistrates ' Court . In a statement to the court , lawyer Patrick Gibbs said his client was "  sorry beyond words for what happened here . " His client "  went to UBS himself , " the lawyer said . Adoboli faces a charge of fraud by abuse of position between January and September 2011 , causing losses in excess of $ 1.5 billion , and two counts of false accounting . A new charge of fraud by abuse of position from October 2008 to October 2010 was also added Thursday . Adoboli 's legal team has not applied for bail and he has not yet entered a plea on the charges . The 31-year-old was first charged Friday , a day after he was arrested in connection with the discovery of unauthorized deals at UBS . The Financial Services Authority , the Serious Fraud Office and the Crown Prosecution Service are also involved in investigating the case . UBS said no client positions were affected by its $ 2.3 billion loss . But the "  unauthorized trading by a trader in its investment bank " could cause UBS to post a loss in the third quarter of this year , it said . The loss would potentially be among the largest ever to a bank in unauthorized trading . CNN 's Erin McLaughlin contributed to this report .	Kwaku Adoboli faces four charges involving fraud and false accounting The trader at Swiss bank UBS was arrested last week UBS says it has lost $ 2.3 billion in unauthorized trading Adoboli has not yet entered a plea to the charges
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate was called to order for 11 seconds on Wednesday as the last political scuffle of the year between the White House and the Democratic-led Congress played out . Democratic senators will hold short "  pro forma " sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments . Nearly all the senators left the Capitol for the Christmas holiday last week , but Democrats are keeping the Senate in session to block President Bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president , during congressional recesses , to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation . Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , opened and then immediately gaveled the Senate session to a close . He spent 57 seconds in the chamber . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , announced December 19 that he would keep the Senate open with a series of "  pro forma " sessions through mid-January . Talks had just broken down with the White House on a deal that would have allowed the president to make dozens of those appointments if he agreed not to appoint one controversial official , Steven Bradbury , as the permanent head of the influential Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department . Bush declined to accept the Democrats ' offer , and Reid refused to approve Bradbury because of concerns about his involvement in crafting legal opinions for the administration on interrogation techniques of terrorism suspects . Similar sessions were conducted over the Thanksgiving recess . Webb also did the duty Friday , but he wo n't be the only senator tasked with presiding over the shortened sessions . Other Democrats -- including Sens. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts , Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , Jack Reed of Rhode Island , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Ben Cardin of Maryland and Chuck Schumer of New York -- will share the duty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett and Vandana Kilaru contributed to this report	Democratic senators will hold short "  pro forma " sessions over the holiday break Sessions usually under one minute long Move prevents President Bush from making recess appointments Bush refused to withdraw one controversial nominee after Democratic offer
CNN  -- The U.S. State Department is countering Russian criticism of how American authorities are handling of case of a 3-year-old adopted boy who died in Texas . "  What is very troubling about this case is that the Russians are making very wild accusations against the  adoptive  parents before they have information , " a senior State Department official told CNN . "  I think it is irresponsible of the Russians to say the parents did x , y or z before we find out what happened . In West Texas , the Ector County Medical Examiner 's Office is investigating because of the "  suspicious " nature of the boy 's death , investigator Kim Harrington said . Russian officials Tuesday met with the boy 's unnamed adoptive parents and his surviving brother , also adopted from Russia , after the State Department coordinated the session through Texas Child Protective Services . U.S. officials said . Meanwhile , a Russian governor halted the foreign adoption of orphans in his region after the boy 's death . "  If we know the facts and they are as the Russians claimed , they have every right to be upset just as we would be upset if an American child was adopted in Russia and the same thing happened . But there should n't be a rush to judgment when these parents might be in terrible pain over what happened to their son , " said the State Department official , who requested anonymity to speak candidly about the sensitive issue . The case of the 3-year-old 's death has aggravated State Department efforts push through more than 500 adoption cases in which American families have already begun the process to adopt a Russian child before Moscow in December passed a law banning adoptions of Russian children by Americans . That pending law would ban adoptions by Americans ostensibly because of documented cases of abuse by adoptive parents . But others say the Russian move is in retaliation for a U.S. law that places restrictions on Russian human rights abusers . "  This is a very difficult case for us and the timing could n't be worse , " the State Department official said . "  We are trying to revolve the rest of these cases , but having a case like this makes it more difficult . " Officials said , including the death in Texas , 20 of about 60,000 Russian children adopted by Americans in the past two decades have died in the United States . "  We share one hundred percent the Russian concerns about these cases of death and abuse , " another senior State Department official said . Acknowledging that 20 Russian children have died with U.S. families , the official added , "  We do not disagree this is unacceptable . " State Department officials said they hope to travel to Moscow to discuss the pending adoption cases . Adoptions halted in one Russian region The governor of Russia 's Pskov region is not waiting for the national ban to take effect , and announced Tuesday that all orphan adoptions to foreigners would be temporarily stopped . "  Another cruel crime against a child was committed in the United States , " Pskov Gov. Andrey Turchak said . The boy was born on January 9 , 2010 , and died on January 21 , said Konstantin Dolgov , the Russian Foreign Ministry 's special representative for human rights . Dolgov said the child suffered injuries to his head and legs , as well as to his abdomen and internal organs . The wounds , he said , "  could only be caused by strong blows . " Authorities in Texas have not released such details . But they have offered some specifics . The child was found unresponsive at his residence and his mother called 911 , Ector County Forensic Death Investigator Sondra Woolf said . The boy was transported to the emergency room by the fire department , then pronounced dead by an emergency room doctor , she said . The body has been sent to Fort Worth for an autopsy , and results could take weeks , she added . Patrick Crimmins , of Texas Child Protective Services , said his office is investigating allegations including physical abuse and neglectful supervision , or neglect . Sgt. Gary Duesler , a spokesman for the Ector County Sheriff 's Office , said his office also is investigating . No arrests have been made , and officials are waiting for autopsy results , he said . Governor wants brother sent back to Russia The boy 's death is confirmation of Russia 's decision to ban U.S. adoptions , the Pskov governor said . "  We need to do everything and create all necessary conditions for the orphans to find families here in our Pskov region and in Russia , " he said . Tuchak said his office is working to bring the brother back to his native Russia , even though the American parents have not been charged with any crime or publicly named . "  You need to start taking the necessary procedures today , " Turchak said . The brother "  ca n't stay in the United States . With American legislation , he would be transferred from one hand to another . It 's an additional trauma for the kid . He 's not a dog or a cat . " Texas Child Protective Services says its top priority is the surviving child or children at the home , Crimmins said . "  At any time , if we feel the surviving child or children may be at risk , we can remove immediately , " he said . A call seeking comment to a number listed for the boy 's adoptive parents was not immediately returned . A voice message told reporters the parents would have no comment . In December , Russian President Vladimir Putin signed into law the measure that would ban the adoption of Russian children by U.S. families . It is scheduled to take effect in January 2014 . Americans adopted close to 1,000 Russian children last year , according to U.S. State Department figures . Though the number has been dropping in recent years , Russia remains the third most popular foreign country -- after China and Ethiopia -- for U.S. foreign adoptions . The Russian measure also bars any political activities by nongovernmental organizations receiving funding from the United States , if such activities could affect Russian interests , Russia 's semiofficial RIA Novosti news agency said . And it imposes sanctions on U.S. officials thought to have violated human rights . The move is widely seen as retaliation for a bill that U.S. President Barack Obama signed into law on December 14 . That law , called the Magnitsky Act , imposes U.S. travel and financial restrictions on human rights abusers in Russia . The act is named for Russian lawyer Sergei Magnitsky , who uncovered the largest tax fraud in the country 's history in the form of rebates claimed by government officials who stole money from the state . Magnitsky was apparently beaten to death in 2009 after a year in a Moscow detention center . Backers of the Russian bill said American adoptive parents have been abusive , citing what they say are the 20 deaths of adopted Russian children since the 1990s . The Russian public supported the bill , with 56 % of respondents in a poll conducted by the Public Opinion Foundation saying they backed the ban , RIA Novosti reported . In 2010 , an American woman sparked outrage after she sent her adopted son back to Russia alone on a one-way flight , saying the boy , then 7 , had violent episodes that made her family fear for its safety . CNN 's Zarifmo Aslamshoyeva and Chandler Friedman contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. State Department says Russians have rushed to judgment NEW : Russian officials meet with brother , who also was adopted Governor of Russia 's Pskov region suspends adoptions by Americans West Texas officials say the boy 's death is suspicious , but no charges have been filed
Beijing  CNN  -- Although the United States narrowly avoided an unprecedented default following congressional approval of a last-minute compromise plan to raise the debt ceiling , China 's leading credit rating agency Wednesday downgraded U.S. sovereign debt after putting it on negative watch last month . The Dagong Global Credit Rating Company , which lowered the United States to A + last November after the U.S. Federal Reserve decided to continue loosening its monetary policy , announced a further downgrade to A , indicating heightened doubts over Washington 's long-term ability to repay its debts . It said the gloomy assessment -- much lower than the AAA ratings given by the so-called "  big three " Western agencies Moody 's , Fitch , and Standard and Poor 's -- was inevitable given the level of market concern generated by the stalemate between Democrats and Republicans over the debt ceiling . "  The squabbling between the two political parties on raising the U.S. debt ceiling reflected an irreversible trend on the United States ' declining ability to repay its debts , " Dagong Chairman Guan Jianzhong told CNN . "  The two parties acted in a very irresponsible way and their actions greatly exposed the negative impact of the U.S. political system on its economic fundamentals , " he said . Ironically , Dagong 's move could hurt not just the United States but also China , the largest foreign owner of U.S. debt with holdings worth almost $ 1.2 trillion . "  Our downgrade simply reflects reality , " Guan said . "  Our rating did n't cause China to lose any money -- it was the inappropriately high ratings for the U.S. by Western agencies that had led China to make risky investments in U.S. debt . " Observers say China , whose foreign exchange reserves now stand at $ 3.2 trillion , has had little choice but to buy U.S. Treasury bonds . "  There are n't that many other markets that are as deep or as liquid as treasuries , " said Patrick Chovanec , an economic analyst with Tsinghua University in Beijing . "  When they accumulate reserves , this is the only place they can put them . " The privately held Dagong , founded in 1994 to rate Chinese companies , attracted worldwide attention last July when it published its first sovereign credit ratings and , citing growing deficits in the developed world , ranked China higher than the United States and Japan . Dagong now rates 67 countries and aims to more than double the number by the end of this year . Its ambition to become an alternative to the "  big three " suffered a setback , however , when the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission refused to recognize its rating because of the commission 's inability to supervise the Beijing-based agency . Guan , who worked as a civil servant and a Wall Street accountant before taking the helm at Dagong , is quick to defend his firm 's independence and objectivity . He points to what he calls Western agencies ' "  double standard " in rating the U.S. and European economies to underscore the global need for a newcomer like Dagong . "  People are used to credit ratings issued by the ` big three , ' but the financial crisis has clearly proved them wrong , " Guan said . "  They can no longer shoulder the responsibility of rating the world . " "  That 's the role we are striving to play , " he added .	Grade of A is much lower than those of "  big three " Western agencies Dagong chairman says both Democrats , Republicans were irresponsible "  Our downgrade simply reflects reality " Privately held agency was founded in 1994
CNN  -- Dane Cook 's half-brother and sister-in-law must repay the comedian $ 12 million they admitted to stealing while managing Cook 's business , a spokesman for the Massachusetts Attorney General said . Darryl McCauley , who was Cook 's business manager from the early 1990s until 1998 , pleaded guilty to larceny , embezzlement and forgery charges in October . His wife , Erika McCauley , pleaded guilty to larceny charges . "  For several years , Mr. McCauley abused his position as a family member to gain Mr. Cook 's trust , and stole millions of dollars for his own personal gain , " Attorney General Martha Coakley said after his sentencing . He was sentenced to six years in prison and 16 years probation , while she got three years in prison and 13 years probation . Erika McCauly , 35 , will be in a Woburn , Massachusetts court Friday for a hearing on the status of the restitution payments and Darryl McCauley , 43 , will have a hearing next week , according to Harry Pierre , Coakley 's spokesman . The investigation began in December 2008 when Cook and his lawyer called police to alert them to the missing millions , according to Coakley 's spokesman . McCauley , who kept Cook 's financial books and managed his financial affairs , was accused of transferring millions of dollars from Cook 's business accounts into his own personal accounts through checks and wire transfers , Pierre said . One such forged check was for $ 3 million , he said .	Darryl and Erika McCauley pleaded guilty to stealing from the comedian The McCauley 's must pay restitution and serve time in prison Darryl McCauley was the comedian 's business manager for years
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso met with President Barack Obama on Tuesday making him the first head of state to be hosted by the new administration . Japanese Prime Minister Taro Aso steps off his Boeing 747 at Andrews Air Force Base in Maryland Monday . It was a long trip -- 6,800 miles  11,000 km  -- for a short meeting -- one hour -- and happened as Obama was preparing his first address to a joint session of Congress . Sitting next to Aso in the White House , Obama said : "  The friendship between the United States and Japan is extraordinarily important . "  It is for that reason that the prime minister is the first foreign dignitary to visit me in the Oval Office . " Obama said the U.S.-Japanese alliance would be crucial in solving international problems including climate change . "  We think we have to work together , not only on issues relating to the Pacific Rim , but throughout the world , " Obama added . Aso said the global economy was also on the agenda at their meeting . "  We are the number 1 and second biggest economies of the world . We will have to work hand in hand . "  I think we are the only two nations which are powerful enough to solve those very critical , vital issue , " Aso said . Japan 's Cabinet Secretary Takeo Kawamura said that being the first to visit the Obama White House was an indication of the priority the new president placed on the relationship . Another topic likely to have been on the agenda was Japan 's Asian neighbor North Korea , which U.S. intelligence says is preparing to test a long-range missile . Pyongyang has denied the charge , instead saying it is making preparations to launch a satellite . A test-fire by North Korea in 2006 failed 40 seconds after launch . The missile is thought to have an intended range of about 4,200 miles  6,700 kilometers  , which -- if true -- could give it the capability of striking Alaska or Hawaii . Aso 's visit to Washington comes , as his approval rating stands at a meager 11 percent , the second lowest ever recorded for a Japanese prime minister . Yoshiro Mori , a former prime minister , resigned after his rate bottomed out at 9 percent . Last week his finance minister Shoichi Nakagawa announced he will step down after coming under fire for appearing intoxicated at a weekend news conference during the G-7 meeting in Rome . CNN 's Chie Kobayashi contributed to this report .	Aso 's approval rating at 11 percent , the second lowest ever for a Japanese PM Aso is first head of state hosted by Obama administration Obama will give his first address to joint session of Congress hours later
CNN  -- Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi , of MTV 's reality show "  Jersey Shore , " will soon learn her fate after the young reality star was arrested Friday on disorderly conduct charges , court officials said Monday . Polizzi is set for a first-appearance court date on August 18 at 9:00 a.m. in municipal court , said Seaside Heights court administrator Jane Carrozza . According to Seaside Heights Police Chief Thomas Boyd , Polizzi , 22 , was acting in a disorderly manner while on the beach at Seaside Heights Friday around 3:30 p.m. . She was placed under arrest and was later released with a summons , said Boyd . Polizzi is not facing any jail time , but she could be fined between $ 250 and $ 1,000 , said Carrozza . The arrest comes a day after the widely anticipated "  Jersey Shore " second season premiere , which drew more than 5 million viewers , according to ratings firm Nielsen . Just three days before Polizzi 's arrest , on Tuesday July 27 , the entire "  Jersey Shore " cast rang the opening bell at the New York Stock Exchange . In Session 's Aletse Mellado and CNN 's Marc Balinsky contributed to this report .	MTV reality star set to appear in New Jersey court later this month Nicole "  Snooki " Polizzi was arrested Friday on disorderly conduct charges She could be fined between $ 250 and $ 1,000 , says court official "  Jersey Shore " premiere drew more than 5 million viewers , according to Nielsen
OPRAH.com  -- For more than 20 years , actress Christina Applegate has kept audiences laughing . "  It does n't feel the same , and it 's hard to carry your purse , " Christina Applegate says . "  I cry at least once a day . " During her teenage years , she lit up the small screen as Kelly Bundy on the hit sitcom "  Married with Children . " After 11 hilarious seasons , Christina 's career branched out to the big screen and Broadway . In 2007 , Christina landed the starring role on "  Samantha Who ? " an acclaimed comedy series . After receiving Emmy and Golden Globe nominations for her performance , it seemed that nothing could stop Christina 's triumphant return to TV . Then , in April 2008 , shocking news silenced the laughter . At 36 years old , Christina was diagnosed with breast cancer . At first , Christina says she lived quietly with the disease . "  It 's hard to live quietly , " she says . "  I went through five weeks of work without telling anyone that this was going on in my life . " Now , Christina is going public with her personal battle to raise awareness among young women who may not think they 're at risk . As the daughter of a breast cancer survivor , Christina says she 's been vigilant about getting regular mammograms since she was 30 years old . In 2007 , doctors recommended extra precautions . "  My doctor said that the mammograms were n't enough for me because of the denseness of my breasts , " she says . "  He suggested that I get an MRI . " Christina went in for her first MRI screening , which produced disturbing results . "  They found some funky things going on -LSB- in one breast -RSB- , " she says . Doctors told her they needed to perform a biopsy . Then , the excruciating waiting game began . Christina continued to work and promote her sitcom , but the impending results were never far from her mind . A week later she says she got the phone call every woman dreads . " -LSB- The doctor said -RSB- , ` It came back positive , ' " she says . "  Right now I 'm sitting here shaking remembering that moment . " Doctors explained that the cancer was only in her left breast , and thankfully , they caught it at an early stage . Christina says she held back her tears and immediately went into survival mode . The day after her diagnosis , Christina says she went in to see an oncologist and a surgeon . "  I 'm a Sagittarius , " she says . "  We need things done now . So , for me , I had to get in now , and I wanted to have my surgery now . " Within a week , Christina had her first lumpectomy . Doctors also did a biopsy of her lymph nodes to make sure the cancer had n't spread . Since the cancer was caught early on , Christina was told she 'd need six weeks of radiation instead of chemotherapy . Then , she received more life-changing news . A test for the BRCA gene -- also known as the "  breast cancer gene " -- came back positive . Oprah.com : Should you get tested for the gene ? "  That sort of changed everything for me , " she says . "  Radiation was something temporary , and it was n't addressing the issue of this coming back or the chance of it coming back in my left breast . I sort of had to kind of weigh all my options at that point . " Christina was given two options ... go forward with the radiation treatments and continue testing for the rest of her life or have both breasts removed . Christina made the dramatic decision to have a bilateral mastectomy . "  It came on really fast . It was one of those things that I woke up and it felt so right , " she says . "  It just seemed like , ' I do n't want to have to deal with this again . I do n't want to keep putting that stuff in my body . I just want to be done with this . ' & I was just going to let them go . " Before she went in for her surgery , Christina says she staged her first -- and last -- nude photo shoot . "  I made sure that I have close-up photographs of them from every angle so I can kind of remember them , " she says . Christina 's tears finally spilled over the day she met her surgeon . "  I met with my doctor , and I told him that was my decision , " she says . "  He brought the surgeon in , and it was like it was the floodgates just opened up and I lost it . " Oprah.com : Going through a double mastectomy surgery In July 2008 , Christina went through with the surgery , which has left physical and emotional scars . "  It can be very painful , " she says . "  It 's also a part of you that 's gone , so you go through a grieving process and a mourning process . " Before she went under the knife , Christina says the only mastectomy she 'd ever seen was the one her mother received . " -LSB- Her surgery -RSB- was in the '70s , and they did n't do a very good job back then , " she says . "  So in my own mind I 'm thinking , ` My God , I 'm going to be butchered , and it 's going to be horrible . I 'm never going to love that part of me again . ' & But I did a lot of research , and they can make some pretty boobies . " Currently , Christina says she has saline expanders in her body , which will make way for the new implants . Though she 's proud of her proactive decision , she says she 's reminded of her loss every day . "  It does n't feel the same , and it 's hard to carry your purse , " she says . "  I cry at least once a day about it because it 's hard to overlook it when you 're standing there in the mirror . When you look down , it 's the first thing you see ... So you 're reminded constantly of this thing -- this cancer thing that you had . " On the bright side , Christina says she wo n't have to wear a bra ever again . She also feels victorious in the fight against breast cancer . "  I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life , " she says . "  For that , I 'm really grateful . " Days after her diagnosis , Christina says she reached out to family and friends , including Melissa Etheridge , a Grammy winner and breast cancer survivor . Melissa shared the lessons she learned during the fight for her own life . "  The first thing she said to me is : ` Christina , this is a blessing that 's happened to you in your life . Right now , you get to start over , and right now you get to change everything -- the way that you deal with things in life , the way that you react to things . Fear can hurt you . Stress can hurt you . This is the time that you have this opportunity to change the way you eat ... everything you do , ' " Christina says . Christina now looks at her health scare as a blessing . "  I am a 36-year-old person with breast cancer , and not many people know that that happens to women my age or women in their 20s , " she says . "  This is my opportunity now to go out and fight as hard as I can for early detection . " As she 's learned , early detection may not come from a mammogram . Christina says she will fight for women to have access to MRIs and genetic testing , which many insurance companies wo n't pay for . Christina says her health scare has shifted her priorities completely . " -LSB- There 's -RSB- this need and this desire to make every single day count , " she says . "  I used to say ... ` Do n't sweat the small stuff -- not even the big stuff . ' At the end of the day , none of it matters but your own joy , your own spiritual journey that you go on , God , your loved ones , your friends , your animals . These are the things you 've got to cherish and love and embrace . " From "  The Oprah Winfrey Show " "  Christina Applegate : Why She Had a Double Mastectomy " © 2008 Subscribe to O , The Oprah Magazine for up to 75 % off the newsstand price . That 's like getting 18 issues FREE . Subscribe now ! TM & © 2009 Harpo Productions , Inc. . All Rights Reserved .	Christina Applegate opens up about her decision to remove both breasts Applegate stars in comedy series "  Samantha Who ? " Actress ' test results for BRCA gene -- "  breast cancer gene " -- were positive "  I have taken a very progressive stance in the rest of my life , " she says
CNN  -- YouTube on Wednesday announced it was restricting access to a controversial video that has been blamed for inciting violence in Libya and protests in Egypt . The video , a film trailer mocking the Muslim faith , will not be accessible via YouTube in Libya and Egypt , the company said in a statement issued to CNN . "  We work hard to create a community everyone can enjoy and which also enables people to express different opinions , " YouTube said by e-mail . "  This can be a challenge because what 's OK in one country can be offensive elsewhere . "  This video -- which is widely available on the Web -- is clearly within our guidelines and so will stay on YouTube . However , given the very difficult situation in Libya and Egypt we have temporarily restricted access in both countries . "  Our hearts are with the families of the people murdered in yesterday 's attack in Libya . " The video , a 14-minute movie trailer that many view as an insult to Muslims and their faith , was blamed for setting off a wave of violence in Libya and protests in Egypt on Tuesday and Wednesday . An attack on a U.S. consulate in the Libyan city of Benghazi left the U.S. ambassador and three other embassy staffers dead . President Obama strongly condemned the violence , calling the attack "  outrageous . " Mystery surrounds film cited in attacks Afghanistan banned YouTube in response to the video , according to reports . "  We have been told to shut down YouTube to the Afghan public until the video is taken down , " Aimal Marjan , from the country 's ministry of information and technology , told Reuters . The events raise what 's becoming a familiar question at a time when the Internet has become the world 's major medium of communication : When should websites that display user-generated content take down material that is deemed to be offensive ? This sort of debate comes up with some frequency . Some people were outraged this year when Facebook decided not to take down pages that supported the man accused of opening fire on moviegoers in a Colorado theater . YouTube also has been criticized for taking down videos showing police brutality and other acts of violence that could have political or journalistic significance . Some of those videos were reposted by the site after further review . YouTube 's online guidelines ban pornography and "  graphic or gratuitous violence " and ask the people who upload videos to respect copyright laws . On the subject of controversial speech , the site says , "  We encourage free speech and defend everyone 's right to express unpopular points of view . But we do n't permit hate speech  speech which attacks or demeans a group based on race or ethnic origin , religion , disability , gender , age , veteran status , and sexual orientation/gender identity  . " Jillian York , director for international freedom of expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said YouTube should not take down the video worldwide but should consider blocking it in specific countries where it 's causing violence . Reaction to anti-Islam film fuels debate on free speech versus hate speech "  Is it good in the short term ? Probably not , " she said of leaving the video online . "  But for the long term and what it means for corporate free expression , yes , I think it 's good to keep it up . It 's a difficult balance . " The video could been seen as having news and documentary value , she said , potentially putting it in a category of videos that are allowed to stay on YouTube even though they show , for example , drug use or violence -- acts that would violate YouTube 's terms if they were n't newsworthy . This clip probably would n't break U.S. rules about inciting violence , York said , because it does not directly call for people to engage in violent acts . In a 2010 lecture at a human rights conference , YouTube 's Victoria Grand offers further details on how the site policies itself . With 72 hours of video being uploaded to YouTube every minute , the site relies on its audience , employees and computer programs to address and sometimes delete content that is deemed to violate its terms . To be removed from YouTube , a video first must be flagged by one of the site 's users . Computers scan the clip for certain traits -- the first scan , she said , is for flesh-colored pixels -- and then prioritize the videos in a queue , Grand said . A group of YouTube employees , who are positioned all over the world , then reviews the queue of flagged and computer-prioritized videos to judge them against YouTube policy . "  Their job is to spend every single day looking at a queue of what I would define as the dark underbelly of the Internet , " Grand said in a video posted by the group Global Voices . "  So you 're going to see a lot of masturbation videos in that queue ; you 're going to see animal abuse . You 're going to see some pretty , pretty horrendous things . I would say the vast majority of flags we get are for things like pornography . " The film in question is considered offensive to Muslims and depicts the Muslim prophet Mohammed as a child molester , womanizer and killer . The video had about 55,000 views as of 11 a.m. ET Wednesday . It had a mostly unfavorable rating on YouTube , with more than 8,000 "  dislikes " to 2,600 "  likes . " Nearly 9,000 people had commented on the video , and several versions of it appeared to have been uploaded to YouTube . The 2-month-old film trailer is in English , but it has been dubbed into Arabic . The New York Times reports that an Arabic-language version of the video was taken down from YouTube , apparently for reasons of copyright infringement . New York magazine called the video "  absurd " and "  Islamophobic . " The video also reportedly has been shown by means other than YouTube . Part of the film was broadcast on Egyptian TV , according to the Times . Witnessing protests in Libya or Egypt ? Share your photos on CNN iReport .	Film trailer blamed for violence in Libya that leaves U.S. ambassador dead NEW : YouTube blocks the video in Libya and Egypt NEW : The video does not breach YouTube 's community guidelines
CNN  -- A slow-moving landslide the size of two football fields is steadily tearing apart a hilltop house from the inside and has prompted the evacuation of about 50 people and several businesses in the well-known skiing town of Jackson , Wyoming , officials said Saturday . The slow movement , however , has only a 5 % chance of becoming the sort of violent landslide that killed 36 people last month in rural Washington state , said Roxanne Robinson , Jackson assistant town manager . "  You know , I think that 's on everybody 's mind , but I think our slide is different because it 's slow moving . Theirs was catastrophic , and ours has been slowly creeping down the hill , " Robinson said Saturday . The 100-foot-deep landslide is moving so slowly that local officials have been able to see how ground cracks are emerging and growing by inches each day the past week . Crews use binoculars to keep an eye on the hill while they stand at a fire truck across the road . A mandatory evacuation order issued Thursday to 46 residential units in the landslide zone remained in place Saturday . Authorities count about 57 residents in the landslide area , but only 48 people have reported to a Red Cross check-in station , Robinson said . The remainder are still residing in their homes or may be away from home , she said . "  There are people living there who have refused to leave . That 's their choice because we ca n't forcibly remove them , " Robinson said . "  On one side of the  hillside  road , we did have a sinkhole develop , and it 's not safe to dig it out and put a man in the hole . On Saturday , about 43 people were escorted to their homes to remove personal items and check on the security of their belongings , according to a press release from the town of Jackson . Emergency personnel will continue to escort residents to their home Sunday . Starting Monday , escorts back to residences will be by appointment only , according to the press release . Red Cross personnel trained a dozen local people Saturday to staff a public shelter they plan to open Sunday evening . For now , officials are doing testing extending 100 feet underground to determine how big of a threat the slide is and what they can do to limit its impact , Robinson said . The town has hired a geologist to examine the matter . At a minimum , a house atop a hill is unlikely to be inhabitable again because its interior wooden floor is splitting into two , Robinson said . The driveway is cracked by a 6 - to 12-inch upward fissure in the ground , she added . "  What really struck me is the wood flooring , which is separating , " she said . "  One half of the house looks like it 's on side of the slide area and the other half is definitely at the crest of the slide . "  We did a media tour yesterday , " she said Saturday , "  and after we did that , the geologist said , ` You ca n't do that anymore . It 's dangerous . ' " The slow landslide began March 4 when the event moved a town water pumphouse and broke a 16-inch water main , sending water gushing into a two-lane highway , Robinson said . The landslide is occurring about a mile west of the town center , on a stretch of highway that 's home to a Walgreens that opened with the new year , two restaurants and a liquor store -- all of which are closed for now , Robinson said . The broken water main forced local officials to lay a two-inch water line up the steep hill 's surface to connect to 46 residential units -- houses and apartments -- in the landslide zone , Robinson said . On Saturday , crews installed water tanks on the hill as a fire prevention measure because the temporary two-inch water line is n't sufficient for potential firefighting , Robinson said .	A slow landslide in Jackson , Wyoming , is tearing apart a house inch by inch There 's a 5 % chance it could become like the violent landslide that hit Washington state Officials are doing underground test to determine how big the landslide is Some residents continue to live in their homes despite the evacuation order
CNN  -- After dealing with porcupine creatures , shape-shifters and planes full of crystallized bodies over five seasons , star John Noble is still having the time of his life on "  Fringe . " The cult favorite sci-fi series is in the midst of its final season on Fox , and classic episodes premiere Tuesday night on the Science Channel . Noble , who plays the brilliant  and occasionally mad  scientist Walter Bishop , recently spoke with CNN about his experience with the show and what fans can look forward to in the remaining episodes , leading up to a January 18 series finale . CNN : Are you nearing the end of filming now ? Noble : My goodness , yes . We start filming our penultimate episode Tuesday morning . We 're very close to the end , mate . CNN : And what 's that feeling like ? Noble : It just feels like an awful lot of work  laughs  . We 've still got a bit to do . It 's an exciting thing feeling it all come together . There 's a sense of closeness among the crew . We 're here in Vancouver ; it 's our fourth year and , for the cast , our fifth year together . It 's a bit odd . We are friends , so it 's a bit sad . CNN : Meanwhile , you 're getting a second life on the Science Channel . Noble : The thing about Science Channel is that they know "  Fringe , " and they love it . The people I know there have watched from the beginning . It 's not just another product . They 've brought people in to talk about the science of it . We 're in a very good second home . CNN : This season , do you feel that Walter is bearing the weight of a tremendous amount of pressure to put together this plan to fight the Observers ? Noble : Yes , but I think the pressure 's on everyone . All the key players have to come to some sort of conclusion , and that 's the gift of these last 13 episodes . Every character is under pressure , if you can call it that . But it 's a good journey . Every episode takes us further on the track to the finale . It 's like writing a novel and having the chance to write the final chapter . The stakes are lifted every week for us . It 's kind of exciting . CNN : We 've seen so many major twists just this season . What was your reaction to learning that Peter was going to utilize the tech of an Observer and sort of become one himself ? Noble : Well , it 's pretty inspired , really . If you ca n't beat them , join them . Peter realized to combat these people , he would have to be on equal terms with them . It also gave Joshua Jackson a marvelous journey , which I think he 's done splendidly . The fun thing is that both men are struggling with their arrogance and hubris in different ways . It 's a very interesting story arc to play as well . You have Walter not trying to be so smart and cruel , and Peter wanting to be more so . So that 's playing out really well . CNN : The show took a short break in shooting this season , as you had to take some time to take care of yourself . Are you doing better now ? Noble : I 'm doing very well , mate . We decided we needed to address an ongoing issue , which been going on a long time for me , which is that I do n't sleep . Ultimately , given the load of travel , I was starting to hit a wall . We did what we could to correct that . We probably really did n't need to take as much time as we did . The management was terrific and said , "  Get it sorted out . " We 're still going strong at this stage , so something worked . CNN : Have you enjoyed discovering Twitter ? Noble : I thought it was time I got with it .  Laughs  I resisted for so long . I have no idea , to be honest , what I 'm doing . I just go on every once in a while and say something , and it gets retweeted 6,000 times . It 's an astonishing way of communicating . Thank God for that , because it takes away the tyranny of those who would withhold information . I remember I tweeted , "  Just saying g ` bye to Georgina Haig . Lovely woman ! " I just had afternoon tea with Georgina  whose character died in a recent episode  . That was taken as , she 's gone forever . At that stage , she was still on the show , so I thought "  What have I done ? " I knew she was gone ! You 've got ta be careful !  Laughs CNN : Walter is famous for his love of junk food . Do you have a favorite junk food on or off set ? Noble : To survive , I try not to eat junk food . I hate to destroy the myth ! On a film set , if you eat junk food , you 'd finish around 400 pounds at the end of the first season . That 's just the nature of the work . To destroy another myth , we do n't actually eat it , because we ca n't . In 40 takes , you 'd be absolutely bloated with Red Vines or whatever else you 're having . We go through the motions of it and then have to get rid of it to so we can do another take . There was a bacon sandwich I thought was rather nice ... CNN : And what can fans expect as it comes to a close ? Noble : I have n't read the final episode yet , but I know that  executive producer  Joel Wyman has put everything , and I mean everything , he 's got into this . He 's directing the last episode . I think it will be a masterpiece . I have n't read it , but I ca n't imagine anything less with the amount of heart he 's put into it . Fingers crossed , but that 's my prediction . I think it will be a masterpiece .	John Noble 's cult show "  Fringe " is nearing the end of its run Noble addressed his sleep disorder treatment , which briefly halted production He 's not as much of a junk food fan as his character ; he recently discovered Twitter Noble shared his prediction for the final episode : "  A masterpiece "
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The attempt by the U.S. Navy to use an anti-missile missile to shoot down a potentially hazardous satellite will cost between $ 40 million and $ 60 million , Pentagon officials told CNN on Friday . A missile is launched from the Navy guided missile cruiser USS Shiloh during a 2006 test . The missile alone costs almost $ 10 million , Lt. Gen. Carter Ham said at a Pentagon briefing . He declined to give an overall cost estimate . "  I think we 're working with all the parties to -LSB- find -RSB- how much did it cost to modify the missiles , the fire control , that kind of business , " he said . Pentagon officials argue the effort is worth the expense because of the slim -- but real -- chance that the satellite 's unused fuel , 1,000 pounds of toxic hydrazine , could land in a populated area . Because the super-secret spy satellite malfunctioned immediately after launch in December 2006 , its fuel tank is full , and it would probably survive re-entry and disperse harmful , even potentially deadly fumes over an area the size of two football fields . The missile will carry no warhead ; the objective is to break the satellite apart through the force of impact alone , defense officials said . Learn more about the mission " One Pentagon official -- who spoke on condition of anonymity because the planning for the operation remains classified -- told CNN that since early January , a Navy team , including 200 industry experts and scientists , has been working furiously to modify its sea-based Aegis missile defense system so it can shoot down a satellite in low orbit . Among the challenges is modifying sensors designed to detect the heat from an incoming warhead so they can spot the much-cooler satellite , which has no heat source and is warmed only by the sun 's rays . In addition , the official says , a floating X-band radar has to be modified to track the satellite 's trajectory , and the "  fire-control " systems on the Navy ships also needed modification . No attempt will be made to shoot down the satellite until after the U.S. space shuttle lands next Wednesday . "  The window will open when the shuttle is on the ground , " Ham said . Pentagon officials say three missiles have been modified for the mission , so in theory , the Navy may get three shots at the satellite , although only one at a time . "  They want the period of a day or two to assess the effect of the first missile ... to probably get an orbit or two , to get an understanding of what effect the first intercept had on the satellite before launching another interceptor , " Ham said . The Aegis cruiser USS Lake Erie was chosen for the mission . It 's fully equipped with sea-based missile defense systems , has long been the Navy 's primary ship for the sea-based missile defense program and has the technology needed for the operation , officials said . It will be accompanied by two destroyers -- the USS Decatur and the USS Russell -- at an undisclosed location in the Pacific Ocean north of the equator . The Decatur will feed trajectory information to the Erie , and the Russell will back up the Decatur . Defense officials say the ships ' radars and software were modified to track targets much faster than the ballistic missiles they were designed to track . A host of ground-based radars , telescopes and sea-based radars will help determine if the satellite was hit . The Air Force also will have a plane in the air that can detect the release of hydrazine gas . The USNS Observation Island , a ship that uses telemetry to monitor objects in space , will collect information on the satellite both before and after the missile launch . The Navy will use its $ 9.5 million Standard Missile 3 in the shoot-down . The combined speed of the missile and satellite at impact is expected to be about 22,000 miles per hour . The government started thinking about how to approach the satellite problem in December . And on January 4 , President Bush and various senior officials agreed to begin planning for the shoot-down . On Tuesday , the president approved the plan . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Mike Mount contributed to this report	Navy to shoot down a potentially hazardous satellite with anti-missile missile Pentagon official : The missile alone costs almost $ 10 million Super-secret spy satellite malfunctioned just after launch , has full fuel tank Fuel tank likely to survive re-entry and disperse harmful , potentially deadly fumes
Gaza City  CNN  -- The boys were cousins -- playing , as they had many times before , at a beach by the sparkling waters of the Mediterranean when the shelling started . The first shell struck a fisherman 's hut on a jetty by the beach where the boys ' game had taken them . As a plume of smoke rose from the blast , several of the boys dashed across the sand , seeking cover . But they could n't outrun the second shell , which whizzed in and exploded right by them . The attack on the Gaza City beach killed four boys , aged between 9 and 11 , from the extended Bakr family . Their names were Ismail , Zakaria , Ahed and Mohamed . Growing child death toll The Israeli military said the case is being carefully investigated and that preliminary results indicate the intended target of the strike was "  Hamas terrorist operatives . " It described the civilian deaths as "  a tragic outcome . " But children have frequently been among the victims of the conflict between Israel and Hamas . Of the more than 200 people killed in the 10 days of Israeli bombardment of Gaza , around 40 are children , according to the United Nations . Killings of the young also played a prominent role in setting off the confrontation . Tensions in the region soared when the bodies of three kidnapped Israeli teenagers were found in the West Bank on June 30 . Two days later , a Palestinian teen was abducted and burned alive in an apparent revenge attack in Jerusalem . Journalists witness shelling The deaths of the four boys on the Gaza beach Wednesday was a particularly stark example of the innocent lives lost in the fighting . They died within eyeshot of a hotel housing several international journalists , some of whom joined in efforts to help people who were wounded in the shelling . Veteran reporters described the harrowing scenes . Nicholas Casey , a correspondent for the Wall Street Journal , said that after hearing a blast nearby , he went downstairs and saw bodies being carried from the scene , including one boy of around 9 or 10 . "  His body was fairly mutilated and he was burned , his leg was twisted , " Casey told CNN 's Jake Tapper . Another journalist said he had spent time playing with the boys . "  Minutes before they were killed by our hotel , I was kicking a ball with them , " NBC News Foreign Correspondent Ayman Mohyeldin said on Twitter . The boys had apparently been told by their fisherman parents not to go outside amid the recurrent Israeli aerial attacks . But the urge to stretch their legs in the sunshine was too strong . "  Why did he go to the beach and play -- for them to take him away from me ? " cried the distraught mother of 11-year-old Mohamed . Fears on both sides People on both sides of the conflict have expressed concerns about the fate of children caught amid the Hamas rocket barrages and Israeli airstrikes . "  I 'm not happy to see Israeli children hurt , " Mustafa , a Palestinian man who used to work in Israel , told CNN this week . "  I have grandchildren . I do n't want them to be hurt . We want to live . " Kindergartens and summer camps in Israeli areas near Gaza have decamped to bomb shelters amid the incessant rocket fire . In one bunker in the southern city of Ashkelon , a mother says she would like take her children away from the line of fire . But Hamas ' missiles are reaching farther and farther , and for the time being , she does n't have the money to move . Another Israeli mother , Tal Tzukan , who lives about 10 kilometers  6 miles  from the Gaza border , said last week she 's had to regularly rush her two small children into a safe room when sirens warn of incoming rockets . From her home , Tzukran can also see the bombs hitting Gaza and says she fears for the families on the other side of the border . "  It 's hard not to think about the same situation with little kids over there , " she said . Anger at funeral The Bakr boys had no safe house in which to take refuge . And many people in Gaza have complained they have nowhere to go when warned of impending Israeli airstrikes . The boys were buried a little more than an hour after their deaths . Hundreds of people attended the funeral , where angry chants filled the air . The Israeli military says it works hard to try to avoid civilian casualties in its assaults on Gaza , and it accuses Hamas of using people as human shields . On Wednesday , the Israeli military released videos that it said showed air strikes being aborted because of risks to civilians . It also uses telephone messages , leaflets and nonlethal munitions to warn occupants of homes about to be hit . But human rights groups are unconvinced by Israel 's efforts , as are members of the Bakr family . "  Were those four small boys firing rockets ? " asked Sufian , one of the boys ' relatives . "  They went to the beach to play football . " For Ramiz , the blind father of Mohamed , it 's too much to bear . "  I felt as if the world had come to an end when I heard the news , " he said . "  I wish I had died before hearing he was dead . " Life in Gaza : Search for safety , or wait for destiny CNN 's Ben Wedeman reported from Gaza City , and Jethro Mullen reported and wrote from Hong Kong . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	Four young cousins are killed by Israeli shelling of a beach Israel says it is investigating the matter , describing the deaths as "  tragic " Around 40 of the more than 200 people killed in Gaza were children , the U.N. says "  I wish I had died before hearing he was dead , " one boy 's father says
CNN  -- Police in Switzerland arrested Guatemala 's former national police chief over allegations he was involved in extrajudicial killings while in office , the judicial authority in Geneva said . Erwin Sperisen , 42 , who was detained Friday afternoon , holds dual Swiss and Guatemalan nationality and lives in Geneva , the judicial authority said in a statement . "  Details provided by the Guatemalan authorities at the end of 2011 and recent developments in the case raise important suspicions about the suspect 's involvement in various extrajudicial executions committed while he was director of Guatemala 's national police from July 2004 to March 2007 , " it said . Claims against Sperisen had also been filed by various associations in 2007 and 2008 , it said . A coalition of non-governmental organizations has been working on the case against Sperisen , said Trial , a Swiss non-governmental organization that aims to combat impunity . An international arrest warrant was issued by Guatemala for Sperisen in 2010 , Trial said in a statement . Trial and rights group Amnesty International had since urged the Swiss authorities to act , it said . Sperisen can not be extradited to Guatemala because he holds Swiss nationality , the judicial authority said . Trial said the coalition of NGOs involved "  welcomes the steps taken by the Swiss prosecuting authorities . " The arrest "  represents a major advance in the case " and demonstrates "  the credibility of the charges " brought against Sperisen , it said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark contributed to this report .	Erwin Sperisen was head of Guatemala 's national police from 2004 to 2007 He is accused of involvement in extrajudicial killings , the Swiss judicial authority says Sperisen is also wanted by Guatemala , an anti-impunity NGO says He holds dual Swiss-Guatemalan nationality so can not be extradited
CNN  -- Michael Jackson was an international superstar , and many in the black community herald him for breaking down racial barriers in the music industry . Michael Jackson was one of the first black global superstars . "  Michael Jackson made culture accept a person of color way before Tiger Woods , way before Oprah Winfrey , way before Barack Obama , " said the Rev. Al Sharpton . "  Michael did with music what they later did in sports and in politics and in television . And no controversy will erase the historic impact . " As the Jackson 5 , Michael Jackson and his brothers "  became a cutting-edge example of black crossover artists , " said Mark Anthony Neal , a professor of black popular culture at Duke University 's Department of African and African American Studies . "  You basically had five working-class black boys with Afros and bell bottoms , and they really did n't have to trade any of that stuff in order to become mainstream stars , " Neal said . Young Michael Jackson was the first black "  bubblegum teen star " in the vein of Monkees singer Davy Jones , Neal said . Jackson continued as a pioneer in the black culture when he broke barriers by appearing on MTV , and by breaking sales records with the 1982 album , "  Thriller . " Timeline : The life of a "  King " " "  At the time that he releases ` Thriller , ' I always argue that MTV was arguably the best example of cultural apartheid in the United States , " Neal said . The former president of CBS Records , Walter Yetnikoff , remembered with scorn that MTV would not play "  Billie Jean " or "  Beat It " because it billed itself as a rock station . Looking back on that era , a 1991 Los Angeles Times article quoted MTV founder and then-CEO Robert Pittman as saying the channel 's format did n't lend itself to other musical styles , including R&B and country . And Pittman accused his critics of attempting to impose their musical pluralism on the channel 's die-hard rock fans . But Yetnikoff said he threatened to pull videos of his other artists unless MTV played Jackson 's videos . Watch Yetnikoff talk about getting Jackson 's videos played " Soon Jackson 's videos were heavily in rotation on MTV . Showcasing a black artist paved the way for the popular show , "  Yo ! MTV Raps , " and other black artists , Neal said . In turn , Jackson became one of the first African-Americans to be a global icon . He also influenced a new generation of black musicians , including Usher , Ne-Yo and Kanye West , according to Joycelyn Wilson , a professor of African-American studies at Morehouse College , who specializes in popular culture and hip-hop studies . Slideshow : Michael Jackson and his music " Changing appearance Jackson 's changing physical appearance in the past two decades led to criticism he was trying to be less black . "  Here 's a man who started off looking very typically African-American and ended up looking like something few people would have recognized early in his career . His nose was trimmed , his lips were different ... his skin was different , " said Cheryl Contee , who writes as Jill Tubman on Jack & Jill Politics , a blog centered on African-American issues . "  The only thing that seemed to almost stay the same were his eyes , " said Contee , who also called Jackson "  a genius and more than a trailblazer . " "  I think -LSB- it -RSB- troubled a lot of people that he left his skin color behind and seemed somehow to be ashamed of who he was -LSB- when -RSB- he was born , " Contee said . But during a 1993 interview with Oprah Winfrey , Jackson shot down rumors that he was dying his skin to make it lighter . He told the talk show host that he had vitiligo , a disorder that destroyed his skin pigmentation . Black popular culture professor Neal said Jackson 's physical changes did not reflect his life on the whole . "  I think if you solely pay attention to Michael Jackson 's physicality , you actually miss something that 's much more complex . ... Michael Jackson artistically and aesthetically never turned his back on blackness . His work was always in conversation with black culture both in the United States and more globally , " said Neal . Neal said Jackson 's changes were not to deny blackness , nor to become more white . "  This was somebody who most of his career we read as being asexual . And I think that many of the changes to his face , particularly his skin tone , he was almost trying to achieve an a-raciality , " said Neal . Contee upset some commenters on her blog when she highlighted both the positive and negative aspects of Jackson 's life , or what she termed his "  mixed legacy . " "  Some people were very offended that I would dare to mention some of the unfortunate aspects of his later years , " she said . "  But others -LSB- acknowledged -RSB- that they had mixed feelings about his legacy and what that meant to African-Americans . "	Jackson 5 went mainstream and maintained black identity , professor says MTV did n't play videos of black artists before Jackson Expert : Despite his changing appearance , he was always in touch with black culture
CNN  -- Bangladesh 's Supreme Court has rejected an appeal by Nobel laureate Muhammad Yunus to keep his position as managing director of the bank he founded . Yunus founded the Grameen Bank three decades ago in what he said was an effort to alleviate poverty . Grameen 's work cast a global spotlight on microcredit , a then-novel idea of making small loans to poor people who would not qualify for standard bank loans . For their efforts , Yunus and Grameen Bank won the Nobel Peace Prize in 2006 . He also was awarded the American Presidential Medal of Freedom and a Congressional Gold Medal . Last month , the central bank of Bangladesh -- the regulatory authority in the South Asian nation -- cited the 70-year-old 's age in explaining his removal as managing director . The government , which has a 25 % stake in Grameen , said that the bank 's rules required Yunus to end his service when he turned 60 . The case wound its way to the Supreme Court , which issued its ruling Tuesday . Lawmakers in the United States , and in other countries , have asked the Bangladeshi government to find a compromise to bring an end to the Grameen Bank crisis . "  The international community will watch this situation closely , and I hope that both sides can reach a compromise that maintains Grameen Bank 's autonomy and effectiveness , " said Sen. John Kerry , the chairman of the U.S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee , last month . "  Institutions like the Grameen Bank make a significant contribution to Bangladesh 's development and democracy , and Professor Yunus ' life-long work to reduce poverty and empower women through microloans has deservedly received world-wide attention and respect . " Yunus ' supporters have said the government 's effort to remove him has little to do with age and much to do with opposition to microcredit and Grameen 's execution of it . Critics of microcredit have charged that lenders were making big money off of small loans . Others have suggested that the actions against Yunus are politically motivated , a claim denied by the government . Yunus ' supporters say he has been under fire for criticizing politicians and trying to form his own political party four years ago during an interim , unelected , military-backed government . That party was later abandoned . Ashraful Islam , general secretary of the ruling Awami League party , told reporters last month that the government wanted to resolve the issue "  sympathetically , " but Yunus had obstructed the process by going to the court . Khaleda Zia , a former prime minister and now opposition leader in parliament , lashed out at the government for going after the nation 's only Nobel laureate . "  The move was designed to belittle Yunus , who had earned prestige for the country , " she said . In a statement issued last month , Yunus said he strongly believes Grameen will continue to work to empower the poor , especially women in rural areas . "  Opportunity has to be created to hand over the charge of Grameen Bank in a happy environment so that it could achieve its objectives , " Yunus said . "  I am continuing the effort and it will go on until getting friendly cooperation from all . " CNN 's Sara Sidner contributed to this report	Yunus won the Nobel Peace Prize for pioneering microcredit lending The government says he is past retirement age and must give up his post at Grameen Bank Some of his supporters say the government 's actions are politically motivated
CNN  -- Amazon unveiled a collection of new Kindle devices in Santa Monica , California , on Thursday . There were two dedicated e-readers and three Kindle Fire tablets , ranging in price from $ 69 to $ 499 . After Chief Executive Jeff Bezos finished his presentation , journalists were given some hands-on time with the new devices . Here are our first impressions : 7-inch Kindle Fire HD and Kindle Fire There are a few new members of the Kindle Fire family , one at every popular tablet price point . There are two new 7-inch devices , the $ 159 Kindle Fire and $ 199 Kindle Fire HD . Bezos also announced a pair of higher-end , faster Kindle Fire HD devices , both 8.9-inches , but they were not available for a demonstration . The 4G model costs $ 499 , the regular model $ 299 . The two 7-inch Fire tablets look similar , but the HD has a few more features . Available in 16GB or 32GB , the Kindle Fire HD has a higher resolution screen of 1280-by-800 pixels , Dolby Digital Plus powered speakers , stronger Wi-Fi and better battery life . It also manages to weigh a smidgen less than the Kindle Fire . Kindle HD vs. iPad : A comparison The exterior designs are slick and minimalist , similar to the new Nexus 7 , featuring a black body and no buttons . Photos , videos and books all look great on the HD 's glossy screen and very nice on the Kindle Fire 's screen . Navigating on both devices is a snap . The operating system is a heavily reworked version of Android , custom-made by Amazon . An oft-repeated theme at the event was that Amazon is focusing on the service , not the gadgets . It hopes to make money from its rich ecosystem of content , not the sales of hardware . The company makes no secret that the Kindle Fire is essentially a tool on which the company would like to sell you things , which is why the blatant attempts to point you toward new purchases do n't feel so much intrusive as , well , helpful . For example , turning the device into portrait mode makes room for custom suggestions . Below the icon for an app is a selection of apps other customers also bought . Same for a book or movie . If you 're looking at the thumbnail for a website , you 'll see other sites that are "  trending now . " This soft sell is also present in the new X-Ray feature for movies , which allows you to hit pause and automatically see IMDB profiles for actors in the flick , finding out what else they 've appeared in . This list of other movies is great for settling arguments , and you can also click to buy them from Amazon or add them to your watch list for future purchasing . Crafty . Amazon announces new wave of Kindles One very interesting new feature just for the Kindle Fire is Immersion Reading , which allows you to listen to the audiobook version of a title , while the corresponding words are highlighted in the Kindle version . This would be great for learning a language or for kids who are just learning how to read . An update to an older feature , Whispersync for Voice , combines the two versions , so you can switch between listening to and reading a book without losing your place . Unfortunately , you will need to purchase both versions of the books individually to take advantage of the tools . Speed still appears to be an issue on the the 7-inch Kindle Fire HD . After tapping on an app or a photo , there 's a bit of lag time before you 're taken to your destination . It 's the same if you flip too quickly through a magazine or book . This came up on the Kindle Fire HD and the Kindle Fire across a variety of apps and media . It was n't noticeable while streaming videos , which played smoothly and looked crisp and seamless on both devices . The Kindle Fire and Kindle Fire HD will start shipping on September 14 , and the 8.9-inch Kindle Fire HDs will ship on November 20 . Kindle Paperwhite It may not be the most expensive or feature-filled product announced Thursday by Amazon , but the Kindle Paperwhite could be the most impressive complete package . One of the most persistent complaints about the E-Ink Kindle has been that it lacked a light . For people who were used to using smartphones in the dark , the Kindle was a little too much like a real book . The Kindle Paperwhite addresses that problem with what the company calls a "  front-lit " display . The result is rather stunning . The effect is subtle , more of an all-over soft glow than a bright computer , tablet screen or a directional light . When you first look , you might not even notice it 's on , just that the text looks cleaner , crisper and easy on the eyes . The light is meant to be left on at all times , but the brightness should be adjusted depending on how much light you need . Even in a bright environment , the light greatly improves how text displays on the screen . One of the Kindle 's biggest advantages over traditional tablets as an e-reading device is its impressive battery life . Amazon claims that even with the new light on , the Kindle Paperwhite will get up to eight weeks of battery life . The visual improvement extends to the touch screen , which has a higher resolution , 212 pixels per inch . And the background has been tweaked to be whiter , the text blacker . The Paperwhites were on display in a brightly lit airplane hangar , so it was difficult to see how the light would look in a dark environment . The screen is the real star , but the outside has a few changes as well . There are no buttons anymore , and the body is black and thinner than the Kindle Touch . Tapping the screen to advance to the next page could take a bit of getting used to for those of us accustomed to buttons on the sides of older Kindles . There are some nice changes to the user interface that solve small problems . A time is now displayed at the bottom of the screen telling you how much reading time is left for a book . If you encounter a character in a book and ca n't remember who they are , the new X-ray feature pops up again to lend a hand . The tool will show you everywhere else the person 's name has appeared in the book , chapter or page . The improvements are n't drastic or flashy , but they are small changes that show a company paying attention to how its customers use the product and trying to perfect the user experience . The Kindle Paperwhite costs $ 119 , or $ 179 if you opt for the 3G version . It ships on October 1 . Kindle The biggest change for the bare-bones Kindle e-reader is its price , which was dropped from $ 79 to $ 69 . The mono-tasking device is the cheapest in the Kindle lineup , and it is the most similar to a paper book -- inexpensive , light , with an E-ink screen but no lighting . There are a few very minor changes to the ad-supported device . The body of the Kindle is now black instead of gray , but the buttons and ports are all in the same locations . There are some new font options , and the company claims it has 15 % faster page turns . The new Kindle is available to order now and starts shipping on September 14 .	The new Kindle Paperwhite e-reader features a "  front-lit " light that is subtle and stunning New 7-inch Kindle Fire tablets are attractive and intuitive but still lag at times Most new tablets will start shipping later in September and can be ordered now
Atlanta  CNN  -- A federal government advisory committee voted Tuesday to recommend that males ages 11 to 21 be vaccinated against the human papilloma virus , which is blamed for thousands of cases of cancer among women and men . The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention 's Advisory Committee on Immunization Practices said the vaccine series can be started as early as age 9 . Twelve members of the committee voted in favor of a recommendation that 11 - and 12-year-old boys be vaccinated ; one member abstained . In a separate vote involving males age 13 to 21 , eight voted in favor ; five against , and one abstained . The same recommendation said men ages 22 through 26 may be vaccinated . Much of the debate focused on whether it would be cost-effective to vaccinate boys against HPV . The vaccine is administered over a six-month period in three doses , each of which costs about $ 120 . Dr. S. Michael March , clinical professor of pediatrics at the University of Southern California and a member of the group that devised the recommendations , said the cost to vaccinate 11 - and 12-year-old boys would be $ 38 million . "  We have the money , we just have to set the priorities , " he said . "  If we do n't , I do n't know who will . " HPV is the most common sexually transmitted disease in the United States . At least half of sexually active people will get it at some point in their lives . Why vaccinate middle schoolers ? Experts say that it 's important to immunize people before they become sexually active . According to the Guttmacher Institute , which studies sexual health , 13 % of 15-year-olds have had vaginal sex . By 19 , that figure has risen to 70 % . The vaccine is less effective after a person is sexually active . Study : Males should get HPV vaccine too The HPV votes took place as part of the advisory committee 's meeting in Atlanta . The vaccine is 89 % effective against genital warts in males and 75 % effective against anal cancer in males , according to CDC . The HPV vaccine is already recommended for females between the ages of 9 and 26 to reduce the risk of cervical cancer . The CDC recommends girls also get the vaccine at age 11 or 12 . The Food and Drug Administration approved the first HPV vaccine , Gardasil , in 2006 . A second vaccine , Cervarix , was approved in 2009 . Gardasil protects against most genital warts and anal , vaginal and vulvar cancers , all of which are associated with HPV , according to the disease agency . Although the vaccine has been approved for males since 2009 , it has n't been as heavily promoted for them . Increase in oral cancers linked to HPV One reason for the push now is that girls are n't getting vaccinated in the numbers doctors had expected . "  If the boys are also immunized , it reduces the transmission back and forth , " said Dr. William Schaffner , chairman of the Department of Preventive Medicine at Vanderbilt University , who attended the CDC meeting as an adviser but not a voting member . In addition , the committee voted to recommend that men who have sex with men up to age 26 be vaccinated against HPV because that would protect them from cancers of the penis and rectum . There also is growing evidence that HPV is responsible for a recent increase in head and neck cancer . A study published this month found approximately 70 % of all oropharyngeal cancers are caused by HPV . Oropharyngeal cancers are those that form in the middle of the throat behind the mouth , an area that includes the back third of the tongue , the soft palate , the side and back walls of the throat and the tonsils . This year , the American Academy of Pediatrics added the HPV vaccine to its list of recommended vaccines for boys . A new study suggests that HPV may also be linked to cardiovascular disease . Researchers from the University of Texas Medical Branch at Galveston studied 2,450 women ages 20 to 59 who had participated in a national survey from 2003 to 2006 and found that 1,141 women tested positive for HPV . Of them , 573 had cancer-associated HPV types . Those whose who tested positive for HPV were 2.3 times more likely to have said they suffered a stroke or heart attack , the authors found . That odds ratio went up to 2.86 when women with cancer-associated HPV types were compared with women who had no such infections , according to the study , which was published in the Journal of the American College of Cardiology . "  Nearly 20 % of individuals with CVD  cardiovascular disease  do not show any risk factors , indicating that other ` nontraditional ' causes may be involved in the development of the disease ; HPV appears to be one such factor among women , " Dr. Ken Fujise , the lead author of the study and director of the division of cardiology at the University of Texas said in a news release . "  This has important clinical implications . First , the HPV vaccine may also help prevent heart disease . Second , physicians should monitor patients with cancer-associated HPV to prevent heart attack and stroke , as well as HPV patients already diagnosed with CVD to avoid future cardiovascular events . " But an accompanying editorial , by Dr. Joseph B. Muhlestein , a cardiologist at Intermountain Medical Center in Murray , Utah , pointed out weaknesses in the study that make it difficult to point to a causal effect . He noted the small number of infected patients , their relative youth , the fact that it depended on their recall of their history and the fact that no adjustment was made for their socioeconomic status . He called for further work to be done . The results "  may just apply to a certain subset of people with genetic early atherosclerosis , " said Dr. Joseph Ricotta , director of clinical research at the Division of Vascular Surgery and Endovascular Therapy at Emory University in Atlanta . "  Not every person who has HPV is going to get cancer , it may be that only those kinds that have a link to cancer will have a link to cardiovascular disease , " said Ricotta , who also called for further studies before reaching "  hard and fast " conclusions . The HPV vaccine became a political hot potato when Republican presidential contender Michele Bachmann criticized fellow Republican contender and Texas Gov. Rick Perry 's support of the vaccine for girls . In 2007 , he signed an executive order that required Texas schoolgirls to receive vaccinations against HPV . The order ended up not being implemented . The CDC notes that the FDA has licensed the vaccines as safe and effective . "  Both vaccines were tested in thousands of people around the world . These studies showed no serious safety concerns . Common , mild adverse events reported during these studies include pain where the shot was given , fever , dizziness , and nausea , " according to the CDC website . CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Trisha Henry , William Hudson and Saundra Young contributed to this report .	CDC : Tests on thousands of people show "  no serious safety concerns " The advisory committee votes to recommend males ages 11 to 21 be vaccinated HPV is the number one sexually transmitted disease in the nation The HPV vaccine has been approved for males since 2009
CNN  -- 1 . Good football game . 2 . How could that ref not call that ?! 3 . The blackout . 4 . Beyonce , wow , man . 5 . A lot of bad ads . Well , that 's basically it . Did I leave out anything ? These would be your top five Super Bowl talking points , would n't you agree ? Because if something more interesting happened on Super Bowl Sunday that 's still got you talking on Monday , I would very much like to know what it was . F-words overheard in the winning team 's celebration , perhaps ?  Hey , watch your Flacco mouth , pal !  Or that guy going 108 yards with a kickoff ? How about a Harbaugh mentioned every 10 or 20 seconds on TV ? Oh , and that cute Clydesdale . And the losing team 's quarterback , Colin I 'm - So-Good-I-Can-Kiss-Myself . And there were those sweet kids from Sandy Hook , singing "  America the Beautiful " so beautifully , alongside the increasingly beautiful Jennifer Hudson . OK , I suppose somebody out there might be talking about some of these things , too . I personally thought John Harbaugh 's Ravens 34 , Jim Harbaugh 's 49ers 31 was a truly cool Super Bowl , possibly one of the 10 best ever played . I have sat through quite a few bad , bad Super Bowls in my day , including one inside this same New Orleans dome where a 49ers team beat the living gumbo out of a Denver Broncos team . Compared to that clinker , trust me , Sunday 's game between Baltimore and San Francisco was a classic . But it sure did n't start out that way . Kickoff came in the late afternoon in Los Angeles , where I watched Super Bowl XLVII on a XLIII-inch screen . It was still light outdoors out west as the game drew close to halftime , and the score was so one-sided -- Baltimore was up by 21-3 at one point -- I reached for the remote control of my TV . Let 's see , what else was on ? ESPN : "  World 's Strongest Man " competition . ESPN2 : Auburn vs. Florida women 's gymnastics . TNT : A rerun of "  Law & Order "  what a surprise  . AMC : "  The Walking Dead . " No , I stuck with CBS , where , on their way to the locker room , the 49ers also appeared to be the walking dead . Beyonce came out next and sang -- really sang , not like at Barack Obama 's inauguration . And then her two old teammates from Destiny 's Child sang along with her . I think they sang "  Bootylicious , " a song that I believe Beyonce was not asked to sing at Obama 's inauguration . Soon the second half began . It took approximately 12 seconds for a Raven named Jacoby Jones to fly 108 yards for a touchdown . Baltimore was now up by 28-6 and Mr. and Mrs. Harbaugh 's son John was looking more and more like destiny 's child . I picked up that remote once more . HBO : "  Extremely Loud and Incredibly Close . " TLC : "  My Big Fat American Gypsy . " MTV : "  Snooki and JWOWW . " VH1 : "  Mob Wives . " ID : "  Wives With Knives . " A tough choice , obviously . I decided no , I can not change this channel now , because I might miss a Super Bowl commercial that everybody else will be buzzing about tomorrow . Maybe a funny one with a talking baby or a chimpanzee . Maybe a sexy one with somebody classy like Danica Patrick or Snooki or JWOWW . Then the whole screen went dark . The players on my TV were suddenly harder to see than Manti Te'o 's girlfriend . I sat there squinting until I realized that the City of New Orleans ' combination football stadium and hurricane shelter had just blown a fuse . A power blackout caused an interruption to the TV event everybody wanted to see , or at least everybody who did n't prefer watching Auburn vs. Florida women 's gymnastics . A lot of perplexed,mixed-up people began running around in that dome , some of them probably calling Louisiana Gas & Electric to make sure that the city had remembered to mail in the February payment . A number of lame jokes made the rounds -- yes , this is why the 49ers play their home games in a park called Candlestick -- and I was asked by more than one person what would happen if New Orleans failed to get the lights back on . I lied that the game would be moved to Baton Rouge and played on Super Bowl Tuesday . Thirty-four long minutes later , lights , camera , action . It was OK to play . Somebody  maybe FEMA ?  did a heck of a job . Up to then , everything had been going Baltimore 's way . Joe Flacco was having a Joe Montana kind of day at quarterback , Michael Oher was throwing blocks the way Sandra Bullock taught him to in that movie , Ray Rice ran hard and Ray Lewis apparently made a lot of tackles , because those TV guys kept talking and talking and talking about Ray Lewis , even though I did n't actually see him make tackles . Ahhh , but as soon as Joe the Electrician  or whoever they called  screwed in all the new light bulbs , the Super Bowl looked entirely different . Colin Kaepernick began making great plays at quarterback for the 49ers , giving himself a great big kiss on the arm for a job well done . Colin 's the kind of kid who would pour Gatorade over his own head after a win . We had ourselves a football game all of a sudden , San Francisco coming within two points , 31-29 . I should have seen it coming because the 49ers never choke in a big game . I ca n't recall the Niners ever playing poorly in a Super Bowl , just as I ca n't recall the Niners ever playing a good game before the NFL had a Super Bowl . Could they actually win this game ? Could they solve Baltimore 's defense one more time -- as soon as CBS ran 20 or 30 more commercials ? Elementary , as Sherlock Holmes almost never says to Lucy Liu . Kaepernick looked great . He was fast . He was bootylicious . He got the 49ers within striking distance . The Ravens were trapped between a pit and a pendulum . A pass was thrown , lobbed high above Niner receiver Michael Crabtree 's head , but Jimmy Smith of the Ravens seemed to have Crabtree in his pincers . Would it be called pass interference ? Would it be a first down for the 49ers , a yard or two away from a winning touchdown ? Would Kaepernick run for a score and then kiss himself on the mouth ? Nope , no flag . No call by the ref on that pass . Maybe he lost it in the lights . It was a memorable ending . Certainly more memorable than most of the commercials , which did n't even star any funny chimps . Baltimore 's post-game celebration was colorful and wild . Flacco apparently could be heard by TV viewers using some bad flaccin ' language . He also accepted an award for being voted the Most Valuable Player of the game , but at least he did n't accidentally say that he was going to flaccin ' Disneyland . Another big game had come and gone . I am sure that many of you would agree that this was one of the best Super Bowls that you have ever seen . You know , except for the dark part . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mike Downey .	Mike Downey : Super Bowl XLVII seemed headed for a blowout -- until the blackout The Harbaugh vs. Harbaugh game suddenly got a lot closer as the 49ers came alive Among the highlights : Beyonce 's halftime show , ref 's failure to call a penalty on a decisive play Downey : Overall , one of the ten best Super Bowls
Jakarta , Indonesia  CNN  -- Deaths in Indonesia mounted on Saturday from the volcanic eruption spewing scorching ash and gas , and the country 's leader is stationed near the scene to coordinate relief efforts . At least 81 people are now dead after the powerful Friday eruption at Mount Merapi , in Central Java , bringing the total number of deaths to about 120 people since the volcano began erupting October 26 , hospital officials said . Friday 's flare-up is being called Merapi 's largest so far , unleashing ash clouds and gas that have reached villages in areas many thought were safe from the volcano 's eruptions . Volcanic ash has also hindered air travels with delays , cancellations and altered flight paths . International airlines have canceled at least 50 flights on Saturday from the capital , Jakarta , about 280 miles away from the volcano . President Susilo Bambang Yudhoyono has temporarily moved to the nearby big city of Yogyakarta to help direct relief operations . "  Our burn unit has been working overtime to handle the volcano 's victims , " Banu Hermawan , a spokesman for Dr. Sardjito Hospital in Yogyakarta . "  The forensic team is also working hard to identified bodies with severe burns . " Another hospital official said only 11 people have been identified because many of the victims were severely burned . Yudhoyono has instructed the military to assist relief efforts by building facilities and field hospitals in the area . He has also ordered the Coordinating Ministry for People 's Welfare , which oversees several ministries , to coordinate faster and more efficient relief . The president announced that residents will receive compensation for livelihoods and animals lost to the eruptions . The government will buy endangered cows on the volcano , he said . Many of those who live on its slopes raise cattle and risked their lives by staying or returning to feed their cows . The children 's charity Plan International has launched an appeal to help 20,000 people fleeing the mountain . "  People were fleeing in panic and only have what they could carry , " said Nono Sumarsono , acting country director of Plan International , said Friday . He said there is an urgent need for food , water , mats , blankets and hygiene kits -- items that the group is already distributing . Workers are also in the process of getting emergency latrines and setting up temporary schools for children . Mathias Eick , regional information officer with the European Commission 's humanitarian aid department , said Friday that many residents were expecting a minor outbreak , but the eruptions had become much worse . Lava balls have rained down on villages and houses have burned , Eick said . Streets and cars are covered in ash , and people are wearing face masks . "  This is a major humanitarian crisis , " he said . Merapi continues to spill hot ash cloud and rumbles consistently , according to data from the Indonesian Volcanology Technology Development and Assessment Agency . The data also indicates the hot ash cloud that hit a village near the crater was around 450-600 degrees Celsius  842-1 ,112 degrees Fahrenheit  . The 3,000-meter  9,800-foot  Merapi is famously unpredictable . An eruption killed two people in 2006 and another killed more than 60 villagers in 1994 . About 1,300 people died when Merapi erupted in 1930 . In addition , last week a 7.7-magnitude earthquake hit Indonesia 's coast , triggering a tsunami and killing at least 449 people . Hundreds more were injured . CNN 's Kathy Quiano and Joe Sterling contributed to this report .	The president is directing relief in Yogyakarta Some flights have been canceled in Jakarta The ash cloud that hit a village was 450-600 degrees Celsius About 120 people have died since Mount Merapi started erupting on October 26
Washington  CNN  -- A week after the Supreme Court ruled in favor of an Ohio law that restricts early voting , Attorney General Eric Holder argued the decision will disproportionately affect African-Americans , many of whom "  heavily " use early voting . "  It is a major step backward to allow these reductions to early voting to go into effect , " Holder said in a video message posted Monday . "  Early voting is about much more than making it more convenient for people to exercise their civic responsibilities . It 's about preserving access and openness for every eligible voter , not just those who can afford to miss work or who can afford to pay for childcare , " he continued in the video , which was posted on the Justice Department 's website . The law cut down the state 's 35-day early voting window by seven days . Proponents say that reducing in-person early voting would help create uniformity across the state 's counties , and voters would still be able to vote by mail during that seven-day window . But critics argue the Republican-backed law will make it more difficult for minorities to vote . Opinion : Why does GOP fight early voting ? While the Justice Department was not a part of the lawsuit , it filed a brief in the case in July . A federal judge had previously said the law was unconstitutional and placed a hold on it so it could n't go into effect . That decision was upheld by a federal appeals court judge . But the Supreme Court 's 5-4 decision allowed for the law to go into effect immediately . Early voting in Ohio now official starts this week . In his video message , Holder said early voting is "  heavily used " by African-Americans because the practice is popular among people who have a hard time getting to the polls due to childcare responsibilities , hourly salaries , and reduced access to transportation . "  Restricting voting hours in ways that would disproportionately impact minority communities is not only unnecessary and unwarranted -- it is out of step with our history of continually expanding the franchise , " he said . "  It is contrary to our fundamental values of equality , opportunity , and inclusion . And it is an affront to millions who have marched , and fought , and too often died to make real America 's most basic promise . " Holder announced late last month he 'll soon be resigning from his post , but will stay on until a replacement has been confirmed .	Eric Holder blasts the Supreme Court 's ruling involving voting laws in Ohio The law limits the state 's 35 early voting window by seven days He and other critics say the law disproportionately affects minorities Proponents say it helps the state better line
CNN  -- With their quaint downtowns , undeniably charming shops and distinct personalities , small towns have long held a special place in the American heart . That homey feel can also appeal to city travelers longing for a slice of small town Americana . The best of the best are included in Fodor 's Travel second-annual list of "  America 's Best Small Towns , " released Thursday . From a funky arts town in Oregon to a popular South Carolina throwback , there is nothing small about the affordable attractions these cities offer . Top spots in Europe 2014 "  There has been a big uprise in traveling to smaller towns that have some quirky and regional appeal , " said Arabella Bowen , executive editorial director of Fodor 's Travel . "  There is a want for a local , authentic , mom-and-pop experience . " To qualify for the Fodor 's list , these small towns must have fewer than 30,000 residents , although the majority have under 10,000 residents . The cities also must be able to accommodate short , weekend stays . "  There is a lot of surprising delight in these places , " Bowen said . So whether it 's a wedding anniversary or a family vacation on a budget , wave goodbye to big city blues and hello to tiny town delight . Click on our gallery to see Fodor 's top 10 choices . Which are your favorite American small towns ? Share your thoughts in the comments section below . .	Fodor 's favorite small towns have fewer than 30,000 residents One small town can be seen in the movie "  Forrest Gump " One baseball hall of fame town has a lot more than baseball going on
CNN  -- Authorities in Iran hanged 16 "  anti-Iran " rebels Saturday in response to deadly overnight clashes between bandits and border guards in southeast Iran , the country 's Fars news agency reported . Local attorney-general Mohammad Marzieh said the 16 were hanged Saturday morning in the city of Zahedan , in Sistan and Baluchestan province , the semi-official news agency said . "  We had issued warnings previously that bandits and anti-Iran group members who commit acts causing damage to innocent people or security and military personnel will face reciprocal action by us , " he is quoted as saying . "  This morning , in retaliation for the martyrdom of border guards at the town of Saravan , we hanged 16 members of of these anti-Iran groups . The judiciary will absolutely not tolerate such actions by these groups . " Official news agency IRNA said 14 Iranian border guards were killed in the clashes in the Saravan city area , near Iran 's border with Pakistan 's Balochistan province . Six more were injured and three taken hostage , the news agency said . It earlier said as many as 17 security personnel had died . Ali Abdollahi , Iran 's deputy interior minister , told IRNA that the provincial governor had sent a team to investigate the incident . He told the news agency that only authorized reports by the interior ministry regarding the killing of the soldiers and border guards should be trusted . Abdollahi said the "  terrorist activities " in Saravan appeared to have initiated over the border in Pakistan . Iran expects Pakistan to do more to secure its borders in line with mutual agreements , he said . Iran 's President Hassan Rouhani urged the interior ministry to take strong measures to deal with terrorism , IRNA said . He also called on the foreign ministry to work out a deal with Pakistan to avoid this kind of incident happening again , the news agency said . Rouhani also expressed his condolences to the families of the border guards killed in the incident . Additional security and military forces from elsewhere in the province have been sent to the border area , the news agency said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Sara Mazloumsaki contributed to this report .	NEW : President Rouhani calls for strong measures to deal with terrorism , state media say Iran 's deputy interior minister says "  terrorist activities " were initiated over the border Authorities hang 16 rebels in response to overnight clashes with security forces -- report 14 border guards were killed in the clashes with bandits in southeast Iran , state media say
CNN  -- A blind Michigan man , rejected by three law schools after scoring poorly on the Law School Admission Test , is suing the American Bar Association , arguing that the group 's exam requirements discriminate against the visually impaired . In a suit filed Tuesday in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Michigan , Angelo Binno alleges the Chicago-based ABA prevents law schools from waiving the admission test , known as the LSAT , for blind applicants . The suit alleges that visually impaired students face considerable difficulties with visually-oriented parts of the exam . The association 's rules require students to take a "  valid and reliable " test . Binno 's lawsuit counters that the LSAT is the only widely used , commercially available exam for assessing law school applicants , leaving , in effect , no alternative . The suit says according to ABA policy , schools could face sanctions , be put on probation , or lose accreditation if they fail to comply . Binno says this violates protections for the disabled provided by the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 . "  I want to help disabled and disadvantaged people who otherwise would struggle to have their voices be heard , " Binno said . A spokesperson for the ABA said its lawyers have not yet seen the lawsuit , nor been served with documentation , and the association could not comment at this time . The Law School Admissions Council , a private not-for-profit group based in Newtown , Pennsylvania , administers more than 100,000 LSATs annually , according to its website . Before 1997 , law schools could decide whether blind people must take the exam , according to Binno 's lawyer , Richard Bernstein , who is also blind . The LSAT was waived for Bernstein in 1995 . He graduated from Northwestern University School of Law in 1999 . The litigation focuses on the analytical reasoning or so-called logic games section of the test , which requires " spatial reasoning and diagramming of visual concepts for successful completion by most applicants , " according to the suit . The complaint includes a copy of logic games from an LSAT given in 2007 . The directions atop the section of the test say " it may be useful to draw a rough diagram " in figuring out the answers to some questions . "  It 's a situation where blind or visually impaired people ca n't interpret a diagram since they do n't have spatial perceptions , " Bernstein said . "  So how is it fair to require that type of question to get into law school ? At the end of the day , blind people ca n't draw . " According to Binno 's lawsuit , " being unable to competitively answer questions on a quarter of the exam causes plaintiff substantial embarrassment , emotional distress , and mental anguish during the exam , which adversely impacts his overall performance . " Binno , who is not suing for monetary damages but retains the right to do so , wants the ABA to change its policies on blind applicants and the LSAT . "  I want the American Bar Association to stop telling blind people that they have to draw pictures in order to go to law school , " Binno said . Binno , 28 , is fluent in three languages , finished high school in three years , graduated from Wayne State University in Detroit and worked with a unit of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security with a high-level security clearance handling applications and credentials of immigrants , according to the lawsuit . He was laid off in 2008 and has focused on getting into law school for the past three years . Binno is blind from birth with a condition called retinitis pigmentosa . "  We 're fighting so we can have more disabled attorneys who are going to create more disabled rights , " said Bernstein , who teaches social justice at the University of Michigan , and said he runs marathons and has completed an Iron Man triathlon .	Angelo Binno of Michigan is blind , and he aspires to go to law school He is suing the American Bar Association , claiming discrimination in testing Law schools follow ABA policy on testing , the suit says The ABA has not yet responded to the suit
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Fashion designers are giving new life to worthless candy wrappers , newspapers and plastic bags ; turning trash into trendy tote bags , purses and jewelry . Target stores objected to this Timbuk2 purse which included plastic bags with its bull 's - eye logo . From "  post-consumer and industrial waste " comes durable , funky accessories reportedly worn by celebrities such as Lindsay Lohan , Cameron Diaz and Petra Nemcova . One self-described eco-fashion label , Ecoist , has partnered with Coca-Cola , Luna Bar and Aveda to create handbags made from misprinted and discontinued packaging . "  We tap into that source of waste because it is reliable , and unfortunately , it 's abundant , " Ecoist co-founder Jonathan Marcoschamer said . "  We believe that for the next few years , there 's going to be a significant amount . " How about 7.6 billion tons of waste ? That 's how much American companies toss each year , according to the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency . During the past four years , Ecoist said , it has sold more than 100,000 accessories created by its designers in Peru and Miami , Florida . The bags -- some of them one-of-a-kind -- are priced from about $ 30 for smaller versions to about $ 180 for larger ones . "  For now , we 're an immediate solution for many of these companies to utilize waste for something that 's creative and promotes environmental awareness , " Marcoschamer said . Ecoist is n't alone . Katherine Rasmussen , owner of the label Reiter8 , creates totes from recycled boat sails . Nicola Freegard and Robin Janson , the design team behind Vy & Elle , have recycled 100 tons of vinyl billboard ads to create wallets , bags and a variety of other products . Another designer , Anna Built , has opted to create jewelry from recycled tin cans . But it 's not always easy being green . Timbuk2 , a company famous for its messenger bags , has encountered resistance in its attempt to produce totes made from discarded plastic bags . The idea seemed feasible when Timbuk2 formed a partnership with RootPhi , which developed a machine capable of bonding plastic bags together . The machine , called the Lamitron , allowed them to produce a new fabric while maintaining the visual details of the original plastic bag . See photos of the eco-friendly accessories " The timing seemed appropriate ; San Francisco had banned the use of plastic bags , and other cities worldwide were considering similar initiatives . Despite a following of 3,000 potential customers on the Timbuk2 Web site , the bags are unlikely to be sold any time soon , if at all . The companies have encountered legal and technical hiccups in their efforts to mass produce the bags . "  Everyone is afraid to be the large-scale manufacturer , to stick their toe in the water . It 's a risk and a cost issue , " says Doug Patt , co-founder of RootPhi . Tinbuk2 also found that , although trash may no longer have an owner , logos on trash still do . Target sent Timbuk2 a cease and desist letter in September when it discovered that some Lamitron bags showed the company 's bull 's - eye design . RootPhi and Timbuk2 scrambled to identify and remove the offending bags from its limited collection of prototypes . "  We encourage and promote recycling efforts , including ones that use our recycled bags , " Target said in a written statement to CNN . "  However , in this particular case we believed that the prominent use of our bull 's - eye design mark implied a sponsorship or affiliation with Timbuk2 that did not exist at that time . " Target said Timbuk2 has cooperated . Perry Klebahn , Timbuk2 's CEO , acknowledges that Target was n't technically wrong . "  The onus was on us to talk to Target and get them to say OK , in this particular case , to grant us a license . If we really are going to make use of this , we should be responsible as the manufacturer . " However , the initial draw for Timbuk2 was the possibility that it could simultaneously clean up neighborhoods and satisfy a market demand for highly localized and personalized eco-products . "  What 's great here is that no two bags are the same . ... What if you could roll into a town and make artifacts that have a local flavor ? " Klebahn asked . His vision was that one day , anyone could drop off their used shopping bags at Timbuk2 and receive a customized tote bag a few weeks later . For now , the masses will have to wait . Eco-fashion has certainly proved that it has enough caché in the fashion world . Last year , British designer Anya Hindmarch created an instant eco-fad with her $ 15 limited edition "  I Am Not A Plastic Bag " bag . The cotton bags quickly sold out in London and New York , with hundreds of people lining up for them . The bags fetched $ 400 on eBay and spawned a dizzying number of knock-offs . Atlanta , Georgia , boutique owner Joyce Justicz said she does n't think consumers buy eco-fashion exclusively for environmental reasons . "  They buy them because they 're cute , and it 's an added bonus , " she said . Will the trend last ? Yair Marcoschamer , another Ecoist co-founder , is optimistic . "  Businesses and individuals have realized that if something is n't done -LSB- about the environment -RSB- , this is going to have a profound effect on each of our lives , " he said . "  Consuming products that are fair-trade , that are environmentally responsible , is our responsibility as consumers . "	"  Cute " accessories have "  added bonus " of being environmentally friendly Eco-fashions seen on Lindsay Lohan , Cameron Diaz , other stars One designer creates totes from recycled boat sails Recycled bags with Target bull 's - eyes created legal hurdle
CNN  -- Utility companies will return Sunday to restore power in parts of Rayne , Louisiana , after a tornado pummelled the region , killing at least one person . A Louisiana mother who died sheltering her child during the tornado was identified early Sunday as Jalisa Granger , a sheriff 's office official said . The 21-year-old 's body was found by "  a family member who lived nearby " who went to check on her , said Maxine Trahan , a spokeswoman for the Acadia Parish Sheriff 's Office in Rayne , Louisiana , adding that the "  child was OK . " Granger was killed when a tree fell on her house in the storm . Eleven people were injured , she said . "  There 's a lot of damage out there , " Trahan said . "  Most residents were evacuated , leaving for other relatives ' homes . About 20  who were  evacuated did n't have somewhere to go , but were taken to the local fire department . " Utility companies will be returning to the area Sunday morning to help restore power , she said . The storm that killed Granger was one of at least two twisters tied to a weather system that has caused major damage in the state and wreaked havoc on Mardi Gras festivities . The National Weather Service confirmed that tornadoes hit the city of Rayne , about 80 miles west of Baton Rouge , and the nearby city of Crowley on Saturday morning . Packing winds between 111 and 135 mph , the tornado was 300 yards wide and produced damage over a 5-mile stretch , according to the weather service . The northwest section of Rayne was especially hard hit , with video from CNN affiliate KATC showing several buildings leveled , lots reduced to rubble and large trees knocked down . Petijean said the city 's electricity infrastructure was badly damaged , with power going out for all its 10,000 residents soon after the tornado came through . In addition , several houses were knocked off their foundations and there were reports of gas leaks , which led to mandatory evacuations of about 1,500 residents in the city 's northwest , Petijean said . The mayor said a curfew was imposed in part of the city , with people asked to stay indoors until 6 a.m. Sunday while authorities check to ensure all is safe . Some of those evacuated are being cared for by the Red Cross . The impact zone is an area about one to two square miles , said Rayne police dispatcher Whitney Thibodaux . Among the buildings affected were a public housing units and Rayne High School , with damage to the computer room , library and gym . Three people , meanwhile , suffered injuries when the twister hit Crowley , according to the National Weather Service . Debris was reported along a 2-mile-long damage path on Interstate 10 , and there was damage to a Waffle House , car wash and several residences . About 150 miles to the east , meanwhile , revelers and residents of New Orleans were soaked much of Saturday as steady rains fell on the city . This weekend -- the last one before Ash Wednesday -- is traditionally one of the busiest in The Big Easy , with people partying and enjoying Mardi Gras festivities . The weather forced several changes to the Mardi Gras schedule , including the delay of the Krewe of Endymion parade from Saturday to Sunday , according to a release from the New Orleans Police Department . Other parade-related festivities were pushed up to start earlier Saturday , given the rain-soaked forecast for Saturday afternoon and beyond . The rain stopped later Saturday in New Orleans and the weather service 's forecast called for sunny conditions Sunday , with high temperatures in the lower 60s . A flood advisory remains in effect through Monday morning for numerous communities along the Mississippi River , including parts of Chicot and Desha counties in Arkansas ; Adams , Bolivar , Isaquena , Washington , Madison and Wilkinson counties in Mississippi ; and Claiborne , East Caroll , Jefferson , Tensas and Warren parishes in Louisiana . There were also flood warnings in effect for the Atchafalaya River at Morgan City , Louisiana , through Sunday afternoon ; the Tchefuncte River in Covington , Louisiana , through Monday at noon ; and the Bogue Falaya River at Camp Covington , Louisiana , through Tuesday morning . CNN 's Rick Martin , Craig Bell , Tina Burnside and Jacqui Jeras contributed to this report .	Jalisa Granger , 21 , dies when a tree hits her house in Louisiana , the sheriff 's office says After steady rain Saturday , sun and warmth are forecast Sunday in New Orleans Flood warnings are in effect for towns along several rivers , including the Mississippi The tornado had winds as strong as 135 mph and damaged a 5-mile stretch
Financial Times  -- Mukesh Ambani , India 's richest man , has called for a generational change in the country 's gerontocratic leadership , and urged the government to move faster to implement reforms that would help meet its young population 's economic ambitions . "  We 've had a mystery -LSB- in India -RSB- where we think that -LSB- important -RSB- jobs can only be done by 60-yearr-old plus -LSB- people -RSB- ... I think we 're now fast moving to say that our 40-year-olds can take more responsibility and can perform better , " Mr Ambani , 54 , told business leaders and policymakers at the World Economic Forum 's India Economic Summit in Mumbai . He added that moving towards "  leadership -LSB- that -RSB- reflects our demographics " , should be a top priority for the country . The tycoon 's call for younger leadership comes as 41-year-old Rahul Gandhi prepares to take greater responsibility in India 's ruling Congress party from his ailing mother Sonia , the party president , and as the country 's economy recedes from much-wanted double-digit growth . Many political analysts are expecting an imminent transition of power in which Mr Gandhi -- the scion of the Nehru-Gandhi dynasty -- takes a more visible role following the treatment of his 64-year-old mother for an unknown illness in the US over the summer . Some expect him to take the party 's presidency before crucial elections in Uttar Pradesh next year . About 70 per cent of India 's 1.2 bn people are under 35 . Mr Ambani 's call to "  align leadership with demographics " is an appeal for greater dynamism in Asia 's third largest economy at a time when the administration of Manmohan Singh , the 79-year-old prime minister , is flagging . The opposition Bharatiya Janata party is led by the 83-year old L.K. Advani . Likewise , some of its leading businesses , such as the Tata Group , are led by septuagenarians . One of the top complaints of Mumbai industrialists , alongside high domestic borrowing costs , is paralysis in India 's parliament and bureaucracy following a slew of embarrassing high-profile corruption scandals . Mr Singh and his top economic team were absent from the WEF , viewed as a key investment showcase held this year for the first time in India 's financial capital . Previously , Mr Singh has used the event to sell his country 's prospects to foreign investors . Janmejaya Sinha , the chairman of the Boston Consulting Group in the Asia-Pacific region , said : "  The government 's record in addressing the big issues is abysmal . " "  The issues are ethical not economic , but we keep saying it is an economic problem , " he said about New Delhi 's failure to push through improvements in education , healthcare and power . Mr Ambani , the chairman of Reliance Industries , India 's largest family-controlled conglomerate by market capitalisation , emphasised that it was essential for the government to speed up reform to meet the demands of the fast growing private sector . "  The reality is that India is a land of a billion opportunities and not of a billion problems , " he said . Room at the top Oldies Manmohan Singh Prime minister , 79 , a respected technocrat in his second term as PM Pranab Mukherjee Finance minister , 75 , and Congress party 's troubleshooter L.K. Advani Leader of opposition Bharatiya Janata party , 83 Sonia Gandhi Congress president , 64 , Italian-born wife of murdered former PM Rajiv Gandhi Ratan Tata Tata Group chairman , 73 . A search is on for his successor at the head of one of India 's largest industrial groups Youngsters Rahul Gandhi Congress general secretary , 41 , widely tipped as a future PM Sachin Pilot Junior minister of technology , 34 , son of a late Congress politician Varun Gandhi A BJP leader , 31 , Rahul 's cousin who has gone over to the Hindu nationalist opposition Madhu Kannan Managing director of Bombay Stock Exchange , 38 Sachin Bansal FlipKart chief , 28 , founded India 's answer to Amazon.com with his brother © The Financial Times Limited 2011	India 's richest man has called for a change in the country 's gerontocratic leadership Ambani urged governmental reforms to meet its young population 's economic ambitions About 70 per cent of India 's 1.2 bn people are under 35
CNN  -- Argentina 's Supreme Court ruled Tuesday it is unconstitutional to punish an adult for private use of marijuana as long as it does n't harm anyone else . A recent poll showed 29 percent of Americans believe the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it . The unanimous ruling makes Argentina the second Latin American country in the past four days to allow personal use of a formerly illegal drug . The case in question involved five young men who were arrested for having a few marijuana cigarettes in their pockets . Supreme Court Justice Carlos Fayt , who at one time supported laws that make personal use of marijuana illegal , told the state-run Telam news agency that "  reality " changed his mind . Argentina 's action came amid growing momentum in Latin America toward decriminalization of possessing small amounts of certain drugs . Mexico enacted a law Friday that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs , including marijuana , heroin , cocaine and LSD . Earlier this year , a Brazilian appeals court ruled that possession of drugs for personal use is not illegal . Analysts see the shift in attitude as recognition that current methods in the war on drugs are not working . "  It seems quite clear that drug policy based primarily on interdiction and enforcement has failed , " said Robert Pastor , a Latin America national security adviser for President Jimmy Carter in the late 1970s . "  Therefore , it 's natural for people to stand back and ask , ` Is there a better way ? ' " Pastor noted that some recent research has shown that handling drug use as a health challenge and focusing on treatment may be more efficient . "  What Argentina and Mexico are doing in many ways is blazing a new path , " Pastor said . Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute in Washington , sees a trend at work . "  It 's all part of a harm-reduction approach , " Hakim said , noting that policymakers are shifting away from getting rid of drugs and toward figuring out how to reduce harm to users and society . Mexico has been considering decriminalization for several years , particularly under the administration of former President Vicente Fox , who held office from 2000-2006 . But efforts by the Mexican congress toward decriminalization met with strong resistance from the administration of U.S. President George W. Bush . "  Mexico tried it under Fox and the U.S. got so snippety that they had to back down , " Hakim said . President Obama 's inauguration in January may have changed the calculus , analysts said . The Mexican congress passed the measure in April and President Felipe Calderon quietly signed it into law . In a visit to the United States , Fox said in May a new approach is needed . "  I believe it 's time to open the debate over legalizing drugs , " he told CNN . "  It must be done in conjunction with the United States , but it is time to open the debate . " Earlier this year , Fox 's predecessor and two other former leaders of Latin American nations also called for the decriminalization of marijuana for personal use and a change in strategy in the war on drugs . The three ex-presidents were members of the 17-nation Latin American Commission on Drugs and Democracy , which issued its recommendations in February after studying the issue for a year . "  The problem is that current policies are based on prejudices and fears and not on results , " former Colombian President Cesar Gaviria said at a news conference in which the commission 's recommendations were presented . Former President Fernando Henrique Cardoso of Brazil said the group called for only the decriminalization of marijuana and not other illicit drugs because "  you have to start somewhere . " Fox 's predecessor , Ernesto Zedillo , was president of Mexico from 1994 to 2000 . Gaviria was president of Colombia from 1990 to 1994 . And Cardoso led Brazil from 1995 to 2002 . In his swing through the United States , Fox said any change in drug laws must be accompanied by an education campaign in schools and homes . And because the United States is a large consumer of marijuana that comes from Latin America , any steps toward legalization must be supported in Washington , he said . Gaviria had said in February that the time was right to start a debate on the subject because of the new administration in Washington . "  In many states in the United States , as is the case in California , they have begun to change federal policies with regard to tolerating marijuana for therapeutic purposes . And in Washington there 's some consensus that the current policy is failing , " Gaviria said . The Inter-American Dialogue 's Hakim said one recent poll showed that 29 percent of Americans think the best way to deal with marijuana is to legalize it . Pastor , the former Carter official , wondered whether anyone in Washington is paying attention . "  The question , " he said Tuesday , "  is whether the United States will be open to this new path . "	NEW : Argentina court : It 's unconstitutional to punish adult for private use of marijuana Justice tells state-run news agency "  reality " changed his mind Mexico enacted law that decriminalizes possessing low quantities of most drugs
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The Church of England is offering unmarried parents who want to tie the knot the option of having baptisms for their children at the same time . Statistics show an increasing number of couples live together before their wedding day , the church says . The offer is a response to demand after church-sponsored research showed that 20 percent of couples getting married in a church already had children , whether together or from a previous relationship , the church said . It is also a way to make the church more welcoming for unmarried parents and their families , a church spokesman said . The church is issuing new guidelines to priests that encourage them to offer parents the option of having a baptism or thanksgiving service for their child 's birth at the same time as their wedding . The guidelines also advise priests on how to perform the dual ceremonies , the spokesman said . "  Patterns of relationship and marriage within society are presenting new opportunities for the church , " said Bishop of Wakefield , Stephen Platten , who chairs the Church of England 's Liturgical Commission . "  We are therefore offering guidance on how thanksgiving for the gift of a child , or indeed baptism , might be incorporated within a marriage service so that the church can respond pastorally to our changing world if a priest feels it would be advisable to offer this option . " What do you think of the offer ? Have your say It has always been possible to hold both ceremonies at the same time , but priests did n't always know how to go about it , spokesman Howard Dobson said . The guidelines make it easier for priests to know how to offer and perform the dual ceremonies , he said . Research from Britain 's Office of National Statistics shows that for many couples , having children is now the first major milestone of adult life , ahead of marriage -- in contrast to their parents ' generation , the church said . Statistics also show an increasing number of couples now live together before their wedding day , the church said . The Church of England said it hopes the ideas "  will help churches show their welcome for couples with children , and give the whole family a special occasion and a new beginning . "	Church of England looking to be more welcoming to unmarried parents Church research : 20 percent of couples getting married already had children Parents offered baptism for their child at the same time as their wedding
CNN  -- Too soon ? While many are still mourning the loss of comedic icon Joan Rivers , Texas Gov. Rick Perry invoked her death to defend a controversial abortion bill he signed last year . "  It was interesting that when Joan Rivers -- and the procedure that she had done , where she died -- that was  at  a clinic . It 's a curious thought that if they had had that type of regulations in place , whether or not that individual would be still alive , " Perry said at a Texas Tribune event Sunday . The regulation Perry referenced requires abortion clinics in Texas to meet the same facility standards as ambulatory surgery clinics in the state . Critics contend that the law is one of the most restrictive in the nation , but Perry told the audience that he supports the measure . "  The will of the Texas legislature -- which I agree with --  says  that it is a state 's right to put particular types of considerations into place -- to put rules and regulations into place -- to make a clinic be as safe as a hospital , " Perry said . The investigation into River 's death is ongoing , but her personal throat doctor denies "  performing an unauthorized procedure " before the star suffered cardiac arrest . This is not the first awkward comparison made by the potential 2016 presidential candidate this year . In June , Perry received harsh criticism for an analogy he made between homosexuality and an alcoholism . Up close with Rick Perry 's Hail Mary "  I may have the genetic coding that I 'm inclined to be an alcoholic , but I have the desire not to do that , and I look at the homosexual issue the same way , " Perry said at a speech in San Francisco in June . He later walked back his comment explaining , "  I stepped right in it ... We need to be a really respectful and tolerant country to everybody . " 4 reasons why Rick Perry 's exercise of power got him in trouble	Rick Perry suggests Joan Rivers might still be alive if she 'd been treated in Texas clinic Perry signed law that requires abortion clinics to meet the same facility standards as ambulatory surgery clinics
CNN  -- Lindsey Vonn of the United States lived up to her billing as the golden girl of the Winter Olympics with a dominant victory in the women 's downhill at Whistler Creekside on Wednesday . Vonn had been troubled by a shin injury in the build-up to the Games in Vancouver but showed no ill-effects with a blistering run of one minute 44.19 seconds to win her first Olympic medal of any color . The Minnesotan , the reigning world champion in the discipline and totally dominant on the World Cup circuit in the build-up to Games , decimated the time set by fellow American Julia Mancuso by over half a second from start number 16 . "  I dreamed about what this would feel like but it is much better in real life , " said the 25-year-old . "  I ca n't stop crying . This is everything that I ever wanted and hoped for . I had a lot of ups and downs in my career . Standing here today at the finish , and to win , is amazing . " Vonn is also the first American woman to win downhill gold and the first to win a speed event at the Olympics since Picabo Street triumphed in the super-G at Nagano in 1998 . Elisabeth Goergl of Austria won the bronze medal , fully 1.46 seconds adrift of Vonn , just edging out compatriot Andrea Fishbacher for the final podium position . Experienced Swede Anja Paerson looked to be mounting a dangerous challenge to Vonn on the early part of the course , but took a heavy fall on one of the numerous jumps and needed medical attention . Germany 's Maria Riesch , a great friend of Vonn 's and her closest challenger in the overall World Cup standings this season , could only finish a disappointing eighth . Vonn , who was injured at the Turin Games four years ago , but bravely still took part , is competing in five events this time around and has strong medal chances in each , particularly in the Super-Combined and super-G disciplines . Her husband and coach Thomas Vonn had no doubts she would claim gold with her first attempt despite her pre-Games injury scare . "  For Lindsey to come though , under this kind of pressure and with her shin injury , is fantastic , " he said . "  Lindsey called me before the race and told me , ' I think I got this . I may not need you , " he added . She will next be in action in Thursday 's Super-Combined event . There was further triumph for the United States in the men 's speed skating as Shani Davis retained his 1,000 meters crown at the Richmond Olympic Oval . Davis is the first man in Winter Games history to achieve the feat as he enjoyed a victory margin of 0.19 seconds over South Korea 's Mo Tae-Bum . Another American , Chad Hedrick , took bronze . And the U.S. gold rush continued with a commanding performance from Shaun White in snowboarding 's half-pipe final to successfully defend his Olympic title . White had a massive four-point lead over compatriot Scott Lago after the first run and rounded off an incredible display with a series of trademark moves in his second effort which scored a massive 48.4 points . Elsewhere , there were golds in the cross country sprint races for Nikita Kruikov of Russia in the men 's event and in the women 's for Norway 's Marit Bjoergen , who also won bronze in the 10km freestyle event on Monday . In the men 's luge doubles event , the Linger brothers from Austria , Wolfgang and Andreas , successfully defended the title they won in Turin ahead of the Latvian pair of Andris and Juris Sics . China won their first gold of the sixth day in the short track speed skating as Wang Meng took the 500 meters event by a convincing margin as she pulled clear of the field in the final after a series of false starts .	Lindsey Vonn wins Olympic women 's downhill title with dominant display Vonn beats fellow American Julia Mancuso by over half a second at Whistler Creekside NEW : Shani Davis of United States retains his Olympic title in men 's 1,000 m speed skating NEW : Shaun White adds to U.S. gold rush with successful defense of his half-pipe crown
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Health workers administering polio vaccinations to children came under attack in northern Pakistan on Tuesday , killing their police escort , authorities said . Two women administering the shots entered a house on the outskirts of Mardan when two assailants on a motorbike opened fire of them , according to Danishwar Khan , a local police official . The women were not injured . Attacks like these have become a frequent occurrence in some parts of Pakistan and have left 10 workers dead . Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated . Read more : At the U.N. , a vow to eradicate polio by 2015 Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion after the CIA 's use of a fake vaccination program in 2011 to collect DNA samples from residents of Osama bin Laden 's compound to verify the al Qaeda leader 's presence there . Bin Laden was killed by U.S. forces in May 2011 . In June , a Taliban commander in northwest Pakistan announced a ban on polio vaccines for children in the region as long as the United States continues its campaign of drone strikes in the region , the Taliban said . It was n't immediately clear if the Taliban played a role in Tuesday 's attacks . Polio , a highly infectious viral disease that can cause permanent paralysis in a matter of hours , has been eradicated around the world except for three countries where it is endemic : Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan . After the number of cases spiked sharply last year , Pakistan stepped up its eradication efforts . The numbers fell from 173 in 2011 to 58 in 2012 , according to the Global Polio Eradication Initiative .	NEW : Pakistan is one of three countries in the world where polio has yet to be eradicated NEW : The Taliban announced a ban on polio vaccinations in June 10 workers have been killed in recent months Pakistanis have viewed polio vaccination campaigns with suspicion
CNN  -- Williams will revert to using Renault engines in the 2012 and 2013 Formula One seasons , restoring a partnership that led to the most successful era in the team 's history . The Britain-based outfit won four drivers ' titles and five constructors ' championships with cars powered by the French manufacturer between 1989 to 1997 , triumphing in 63 races . Nigel Mansell , Alain Prost , Damon Hill and Jacques Villeneuve all finished on top at season 's end . However , Williams has not won a grand prix since 2004 and languishes in ninth place in the teams ' standings this season with four points from eight rounds . The new deal will end a two-year association with Cosworth . "  This reunites the F1 team with a leading car manufacturer and complements our new relationship with Jaguar , " team principal Frank Williams told the Williams F1 website on Monday . Hamilton predicts ` best British GP ever ' "  At the same time , we are grateful to Cosworth : they have been a fair and reliable partner both on and off the track for the past two years and we look forward to working with them across our business in the future . "  Our previous relationship with Renault was one of the most successful in Williams ' history but we will not allow ourselves to dwell too much on the past . We must look to the future and continue to re-build our on-track reputation , which I am hopeful that today 's announcement will help us to do . " The partnership will include other marketing and business liaisons , and is expected to continue when the new turbo-charged energy-efficient V6 engines are introduced to F1 from 2014 . "  Together we produced racing cars that are recognized for their technical innovation , and it is still Renault 's most successful period in F1 to date , " Renault Sport F1 president Bernard Rey said . It means Renault will supply four of the sport 's 12 teams from next year , along with world champions Red Bull , Team Lotus and the outfit it used to own , the renamed Lotus Renault . . "  It puts us ahead of other engine manufacturers in terms of market share , but off track it will also enable us to further use Formula One as a marketing platform for our parent company , Renault , to try to bring a bit of this association to our fans and our customers worldwide , " Rey said . "  Williams has recently taken several important steps , both commercially and technically , to update its operations and we feel that this partnership is another important step in its rigorous plan . " Meanwhile , Marussia Virgin Racing announced a new deal with McLaren on Monday that is intended to boost the struggling team 's performance . The Britain-based Russian outfit , which is yet to earn a point in 2011 , will have access to McLaren 's Applied Technologies arm -- including facilities such as the team 's wind tunnel , driver simulators and race strategy tools . Chief executive Andy Webb said the team had also bought out the F1 business of its former technical partner WRT , which was owned by ex-director Nick Wirth . "  When we undertook our detailed review of the team in the first half of 2011 , it was clear that our bold ambitions for the future would need to be matched with some equally bold steps towards achieving them , " Webb told the Marussia Virgin website . "  I am delighted that in a relatively short space of time we are now in the fantastic position of being able to make these two very important announcements , which will enable us to make some dramatic strides forward with immediate effect . "  McLaren is one of the most prestigious and successful marques in Grand Prix racing history , with an enviable record of success over many years . We can benefit enormously from McLaren 's far-reaching techniques and capabilities and I have no doubt that this partnership will see us take the technical steps necessary to make a significant leap forwards . "	Williams to restore successful partnership with French engine manufacturer British team won four drivers ' titles and five manufacturers ' crowns with Renault It has not won a race since 2004 , having used Renault engines from 1989 to 1997 Struggling Marussia Virgin Racing team announces new partnership with McLaren
CNN  -- After deliberating for more than four hours , a jury convicted a Nevada man of 22 counts Tuesday for videotaping himself sexually assaulting a toddler , CNN affiliates report . Chester Arthur Stiles has been convicted of videtaping a sexual assault on a child . Chester Arthur Stiles , 38 , faces a maximum sentence of life in prison . He was convicted of lewdness with a child , sexual assault with a minor , attempted sexual assault with a minor and other related charges . He showed no reaction as the verdict was read after more than four hours of jury deliberations , according to KLAS . Sentencing was set for May 8 . The crime triggered a national manhunt and search for the girl when the tape surfaced in 2007 . Jurors in Stiles ' trial viewed the videotape , but the judge would not allow members sitting in the gallery to view it , and a screen was put up to block the jury box , said Michael Sommermeyer , spokesman for Clark County , Nevada , courts . Some members of the media were allowed to view the tape as well , but the judge did not want the reactions of reporters or the public to influence jurors , he said . The charges also related to another girl who Stiles was accused of sexually assaulting on videotape . The tape was given to authorities in September 2007 by a man who said he had found it in the desert five months before . On it , police found images of the small girl being sexually assaulted . After attempting unsuccessfully to find out the girl 's identity , authorities turned to the media for help and released a picture of the girl , and the case drew nationwide attention . She was found in October 2007 . An attorney for her mother said she was 7 years old and safe and healthy . The rape occurred before the girl 's third birthday , while she was in the care of a baby-sitter her mother had hired , he said . The mother did not know the girl had been victimized . After the girl was found , authorities asked CNN and other news organizations to stop showing her picture . In an appearance on "  The Dr. Phil Show , " the girl 's mother said the girl has no recollection of the assault . Stiles , a resident of Pahrump , Nevada , was arrested in a traffic stop in October 2007 . Police said at the time they pulled Stiles ' car over because it had no license plate , and became suspicious when the driver displayed an expired California license with a photo that did not match his appearance . Stiles eventually admitted who he was and that he was being sought , authorities said . The man who turned the tape over to authorities , Darrin Tuck , faced criminal charges because of the delay in turning it over , during which authorities alleged he showed it to others . A judge gave Tuck a one-year suspended sentence and three years of probation in April after he pleaded guilty to conspiracy to obstruct a public officer , according to the Las Vegas Review-Journal . He initially had faced a felony count of possession of child pornography .	NEW : Chester Arthur Stiles guilty of all counts in child sex video case NEW : Sentencing for Stiles scheduled for May 8 Stiles could be sent to prison for the rest of his life Tape surfaced in 2007 , years after alleged assault
CNN  -- Worried that her job might be cut in Texas , IT professional Elisa Sumner took a big step by deciding to work on the other side of the world in Shanghai , China . Sumner 's high-tech company in Austin , Texas , was laying off people in her area of the business and hiring aggressively in Asia . The 45-year-old decided to take a job in Shanghai and move with her company , even though she could have eventually found work elsewhere in the United States . Sumner 's husband , Joel Sumner , a senior research and development manager , followed her to China with a job that has evolved into something "  bigger " than his old one . In addition to their careers , Elisa Sumner said the move was a chance at a "  new and interesting " life experience for both of them , because they had never lived outside the United States together . "  I probably could have found another job in Austin , but it would have taken some time to find a position given my skill set and seniority , " Sumner said . The couple , married 12 years , arrived in China with just three suitcases each  and a small shipment of items  and left their two adult children behind for their new overseas careers . So far , they 're glad they made the move two years ago and say , "  It has been an amazing experience filled with a lot of adventure . " How common is the Sumners ' story ? Although it is encouraged , a U.S. State Department official said Americans working in China are not required to register their status with the United States , so it 's not exactly clear how many expatriates are employed there . The Chinese have n't made it clear , either , how many Americans are working in their country . Scott Kennedy , director of the Research Center for Chinese Politics and Business at Indiana University , said long-term residence there is still no more than a niche option for the vast majority of Americans , but the total number of Americans is rising , as is their status . Kennedy said there used to be a very small Western expat community in Beijing and Shanghai , but those communities have grown substantially , and smaller communities have emerged in other Chinese coastal and inland cities . It 's not just China that has captured the attention of Americans . Gregory Hubbs , editor-in-chief of Transitions Abroad , a clearinghouse for international job advice and opportunities , has seen a significant spike in inquiries from Americans interested in expat employment since the economy began to tank in 2007 . "  The year 2010 represented the high-water mark thus far in terms of such inquiries , " said Hubbs . "  We are receiving many more submissions and inquiries currently from individuals who are or who have been confronting the consequences of the weak economy . " Hubbs said Europe is the most popular destination for work abroad in terms of searches , with Italy , France , Spain , the UK and Germany topping the list . A spokeswoman for the Peace Corps said applications are trending up for her organization as well . "  In 2010 , the agency received nearly 13,500 applications for volunteer positions around the world , " said Kelly McCormack . Teaching jobs are spiking , too , according to Matthew Redman with the Council on International Educational Exchange . He said there are more people participating in teach abroad programs than pre-2008 . Work life for the Sumners in China For the Sumners , assimilating into the culture has not always been easy . But they are glad they 've accepted the challenge and they 've made new friends and professional contacts along the way . "  When I moved to Shanghai , there were a number of people who did n't know why I had come here and it was hard to break down the walls with some of my colleagues , " said Elisa Sumner . "  Once my new team realized I was here to help and that I could use my network and knowledge from the U.S. to bolster the Asia-based team , things improved dramatically . " The language barrier has been challenging to navigate , too , she said . "  If the person you are interacting with has good English , then you can develop some sort of relationship or bond with them , " Joel Sumner said . "  But if we have to resort to our functional Chinese , we 're interacting at a very primitive level focused on accomplishing the task at hand . " At work , the Sumners are surrounded by people who speak English , but will rely on interpreters from time to time . "  In my workplace , nearly everyone is Chinese and is a graduate of a Chinese engineering school , " Joel Sumner said . "  They all learn English starting in elementary school . " Everyone 's situation is different , but the Sumners said the overall work conditions for them are similar to what they experienced in America , because they work for U.S.-based tech companies . "  My building is clean and secure in a very large office complex with about 500 other major high-tech companies , " Joel Sumner said . Although China is communist , the Sumners said it almost seems "  more capitalist than the U.S. at times , " because state-controlled industries are being privatized . "  The Chinese seem generally more hungry for achievement than the U.S. -- it is a nation of entrepreneurs , " Joel Sumner said . There are other differences . "  We do worry about who is reading our e-mail or listening to our phone calls , but it is more fleeting than some cold-war thriller movie , " Joel Sumner said . Elisa Sumner said work-life balance for them in China is different than in the United States . "  You rarely see people working through lunch , on holidays or on the weekends -- things that were common to us at home , " she said . Money matters Overseas work and lifestyle experiences greatly differ from person to person and city to city . In China , Shanghai , Beijing and Hong Kong are expensive places to live , with prices for top-range apartments reaching $ 10,000  U.S.  monthly rent or more , according to a variety of published reports . Americans can live relatively cheaply  U.S. $ 1,000 a month  if they stick to the living standards of the lower - and middle-class ends of the local population . Outside China 's big cities , prices for everything drop , often by more than half . The Sumners said they are paid roughly the same as they would make in the United States and live in an above-average 1,500 square foot apartment in Shanghai 's Changning District , which is partially supplemented by their employers .  Their 22-year-old son watches over their 2,400 square foot suburban home back in Texas . The couple has a part-time house cleaner who comes to their Chinese apartment twice a week for 2-3 hours a time and she is paid $ 75  U.S.  a month , which they consider a nice luxury . They do n't own a car  they drove everywhere in Texas  and take the subway to work or use an electric scooter , which is typical for living in Shanghai . As residents of China , the Sumners pay Chinese and U.S. taxes and "  pay a little more in taxes than we paid in the U.S. " "  Aside from housing , living in China is a lot cheaper for us than the U.S. , " Joel Sumner said . So how do you find a job overseas ? Some companies move their employees overseas for work , like the Sumners . Websites such as Transitions Abroad and Go Abroad offer travel guides and employment listings for people looking to do it on their own . Hubbs offered five tips on making the move overseas : 1  Be open-minded when pursuing work abroad . "  As a result of the current global economic situation , it often helps to broaden geographic and career pursuit possibilities based on factors including , but not limited to , commercial areas of growth , potential earnings , and the related standard of living , " said Hubbs . 2  Research your destination in every possible way . Hubbs said , "  Research as much as possible the economic drivers and conditions of the destination country , and then pursue work in either growth areas , or in areas where you can directly apply your developed expertise . " 3  Students and new grads : Consider resumé-building experiences . Examples of such positions include , but are not limited to , internships , au-pair work , leading travel tours , working at youth hostels or on cruise ships . These types of jobs , while they do not pay much , allow for interesting and often life-changing travel along with networking opportunities for future professions , said Hubbs . 4  Assess what you bring to the table . Given the fact that many countries across the globe are under economic pressure , in many instances there are fewer opportunities for those who come from other countries seeking work opportunities . Therefore , it is important to determine how one 's skill set would give them a competitive advantage , Hubbs said . 5  Pursue entrepreneurship . Hubbs said the internet continues to provide more "  location-neutral " work opportunities for those with an entrepreneurial spirit . "  Blogging or building a website to support their travels remotely in relatively inexpensive countries is becoming a viable option for those willing to learn new technologies while networking , " he said .	An American couple moves to China for work and tells their story to CNN.com . Expert has seen a spike in inquiries from Americans interested in expat employment A spokeswoman for the Peace Corps says applications are trending up
All presidential decisions are , in the end , difficult and complex . And under any circumstance , the decisions on issues of war  surgical strikes included  are agonizing . The decision to use force -- the repercussions , the cost in blood and treasure , the geostrategic implications -- is complicated and the implications obviously immense . But as the Syria story unfolds , there is an almost Shakespearean drama beneath the surface -- one of political careers made and broken , of past positions held and almost abandoned . Not to mention the political enemies now finding themselves -- awkwardly -- on the same side of history . As the public debate plays out , the political past lingers , and haunts every moment . First consider the irony of Barack Obama himself . It 's no surprise to anyone that this president is a reluctant warrior . His rise to national prominence was based , in part , on his antiwar sentiment on Iraq . In the past , he 's been a forceful proponent of the need for congressional authorization for the use of force . He tells the American people , at every opportunity , that he is extracting us from two wars . That was at the top of his to-do list , and he 's doing it . So now this , er , wrinkle in which Obama becomes the conscientious aggressor . He is the president who defends his National Security Agency surveillance strategy and his frequent use of drones to an unhappy Democratic base . He drew the red line on chemical weapons  which he now explains was also the world 's red line  . He 's certain we need to hit Bashar al-Assad but seeks support from a Congress he generally disdains . Like Lewis Carroll 's Alice in "  Through the Looking Glass , " Obama could well be asking , "  I know who I WAS when I got up this morning , but I think I must have been changed several times since then . " Indeed . As the president himself pointed out Wednesday in Sweden , "  had I been in the Senate , I would have suggested Congress have the ability to weigh in . " It was hardly lost on him that it would seem , well , a tad hypocritical that someone who had spoken repeatedly about a congressional buy-in on the use of force was now willing to go it alone . So after the British said no , the president looked homeward for a coalition of the willing . And so , another irony : The president 's legacy now is in the hands of a notoriously paralyzed and partisan Congress -- a Congress that has n't exactly friended him . And that brings us to the agony part of this drama -- Sen. John McCain . Here 's the man who lost to Obama in 2008 and remains his foreign policy nemesis . McCain is the GOP 's major  and increasingly lonely  hawk-in-residence . He thinks Obama made a huge mistake in not arming the Syrian rebels and charges the president with dawdling for two years while this civil war intensified . Oh , and by the way , he believes Obama 's surgical strike is too little , too late . And yet , here he is , on the verge of supporting Obama -- and taking on the libertarians in his own party . And not because he likes him , and not because he likes the policy -- but because he believes that a congressional no-vote could be "  catastrophic " for the nation . In the end , he may still balk because the mission , as defined by Congress , is too narrow . But he clearly wants to find a way to stand with the president . "  Alice in Wonderland " would be right at home . "  I ca n't go back to yesterday , " she understood . "  Because I was a different person then . "	Gloria Borger : Decisions about military strikes are always agonizing and difficult She says the Syria decision features a president who famously opposed a war Also in spotlight is John McCain , who lost to Obama and disapproves of his foreign policy Borger : McCain may wind up backing Obama on Syria to avoid catastrophic defeat for U.S.
Traitor or patriot ? Low-level systems analyst or highly trained spy ? Slammed by top U.S. government officials and facing espionage charges in the United States , former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden described how he sees himself during an interview with NBC "  Nightly News " broadcast Wednesday . And he defended his decision to leak documents about classified U.S. government surveillance programs . We 've heard from Snowden a few times before , but the NBC interview with anchor Brian Williams inside a Moscow hotel was his first on an American television network . Here are 10 key points from the interview with the 30-year-old former NSA contractor : 1 . Snowden thinks he 's a patriot . "  I think patriot is a word that 's thrown around so much that it can be devalued nowadays , " he said . "  Being a patriot does n't mean prioritizing service to government above all else . Being a patriot means knowing when to protect your country , knowing when to protect your Constitution , knowing when to protect your countrymen , from the violations of and encroachments of adversaries . And those adversaries do n't have to be foreign countries . " That assessment drew a sharp response from U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry , who spoke with NBC earlier Wednesday . "  Patriots do n't go to Russia . They do n't seek asylum in Cuba . They do n't seek asylum in Venezuela . They fight their cause here , " Kerry said . "  Edward Snowden is a coward . He is a traitor . And he has betrayed his country . And if he wants to come home tomorrow to face the music , he can do so . " 2 . Snowden says he was trained as a spy . U.S. President Barack Obama famously referred to Snowden as a hacker last year , and other officials have described him as a low-ranking analyst . That 's misleading , Snowden said . "  I was trained as a spy in sort of the traditional sense of the word -- in that I lived and worked undercover , overseas , pretending to work in a job that I 'm not -- and even being assigned a name that was not mine , " Snowden said . "  Now , the government might deny these things . They might frame it in certain ways , and say , oh , well , you know , he 's a low-level analyst . But what they 're trying to do is they 're trying to use one position that I 've had in a career , here or there , to distract from the totality of my experience . " 3 . Russia is n't where he expected to end up , but he 's managing . "  I personally am surprised that I ended up here , " Snowden said . "  The reality is I never intended to end up in Russia . I had a flight booked to Cuba onwards to Latin America , and I was stopped because the United States government decided to revoke my passport and trap me in the Moscow airport . " There 's a culture gap , and it 's been an adjustment . "  But even though I did n't choose to be here , even though circumstances really trapped me here , I can adapt . I can live life as an American more or less . That 's the beauty of the Internet is that we 're no longer tied to our communities by physical connections , " he said . 4 . Like a lot of us , he 's been spending his free time watching old episodes of "  The Wire . " "  I 'm really enjoying it , " he said , though he added that the second season is "  not so great . " 5 . He 's not happy about some things the Russian government is doing . Snowden says he has no ties with the Russian government , and he is n't happy with some of its policies . "  It 's really frustrating for someone who 's working so hard to expand the domain of our rights and our privacy to end up stuck in a place where those rights are being challenged in ways that I would consider deeply unfair , " he said . There 's no good reason , for example , for a recent law requiring bloggers to register in Russia , he said . "  I ca n't think of any basis for a law like that , not just in Russia , but any country , " he said . "  The government should n't regulate the operations of a free press . " So why does n't he do something about it . "  There 's so much that needs to be defended here in Russia , but I 'm limited by my inability to speak Russian , and so on . It 's an isolating and frustrating thing . " 6 . It only takes a cell phone for spy agencies in the United States and other countries to find out a lot about you if they want to . And that 's even if you 're just Googling something simple , Snowden said , like a sports score  Williams told Snowden he 'd recently searched for the score of a New York Rangers game  . "  The NSA , the Russian intelligence service , the Chinese intelligence service , any intelligence service in the world that has significant funding and a real technological research team can own that phone the minute it connects to their network , " Snowden said . They can turn on a phone remotely if it 's off , he said . And even a detail like a Google search for a sports score can reveal a lot about you . "  You probably speak English . You are probably an American . You are interested in this sport . They might know what your habits are , " Snowden said . ` Where were you in the world when you checked the score ? Do you check it when you travel ? Do you check it when you 're at home ? They could tell your pattern of life . Where are you doing these activities ? When do you wake up ? When do you go to sleep ? What other phones are around you ? Are you with someone who 's not your wife ? Are you someplace that you should n't be ? " 7 . He wants to return to the United States someday . "  If I could go anywhere in the world , that place would be home , " he said . But he responded with a series of questions rather than specifics when asked what he missed about home . "  What do n't I miss ? What would you miss ? What would n't you miss ? " he said . "  I miss my family . I miss my home . I miss my colleagues . I miss the work . " 8 . So why does n't he come back to the United States to face charges ? Snowden says that 's a fair question , but an ignorant one . Because he was charged under the Espionage Act , Snowden says he has no chance to make a public defense of his case . "  You are not allowed to argue based on all the evidence in your favor because that evidence may be classified , " he said . "  When people say , ` Why do n't you face the music ? ' I say , ` You have to understand the music is not an open court and a fair trial . ' " 9 . Why did Snowden leak classified documents ? He says he had no choice . "  The reality is , the situation determined that this needed to be told to the public . The Constitution of the United States had been violated on a massive scale , " Snowden told Williams . "  Now , had that not happened , had the government not gone too far and overreached , we would n't be in a situation where whistleblowers were necessary . " The U.S. government , Snowden said , is using the threat of terrorism "  to justify programs that have never been shown to keep us safe but cost us liberties and freedoms that we do n't need to give up and our Constitution says we should n't give up . " 10 . He says he tried to go through official channels before leaking information but met dead ends . Among the people he contacted , Snowden said , was the NSA 's general counsel office . "  I reported that there were real problems with the way the NSA was interpreting its legal authorities , " Snowden said . "  And the response , more or less , in bureaucratic language was , ` you should stop asking questions . ' " On Thursday , the NSA released what it said was a copy of an e-mail exchange between Snowden and its general counsel office . Snowden 's e-mail asked for clarification of training course material and "  did not raise allegations or concerns about wrongdoing or abuse , " according to the Office of the Director of National Intelligence .	Former NSA contractor Edward Snowden speaks to NBC 's Brian Williams He says he considers himself a patriot , and that he was trained as a spy Snowden says he 's surprised he ended up in Russia He says he has no ties with the Russian government and does n't like some of its policies
CNN  -- Doctors say Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is on her way to a full recovery after a blood clot was found in her head on Sunday night . She was discharged from New York Presbyterian Hospital on Wednesday after spending three days being treated , the State Department announced . Clinton 's blood clot was located in the vein between the brain and skull behind her right ear , according to her doctors ' statement . It is being treated with blood thinners and did not result in a stroke or any neurological damage . This type of blood clot is called a cerebral vein thrombosis and is relatively rare , said Dr. Mary Cushman , director of the Thrombosis and Hemostasis Program at the University of Vermont and chair of the American Society of Hematology 's subcommittee on quality of care . A two-year study conducted in the Netherlands found cerebral vein thrombosis affects approximately 1 in every 100,000 people . In comparison , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says 1 in 1,000 people are affected by deep venous thrombosis  DVT  -- a similar clot found most often in the leg . Clinton , now 65 , suffered from a DVT in 1998 . Anyone who has had a blood clot in the past is at a higher risk of getting one again . About one-third of people with DVT will have a recurrence within 10 years , according to the CDC . "  There are a handful of genetic conditions that predispose someone to these kinds of clots , " Cushman said . "  That 's why you might see two different  types of blood clots  in the same person . " It 's unknown if Clinton has a genetic condition that may increase her risk . Other risk factors for DVT include smoking , use of oral contraceptives , age  the risk increases over age 65  and obesity . Blood clots : 4 things you need to know A large long-term study published in the journal PLoS One in 2007 found the more frequently a person travels , the higher their risk of blood clots . The blood in veins is fighting gravity to get back to the heart , Cushman said , and needs the leg muscles to help push it along . When a person is sedentary for long periods of time -- especially on a plane or in a car where the legs are in the same position for hours -- the blood can start to clot . Clinton has logged many miles as secretary of state , in addition to the time spent traveling as a former presidential candidate and first lady . Although she plans to step down from the State Department soon , there is a lot of speculation about a run for president in 2016 . Blood clots would n't deter her from campaigning if that 's what she chooses , said Dr. Jack Ansell , an expert in thrombosis at Lenox Hill Hospital who is not involved in Clinton 's care . "  Travel is potentially an issue for the secretary , but I would imagine that when she travels she 's not sitting in a coach seat , cramped up and sitting still , " Ansell said . Experts recommend anyone with a history of blood clots stand up and walk every couple hours during long trips . They should also avoid alcoholic drinks prior to traveling -- dehydration can contribute to the formation of blood clots . Doctors often recommend wearing compression stockings , which help move blood along in the legs by narrowing the veins . Clinton may remain on blood thinners for several months or for the foreseeable future , said Dr. Evan Lipsitz , chief of vascular surgery at Montefiore Medical Center , who is not treating the secretary of state . "  The current recommendations are for at least three months of treatment with a blood thinner following a clot . Each case much be individualized depending on the size and location of the clot and the risk of bleeding as a result of the treatment , " Lipsitz said . Often patients on these medications are monitored closely , having their blood checked once a month or every couple of months to ensure the dosage is right . Lipsitz makes his patients aware of typical blood clot symptoms  sudden pain or swelling in the limbs , or chest pain and shortness of breath caused by a blood clot traveling toward the lungs  so they can spot them and get treated quickly . Patients on blood thinners need to avoid physical trauma , Cushman said , but are otherwise fine . So while an NFL player or a construction worker would probably be out , Clinton 's career going forward is still full of possibilities . "  I think her future is as good as her past , " Ansell said . "  She should recover fully and get back to work . " CNN 's Mary Snow , Danielle Dellorto and Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton 's blood clot is called a cerebral vein thrombosis and is relatively rare Anyone who has had a blood clot in the past is at a higher risk of getting one again It 's unknown if Clinton has a genetic condition that may increase her risk
CNN  -- Have you always been something of a risk-taker , or have you tried to avoid risks like the plague ? Do you get uncomfortable with too much optimism or praise , or are you known for your sunny outlook ? The answer to these questions is remarkably simple , but powerful enough to change your life . In a nutshell , there are two ways to look at your goals . Let 's start with a goal many of us share : "  doing my job well . " For some of us , doing our jobs well is about the potential for advancement , achievement and rewards . It 's about what we might gain if we are successful . If you are someone who sees your goals this way , you have what 's called a promotion focus . For the rest of us , doing our jobs well is about security -- about not losing everything we 've worked so hard for . When you are prevention focused , you want to avoid danger , fulfill your responsibilities , and be someone people can count on . You want to keep things running smoothly . Read more : 8 things future leaders must know What 's important to know is that promotion and prevention-focused people work very differently to reach the same goal . They use different strategies , have different strengths , and are prone to different kinds of mistakes . One group will be motivated by applause , the other by criticism . One group may give up too soon -- the other may not know when to quit . The key to reaching your goals -- at work and everywhere else -- is to identify your focus , and learn to work with it instead of against it . There are online assessments you can take to identify your motivational focus , but you can also get a pretty good sense of it by comparing your own behavior to the following descriptions . Promotion people are creative and innovative , comfortable taking chances , optimistic , speedy workers and good at seizing opportunities . The downside is they are also more likely to make mistakes , less likely to have a back-up plan if things go wrong , bad with details , and more likely to take a risk that lands them in hot water . Read more : Ancient personality test goes mainstream Prevention people are great planners , deliberate , thorough , cautious , skeptical , accurate workers , analytical and good at evaluating . The downside is they are also more likely to miss out on great opportunities , get too bogged down with details , and have a tendency to be overly anxious . Studies show that the way to be most effective in reaching your goals is to use the strategies that match your particular motivation . Attitude For example when you are promotion-focused , your motivation feels like eagerness . So embrace your optimism as confidence heightens your energy and intensity . Doubting yourself takes the wind right out of your sails . When you are prevention-focused , your motivation feels like vigilance -- you are on the lookout for danger . Vigilance actually increases in response to negative feedback or self-doubt . There 's nothing like the looming possibility of failure to get your prevention juices flowing . Overconfidence or effusive praise , however , may lead you to let down your guard , and undermine your motivation -- so beware of both . Decision-making Promotion-focused people make the best decisions when they weigh the relative pros of option A and B , when they think about why something is worth doing , and when they trust their instincts . The prevention-minded , on the other hand , prefer to weigh the cons of options A and B , and go with lesser of two evils . They make the best decisions when they think about how something could be done , and when they can point to rational reasons , rather than feelings , to justify their choices . Problem-solving Promotion people are also more exploratory and abstract in their thinking . So generate lots of options and possibilities when coming up with ways to reach your goals -- be creative , consider alternatives . Prevention-focused thinking is concrete and specific -- so pick a plan and stick to it . Prevention people want to drill down to the details , and focus on the nitty-gritty of what needs to be done . They are more comfortable with tried-and-true methods rather than "  innovative " but untested ones . People always want to know if is it better to be promotion or prevention focused . The truth is , both kinds of motivation can bring you success , and both have their pitfalls . Each brings something of value  e.g. , bold solutions , attention to detail  to your organization . Or your personal life . My promotion-focused husband dreams up all of our terrific family vacations , while I take care of the more prevention-focused tasks , like making sure we all have passports . So you can be happy and successful at work and in life by focusing on what there is to gain or what there is to lose . Just remember to play to your strengths and to take with a grain of salt the well-meaning advice and input from others when it does n't feel right for you . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Heidi Grant Halvorson	Two types of attitude to work , says Heidi Grant Halvorson , promotion and prevention focused Knowing your motivation and working with it , not against , is key , she says Both types can have successful careers and fulfilling personal lives
CNN  -- If a young Robin Wright had gotten her wish , she would 've wed Cary Elwes . The now 48-year-old actress recalls in the June/July issue of Town and Country magazine that she had a definite crush on her "  Princess Bride " co-star as they were working on Rob Reiner 's 1987 film . "  Cary was so good looking , " Wright says . "  I was convinced we were going to be married . " At the very least , she got to have an on-screen happy ending with the actor in the cult favorite film , which tells the story of Princess Buttercup 's longing to reunite with her true love , Elwes ' "  As you wish " Westley . "  It was my first film experience , and so you might say that I fully immersed myself in the role , " Wright tells Town and Country . "  I did not act . It was mostly telling myself , ` Do n't be an idiot in front of Mandy Patinkin and Christopher Guest . ' " Wright 's come a long way since her days playing princess , and she now co-stars with Kevin Spacey in Netflix 's praised "  House of Cards . " Although fans -- and critics -- love her as the calculating wife of Spacey 's politician , Frank Underwood , Wright has begun to enjoy working behind the camera more . In the second season of "  House of Cards , " she makes her directorial debut in the 10th episode . "  I 've been in this business almost 30 years , and I 'm such a control freak . You 're sitting around knowing how a scene should be blocked or the direction an actor should be given , and biting your tongue , " Wright tells the magazine . "  I loved being in the driver 's seat . I honestly do n't want to act anymore . " Part of that ambivalence might have something to do with the roles she 's been offered ; if the main duty was just to stand and be pretty , Wright says she 's had no problem passing them up . "  Hollywood is difficult to navigate if you have integrity , so I opted not to work if there was n't enough to do in a role , which does n't have to do with the role 's size , " she says . "  If there 's nothing for me to do as an actress , that 's frustrating . ... I 'd rather go work at a menial labor job , where I can actually get my hands dirty . " It 's a good thing portraying "  House of Cards ' " Claire Underwood involves plenty of dirty work .	Robin Wright talks about her first feature film role in "  Princess Bride " "  I did not act , " Wright tells Town and Country magazine in its June issue She says she was "  convinced " she was going to marry co-star Cary Elwes These days she stars on Netflix 's "  House of Cards "
Atlanta  CNN  -- The International Weightlifting Federation has modified its rules and will allow athletes to wear a full-body , tight-fitted unitard during competition , the group said . Wednesday 's rule change was prompted by an Atlanta woman , who wanted to take part in competitions governed by IWF rules but still adhere to the modest dress of her Muslim faith . "  Weightlifting is an Olympic Sport open for all athletes to participate without discrimination on the basis of race , color , religion , sex , age , or national origin in accordance with the principles of the Olympic Charter and values , " Tamas Ajan , IWF president , said Wednesday . "  This rule modification has been considered in the spirit of fairness , equality and inclusion . " Before the change , the IWF 's technical and competition rules said weightlifting outfits -- officially called "  costumes " -- had to be collarless and not cover the elbows or knees . Abdullah , a 35-year-old with a doctorate in electrical and computer engineering , is not an Olympic athlete , but enjoys lifting weights . She generally wears loose , long pants past the ankles , a long-sleeve , fitted shirt with a loose T-shirt over it , and a hijab , or head scarf , covering her hair . "  It 's what I believe in . It 's what I 've chosen to do , " Abdullah told CNN this month about her decision to wear modest garb . "  I 've always dressed this way publicly . " She can deadlift 245 pounds  111 kg  and get up 105 pounds  47.5 kg  in the snatch , in which the competitor lifts the barbell from the floor to over her head in a single motion . She likes to compete with other women in her weight class -- she generally weighs in the 106-pound  48 kg  or 117-pound  53 kg  classifications . "  It guess it 's empowering , " she says . "  There 's a lot of technique involved , so someone who 's this big muscular person -- it 's possible I could lift more than they do . There 's speed and timing to it -- you have to be explosive . I think it 's great just for confidence building ... I guess I got hooked . " The review was prompted by the Atlanta resident wanting to take part in tournaments in the United States , including one coming up in July . But USA Weightlifting informed her that those events are governed by IWF rules , which at that time precluded her dressing in keeping with her beliefs . Abdullah says she understands the need to make sure she is n't wearing anything under her clothes to give her a competitive advantage . She says judges could check to make sure she is not wearing something on her elbows , for example , that might help her . Numerous athletic agencies have faced similar questions in the past and , in some cases , have determined that allowing special clothing violates fairness or equality among all contestants . FIFA , the international federation governing soccer , recently refused to allow Iran 's women 's soccer team to wear headscarves while playing in an Olympic qualifying round in Amman , Jordan . Abdullah told CNN her effort is not just about herself . "  I should at least try , " she said , "  if not for me then maybe for other women who -- if they have my faith or another faith -- dress a certain way . " CNN 's Josh Levs contributed to this report	Kulsoom Abdullah wants to keep her body covered during official competitions The International Weightlifting Federation modifies its rules Rules now specify outfits can be full-body , tight-fitted unitard
CNN  -- Captain Carlos Tevez scored twice as Manchester City went top of the English Premier League after winning a seven-goal thriller at home to lowly Wolverhampton on Saturday . The result put City a point ahead of local rivals Manchester United , who have played three fewer matches ahead of Sunday 's trip to Tottenham . Arsenal stayed within two points of City after beating bottom club West Ham 3-0 in the late match , while defending champions Chelsea moved above Tottenham into fourth with a 2-0 win over Blackburn . Wolves beat City at home on October 30 , and Serbian midfielder Nenad Milijas followed up his opening goal in that match with another deadlock breaker in the 12th minute . Why were EPL players snubbed in all-star selection ? City leveled five minutes before halftime as defender Kolo Toure scored from close range , and Tevez made it 2-1 soon after the break as he waltzed past the Wolves defense . Kolo 's brother Yaya extended the lead in the 53rd minute after starting a move in his own half before being set up by Tevez and new striker Edin Dzeko . Tevez , being watched by his two young children on a rare trip to England , headed home a cross from fellow Argentine Pablo Zabaleta in the 66th minute before being substituted . His double took him level with United striker Dimitar Berbatov as the league 's top scorers on 14 . Wolves hit back as striker Kevin Doyle scored a penalty just two minutes later after being fouled by former Wolves defender Joleon Lescott , and Ronald Zubar set up a tense finish in the 85th minute when his header was ruled to have crossed the line despite Nigel de Jong 's attempts to clear . Robin van Persie netted twice as Arsenal piled more pressure on West Ham manager Avram Grant in a one-sided London derby . The Israeli is widely expected to be replaced by former Aston Villa and Celtic boss Martin O'Neill according to pre-match reports in Britain , and his position was left further in doubt after an 11th defeat in 23 matches . After the match , Grant applauded the West Ham fans and threw his club scarf into the crowd . West Ham had lost only once in seven previous matches , but with several key players missing rarely looked like testing an Arsenal team who took the lead in the 13th minute through Van Persie after Samir Nasri dummied a low cross by Theo Walcott . The Dutchman hit the post just after half an hour , and then provided the second goal in the 41st minute for young England winger Theo Walcott , who evaded West Ham 's on-loan debutant Wayne Bridge to reach double figures for the first time in his career . Former England defender Bridge had a tough night as he also fouled Walcott for Van Persie 's second goal , from the penalty spot in the 77th minute . It was a return to form for Arsenal , who lost 1-0 to Ipswich in the midweek first leg of the League Cup and face an FA Cup replay on Wednesday against another second division team , Leeds . Chelsea lifted the pressure on manager Carlo Ancelotti with a much-needed victory at home to Blackburn . Serbian defender Branislav Ivanovic ended a frustrating wait for the first goal with a low shot in the 57th minute , and his header from a corner 19 minutes later allowed French striker Nicolas Anelka to score his 12th career goal against Blackburn . The result put Chelsea two points ahead of London rivals Tottenham , having played one more match , while Blackburn remained on 28 points in 11th behind Blackpool and Newcastle on goal difference . Promoted Blackpool , who have played two fewer games , were unable to build on Tuesday 's 2-1 win over Liverpool as Ian Holloway 's team fell to a 3-2 defeat at West Brom . West Brom joined Liverpool and Everton on 25 points ahead of Sunday 's Merseyside derby , as Nigeria striker Peter Odemwingie 's 87th-minute winner ended his team 's run of five league defeats . Odemwingie also netted a 37th-minute equalizer after Blackpool took an early lead through David Vaughan , while James Morrison put the home side ahead on 56 before Gary Taylor-Fletcher leveled with 10 minutes left . Stoke joined seventh-placed Bolton on 30 points with a 2-0 home victory over Owen Coyle 's team , as Danny Higginbotham opening the scoring in the first half and Matthew Etherington sealing it in the second with a penalty . Wigan moved a point above third-bottom Wolves following a 1-1 draw with Fulham , who earned a point when former England striker Andy Johnson came off the bench to score in the 86th minute . The home side led through Hugo Rodallega 's 57th-minute goal , and the Colombia striker also hit the post twice , but Fulham fought back to move two points clear of the relegation zone . Aston Villa manager Gerard Houllier , whose team are second from bottom ahead of Sunday 's derby with fellow strugglers Birmingham , boosted his squad with the signing of midfielder Jean Makoun . The 27-year-old has joined until mid-2014 from Houllier 's former French club Lyon . In Sunday 's other match , sixth-placed Sunderland host local rivals Newcastle , hoping to avenge the 5-1 defeat at St. James ' Park on October 31 .	Manchester City take top spot in table after winning 4-3 at home to Wolves Skipper Carlos Tevez nets twice after struggling visitors take an early lead Arsenal in third place after a 3-0 win at bottom club West Ham in London derby Chelsea move above Tottenham into fourth place with 2-0 victory over Blackburn
CNN  -- Chinese fans will have a new reason to cheer when the 101st Tour de France kicks off on Saturday : 26-year-old Ji Cheng will become the first rider from China to compete for competitive cycling 's highest honor . Ji , who will be riding with the Netherlands-based Giant-Shimano team , has competed in professional European cycling since 2007 and has already completed other top races . "  I am just really happy to race for my country in the Tour de France , I 'm really excited , " Ji , who comes from the northern Chinese city of Harbin , told CNN . He 's dreamed of competing in the Tour since he began racing . "  When I started cycling in China , the Tour de France was the only race they showed on the TV , " Ji said from Leeds , England , where the tour will begin . He 's happy that his friends and family will get to watch him compete . As Ji qualifies for one of the most famous races in the world , his example could help kickstart China 's nascent competitive cycling scene . ` Breakaway killer ' Ji started his athletic career as a runner in school , but shifted to cycling soon after in part because of the cold weather in Harbin , where winter temperatures get below -4 °F  -20 °C  and cycling gave him the opportunity to train indoors . He started with track cycling -- in which racers do laps around a velodrome track on specialized bikes -- and then moved to longer distance road cycling . After training with a Hong Kong team for a year , he was signed by Shimano and moved to Europe in 2007 . The Tour de France wo n't be the first milestone Ji has passed . He 's also competed in the other two highest profile races in competitive cycling : the Vuelta a Espana , in which he raced in 2012 and the Giro d'Italia the following year . The three races collectively are known as Grand Tours , and he is the first Chinese cyclist to participate in each of them . Ji is known as a "  breakaway killer , " which means he catches up with cyclists who try to get away from the pack of riders . It 's not the flashiest role , but it helps position his teammates on the nine-man squad to win races . He says he does n't have a strategy going into the Tour . "  My goal is to try my hardest for my team , and I hope I finish the whole three weeks . " Giant-Shimano coach Rudi Kemna said in a statement that Ji played an important factor in the team 's formations . His participation in the Tour "  will be huge for him and his country and we look forward to seeing the impact this has on the globalization of the sport , " Kemna said . Kingdom of Bicycles ? Advocates hope that Ji 's participation in the Tour could help competitive cycling gain attention in China . "  The fact that there is a Chinese racer in the race means the media and the public will focus on it much more , " said Alain Rumpf , the director of Global Cycling Promotions , an organization affiliated with cycling 's governing body , that promotes the sport around the world . "  Ji Cheng is a pioneer . " International teams currently compete in events like the Tour of Beijing , a top-level annual race that will have its fourth edition in October . Ji and several of his Shimano teammates competed in the race in 2013 . But overall , international road cycling has n't gained much traction in the country . China won three medals in women 's track cycling at the 2012 London Olympics -- two silvers and a bronze -- but has lagged behind in road cycling . Some cyclists aim instead for China 's National Games , where athletes represent their regions or cities . Cycling in general is also not as prevalent as it once was . China was known as the "  Kingdom of Bicycles " in the 70 's and 80 's , when a bike was the main form of transportation for many . Now , as more people have moved into the middle class , mopeds and automobiles have started to replace bikes on the streets of Beijing and other cities , although there are still more than 8 million bikes in the capital city . Poor air quality is also an obstacle for cyclists , who can face health problems from riding in smoggy urban centers . READ MORE : Nine things that make air pollution bearable Cycling renaissance Recently , however , members of a growing middle class are picking up their bikes again . For these people , cycling is recreation , not a way to get to work . "  There 's now more and more people who will strap an expensive road bike to the top of their BMW and head to the hills around Beijing , " said David Culbert , a spokesperson for the Tour of Beijing . In the suburbs , the roads are smooth and the air is clean . "  You will see literally hundreds , if not thousands , of people out there on the weekends riding their bikes , " said Shannon Bufton , the co-founder of Serk Cycling , a Beijing NGO promoting cycling culture . This cycling renaissance has even gotten support from the headline-grabbing billionaire Chen Guangbiao , who celebrated China 's "  National Urban Car-Free Day " in 2011 by smashing a Mercedes-Benz and giving his employees free bicycles . It 's also attracting the attention of professional cycling teams eager to find untapped talent , and cycling sponsors eying China 's potential as a lucrative market . And Beijing is looking to build a more competitive road cycling program for the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro . Ji 's example could give more people a reason to get back in the saddle . "  What Chinese cycling needs is a national hero who performs well at an international level , " Bufton said -- and that could be Ji . For now , Ji is focused on the Tour , in which 198 cyclists , divided among 22 teams , will ride a total of 2,272 miles before the July 27 finish line . But he 's already thinking ahead . "  I hope for the future we will send more and more riders to European pro races , " Ji said . "  I hope they can use my experience to see that European cycling is possible . "	26-year-old Ji Cheng will become the first rider from China to compete in cycling 's most prestigious race Ji , who is part of the Giant-Shimano team , has also competed in two of the sport 's other two highest profile races International road cycling has n't gained much traction in China , and some bicycles have been replaced by vehicles As a growing middle class starts cycling for recreation , some think China could be the next frontier for competitive cycling
CNN  -- Nico Rosberg vowed to put on a "  fantastic show " at Sunday 's Bahrain Grand Prix after ending Mercedes teammate Lewis Hamilton 's dominance of qualifying . Formula One has been criticized for becoming boring in recent years due to Sebastian Vettel 's all-conquering Red Bull , but this season the Mercedes team has taken center stage following a raft of new rule changes . While Vettel failed to make the final session on Saturday -- the second time in three race weekends so far the four-time world champion has suffered such fate -- championship leader Rosberg and 2008 titleholder Hamilton lined up for a shootout in Q3 . It was the German who prevailed , denying Hamilton a third successive pole position after the Englishman locked up his wheels on turn one as the last driver still out on the track . "  We 're here to put on a great show , " Rosberg told reporters . "  You could see some action tomorrow between us . Hopefully not , but it 's very possible . "  We owe it to the fans , to everybody , to put on a fantastic show , and that 's what we 'll do . " The quieter V6 engines being used this year have left many , including F1 's boss Bernie Ecclestone , lamenting a lack of atmosphere . For the past three years , Bahrain has been one of the most tense dates on the calendar , following the civil unrest which forced the cancellation of the 2011 race . There were reports of peaceful protests outside of Manama on Friday , but organizers were looking forward to a trouble-free celebration of the 10th anniversary of the event -- with the 57-lap race to be held at night under lights for the first time . Vettel has won the race for the past two years , but will start 10th on the grid after new teammate Daniel Ricciardo dropped from third in qualifying thanks to a 10-place penalty from last weekend 's grand prix in Malaysia . Hamilton , who won at Sepang after failing to finish the season-opener in Australia , will be ahead of Williams ' Valtteri Bottas and Force India 's Sergio Perez . McLaren 's Jenson Button will start his 250th career GP in sixth behind Ferrari 's Kimi Raikkonen , whose teammate Fernando Alonso -- a three-time Bahrain winner -- will be ninth . Former Ferrari driver Felipe Massa will start seventh for Williams ahead of McLaren rookie Kevin Magnussen .	Mercedes ' dominance continues as Nico Rosberg wins pole position in Bahrain German heads off teammate Lewis Hamilton in Saturday 's qualifying sessions Red Bull 's Daniel Ricciardio is third but will start Sunday 's race in 13th place Bahrain organizers celebrating 10th anniversary with race under lights for first time
CNN  -- Turkey 's foreign minister continued Saturday to press for an apology from Israel over its forces killing nine Turkish activists , a day before the boat that set off the row between the two countries is scheduled to arrive in Istanbul . Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu criticized Israel for not reciprocating his country 's efforts to remedy relations , despite Turkey 's "  wish to reconcile with Israel , " according to the state-run Anadolu news agency . "  We are having difficulty , when we do n't receive the same will from the other side , " he said . "  If our friendship with Israel is going to continue , an apology and compensation are the only possible ways for it . " Turkey was once Israel 's strongest ally among Muslim nations , but the relationship between the two nations has been chilly since May 31 , when Israeli forces intercepted an aid flotilla headed to Gaza from Turkey . Violence broke out , and nine Turkish activists were killed . Tens of thousands of people are expected Sunday to greet the boat at the center of the controversy , the Mavi Marmara , when it arrives Sunday in Istanbul , according to a press release from Foundation for Human Rights and Freedoms and Humanitarian Relief . Israel has maintained that its troops used force on the activists only after they were attacked by those on board one boat . But passengers on board insist Israeli troops fired on them without provocation . On Saturday , Davutoglu said that Tel Aviv 's attempts to lay blame were unfounded . "  Turkish citizens were killed in international waters , " he told reporters , according to the Anadolu report . "  Nothing can cover this fact . Turkey can not be blamed . " In September , the U.N. Human Rights Council concluded that Israeli forces committed serious violations of international law in the mid-sea interception . The 56-page report described the circumstances of the deaths of "  at least six of the passengers " as being "  consistent with ... an arbitrary and summary execution . " Officials from Israel and Turkey met earlier this month in Geneva , Switzerland , in an attempt to reduce tensions . That meeting came days after Turkish Prime Minister Tayyip Erdogan sent two firefighting planes to Israel to help combat a deadly wildfire , according to a Turkish foreign ministry official . Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu publicly thanked Erdogan , then called him to thank him again , the official said . While on the telephone , Netanyahu said he hoped the two countries could discuss the state of their relationship in a different context .	Turkey 's minister says Israel is not reciprocating his nation 's efforts to remedy relations The row began after Israeli forces killed nine Turkish activists on an aid flotilla He says "  an apology " is needed for Turkey 's "  friendship " with Israel to continue Israel has said that its troops used force only after they were attacked themselves
CNN  -- "  I can not tell you how excited I am that later today we will be playing football on my grandmother 's lawn . One warning , though : if anyone breaks a window , you can answer to her . " The Duke of Cambridge was speaking just before the first official football match at Buckingham Palace . Prince William , the heir to the British throne , is President of the English Football Association  FA  , a role he says is an extension of a personal passion : "  The beautiful game has changed an awful lot during the queen 's reign , but it remains the most loved game in the country , most probably the world , " he said . He describes football as "  a chance to escape with friends and family and enjoy its virtues -- teamwork , competition , endeavor and , more occasionally on my part , skill . " On Monday he had a chance to show off those skills on the specially prepared pitch at the Palace . Wearing boots given to him by Manchester United and England star Wayne Rooney , he joined members of the queen 's household team in a training session . Prince William is a fan of English Premier League side Aston Villa but he chose two teams from lower leagues to play a full 90-minute match on the royal grounds to mark the 150th anniversary of the FA . Civil Service FC is the only surviving member of the FA formed in 1863 , and Polytechnic FC was formed slightly later in 1875 . But the day was really about rewarding the unsung heroes of the national game : "  Grassroots football thrives on the support of its volunteers week after week , " he said . Many of those volunteers were invited to the palace to see the match . There was nothing but praise for the royal groundsmen who spent weeks getting the garden match-fit . Watch : Max Foster interviews Prince William This is a space normally graced only by family members and the odd garden party . It has its own unique challenges for a city center garden . The park-like space is a flourishing habitat for wildlife including a large gaggle of geese whose droppings litter the entire space at this time of year . The groundsmen spent much of the morning cleaning up the football pitch with a vacuum cleaner . They then swept away the carpet of leaves away with wooden brooms . But the fact the Queen was away did provide one advantage : "  There should n't be any corgis running on to the pitch , " Prince William joked . Now the historic match is over  Polytechnic won 2-1  the corgis and geese have their garden back .	Prince William shows off his football skills Takes part in training session on a specially laid pitch at Buckingham Palace Pitch was used for a match between two historic English football teams The Duke of Cambridge is President of English Football Association
Washington  CNN  -- The Obama administration 's vision for the future of manned space flight will bump the United States to "  second or even third-rate " status as a space-faring nation , the commanders of three U.S. moon missions warned Wednesday . The letter was signed by the first and last men to walk on the moon -- Neil Armstrong from Apollo 11 and Eugene Cernan from Apollo 17 -- and James Lovell , who commanded the heroic Apollo 13 flight . "  Without the skill and experience that actual spacecraft operation provides , the USA is far too likely to be on a long downhill slide to mediocrity , " the letter said . "  America must decide if it wishes to remain a leader in space . If it does , we should institute a program which will give us the very best chance of achieving that goal . " President Obama is scheduled to announce his space plans Thursday during a visit to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida , the White House announced . The White House said the five-year strategy involves a $ 6 billion increase in NASA 's budget and additional support for new space technologies . What do you think of the proposed space plan ? Armstrong , Lovell and Cernan praised Obama 's increase in total funding for space exploration , which includes money for research , the international space station and a heavy-lift rocket . But the astronauts said the decision to cancel the Constellation program for manned space flight "  is devastating . " "  America 's only path to low Earth orbit and the international space station will now be subject to an agreement with Russia to purchase space on their Soyuz  at a price of over 50 million dollars per seat with significant increases expected in the near future  until we have the capacity to provide transportation for ourselves , " they wrote . NASA 's space shuttle fleet will be retired at the end of this year , leaving the Russian Soyuz capsules as the only avenue into space until commercial ventures are ready to do the job , expected to be years away . Obama 's proposal to use commercial transport to reach orbit "  can not be predicted with any certainty , but is likely to take substantially longer and be more expensive than we would hope , " the astronauts said . Cernan , Lovell and Armstrong said the more than $ 10 billion spent so far on Constellation -- including the Orion space capsule and the Ares rockets to boost it into space will be wasted by the cancellation "  and , equally importantly , we will have lost the many years required to recreate the equivalent of what we will have discarded . " NASA 's future , as outlined in the White House documents , would include a multibillion-dollar modernization of Kennedy Space Center , expansion of private-sector and commercial space industries , creation of thousands of jobs and eventually human travel to Mars . But Allard Beutel , news chief at the Kennedy Space Center , told CNN that layoffs at the center will likely reach the 7,000 range with the end of the shuttle and the cancellation of the Constellation program . The president 's plans would shift some funding away from NASA 's costly human space flight program to NASA 's scientific programs , including robotic missions to other planets . During a briefing in early April , NASA Administrator Charles Bolden praised the new future being charted for the agency . "  This budget provides an increase to NASA at a time when funding is scarce , " Bolden said . "  It will enable us to accomplish inspiring exploration , science and  research and development  , the kinds of things the agency has been known for throughout its history . " CNN 's Dan Lothian and Sarah Baker and CNN Radio 's Dick Uliano contributed to this report .	Neil Armstrong , James Lovell , Eugene Cernan criticize manned space flight plans President Obama set to officially announce his space plans Thursday Obama 's plans would shift funding away from human space flight program Three astronauts applaud plan for overall increase in NASA funding
CNN  -- All 10 people aboard an air taxi were killed when it crashed and burst into flames at a small airport on southern Alaska 's Kenai Peninsula , authorities said . The single-engine de Havilland DHC-3 Otter "  struck the runway and burned " around 11:20 a.m. Sunday at the Soldotna Airport , about 60 miles southwest of Anchorage , the Federal Aviation Administration said , citing local law enforcement officials . It was n't immediately clear whether the aircraft was taking off or landing at the time , the FAA said . By the time firefighters and medics arrived , the aircraft was engulfed , Soldotna police said . "  There were 10 souls on the aircraft and all perished , " said Capt. Lesley Quelland with the Central Emergency Services , which serves the Soldotna area . The flight was supposed to take passengers to Bear Mountain Lodge off Alaska 's Chinitna Bay , about 80 miles southwest of Soldotna , the lodge 's co-owner , Mac McGahan , told CNN on Monday . The plane was operated by Rediske Air , according to the FAA . A woman who answered the phone at Rediske declined to answer questions and deferred questions to the National Transportation Safety Board , which has been called in to investigate the crash . Rediske Air Inc. appears in an online directory of charter-plane companies , AirCharterGuide.com . The company , based in Nikiski , Alaska , was established in 1991 , according to Alaska 's Division of Corporations , Business and Professional Licensing . The airport is about a mile from the center of Soldotna , a community of about 4,100 people . CNN 's Rene Marsh contributed to this report .	NEW : The flight was supposed to take passengers to a lodge , the lodge 's owner says The aircraft "  struck the runway and burned " at a southern Alaska airport , FAA says By the time firefighters arrived , the aircraft was engulfed "  There were 10 souls on the aircraft and all perished , " an official says
AOL Autos  -- Collecting cars is an expensive hobby . Here 's a twist : Buy a new car today that will be worth a fortune as a collectible years from now . The Audi S5 is a slick coupe with solid credentials . Best of all , you do n't need to break the bank to buy a hot and value-appreciating ride . But you do have to be patient , since waiting is key . "  Many consumers could be driving a future collector car right now , " McKeel Hagerty , CEO of Hagerty , a specialty insurer of collector cars in the United States , and himself a respected collector car valuation expert . "  Our goal was to find cars that are currently on the road but may be considered nostalgic in 15 to 20 years . Each car on Hagerty 's Hot List possesses a ` buzz , ' a wow factor that resonates with consumers of all ages , many cars being daily drivers that turn heads already . " Why do some vehicles become tomorrow 's collector car ? Hagerty says it 's a combination of pop culture popularity , limited production numbers and the style of the next generation of collectors . Hagerty 's Hot List , the top 10 collector cars of the future : 1 . Cadillac XLR-V Roadster Under the hood sits a hand-built 4.4-liter V8 that 's been supercharged and puts out 443 horsepower . This is a serious domestic roadster that competes with the Mercedes SL-Class , Porsche 911 Cabriolet and Jaguar XKR , as well as the four-seat BMW M6 convertible . AOL Autos : Cadillac XLR Roadster 2 . Lotus Exige S Most practical people will find the Lotus Exige is a miserable little car -- that is if you are shopping for a grocery getter ! Research uncovered one anonymous review stating "  Bottom Line ... my heart beats faster when I think about this car ... it is that rewarding . " AOL Autos : Lotus Exige S 3 . Audi S5 A slick coupe with solid credentials . It provides good looks , impressive all-wheel-drive handling and an affordable price tag for this segment . AOL Autos : Audi S5 4 . Mustang Shelby GT 500 KR The new GT500 KR  King of the Road  takes the bare bones of a GT500 and turns it into a 540 horsepower muscle car that pays tribute to the legendary Carroll Shelby . Production is expected to be around 1,000 . AOL Autos : Mustang Shelby GT 500 KR 5 . Chevrolet Corvette Z06 The ferocious Z06 is a fixed-roof coupe with a 7.0-liter V8 that produces 505 horsepower . The last 50 years have proven that most Corvettes eventually become collectible . AOL Autos : Chevrolet Corvette Z06 6 . Smart At first look , the Smart seems too small to be practical . It 's not . Rather , it is a marvel of packaging efficiency . This is the first year they will be available en masse in the United States . 7 . Subaru Impreza WRX STi Some Subaru enthusiasts may not like the idea of being spotted in a hatchback , but this will make it more collectible down the road . 8 . Honda S2000 CR Less than 2,000 of the CR editions will be built . This is a high-performance version of the stock S2000 that is regarded as Honda 's only true sports car . 9 . Pontiac Solstice/Saturn Sky This pair of roadsters from GM have all the necessary ingredients : rear-wheel drive , a powerful engine , independent suspension and an impressive weight balance . 10 . Dodge Charger Super Bee It has a 6.1 liter HEMI V8 with 425 horsepower and 420 ft.-lbs . of torque . Need we say more for a family sedan ?	The right new car today could be worth a fortune as a collectible later Cadillac XLR-V Roadster can compete with the Mercedes SL-Class Less than 2,000 of the Honda S2000 CR editions will be built The hatchback will make the Subaru Impreza WRX STi a collectible later
CNN  -- Saudi Arabia could have helped the United States prevent al Qaeda 's 2001 attacks on New York and Washington if American officials had consulted Saudi authorities in a "  credible " way , the kingdom 's former ambassador said in a documentary aired Thursday . The comments by Prince Bandar bin Sultan are similar to the remarks this week by Saudi King Abdullah that suggested Britain could have prevented the July 2005 train bombings in London if it had heeded warnings from Riyadh . Speaking to the Arabic satellite network Al-Arabiya on Thursday , Bandar -- now Abdullah 's national security adviser -- said Saudi intelligence was "  actively following " most of the September 11 , 2001 , plotters "  with precision . " "  If U.S. security authorities had engaged their Saudi counterparts in a serious and credible manner , in my opinion , we would have avoided what happened , " he said . Watch Bandar 's comments " Bandar was the Saudi ambassador to Washington for nearly 22 years before he was replaced in 2005 . A knowledgeable U.S. official told CNN that Bandar 's comments should be taken "  with a grain of salt . " On Monday , Abdullah told the BBC that Saudi Arabia had sent warnings to British authorities before the London subway bombings that killed 52 people -- the city 's bloodiest day since World War II . "  We have sent information to Great Britain before the terrorist attacks in Britain , " Abdullah said . "  But unfortunately , no action was taken , and it may have been able to avert the tragedy . " The September 11 attacks killed nearly 3,000 people in New York , Washington and Pennsylvania . All but four of the suicide hijackers who carried out the plot were Saudi nationals , and after the attacks , the kingdom was widely criticized for having tolerated Islamic militancy . The Saudis have called the criticism unfair , pointing out that al Qaeda founder Osama bin Laden 's original grievance was against the country 's ruling family , which invited U.S. troops into the kingdom after the Iraqi invasion of Kuwait in 1990 . A string of attacks on Western compounds , oil installations and Saudi institutions between 2003 and 2006 were blamed on al Qaeda 's followers . And Saudi officials say that since 9/11 , they have taken steps to ensure charitable donations do not fall into the hands of al Qaeda . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Pam Benson contributed to this report .	Prince Bandar bin Sultan : U.S. did not engage Saudis in serious , credible way All but four of September 11 hijackers were Saudi nationals U.S. official : Bandar 's comments should be taken "  with a grain of salt " Bandar was the Saudi ambassador to Washington for nearly 22 years
CNN  -- Already hamstrung by generations of poverty , environmental catastrophe and strongman rule , Haiti will need years to recover from the devastation inflicted by last week 's earthquake , according to U.S. and Canadian analysts . Haiti 's struggling democracy has survived on international aid and the muscle of a U.N. peacekeeping mission since a 2004 revolt that ousted President Jean-Bertrand Aristide . The magnitude-7 .0 earthquake that struck outside Port-au-Prince has set back efforts to get the country back on its feet "  by many , many years , " said Stephen Randall , a senior fellow at the Canadian International Council , a Toronto-based think tank . "  I do n't think all of it is lost , but it 's a very serious setback , " Randall told CNN . President Rene Preval 's government regrouped at a police compound near the Port-au-Prince airport after nearly all of government ministries suffered heavy damage in the January 12 quake . Prime Minister Jean-Max Bellerive put the confirmed death toll at 72,000 on Tuesday , but estimates of the total number of fatalities run more than twice that high . Mark Schneider , who led the Caribbean division of the U.S. Agency for International Development during the Clinton administration , said much has been done to build a non-corrupt police force and judiciary over the past six years . "  Of the administration and sort of on the institutional side , I think a lot can be salvaged , " said Schneider , now senior vice president at the International Crisis Group . But he said efforts to redevelop Haiti 's long-ravaged economy may have been set back by "  decades . " iReport : Search list of the missing and the found Haiti 's public infrastructure -- roads , power and sanitation systems , hospitals and schools -- was already in poor condition before the earthquake . The flimsy homes built across Port-au-Prince collapsed wholesale during the quake , and hospitals quickly ran out of medicine . Clogged roads , damaged communications and airport congestion slowed the delivery of the hundreds of millions of dollars worth of international aid pledged in the week after the disaster , leading to widespread frustration and sporadic looting around the capital . Once the challenges of feeding , housing and treating hundreds of thousands of ill , homeless and hungry people are behind them , Schneider said , Haitians from all walks of society need to reach a new "  social compact " aimed at ending its persistent problems . "  The mismanagement of the environment ; the narrow , self-interested actions of the economic elite that deny taxes to the government so they ca n't provide education to the population ; the failure to establish government agencies that can provide services -- all those things are not the consequences of natural disasters , but they make the country more vulnerable when disasters hit , " he said . Though its economy has grown in recent years , Haiti is still the poorest country in the Western Hemisphere , with four-fifths of its 10 million people living in poverty . Its gross domestic product of $ 12 billion in 2008 is a tiny fraction compared to the $ 14 trillion generated by the United States , its largest trading partner . In addition , years of deforestation has left a mountainous country in the middle of the Caribbean 's hurricane belt vulnerable to flooding and mudslides , like the ones that killed thousands in 2004 . And poor construction left unknown thousands of people trapped in buildings that pancaked when the earth moved last week , said John Mutter , a professor of earth and environmental sciences at Columbia University in New York . Full coverage l Twitter updates Stricter building codes and honest enforcement are necessary , but "  people will never be able to build strong , expensive structures if they do n't have a strong economy , " Mutter told CNN 's "  American Morning . " "  The economy of Haiti can not put Port-au-Prince back in place , " he said . "  It 's a perfect storm . It absolutely needs external intervention from the international community . We have to think of what we 're doing . " Haiti 's governmental budget of about $ 1 billion per year is derived largely from customs fees and is wholly inadequate for the physical improvements needed , Randall said . Emigres send back more money than that every year , but that money goes to individual families , not to public projects . "  The international community has been pressing the Haitian government to put more stock in taxation , but in fact , the real taxation that 's taking place are the remittances , " Randall said . "  It 's a form of taxation , family to family , friend to friend . " But Schneider said the influx of reconstruction aid could be an opportunity for Haitians to rebuild its infrastructure with more concern for its environment -- and to create jobs for Haitians in its construction . "  That 's the way you employ a lot of Haitians , " he said . Reconstruction contracts should require "  both jobs and job training . " High-resolution images of damage The United States has been heavily involved in Haiti commercially , politically and militarily for most of the last century , including occupying the country for nearly 20 years in the early 1900s . The Clinton administration restored Aristide to power in 1994 after a 1991 coup , and a U.S. jet hustled him out of the country again in 2004 following a rapidly spreading uprising against his government . Aristide has called his removal a U.S.-backed coup , an allegation Washington denied . Now the United States is the largest contributor to the Haitian government , while Canada -- which also has a police contingent in Haiti as part of the U.N. peacekeeping mission MINUSTAH -- is the second-largest . CNN 's Matt Smith contributed to this report .	Quake set back efforts to get Haiti back on its feet "  by many , many years , " analyst says Haiti 's democracy survived after '04 revolt with aid , U.N. peacekeeping mission International Crisis Group official : Efforts to build non-corrupt institutions can be salvaged Professor : Haitian economy can not rebuild Port-au-Prince , so international aid needed
CNN -- Spanish giants Real Madrid have confirmed they have reached an agreement with Portuguese club Benfica for the transfer of Argentina striker Angel di Maria . The 22-year-old is expected to sign a six-year-deal at Madrid with the fee believed to be in the region of $ 30 million . Di Maria is Jose Mourinho 's first signing since taking over as manager from Manual Pellegrini at Madrid on May 31 . "  Real Madrid and Benfica have come to terms for the transfer of Angel di Maria . The player will sign a six-year contract , " the club said in a statement on their website . The attacking midfielder won the 2007 World Under-20 championship with Argentina in Canada . He also scored the winner against Nigeria in the final at the 2008 Beijing Olympics . Di Maria is currently on international duty at the World Cup in South Africa , and has started all four of Argentina 's matches . He started his career at CA Rosario Central of Argentina before moving to Benfica in 2007 after a host of impressive displays . He then alerted many of Europe 's top clubs last season after helping Benfica claim a Portuguese league and cup double . Di Maria is expected to be the first in a string of big name signings as Mourinho attempts to wrest the Spanish league title back from rivals Barcelona .	Real Madrid confirm agreement to sign Argentina 's Angel di Maria from Benfica The striker , who is playing at the World Cup in South Africa , will sign a six-year-contract The capture of Di Maria is Jose Mourinho 's first signing as Real Madrid manager
CNN  -- The man who accused pop star Michael Jackson of molesting his son in 1993 killed himself in his New Jersey condo earlier this month , police said . Evan Chandler , 65 , was found by the building 's concierge November 5 after a doctor , who was treating him for cancer , said he missed an appointment , the Jersey City , New Jersey , police report said . Chandler was "  extremely ill " with cancer , the report said . He was working as a dentist in Beverly Hills , California , in 1993 when he said his son , who was 13 at the time , told him that Jackson had molested him . His son revealed it , he said , when he put him under anesthesia to pull a tooth . The Los Angeles County district attorney did not pursue criminal charges against Jackson , but Chandler and his son reached a confidential financial settlement with the singer after filing a lawsuit . Reports at the time said the Chandlers got between $ 16 million and $ 20 million from Jackson 's insurance company . The Chandler accusation became a key part of the prosecution 's case when Jackson was tried and acquitted of molestation a decade later in Santa Barbara County , California . The elder Chandler was found "  on his bed in a lifeless state with a gun in his hand , " the investigator 's report said . "  The victim had a silver revolver in his right hand which was pressed against the right side of his head , " Officer J.S. Sielski wrote . Chandler , who was estranged from most of his family , owned the .38 - caliber pistol he used to kill himself , Jersey City spokesman Stan Eason said . No suicide note was found , Eason added . Chandler 's brother -- a lawyer in Santa Barbara County -- told CNN in 2003 that Chandler feared for his life because of threats made by angry Jackson fans . "  There 's a hard-core group , there was and probably still is , of fanatical fans who see him as a deity , " Ray Chandler told CNN 's Larry King . "  Some of them will go to any lengths that , you know , there 's some who will just go as far as threatening , there 's some who will go -- who will be violent , and you know , you never know how far it is going to go . " Ray Chandler has not responded to calls from CNN for comment about his brother 's death .	In 1993 , Evan Chandler said Michael Jackson had molested son Chandler , a dentist , and son reached undisclosed financial settlement with Jackson Accusation was part of case in 2003 when Jackson was tried , acquitted of molestation charges Chandler , who was ill with cancer ; apparently shot himself
Mogadishu , Somalia  CNN  -- Islamist militants killed one Somali lawmaker and wounded another in a drive-by shooting in the capital on Thursday morning , the third assassination of a Parliament member this year , police and a legislator said . Mohamed Mohamud Hayd and a security guard were shot and killed near a hotel by gunmen riding in a speeding minivan in Mogadishu 's Hamarweyne district , lawmaker Hussein Arab Isse said . Another federal lawmaker , Abdullahi Ahmed Hussein , also known as "  Onka , " was seriously injured in the shooting and taken to a hospital for treatment , authorities said . In a statement posted on a pro-militant website , the al-Qaeda-linked Islamist group al-Shabaab claimed responsibility . It said the attack was a "  beginning of Ramadan offensive , " referring to the start of a monthlong fasting period for Muslims . The attackers were wearing Somali army uniforms , Isse said . They drove away after the shooting , police Capt. Abdalla Jama said . Al-Shabaab 's aim is to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , though it has carried out attacks in other African countries , as well . The group carried out the mall attack in Nairobi , Kenya , in September that left at 67 people dead . Hayd "  was a man who served his country and his people , " Somali government spokesman Ridwaan Haji Adbiwali said . "  We condemn this and any other murders , especially during the holy month of Ramadan , " Abdiwali said . "  Islam does not support the killing of innocents , brothers slaying brothers and criminal acts . " Hayd 's death comes more than three months after the assassinations of two other lawmakers , and almost six weeks since a bloody attack on the parliament headquarters . On April 21 in Mogadishu , a hidden bomb exploded in a car containing Parliament member Isack Mohamed Ali , popularly known as Isack Rino , killing him , officials said . The next day , gunmen shot and killed lawmaker Abdulaziz Isaak Mursal as he drove to work from his home in Mogadishu 's Dharkenley neighborhood , police said . Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for both killings . On May 24 , al-Shabaab militants attacked Parliament headquarters with guns and explosives in a siege that lasted more than three hours . At least 10 people were killed and 11 others injured , witnesses and officials said . Security forces killed some of the attackers , and other militants died by blowing themselves up , police said . Al-Shabaab , designated a foreign terrorist organization by the United States , has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . The two groups effectively merged in 2012 , according to CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness Aid workers freed in Somalia after nearly two years Obama to nominate first U.S. ambassador to Somalia in more than two decades Journalist Omar Nor reported from Mogadishu . CNN 's Jason Hanna wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau contributed to this report .	Islamist group Al-Shabaab claims responsibility Lawmaker and a security guard killed in drive-by shooting Mohamed Mohamud Hayd is third lawmaker to be killed in Mogadishu this year Second lawmaker injured in Thursday 's attack
CNN  The complete skeleton of a camel thought to to have been used by Ottoman troops besieging Vienna in the 17th century has been found beneath a cellar in Austria . The remains were uncovered by archaeologists from the University of Veterinary Medicine Vienna  Vetmeduni  , exploring the construction site for a shopping center in the city of Tulln in 2006-2007 . "  The partly excavated skeleton was at first suspected to be a large horse or cattle , " archaeozoologist Alfred Galik said . "  But one look at the cervical vertebrae , the lower jaw and the metacarpal bones immediately revealed that this was a camel . " In their research , published in the journal "  PLOS ONE , " the archaeologists said Ottoman troops had besieged the area around Tulln in 1683 as they tried to reach Vienna , but that Tulln itself had never been conquered . The Ottoman Army had a "  camelry , " using camels for transportation and to ride , they said . Despite their city not falling , Tulln inhabitants and the Ottomans were in contact , with historic documents referring to the invading army 's peaceful surrender of two prisoners of war , the researchers said . But they said it would be impossible to say how it got into the city . "  Its appearance might be linked to an exchange of local people with the troops or the Ottoman army simply left it behind . Apparently , the citizens took it inside the town , where they probably kept and displayed it as an ` exotic animal , ' " they said . "  It seems quite conceivable that being not familiar with behavioral and feeding habits , the scarcity of food in wartimes , people did not keep it for long . " While other camel bones have been found in Central Europe , the researchers said this was unique . "  It is the first complete camel skeleton found in Central Europe and Central European territories under the control of the Ottoman Empire , apart from the complete skeleton of a dromedary recovered from the sediments of the Theodosius harbor on the European part of Istanbul . " DNA analysis on the Tulln skeleton confirmed that it had been one of a hybrid species of camel , specifically a "  Tulu , " the offspring of dromedary female and a male with Bactrian DNA . "  The two species are able to interbreed , which results in larger , more powerful and efficient hybrid offspring , " researchers said . "  The camel specimen from Tulln is the first archaeozoologically and genetically confirmed evidence of a Tulu hybrid camel . " The camel was also believed to have been castrated to make it easier to handle . The Austrians ' unfamiliarity with such a beast may have led to the skeleton 's preservation . As opposed to the Ottoman troops -- who would likely have eaten the camel 's flesh -- the residents of Tulln apparently buried the camel whole . "  The dismemberment of the carcasses certainly is a reason for the scarce preservation of camel finds in general and is indicated by bones with butchering marks in particular . However , the citizens buried this camel in a typical post-mortal position , and together with rubbish in the remnants of a cellar that was leveled , " researchers said . In their report , the researchers said the camel was found on the site of what had been an old tavern called "  Auf der Rossmuhle . " "  The backfill of the cellar yielded masses of domestic refuse like animal bones and ceramics  e.g. plates , pans and flagons  , pieces of a tiled stove and enameled pipe bowls which date the filling in the early modern period , " they said . A coin dating from 1643-1715 and a medicine bottle from a chemist 's operating from 1628-1665 helped the team date the site . Flooding and plagues affected Tulln in the 17th century and many buildings were demolished , they said . "  Two building plots got new owners at the end of the century around the 1690 , certainly the time when the cellar was backfilled , offering enough space to bury such a big cadaver in the center of the town , " their report explains . "  The skeleton remained there for more than 300 years to raise questions in the future . "	Archaeologists have found the skeleton of a camel below a cellar in an Austrian village They believe the camel was from the 17th century Osmanic-Habsburg war Ottoman troops used camels as troops during the conflict
Hong Kong  CNN  -- An investigation is under way into a horrific collision in Hong Kong that resulted in the deaths of two visiting chefs from Heston Blumenthal 's famous British restaurant , The Fat Duck . Lotus PR , which represents The Fat Duck , identified the two chefs as Jorge Ivan Arango Herrera , known as Jorge , and Carl Magnus Lindgren , who went by Magnus . "  They were both senior members and great and dear friends , " according to a statement by The Fat Duck . "  Two uniquely talented young chefs that were loved by everyone who worked with them . They will be sadly and deeply missed . " The purpose of the trip to Hong Kong was for a private event , according to Lotus PR . Also killed was the chefs ' taxi driver . Blumenthal , who was also in Hong Kong , identified the bodies of the two chefs , according to a local newspaper , The Standard , which featured a photograph of him with police on Wednesday . According to the Hong Kong Police Force , the accident occurred Monday morning when a bus was traveling downhill and hit two cars , crossed into the other lane and crushed the chefs ' taxi against another bus . In addition to the three deaths , 56 people were injured , including the driver of the other bus , a baby and a 90-year old , according to police . The driver of the first bus was arrested for dangerous driving that resulted in death and was released after posting HK $ 5,000  US$ 645  bail , according to a police spokesman . The operations head of the bus company , New World First Bus , cited security video recordings as showing its driver fainted and that the bus went out of control for more than 10 seconds , according to South China Morning Post . The paper said the driver joined the company in 1998 , had a good driving record with a few minor accidents and passed his medical check in July . The Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong confirmed that the two chefs were guests of the hotel . "  We are deeply saddened by this tragic event and our hearts and prayers are with their families and loved ones , " said Nina Colls , the hotel 's communications director , in a statement . A menu by Blumenthal , whose restaurant has been awarded three Michelin stars , with recipes that date from the 16th century has been offered at the Mandarin Oriental in London 's Hyde Park . In an interview with a Hong Kong culinary magazine , Crave , Blumenthal expressed his desire to open a Fat Duck at the Mandarin Oriental Hong Kong . The news of the accident was greeted by sadness in the culinary world . The French Laundry , owned by chef Thomas Keller in California , tweeted : "  Today we have a heavy heart ... Thoughts and prayers go out to the entire team of The Fat Duck & their families on this most difficult day . " Raymond Blanc , who owns Le Manoir aix Quat ` Saisons in Oxford , England , tweeted , "  My heart and my thoughts are with the families of the 2 young chefs from the Fat Duck & with Heston & the whole team at this tragic time . "	NEW : The Fat Duck releases statement on deaths of two chefs They and their driver die in collision , and 56 people are hurt , police say Driver of bus released on bail after arrest for dangerous driving that results in death Bus collided into car , ramming it against another bus
CNN  -- When David Letterman made the surprise announcement on Thursday 's "  Late Show with David Letterman " that he planned to retire in 2015 , his stated reasons were that he was just about to turn 67 , had been doing the job for more than three decades and wanted to spend more time with his son and family . Hard to argue with any of that . An unstated reason is probably that the younger new wave of late-night TV hosts is not only nipping at his heels but pulling ahead of him . Most important of all , however , is that in the age of the Internet , the way viewers take in late-night TV is not what it was when Letterman was honing his style . The battle for viewers is now fought more with four-minute viral videos the next morning than complete shows with monologues and conversations as integral ingredients . Today 's late-night TV is about bite-size bits . Letterman liked to serve multicourse meals . Indeed , his mastery of the form has kept him behind a talk-show desk for 33 years . Start with four months as the host of daytime 's "  The David Letterman Show " in 1980 . Add the 1982-93 run of "  Late Night with David Letterman " on NBC , followed by the "  Late Show with David Letterman " run that 's 21 years now and counting . By the time Letterman walks out of the Ed Sullivan Theater for the last time , he 'll have clocked a third of a century as a late-night TV host and monologist . That 's longer than Johnny Carson , who was the former late-night king at 30 years . Longer than Jay Leno , who managed 20 in two different shifts . Longer than anyone at that very rarified , high-pressure job . Like Steve Allen , Jack Paar and Dick Cavett before him , Letterman brought enough to the party to rank him as one of the very best . Even though Leno 's "  Tonight Show , " a direct time-slot rival to Letterman 's program on CBS , drew more viewers for most of its run , Letterman produced more memorable programs , more classic bits and -- as when he was the first New York talk-show host to return after , and react to , the terrorist attacks of September 11 -- more instances of truly classic television moments . The speculation tying the timing of Letterman 's departure to the introduction of Jimmy Fallon in February as the newest host of "  The Tonight Show " probably has some validity . It 's no secret that Letterman wanted to be Carson 's successor and long saw NBC 's "  Tonight " as the crown jewel of late-night TV , which it had been throughout the reigns of Allen , Paar and Carson . After being passed over for Leno , Letterman subsequently saw the NBC job go to Conan O'Brien , to Leno again and then to Fallon . Certainly , by the time Fallon started at "  Tonight , " Letterman was used to being beaten in the ratings by NBC , and that trend has only intensified . Since the latest late-night talent shifts , Fallon 's "  Tonight Show " has drawn about twice as many viewers as Letterman  5.2 million to Letterman 's 2.7 , with ABC 's "  Jimmy Kimmel Live " just behind Letterman at 2.6  . In the coveted 18-49 demographic , Letterman comes in third , behind Kimmel as well as Fallon . But the real shift is n't in who 's watching but in who 's not watching . "  The Tonight Show " of the Carson era , so revered by Letterman  and by older viewers and TV critics like myself  , was must-see TV before that term was invented . Millions of people did n't think of going to bed before hearing Carson 's monologue , to get his take on what happened that day . In 2014 , though , that 's simply not happening . Every term , I ask my college students at Rowan University how many of them watch any of the late-night shows as they 're first televised . This includes even Comedy Central 's "  The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " and "  The Colbert Report , " for which they 're the ideal target audience . And every term , fewer hands go up . They are waiting for those pieces of the previous night 's talk shows spoon-fed to them , either as morning-show highlights or as viral videos on news sites or shared by Facebook friends . Perhaps , had the Internet come along many decades earlier , Carson 's Ed Ames tomahawk throw would have gone viral -- but that 's the only part viewers would have seen . The nightly monologues , as comedic currency , have been devalued , and the popularity of a show -- and a host -- can be measured as much today by quick hits of brilliant comedy business rather than a solid hour of entertainment . Fallon , of course , is superb at this game ; his musical bits alone are guaranteed to feed a steady course of streaming videos . Kimmel is good at it too , and even the host following Letterman on CBS , Craig Ferguson of "  The Late Late Show , " has attracted many millions of YouTube hits with snippets of his antics . Letterman , like British counterpart Graham Norton on BBC America 's "  The Graham Norton Show " import , sees his show as a one-hour complete entity . That fewer members of his audience are seeing it that way may be the biggest reason he 's leaving . If no one is watching TV in real time any more , then what does being a "  late-night " host even mean ?	David Letterman , who 's retiring in 2015 , has been a talk show host for 33 years David Bianculli says it 's more than Fallon 's "  Tonight Show " turn He says many people see late-night shows as short bits or viral videos online the next day Bianculli : Internet age has devalued Letterman 's forte of monologue , hourlong show
CNN  Got your flats ? Topped up the credit card ? Got a handful of Euros for gelato and a slice ? That 's all you need for a tour of the fashion center of the fashion capital of the world . And our handy guide . Milan 's "  fashion quadrangle " is one of the world 's top shopping districts , sparkling with glossy boutiques , squeaking with luxury designer brands . Brands scream for attention , often with outrageous displays or perplexing marketing campaigns . "  You must be stupid , " Renzo Rosso , the billionaire founder of Diesel jeans , tells CNN , referring to the need to take risks to succeed . He "  invented " ripped denim at the age of 15 , he says . "  I still do n't know why but I did something stupid : the cloth was stiff so I started rubbing the jeans on the cement of my barnyard . My jeans had a great success . " Now he has a store on one of the most enviable retail streets in the world , at the southern end of Via Montenapoleone . "  You must be ready to take risks and have a crazy approach . Only the stupid can be truly brilliant . " The four main intersecting streets : Via Montenapoleone , Via Alessandro Manzoni , Corso Venezia , Via della Spiga are noisy and busy . The internal alleys are more relaxing . "  Here you can breathe the essence of Milan 's fashion universe : creative , vibrant , dynamic , " says personal shopper Annamaria Lamanna , who takes foreign clients on tours . Advisory : The price tags within may not be suitable for all viewers . For big names : Via Montenapoleone The top brands on Via Montenapoleone are clustered together like over-friendly neighbors . But do n't be fooled : tough-looking security agents guard entrances and there are few price tags exposed . "  It 's the quadrangle 's symbol road , loaded with identity and the biggest boutiques , " says Lamanna . This is where the ultimate in fashion names hang out : Giorgio Armani , Salvatore Ferragamo , Fendi , Roberto Cavalli , Ralph Lauren , La Perla and Gucci , to name a few . Shoppers here are invariably of the "  money 's no object " classes , stepping out of one store and into the next as if they were sampling mild cheeses . To get a price you need to ask . Highlights : At Gucci , a woman 's "  Lady Lock " crocodile tote bag costs $ 18,500  $ 25,360  while a crocodile-skin jacket goes for $ 33,000  $ 45,000  , though they have been sold for as much as $ 90,000  $ 123,000  . Gentlemen are luckier : they can grab a tailored suit for a measly $ 2,500  $ 3,400  . Stylish silence : Via della Spiga This is a favorite street for many . Despite being one of the quadrangle 's main streets it 's silent , car-free and has a dreamy atmosphere . Boutiques here are works of art in themselves , set in historical buildings . You can become more entranced by the decor and furniture than by the items . "  It perfectly blends tradition and fashion , the pleasure of a walk and the glam of the sexy boutiques , " says Lamanna . The shop fronts are some of the most photographed things on this street . Elegant mannequins lie on leather couches while high-heels and clutches adorn stone gargoyles . Wooden animals , boats and leopard-skin sofas are some of the other classy objects to be seen . It 's pure glamor . Boutique picks include Ermanno Scervino , Emilio Pucci , Dolce & Gabbana , Moschino , Rocco Barocco and Byblos . Highlights : Dolce and Gabbana 's "  Bellucci " pumps , showcased inside a wicker chest , cost $ 795  $ 1,089  . Mens ' fine jumpers at Brunello Cucinelli , Italy 's "  Cashmere King , " are $ 500  $ 685  . The kids are n't left out either . At Pinco Pallino you can get your daughter a nice white dress and gold shoes for $ 1,000  $ 1,370  . Smaller players : Via Sant ` Andrea , Via Santo Spirito These are the top internal alleys , away from the buzz of Via Monte Napoleone . Via Sant ` Andrea features , among others , the boutiques of Trussardi , Missoni , Jimmy Choo and Chanel , where cocktail dresses can be found for $ 4,300  $ 5,900  . Miu Miu 's signature leather tassel and crystals biker bag is sold at a modest $ 1,700  $ 2,330  . "  Via Sant ` Andrea is becoming ever more important inside the quadrangle thanks to the opening of new stores . And it 's a pleasure for the eyes , " says Lamanna . Highlights : In Via Santo Spirito , a pair of Balenciaga sandals cost $ 995  $ 1,360  . If that 's too cheap , you can always move along to Valentino . From the Gianvito Rossi store you can peep into the spell-binding Bagatti Valsecchi Palace . All in one : An Armani universe Burnt too many calories ? Need a break ? Giorgio Armani is the only designer to own an entire block -- appropriately in the shape of a gigantic "  A " -- at the heart of the fashion quadrangle . The store leads into the Armani universe : restaurants , a luxury hotel , lounge bar and club . Highlights : You can grab a light lunch at the sleek red-and-black Armani Emporio Caffé  Via Croce Rossa 2 ; +39 02 6231 2680 ; from $ 10  or sample the fusion cuisine of Japanese restaurant Armani/Nobu  Via Pisoni 1 ; +39 02 6231 2645  . The five-star Armani Hotel  Via Manzoni 31 ; +39 02 8883 8888 ; rooms from $ 500  $ 685   has a rooftop spa featuring a pool with a glass ceiling overlooking the city . Signature suites are bigger than 200 square meters and come with a personal trainer . In front of the spa there 's Bamboo Bar  Via Marcona 6 , +39 08 8395 0201  one of Milan 's coolest lounge bars . Its barman makes extravagant cocktails  from $ 10  $ 14   , such as Blue Cheese Daiquiri using real cheese . Close to Bamboo you 'll find the hotel restaurant . Its menu features Sicilian langoustine tartare with green apple , passion fruit and raspberry jelly  from $ 20  $ 28   . Other hotel picks include four-star Hotel Manzoni  Via Santo Spirito 20 ; +39 02 7600 5700 ; from $ 290  $ 397   . Il Salumaio di Montenapoleone  Via Santo Spirito 10 ; +39 02 7600 1123 ; from $ 15  $ 20.50   serves amberjack carpaccio with a "  Tiziano " cocktail made of Champagne and raspberries . Silvia Marchetti is a freelance journalist and writer based in Italy .	Milan 's fashion quadrangle is packed with high-end brands and high-end people Via Montenapoleone is the main road , with the biggest boutiques Via della Spiga is a quieter alternative , silent , car-free and dreamy
SANA'A , Yemen  CNN  -- It is midday and girls are flooding out of school , but Nujood Ali is not among them . Nujood Ali today is angry and skips school but is still relieved her defiance paid off . We find her at the family 's two-room house in an impoverished suburb of the city where Nujood is angry , combative and yelling . Tension surrounds the home like a noose . After much arguing with family members , Nujood finally grabs her veil and agrees to sit down with CNN . Her presence is grudging , although CNN had got permission in advance to see how the girl who rocked a nation by demanding a divorce was shaping up . Nujood is very different from the girl we first met nearly two years ago . Then , there was no doubt the 10-year-old was every inch a child . She was the very portrait of innocence : A shy smile , a playful nature and a whimsical giggle . That picture was very much at odds with the brutal story of abuse she endured as a child bride who fought for a divorce and is now still fighting . Watch Nujood tell her story to CNN on World 's Untold Stories " Nujood says she remains relieved and gratified that her act of defiance -- which led to appearances at awards shows and on TV -- had paid off . The story was supposed to end with the divorce and an innocent but determined girl allowed to fully embrace the childhood she fought so hard to keep . Instead , there has been no fairytale ending for Nujood . There was , though , a stunning transformation . Nujood went from being a victim and child bride to a portrait of courage and triumph . Her inspirational story was told and re-told around the world , but at home all was not well . In the fall of 2008 Nujood was recognized as Glamour Magazine 's Woman of the Year , alongside some of the world 's most impressive women . She even attended the ceremony in New York and was applauded by women from Hillary Clinton to Nicole Kidman . There is a tell-all book which is to be published in more than 20 languages , and the author says Nujood will receive a good portion of the royalties . Nujood 's strength was celebrated by complete strangers . But what did all the fame do for the one person it was meant to transform ? "  There is no change at all since going on television . I hoped there was someone to help us , but we did n't find anyone to help us . It has n't changed a thing . They said they were going to help me and no one has helped me . I wish I had never spoken to the media , " Nujood says bitterly . There was never going to be a fortune . Generous people have donated thousands so Nujood could go to a private school , but she refuses to attend , according to Shada Nasser , the human rights lawyer who took on the child 's divorce case . "  I know Nujood was absent from the school . I spoke with her father and her family . And I ask them to control her and ask her to go every day to school . But they said , ` You know we do n't have the money for the transportation . Do n't have the money for the food , ' " says Nasser . She believes Nujood is being victimized by her own family because they believe Nujood 's fame should bring them fortune . Nujood 's parents say they 've received nothing , and in the meantime Nujood stews wondering out loud how everything turned out this way . "  I was happy I got divorced but I 'm sad about the way it turned out after I went on television , " she said adding that she feels like an outcast even among her family and friends . Nujood was pulled out of school in early 2008 and married off by her own parents to a man she says was old and ugly . And yet , as a wife , Nujood was spared nothing . "  I did n't want to sleep with him but he forced me to , he hit me , insulted me " said Nujood . She said being married and living as a wife at such a young age was sheer torture . Nujood described how she was beaten and raped and how , after just a few weeks of marriage , she turned to her family to try to escape the arrangement . But her parents told her they could not protect her , that she belonged to her husband now and had to accept her fate . CNN tried to obtain comment from Nujood 's husband and his family but they declined . Nujood 's parents , like many others in Yemen , struck a social bargain . More than half of all young Yemeni girls are married off before the age of 18 , many times to older men , some with more than one wife . It means the girls are no longer a financial or moral burden to their parents . But Nujood 's parents say they did not expect Nujood 's new husband to demand sex from his child bride . To escape , Nujood hailed a taxi -- for the first time in her life -- to get across town to the central courthouse where she sat on a bench and demanded to see a judge . After several hours , a judge finally went to see her . "  And he asked me , ` what do you want ' and I said ' I want a divorce ' and he said ` you 're married ? ' And I said ` yes . ' " says Nujood . Nujood 's father and husband were arrested until the divorce hearing , and Nujood was put in the care of Nasser . Indeed , it seems the judge had heard enough of the abuse to agree with Nujood that she should get her divorce . But based on the principles of Shariah law , her husband was compensated , not prosecuted . Nujood was ordered to pay him more than $ 200 -- a huge amount in a country where the United Nations Development Programme says 15.7 percent of the population lives on less than $ 1 a day . Khadije Al Salame is working to help Nujood get her life back . Now a Yemeni diplomat , 30 years ago she too was a child bride . But when she left her husband , she did not have to endure the publicity that now haunts Nujood . She said : "  It 's good to talk about Nujood and to have her story come out , but the problem is it 's too much pressure on her . "  She does n't understand what 's going on . She 's a little girl and we have to understand as a media people that we should leave her alone now . If we really love Nujood then we should just let her go to school and continue with her life , because education is the most important thing for her . " To get her divorce , Nujood showed a character and strength not easily expressed by women in Yemen , let alone a 10-year-old child bride . But she will need to muster all that strength and more if she 's to finally reclaim her life . Nujood told us she thought the divorce would be the end of her struggle and she 's still angry that it turned out to be just the beginning . CNN producer Schams Elwazer contributed to this report	Child who got divorce in Yemen struggling to be a child again Nujood Ali escaped her parents and husband to plead in court for a divorce Her plight raised issue of child brides but has not given her a happy ending Ali skips school and is angry ; lawyer says her family is now victimizing her
CNN  -- The Fit Nation "  6-Pack " is visiting the National Training Center in Clermont , Florida , this week to learn more about biking , swimming and running . Like many newcomers to the sport of triathlon , they 've made some mistakes early on . This trip , halfway through the training , is about fixing those mistakes . I 've trained three groups of Fit Nation triathletes , and over the years I 've come up with five simple rules all beginners should follow : 1 . Find a love for each discipline . It 's OK not to love every training session , but I think it 's important to enjoy your time swimming , biking and running . It 's important to view this time as a gift -- as an opportunity for adventure , improved fitness and overall better quality of life . 2 . Keep it simple . The triathlon industry is fast paced and high tech , based on the demographic of the sports participants . Do n't get lost in the heart rate , wattage , newest gadget , latest diet plan or running shoe . At the end of the day , the sport is simply : Swim . Bike . Run . I am not saying some of these gadgets wo n't help your progression as an athlete , but they are not all necessary , especially not early in your training . Do n't get lost in the hype and the information overload . 3 . Do not avoid the sport you favor the least . It is human nature to do what we are more familiar with more frequently . If you are a weak swimmer , however , your swim will not improve by running three to four times a week and swimming only one to two times a week . Aim for balance in your training rather than avoidance . 4 . Follow a training plan . Write your own plan , find a training plan online or work with a coach . Choose the path that is the best fit . A plan will help you reach your goals , create balance in training and help prevent injury . 5 . Do n't worry about the finish line . Stay in the present throughout your triathlon progression . Break things up into manageable pieces and check them off as you accomplish bench marks . For example , break your first 4-mile run effort into 2 x 2-mile efforts . Do n't think about the second effort until you have accomplished the first . Acknowledge the accomplishment of the first 2-mile effort as you continue moving forward into the second part of the effort . Follow Burkey on Twitter @aprils_awesome .	The Fit Nation "  6-Pack " is training together in Florida this week Coach April Burkey offers training plans and tips for CNN 's triathletes-to-be Burkey : At the end of the day , the sport is simply running , biking and swimming
CNN  -- In the same-sex marriage debate , Elton John believes he knows where Jesus would 've stood . The musician , who plans to marry his partner David Furnish next year , talked to Sky News on Sunday about how pleased he is with Pope Francis and how he wishes the Church of England would show greater support for his message . "  The new Pope has excited me so much by his humanity , " John said . "  He 's stripped it down to the bare bones and said it 's all basically about love and taking everybody in , inclusiveness . And that has to be encouraged by the Church of England . " So when it comes to issues such as vows of celibacy for Catholic priests and gay clergymen being able to marry , John said the church needs to catch up with the times . "  These are old and stupid things , and the church hierarchy might be up in arms about it -- the traditionalists -- but times have changed , " John said . "  We live in a different time . If Jesus Christ was alive today , I can not see him , as the Christian person that he was and the great person that he was , saying this could not happen . "  He was all about love and compassion and forgiveness and trying to bring people together , and that is what the church should be about . " As far as coming together for John 's nuptials , fans should n't expect a large affair . "  It 'll be very quiet and very off the cuff , " John said . "  But we will  marry  , and I think it 's a great opportunity to take advantage of the new laws , and to celebrate it . "	Elton John believes Jesus would support same-sex marriage He 's excited by Pope Francis ' message and emphasis on inclusion John on his upcoming marriage : "  It 'll be very quiet and very off the cuff "
New York  CNN  -- Justin DiPietro , the father of missing Maine toddler Ayla Reynolds , has taken a polygraph , the spokesman for the Maine State Police said . "  He was told the results , " Stephen McCausland added . McCausland would not say when the test was given , nor did he say whether Ayla 's father passed , failed , or if the results were inconclusive . He also would not elaborate on what questions DiPietro was asked . However , DiPietro told the Morning Sentinel newspaper in Waterville , Maine , that he took the test early on in the investigation . "  I know I went in there and smoked it , " he said . "  I told the truth , and that 's it . " The newspaper reported Ayla 's father would not reveal the results , and would say only , "  They can tell me whatever they want . Again , I did n't physically see the results . " Polygraph results can not be used as evidence in court . It 's been four weeks since Ayla disappeared . Alya , now 21 months old , was reported missing by her father the morning of December 17 . Police said DiPietro told them he put Ayla to bed at 8 p.m. the night before . Police said Friday that three children -- not two , as they previously said -- were at home the night Ayla went missing . Ayla 's grandmother , Phoebe DiPietro , has told CNN that Ayla was in her bedroom she shared with her cousin , who is three months younger . DiPietro now confirms to the Morning Sentinel that his sister Elisha -- the mother of Ayla 's cousin -- was there along with DiPietro 's girlfriend , Courtney Roberts , and her young son . The family 's one-story home is owned by DiPietro 's mother . She told police she was not there that night . It appears DiPietro has a room in the basement . DiPietro has not spoken publicly about what happened the night his daughter vanished other than to say , through his mother , that he put her to bed . Investigators said they have told DiPietro family members they 're free to discuss what transpired that night despite any previous possible misunderstanding . When Ayla first disappeared , police told them not to disclose details because of sensitivities of the case . DiPietro told the newspaper he 's deferring to police on that subject . "  I would rather let them be the ones to come out and talk about that night , if they feel it 's necessary , " DiPietro told the Morning Sentinel . "  I do n't really feel that 's up to us . If there are certain details they want to share , they should be the ones to come out and share those details , " he told the paper . A missing children 's center in Houston , Laura 's Recovery Center , said it has advised DiPietro to talk about Ayla as much as possible to keep the case in the public eye .	A police spokesman would not say what the results of the polygraph were 21-month-old Ayla Reynolds has been missing for four weeks Report : "  I told the truth , and that 's it , " Ayla 's father said Police now say three -- not two -- children were in the house
