CNN  -- After more than three decades , Zimbabwean President Robert Mugabe is not ready to give up power . Referred to by locals as "  old man , " the 89-year-old leader trudges on , holding on to his presidency by suppressing the media and intimidating his opponents , rights groups say . But his supporters have dismissed the claims , saying the bespectacled leader wins hearts based on his popularity and policies . Zimbabwe election praised by African Union , sidesteps rigging claims Last week , Zimbabwe 's election commission handed him another five years in power when it said he won 61 % of the votes in the country 's presidential elections . His rival , Prime Minister Morgan Tsvangirai , cried foul and threatened to mount a legal challenge . The United States , the United Kingdom and Australia all questioned the results . Mugabe has never been shy about his grip on power . "  This is my territory , and that which is mine I cling  to  unto death , " he once said . War hero Once hailed as a liberation hero , Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers in Zimbabwe , then known as Rhodesia . The white regime threw him into prison for 10 years . After his release in 1974 , he launched a fight for freedom from Mozambique . He coordinated a guerrilla war against then-Prime Minister Ian Smith 's white minority rule in Rhodesia and returned home a hero in 1979 . "  He was very clear of what they were looking for , which was really one person , one vote , democracy for his country , " said Moeletsi Mbeki , brother of former South African President Thabo Mbeki . "  He was leading this party which had an army , which was credible , which was doing a good job against the white settlers in then-Rhodesia . " He went on to lead the newly independent Zimbabwe -- first as prime minister in 1980 , then as president seven years later . Different paths Mugabe and South Africa 's anti-apartheid icon , Nelson Mandela , both battled to free their nations from white minority rule . But Mandela , who became president in 1994 after he was freed from prison , kept a promise to retire after only one term . Though both were hailed as liberation heroes , Mandela is considered an iconic statesman . Mugabe , on the other hard , is vilified by some world leaders . "  In western lore he has been a terrorist , a Marxist ideologue , now a bloodthirsty tyrant , stereotypes that he alone on the continent has been able to mock and laugh off , " Roy Agyemang said in an opinion piece in Britain 's The Guardian newspaper . Agyemang , who produced the movie "  Mugabe : Villain or Hero ? " said the leader is unfazed by the characterizations . " ` If standing for my people 's aspirations makes me a Hitler , ' Mugabe once said , ` let me be a Hitler a thousand times . ' " Good ol' days Zimbabwe 's economy was strong in the early years of Mugabe 's rule . The country was known as the breadbasket of southern Africa because of its strong agricultural sector . But that changed in the 1990s , when the economy began a downward spiral and Mugabe 's government faced charges of elitism , cronyism and corruption . His liberation credentials brought him high regard during the early part of his leadership , with many seeing him as a unifying figure committed to the needs of the average person . Goodwill runs out But the goodwill from his liberation struggle slowly ran out . In 2000 , he drew criticism for his land reform program that evicted white farmers and gave the land to poor black Zimbabweans , many veterans of the struggle for independence . Most were not as familiar with commercial farming . "  Zimbabwe belongs to the Zimbabweans , pure and simple , " he said in a 2009 interview with CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . White Zimbabweans -- even those born in the country with legal ownership of their land -- have a debt to pay , he said . Soon after , agricultural output decreased sharply . ` One of Africa 's bad boys ' Despite his pariah status in the West , analysts say Mugabe 's anti-Western tirades have propelled his popularity at home . To some , he commands respect for challenging the status quo and retaining his image as a critic of former colonial powers , said Ayo Johnson , director of Viewpoint Africa , which sells Africa content to media outlets . "  Mugabe ... is one of Africa 's bad boys and wears his medal with pride , " Johnson said in a past interview . "  He who stands up and shouts the most is usually revered . " Few African leaders have as willfully and spitefully taunted the West , a major source of donor aid , as Mugabe has . His anti-West tirades especially target Britain and the United States , which he accuses of colonialism . "  Keep your pink nose out of our affairs , please , " he told the United States last week in response to criticism of his push for elections without key reforms . Agyemang says Mugabe 's bold economic policies are moving the nation forward . "  Mugabe is more than just a politician , he leads a cause , or as his militant supporters would say , he has become the cause itself , " Agyemang said in The Guardian piece . "  And the cause has something to do with giving back the African his dignity well beyond symbols of nominal independence . " No longer a breadbasket In recent years , political rivals have accused him of turning a nation once known as the breadbasket of southern Africa into one racked by hunger and once sky-high inflation . But Mugabe has clung to power at all costs . In 2008 , his party lost to his closest rival , Tsvangirai , who did not get enough votes to avoid a runoff . Opposition party supporters were beaten , tortured and killed , rights groups said , and Tsvangirai withdrew from the runoff in protest . The post-election violence left about 200 people dead and thousands injured . Regional leaders dismissed that election as a sham and pressured the two to form a power-sharing agreement , which led to a tense coalition in 2009 . Mugabe 's main opponent became his prime minister , and the squabbles continued . Former teacher Born in February 1924 in then-Rhodesia to a carpenter father , Mugabe spent his early career as a teacher . His first wife died in 1992 , and he married his current wife , Grace , four years later . They have two sons and one daughter . Mugabe has university degrees in education , economics , administration and law from the University of London . In 2002 , the European Union imposed sanctions on Mugabe and his allies , including travel bans , accusing Zimbabwe of human rights violations . in 2008 , the United Kingdom stripped Mugabe of an honorary knighthood awarded by Queen Elizabeth II . Later that year , the nation plunged into post-election violence . The European Union eased the sanctions after a successful referendum on a new constitution in March of this year but called for credible elections . Inflation As he has continued to lash out at the West , donors have distanced themselves , sending Zimbabwe on a downward economic spiral . By 2008 , the nation 's inflation had soared to 200 million percent . Food shelves were empty , and a loaf of bread cost about 300 billion Zimbabwean dollars . International isolation continued to hit the economy as corruption remained rife . Despite widespread poverty , the nation has made major strides in its economy in recent years , experts say . There is food on the shelves , schools and hospitals are open and farming is showing signs of recovery . Since 2010 , the nation 's gross domestic product "  has grown by an average of over 7 % and inflation has remained in the low single digits , " the International Monetary Fund said last month . "  Government revenues have more than doubled from 16 % of GDP in 2009 to an estimated 36 % of GDP in 2012 , allowing the restoration of basic public services . " Medical trips Illness has come with Mugabe 's advancing age . He has reportedly made regular trips to Singapore for medical treatment amid growing concerns about his health . In 2011 , public documents showed he amassed a staggering $ 29 million in travel expenses . WikiLeaks released cables detailing party members ' reports that he is suffering from cancer , which he has denied . Despite the reports , a Freedom House survey last year showed that Mugabe 's party was regaining its popularity . Q&A : Why Zimbabwe elections matter CNN 's Paul Armstrong contributed to this report .	He was once called a liberation hero , but rights groups now accuse him of abuses Mugabe became a household name during a guerrilla war against white colonial rulers He was Zimbabwe 's prime minister in 1980 , then its president seven years later Survey last year showed his party regaining popularity
CNN  -- Tens of thousands of people spent part of April 15 at organized "  tea party " demonstrations across the country , protesting what some view as excessive government spending and bailouts . "  Tea party " protesters rally on Wednesday in Boston , Massachusetts . Widely promoted by conservatives on videos and blogs , the movement appears , in part , a reflection of a general anger among people who contend the government takes too much from their pocketbooks . Though financial-industry and automotive bailouts were launched at the end of George W. Bush 's presidency , many demonstrators aimed their words and signs at the Obama administration , criticizing it in part for the recently passed stimulus package . CNN 's Rick Sanchez spoke Wednesday afternoon to one of the organizers of the "  tea party " protests , Tim Phillips , president of Americans for Prosperity . The organization 's Web site identifies him as "  a veteran political strategist and one of the nation 's premier grassroots organizers with nearly two decades of experience , including presidential , gubernatorial and congressional races , as well as state legislative , local and issue-advocacy campaigns . " He is a former chief of staff to Rep. Bob Goodlatte , a Republican from Virginia . Here are excerpts from the interview . SANCHEZ : How do you feel about the turnout ? As I looked at it , I saw that there were a couple of places where the group was small . But , still , you have to take into account that the spread is amazing . PHILLIPS : Yes . SANCHEZ : This is all over the country . PHILLIPS : There are literally -- the best estimate is between 800 and 1,000 of these things across the country . And it 's a genuine grassroots uprising . Yes , groups like Americans for Prosperity , we 're working and helping and organizing . But no one group , Rick , no one organization , no one political party could pull off something like this . It 's a genuine grassroots fire out there . SANCHEZ : Why did n't we see these during the Bush administration , who , by the way , has been accused , by the right and the left , of being a bit of a spendthrift himself ? PHILLIPS : Well , let me tell you , in 2006 , I was in these very studios as part of Americans for Prosperity 's Ending Earmark Express . We went to the site of the 50 most outrageous earmarks in the country . We went to more Republican districts than Democrat districts . And it 's similar , because it 's overspending and wasteful spending . SANCHEZ : But you know what takes -- you know , my old football coach used to call it intestinal fortitude . It 's when you do what no one expects you to do . Like -LSB- Rep. -RSB- Ron Paul -LSB- R-Texas -RSB- , when he stood up in front of a Republican debate and was booed for saying this administration , referring to Bush , has been irresponsible and has spent too much , that 's surprising . That 's news . Those are the guys you have got to give credence to . Republicans now blaming Obama for spending too much , it almost looks like , gee , there is a surprise . You guys were going to do this no matter what he did . PHILLIPS : I think you 're missing an important point . Today is not a Republican thing . The Republican Party frankly is too disorganized and too unsure of itself to pull off stuff like this . This is a grassroots uprising that is telling elected officials in both parties , hey , guys , there is too much debt . We 're going to pile up more debt this year -LSB- than we did -RSB- from 1776 to 1980 in adjusted dollars . That 's unsustainable . Today is a movement , a freedom movement , a conservative freedom movement . It 's not a party movement . SANCHEZ : And I think that 's fair . And I think a lot of people would agree with you , looking at it from a fiscal standpoint . PHILLIPS : Right . SANCHEZ : But then there 's also this . We were doing a report earlier today . One of our correspondents was on the air reporting . And I noticed something behind her . And I said , oh my goodness , look at that . And I bet you it 's not something Tim 's going to be pleased by . Look at that , what it says . Go ahead and turn around . Look at the screen right there . Do we see that guy that says , "  I 'm not your ATM " ? PHILLIPS : Right . SANCHEZ : It 's a white hand giving money to a black hand . You know , what do you make of that ? Does that bother you a little bit ? PHILLIPS : I think that any time you have literally tens of thousands of people from all walks of life coming out to rallies and events , there 's going to be one sign that 's objectionable or one statement that you would rather not be said . SANCHEZ : It 's not representative ? PHILLIPS : Right . -LSB- Not -RSB- in any way does it discount , you know , the good American protest that 's going out there today . Here 's what I would challenge every media organization to do : Go to the rally in Atlanta -LSB- Georgia -RSB- today or any of the rallies that have happened across the country and grab the first 12 people you see . And say , why are you here and tell me what about your background . You 're going to find the most broadly represented mainstream Americans who are concerned about the future with all this spending , all this debt , all these new taxes . I would challenge organizations to do that . Whenever you 've got tens of thousands , really , over 100,000 , coming to somewhere between 800 and 1,000 events across the country ... . SANCHEZ : But you 're saying it 's by far the exception and by no means the norm . PHILLIPS : Right . And the best way , though , to prove that is go to the events and by the way , you 've been showing people at the rallies who are normal average folks and I 'm not dinging you . But that 's the best way to do it . The events I 've been to across the country leading up to today and then today , these are the most mainstream , broadly defined Americans who are genuinely concerned .	Tim Phillips : Tea parties are a broad grassroots movement for freedom He says the protests are n't driven by the Republican Party Phillips : Level of federal spending is unsustainable
Atlanta  CNN  As Bobbi Kristina Brown fights for her life at an Atlanta hospital , the public spat between her boyfriend and her family goes on . In social media posts , Nick Gordon said he 's been prevented from visiting Brown , the daughter of music legend Whitney Houston . "  Let me in the hospital to see my girl and let her hear my voice , " he tweeted Saturday . "  If she hears my voice , let me massage her , play her favorite music I believe it will help . " But Brown 's father slammed the accusation , saying Gordon was offered a chance to visit her . "  Let me be very clear , Mr. Gordon was offered an opportunity to potentially visit Bobbi Kristina and he declined to meet the terms of any possible visit , " R&B singer Bobby Brown said in a statement through his lawyers . "  Obviously Mr. Gordon is not as desperate to visit Bobbi Kristina as he wants the world to believe . " The statement did not specify what the terms were . Without specifying the details of those terms , Gordon 's lawyers said they advised him against meeting them , "  particularly in light of Mr. Brown 's inability to guarantee access . " "  In an effort to do all he can to visit , Nick has repeatedly offered to meet with Mr. Brown privately to discuss his request in person , rather than through lawyers , " lawyers Randall M. Kessler and Joe S. Habachy said in a statement . "  Those offers have also been rejected . We hope Mr. Brown has a change of heart . " Bobby Brown 's attorney responded with another statement , saying Gordon has yet to tell Brown in writing what happened to his daughter . "  Due to Mr. Gordon 's failure to place in tangible form his understanding of the events that lead to the hospitalization of Bobbi Kristina , there is no reason for any additional discussion with him , " attorney Christopher Brown said in a statement . "  Mr. Gordon has every right to remain silent and not share his version of the events with Bobby Brown . We are only concerned with individuals that can help Bobbi Kristina and bring resolution to this investigation . " Bobbi Kristina Brown , 21 , remains in a medically induced coma at Emory University three weeks after she was found unresponsive in a bathtub . Doctors are attempting to slowly lift her coma , according to sources close to the family . Her breathing tube has been removed , and she will now be ventilated through a hole in her throat . Police have said they 're treating her case as a criminal investigation after she was found on January 31 at her home in Roswell , Georgia . The extent of her injuries is not known . Her mother , who died in 2012 , was similarly found in a bathtub . A coroner ruled Houston 's death an accidental drowning , with heart disease and cocaine use listed as contributing factors . Brown is her only child . CNN 's Carolyn Sung , Dana Ford and MaryLynn Ryan contributed to this report .	Bobby Brown 's attorney : Nick Gordon wo n't put in writing what happened to Bobbi Kristina "  Let me in the hospital to see my girl , " Gordon says
Mark Zuckerberg approaches self-improvement like a software engineer . Every year , the Facebook CEO sets some sort of challenge for himself . In 2010 , he tried to learn Mandarin . In 2009 , he vowed to wear a tie to work every day to show he was serious about Facebook 's growth  and possibly get a break from the signature T-shirt and hoodie he wears to every public event  . The annual challenges sometimes make headlines , most famously in 2011 when Zuck vowed to eat animals only if he had killed them himself . That pronouncement led to a mixture of backlash and praise from animal-rights activists . This year , the famously introverted Zuckerberg is seeking out more conversations with actual humans . "  This year , my challenge is to meet a new person outside of Facebook every day , " he said Wednesday at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference . According to Zuckerberg 's own rules , he needs to have a face-to-face conversation with the person , not just shake hands or chat online . Oh , this could be awkward . "  Hi ! I 'm Mark . I 'm a Taurus . What do you love most about Facebook ? " 10 fun facts about Facebook 's Mark Zuckerberg But Zuckerberg said the challenges are a way to open himself up to new perspectives . "  Doing something for a year , I think you have all these interesting unintended consequences , " said Zuckeberg . The year of killing animals led Zuckerberg to become more vegetarian . While learning Mandarin , he had Mandarin-speaking Facebook employees come to his office for conversation practice . He ended up learning about parts of the company he normally would n't have had interactions with and even had some realizations about himself . "  I was complaining to my wife one day that I was never that good at listening in Mandarin and she goes , ` Mark , you 're not good at listening in English , either . ' " This year 's challenge has already led to one very noticeable outcome : the founding of Fwd.us , a lobbying group started by Zuckerberg to advocate for immigration reform in the United States . When planning his year of face-to-face chats , Zuckerberg said he joined community organizations and started teaching a class at a local middle school to have more opportunities to meet non-Facebookers . While teaching the class , he asked about his students ' college plans and was shocked when one boy said he did n't know if he could go to college because he was undocumented . Zuckerberg believes immigration reform could also have a positive impact on tech companies hungry for talented programmers from other countries . The tech wunderkind said the annual challenges are also meant to test his willpower . "  I think a lot of building something is just about kind of seeing things through . And so I try to pick things that are going to be hard for me to do , " he said . His goal for 2013 has been less challenging than he expected . As it turns out , the globetrotting head of a huge technology company meets a number of new people almost every day in the course of his job . "  It 's actually turned out to be really easy , " Zuckerberg said . "  I sandbagged this one . " CNNMoney : IPO made Facebook stronger , Zuckerberg says Yahoo and Facebook ask for more NSA transparency	Mark Zuckerberg has vowed to speak to one non-Facebook employee a day during 2013 The Facebook CEO sets annual challenges for himself Previously he has worn a tie every day , killed all the animals he ate and learned Mandarin Zuckerberg spoke Wednesday at the TechCrunch Disrupt conference
CNN  -- Do n't believe the hype . Billy Crudup plays Dr. Manhattan in "  Watchmen , " the film version of the popular graphic novel . "  Visionary " director Zack Snyder , as the marketing would have it , has filmed Alan Moore 's "  unfilmable " graphic novel by treating the comic book panels as his storyboard and his Bible . Does n't it bother anyone that this is about as far from the definition of "  visionary " as it 's possible to get ? The visionary sees what others do not see . Snyder -- whose previous films were a remake  "  Dawn of the Dead "  and another scrupulously faithful comic book adaptation  "  300 "  -- is more in the line of a fancy photocopier , duplicating other artists ' imagery with a forger 's intensity . A visionary transforms the world . Snyder slavishly transcribes what 's set down 5 inches in front of his face . Alan Moore , who has refused to have his name on the movie  ditto its Moore-based predecessors , "  V for Vendetta " and "  The League of Extraordinary Gentlemen "  and who has declined all reimbursement to protest the entertainment industry 's fundamental lack of respect for intellectual property , counts as a bona fide visionary . His 1986 comic book is a landmark in the history of the form , a masterpiece of pop cultural angst , filtering Cold War nihilism and disillusionment through the inspired pulp idiom of mundane masked crimefighters and one genuine , possibly radioactive , superhero . In Moore 's alternative 1985 , Nixon is still president , the U.S. having won in Vietnam . The Soviets are effectively neutered by America 's not-so-secret weapon , Dr. Manhattan , a kind of quantum ghost in the machine capable of reconstituting matter  and nuclear warheads  at will . Watch the stars at the premiere " Moore 's meta-comic switched back and forth in time with the same facility as Dr. Manhattan morphed between New Jersey and Mars , cutting between a doomsday conspiracy threatening to engulf the Earth and flashbacks relating the biographies of half-a-dozen "  watchmen , " a generation of intrepid masked avengers forced to hang up their capes and Spandex when public opinion turned on them in the late 1970s .  It 's easy to discern the book 's influence on subsequent films "  The Incredibles " and "  Mystery Men . " With its parallel stories and virtuoso zooming and panning visual tropes , Moore and illustrator Dave Gibbons ' "  Watchmen " always felt cinematic . You could sense Martin Scorsese and "  Taxi Driver 's " Travis Bickle in Moore 's squalid New York and vigilante anti-hero Rorschach , but proposed movies by Terry Gilliam and Paul Greengrass failed to materialize , foundering on the comic book 's sophisticated narrative chicanery . The solution proposed by Snyder and screenwriters David Hayter and Alex Tse is simply to ignore the problem and stick to the text . In fairness , this strategy has proved wildly popular in adaptations of the "  Harry Potter " books , for instance , "  Twilight " and "  300 . " The fans seem to demand it -- just as there is now a common assumption that a longer , unexpurgated DVD edition is inherently superior to the shorter , tighter theatrical version . "  Watchmen " the movie provides ample evidence that more is more , but less might have been closer to Moore in spirit  that is , anarchic , witty and compelling  . Clocking in at an exhausting 163 minutes even without some of the book 's various subplots , the film forfeits momentum and suspense for a jerky succession of expository dialogue scenes , interspersed with occasional flashes of grotesque ultra-violence . It 's all invariably filmed in Snyder 's spasmodic , stop-go trademark style and accompanied by a jukebox score that ranges from Bob Dylan and Leonard Cohen to Nena 's "  99 Luftballoons . " On the few occasions where the filmmakers do exercise their imaginations -- in a credit montage relating the glory days of the crimefighters Weegee-style , and in a neat improvement on Moore 's climax -- the results are actually ingenious and sharp . iReport.com : Fan underwhelmed by "  Watchmen " But too many key scenes ring hollow , undermined by flat staging and tone-deaf treatment . One of them is the ridiculous moment when Dr. Manhattan 's faith in humanity is restored by the revelation of ... Well , see it for yourself , and then compare with the infinitely more nuanced passage in the graphic novel . The considerable limitations of Swedish-Canadian actress Malin Akerman are cruelly exposed as Laurie , aka Silk Spectre II , and if Matthew Goode  playing Adrian Veidt  is the smartest man in the world , then we 're really in trouble . Jackie Earle Haley and his "  Little Children " co-star Patrick Wilson fare better as , respectively , the angry reactionary Rorschach and mildly conflicted Dan Dreiberg , while it 's hard to take your eyes off Billy Crudup 's naked blue avatar , Dr. Manhattan -- for various reasons . I guess an honest reproduction of a great comic book is better than the trivialization that often passes for adaptation , and in this case the material is so ingrained with audacious ideas the movie ca n't be counted a complete cop-out . But if it was really going to honor the original , "  Watchmen " had to put the fear of God in us , to rekindle that prospect of imminent nuclear annihilation that haunted the Cold War world . And it had to remind us these rather sorry comic book characters were , as Moore insisted , more human than super . iReport.com : "  Watchmen " very good , but not for kids Snyder flunks that test . Yes it will hit the box office like a tidal wave , but ultimately the numb , enervating "  Watchmen " is living on borrowed time . No smiley face here . "  Watchmen " runs 162 minutes and is rated R. For Entertainment Weekly 's take , click here .	"  Watchmen " is so devoted to the comic book it misses vision , says Tom Charity Film is based on renowned graphic novel about misfit crimefighters A few good performances , but overall the film feels lifeless
CNN Student News  -- May 22 , 2014 President Obama publicly addresses a scandal concerning some Veterans Affairs facilities , but critics say he 's not doing enough to solve the growing problem . Meanwhile , dozens of U.S. troops deploy to the nation of Chad , and we take a trip into a Japanese ghost town that was abandoned after a natural disaster . It 's all covered this Thursday on CNN Student News . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : Why might knowledge of geography be important to understanding current events ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Department of Veterans Affairs 2 . Chad 3 . Cesium-137 Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why are 26 Veterans Affairs hospitals being investigated by the U.S. government ? How has President Obama responded to this controversy ? What do critics say about the president 's response ? 2 . To what central African nation is the president sending 80 U.S. troops ? What role will these troops play ? Why did the president have to inform Congress of this action ? 3 . Where is Fukushima ? What disasters struck the city three years ago ? What does the city look like now ? Why are fields that once were full of crops now full of bags of soil ? What radioactive poison was released during the nuclear plant meltdown ? Why is the professor seen in the video especially worried about the poison 's effect on fish ? What does the reporter have to do before he enters the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant ? What are workers there trying to do to the plant ? How long will the cleanup take ? According to the video , why will the town continue to sit empty for years ? 4 . What was the last horse to win the Triple Crown ? What races make up the Triple Crown ? How many horses have won the Triple Crown ? What horse has a chance to achieve this distinction this year ? What piece of equipment do California Chrome and some other horses wear that was previously banned at the Belmont Stakes ? What is the function of this item ? 5 . Who are some of the commencement speakers seen in the video ? What were some of the points they made ? What advice did they offer ? How did some use humor in their speeches ? Discussion Questions : 1 . Why do you think that the U.S. Constitution designates the president as commander-in-chief of the armed forces but indicates that Congress has the power to declare war ? What is the name of the law that requires the president of the United States to inform Congress before sending troops into potential conflicts ? How would you explain the principle of checks and balances with regard to the armed forces and the branches of government ? 2 . Have you ever heard a commencement address that impressed you ? If so , what did the speaker say that was memorable ? If you could invite anyone to speak to your graduating class , whom would you choose , and why ? What would you like to hear him or her say ? What valuable lessons do you think that others could learn from this person ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
CNN  -- Bayern Munich may have left it late to beat Mainz but will wrap up the Bundesliga title in super quick time next Tuesday should they defeat Hertha Berlin . The Bavarians were eight minutes away from dropping their first league points since the start of October on Saturday before two late goals ensured yet another win . Bastian Schweinsteiger 's 82nd minute strike followed by Mario Gotze four minutes later sealed an 18th league win in a row and a 24th out of 26 this season to give Pep Guardiola 's side 74 points -- 23 more than nearest rival Borussia Dortmund who have 51 . All of which means that Bayern can make last season 's title won with six games to spare look positively sluggish compared to this year 's likely margin of seven . "  We 've played very good opponents and we 've won , " Guardiola said of the victory over Mainz . "  We 've extended our record to 18 wins on the trot . That 's the result of a lot of hard work . I 'm just pleased about winning today against one of the toughest teams we 'll face this season . "  We only need one more win now . It 's in our own hands ... " In the battle for second place , Borussia Dortmund retained a one point advantage over Schalke . Jurgen Klopp 's side were 3-0 winners at Hannover while Schalke beat bottom side Braunschweig 3-1 . In Saturday 's remaining Bundesliga fixtures , Stuttgart won 1-0 against Hamburg while Monchengladbach rise to fifth after a 3-0 win over mid-table Hertha Berlin . Wolfsburg and Augsburg drew 1-1 . Meanwhile in Spain , four games were played Saturday ahead of Real Madrid 's clash against Barcelona at the Bernabeu on Sunday night . Granada moved up to 11th place with a 1-0 win over Elche while the match between Espanyol and Levante ended in a 0-0 draw . Valladolid and Rayo Vallecano also drew  1-1  . In the late kick-off , Athletic Bilbao can consolidate fourth place with victory over Getafe . There were two fixtures in Italy 's Serie A on Saturday . Torino beat Livorno 3-1 while Roma cemented second place behind leaders Juventus with a 2-0 win at ChievoVerona . The win gives Rudi Garcia 's side 67 points -- eight fewer that Juve who travel to Catania on Sunday and nine more than third place Napoli who entertain Fiorentina , also on Sunday . Read more : Chelsea ruin Wenger 's big day	Bayern Munich score two late goals to beat Mainz Pep Guardiola 's side will clinch title with win against Hertha Berlin on Tuesday Borussia Dortmund still one point ahead of Schalke in battle for second
CNN  -- A California woman stabbed repeatedly by her then-boyfriend , a comedic Hollywood actor , on Friday described his courtroom antics explaining his violence as "  very surreal and bizarre " -- and , above all , insincere . "  In his testimony , he stated that it was the knife that did it , and he stated this repeatedly , " Kendra Beebe told HLN 's Jane Velez-Mitchell . "  In fact it was n't the knife that stabbed me 23 times . It was Shelley Malil . " One day earlier , San Diego , California , County Superior Court Judge Harry Elias sentenced Malil to life in prison with the possibility of parole . Five years ago , the actor was cracking up audiences as an electronics store clerk in "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin . " But in August 2008 , he was arrested in North County , California and charged with stabbing Beebe . Earlier this fall , a California jury found him guilty of premeditated attempted murder and assault with a deadly weapon . He was found not guilty of burglary . Malil received near the maximum sentence for his convictions . But his former girlfriend said that , while she was pleased with the jury 's verdict , she still does n't think the punishment was severe enough . "  I feel like I did get justice in our system . But is the system fair and just ? I do n't think so , " Beebe said . Beebe survived the attack , despite having her chin severely cut , two collapsed lungs and losing about half the blood in her body , her attorney Gloria Allred told HLN on Friday . In September , she testified that she 'd initially thought that Malil was going to hug her when he approached her in her home , as her young children slept upstairs , that summer night . But instead , he began cutting her repeatedly with a knife -- a fact that Malil did not deny . "  I saw this flashing silver , and he goes bang , bang , bang , " Beebe said in court . The Indian-born actor -- who , according to the Internet Movie Database , has appeared in at least 54 movies and television projects , from Budweiser commercials , to guest appearances on "  Scrubs " and "  Reba , " to his break-out performance as Steve Carell 's co-worker Haziz in "  The 40-Year-Old Virgin " -- testified that he stabbed his girlfriend by mistake , thinking he was defending her . On Thursday , he apologized in court . "  For what I did to Kendra , I do n't even have the words to express my remorse or my feeling sorry . Kendra Beebe did not deserve anything that happened to her , " Malil said . Malil 's 19-year-old niece , Anjali Varghese , testified at the sentencing hearing that her uncle 's "  crime was not a result of any kind of ingrained malice , because that 's not his nature . " Yet Beebe said that the actor 's testimony left her unconvinced , feeling "  so frustrated and angry . " "  It was horrible , " she said . "  He sure lied and lied and lied on the stand . "	NEW : The woman stabbed by actor Shelley Malil 's says he lied and ca n't be trusted NEW : Kendra Beebe says she was "  so frustrated " by the actor 's testimony A California judge sentenced him Thursday to life in prison with a possibility of parole He was convicted of premeditated attempted murder for stabbing Beebe , his girlfriend
CNN  -- A small central Texas community has begun trucking in thousands of gallons of water to avoid running dry during the state 's historic drought , a water official said . Two trucks filled with about 8,000 gallons of water reached Spicewood Beach Monday afternoon and the precious liquid was immediately pumped into community water tanks . "  The community could be trucking for two weeks or two months , it just depends on the weather , " according to Lower Colorado River Association spokeswoman Clara Tuma . "  It 's raining right now , though . " The town is under a Stage 4 water emergency -- the most severe level -- and it wo n't ease until the town gets more rain over an extended period of time . "  The water supply is dangerously low " in the community of 1,100 about 35 miles northwest of Austin , Tuma said . The town sits on Lake Travis and is popular among retirees and people who own lake houses or second homes . The water level in the Spicewood well has leveled out since the water emergency was declared last week . "  All outdoor watering is now prohibited and customers are strongly urged to cut out all nonessential use of water immediately , " the company said in a news release on January 24 . Officials believe conservation by the community has helped . Residents are only supposed to be using water for bathing , cooking and drinking . Besides trucking in water , the LCRA is looking at other alternatives for water , including digging another well , Tuma said . The Spicewood Beach Regional Water System is served by a single well after three other wells in the community were shut down in recent years . "  We 're going to run out of water , " resident Joe Barberra told CNN affiliate YNN Austin . "  Something should have been done a long time ago ... They waited too long . Now we 're in this predicament . " The dry spell began in 2010 and is the worst the state has seen since 1895 , Texas Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst has said . CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .	Spicewood Beach may need supplemental water for several months , official says The community 's water supply is "  dangerously low " The town is under a Stage 4 water emergency
BOGOTA , Colombia  CNN  -- A key rebel commander and fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment was killed over the weekend in an air attack on a guerrilla encampment , the Colombian military said Monday . Alleged cocaine trafficker and FARC rebel Tomas Medina Caracas in an Interpol photo . Tomas Medina Caracas , known popularly as "  El Negro Acacio , " was a member of the high command of the Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia and , according to Colombian and U.S. officials , helped manage the group 's extensive cocaine trafficking network . He had been in the cross-hairs of the U.S. Justice Department since 2002 . He was charged with conspiracy to import cocaine into the United States and manufacturing and distributing cocaine within Colombia to fund the FARC 's 42-year insurgency against the government . U.S. officials alleged Medina Caracas managed the rebel group 's sales of cocaine to international drug traffickers , who in turn smuggled it into the United States . He was also indicted in the United States along with two other FARC commanders in November 2002 on charges of conspiring to kidnap two U.S. oil workers from neighboring Venezuela in 1997 and holding one of them for nine months until a $ 1 million ransom was paid . Officials said the army 's Rapid Response Force , backed by elements of the Colombian Air Force , tracked Medina Caracas down at a FARC camp in the jungle in the south of the country . "  After a bombardment , the troops occupied the camp , and they 've found 14 dead rebels so far , along with rifles , pistols , communications equipment and ... four GPS systems , " Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos said at a news conference . "  The death of ` El Negro Acacio ' was confirmed by various sources , including members of FARC itself . " Medina Caracas commanded FARC 's 16th Front in the southern departments of Vichada and Guainia . Established in 1964 as the military wing of the Colombian Communist Party , FARC is Colombia 's oldest , largest , most capable and best-equipped Marxist rebel group , according to the U.S. Department of State . E-mail to a friend Journalist Fernando Ramos contributed to this report .	Tomas Medina Caracas was a fugitive from a U.S. drug trafficking indictment "  El Negro Acacio " allegedly helped manage extensive cocaine network U.S. Justice Department indicted him in 2002 Colombian military : He was killed in an attack on a guerrilla encampment
CNN  -- Royal Ascot 's most successful jockey Frankie Dettori won a thrilling Gold Cup on Colour Vision in Thursday 's feature race . The 42-year-old sealed his first victory of this year 's meeting by leading home a Godolphin one-two , with stablemate Opinion Poll second under Mikael Barzalona . Dettori had decided to switch rides from Opinion Poll , a decision that paid off when his Saeed Bin Suroor-trained gray won by half a length to earn the Italian 's fifth victory in the prestigious race and his first since 2004 . He is still some way behind the leading 11 victories by the legendary Lester Piggott , but nevertheless has more wins at Royal Ascot than any other jockey . Bin Suroor became only the eighth trainer to claim five Gold Cup victories and Sheikh Mohammed bin Rashid Al Maktoum 's Godolphin matched Sue Magnier 's benchmark five for owners . Magnier 's part-owned Fame And Glory , the pre-race favorite and the winner last year , finished down the field under Jamie Spencer . Meanwhile , there was more disappointment for England 's Queen Elizabeth as her filly Momentary was well beaten in the Ribbesdale Stakes , finishing well back in the field . The race was won in convincing style by Princess Highway , who powered home to win by five lengths . The Queen , wearing mint green on the third day of Royal Ascot -- Ladies ' Day -- had earlier taken her customary trip to the parade ring to inspect her filly ahead of the race and exchange a few words with her jockey , Hayley Turner . But Momentary never presented a serious threat and finished third-last in the field of 14 starters . It follows a gallant second place by the Queen 's horse Carlton House on Wednesday . The Andrew Lloyd Weber-owned The Fugue -- who was an unlucky third behind Was and Shirocco Star in the Oaks -- finished second , with Shirocco Star this time coming third . The Ribbesdale Stakes for three-year-old fillies featured many of the same fillies who contested the Oaks at Epsom earlier this month .	Frankie Dettori and Colour Vision win Royal Ascot 's Gold Cup race Dettori had decided to switch rides from Opinion Poll , which came second Pre-race favorite Fame And Glory finishes down the field The Queen 's filly Momentary finishes third-last in Ribbesdale Stakes
CNN  -- Formula One drivers will face tougher penalties for improper driving in the 2011 season , while race stewards will have more power to hand out sanctions . Stewards were already able to issue drive-through and 10-second penalties or a drop of any number of grid positions , and they will now be able to exclude drivers from race classification and suspend them from future grand prixs . The changes were released by ruling body the FIA in the wake of last Friday 's World Motor Sport Council meeting in Monaco , at which the 2011 regulations were set . The FIA also released details of driving practices it considers improper , including more than one change of direction when defending track position . It also announced that backmarkers -- cars at the rear of the field who have been lapped by faster drivers -- will have to move aside for leading racers , or face being reported to the stewards . F1 bosses drop ban on team orders Another change for the forthcoming season is the introduction of a curfew on team personnel , which will prevent mechanics working on their cars through the night on a race weekend . The curfew will be between midnight and 6 a.m. ahead of practice on a Friday and between 1 a.m. and 7 a.m. before qualifying on a Saturday . Each team will be allowed to break the curfew on four occasions throughout the season . The 2011 season will begin with the Bahrain Grand Prix on March 11-13 .	Formula One race stewards will have more power for the 2011 season Stewards can now impose race bans on drivers who have broken the rules Backmarkers must make way for faster drivers when they are being lapped A curfew has been applied to team personnel to prevent mechanics working overnight
London , England  CNN  -- Oxford Circus is one of the busiest junctions in the heart of London . Until recently , it was also the most congested . Every hour , almost 40,000 people were herded around the crossroads in slow , cramped , and sometimes dangerous conditions . It is also the busiest pedestrian crossing in Europe , according to Westminster City Council . Getting from one side of the road to the other , a distance of a few meters , could take an unreasonably long time and many Londoners thought there was little that could ever be done about it . That is until Westminster City Council , inspired by Tokyo 's famous Shibuya crossing , decided that a similar crossing could solve their Oxford Circus congestion , and make the lives of tens of thousands of pedestrians just a little more pleasant . The redesigned crossing has increased the amount of pavement space by 312 square meters , up 69 percent from its previous capacity . Martin Low , director of transportation for Westminster City Council told CNN : "  It has really been a phenomenal change from pedestrian hell to pedestrian heaven and what it has done is actually make retailers worldwide want to think about coming to the West End . "  We created more space , increased the amount of pedestrian space by about 70 percent , we have removed all of the pedestrian guard railing , we have created a much better environment for pedestrians . " Jacqui Ames , a secretary on a day trip to London from Bexhill , East Sussex , agrees : "  It is much better , there is n't so much congestion and I got across the road without getting pushed and shoved . " Steven , a security guard in one of the retail stores on Oxford Circus said : "  It works really well , I use it every day and it is it quicker and safer than it was before . There 's a junction down the road that I think is really dangerous and should be changed as well . " Westminster City Council believes the $ 7.6 million investment is worth it , saying the diagonal crossing not only reduces pedestrian travel time but also safety and that it has transformed what was once a haven for pickpockets into a much safer environment because pedestrians now have more personal space . The crossing was jointly funded by The Crown Estate , which owns Regent Street , and Transport for London . Could it work in other congested cities ? "  I can see it working in an awful lot of other places , yes . I think across the world people are now starting to think more about the pedestrians . And let us face it , all of us , for some part of our journey , are a pedestrian , " says Low .	Almost 40,000 people use Oxford Circus crossing every hour says Westminster City Council The $ 7.6 million diagonal crossing was inspired by Tokyo 's famous Shibuya crossing
CNN  -- This is what party modernization looks like . Last Friday , Sen. Rob Portman of Ohio announced he is now a supporter of the freedom to marry . What changed his thinking after voting against gay rights in the past ? Finding out that his son -- a Yale sophomore -- was gay , and realizing that sexual orientation is not a choice but an innate quality . "  I have come to believe that if two people are prepared to make a lifetime commitment to love and care for each other in good times and in bad , the government should n't deny them the opportunity to get married , " he said . Portman 's change of heart is significant because he is the highest-ranking elected Republican in America , who is currently in office , to endorse same-sex marriage . But he joins a growing number of Republicans who have already done just that . Indeed , Portman is just the latest addition to an increasingly common occurrence in Republican politics at the county , city and state level . To date 208 elected Republican state legislators have voted to legalize same-sex marriage in 13 states : Connecticut , Illinois , Maine , Massachusetts , Minnesota , Maryland , New Hampshire , New York , New Jersey , Rhode Island , Vermont , Washington and Wyoming . Only nine states and the District of Columbia allow same-sex marriage , but GOP elected officials have voted for marriage when it came up for vote in their legislative chambers in Illinois , Wyoming and Rhode Island , though the law has n't yet passed in those states . Sutter : Gay people live in 50 Americas The conservative argument for marriage includes a recognition of the traditional value of marriage as a stabilizing force in society . Another , economic argument holds that married individuals tend to accumulate more wealth than single individuals  putting them at lesser risk of state dependency  , not to mention that marriage produces more government revenue through taxation . California 's ban on same-sex marriage cost San Francisco $ 37.2 million per year in receipts , according to Ted Egan , chief economist in the San Francisco Controller 's Office . The elected officials who support same-sex marriage are surfing a rapidly rising tide among Republican rank-and-file . A new ABC/Washington Post Poll shows that 52 % of Republicans younger than 50 support same-sex marriage . There are good reasons for this . Conservative faith traditions argue rightly for strict religious protections in the law so that churches , synagogues and mosques are n't forced to perform ceremonies inconsistent with their religious teachings . But Americans ' diverse religious backgrounds have the Golden Rule in common , and conservatives in favor of civil marriage argue that it is consistent with faith traditions for Republican policies to treat others , including gays and lesbians , with the same level of respect and fairness under the law that we wish for ourselves . Constitutional conservatives point to the role of the courts in protecting fundamental rights . They argue that marriage is such a right , enshrined in the constitution , and one that can not be subject to the whims or tyranny of a majority of voters , even if they were to wish to limit the freedoms of gay and lesbians . More and more Republicans are recognizing and respecting the essential dignity of individuals who are gay and deserve the full rights of citizenship , just like their straight brothers and sisters . Opinion : Gay marriage , then group marriage ? These are the messages that last November brought Republicans and independents to the voting booth in Maryland , Maine and Washington , where same-sex marriage was approved for the first time by voters , not courts or legislatures . Minnesotans , who rejected a constitutional ban on same-sex marriage in November , are now poised to legalize marriage this legislative season , with the historic distinction of bipartisan support : Republican State Sen. Branden Petersen is a co-sponsor of the bill . The timing of Portman 's announcement is no accident . In less than a week , Theodore Olson , George W. Bush 's solicitor general and a charter member of the conservative Federalist Society , will argue before the United States Supreme Court that same-sex couples have a constitutional right to marry . Accompanying him is an amicus brief , signed by 135 prominent Republicans ,  I was also a co-signer  making the conservative case for same-sex marriage , an effort organized by former Republican National Committee Chair Ken Mehlman . It 's hard to imagine that the justices are n't taking notes on our country 's rapid transformation on this issue . The final safe haven within the conservative movement for anti-gay bigotry -- the American Conservative Union 's CPAC convention , held last week in Maryland -- received more than a few hearty smackdowns . The editors of National Review , the conservative movement 's founding publication , chided CPAC 's exclusion of gay conservatives , which was followed by a convention panel hosted by the Competitive Enterprise Institute entitled , "  A Rainbow on the Right : Growing the Coalition , Bringing Tolerance Out of the Closet "  full disclosure : I spoke on that panel  . Listen : Voices from the Southern closet Finally , the conservative intellectual pillar Charles Murray took the CPAC stage to argue that the conservative movement must accept same-sex marriage if it wishes to win elections in the future . The data are inescapable : 62 % of all Republicans believe in either same-sex marriage or another form of legal recognition of same-sex relationships and 73 % of Republicans support employment nondiscrimination protections for gays and lesbians . At this point , the support for same-sex marriage from former Vice President Cheney , former first lady Laura Bush and former Secretary of State Colin Powell is icing on the cake . In the words of Portman , this is less a partisan issue than a generational issue . Portman embodies the formula for GOP modernization : a conservatism that unapologetically applies the principle of individual freedom consistently to both fiscal and social policy . The senator has breathed new life into a national party grasping for traction with young Americans . To regain relevance , the beltway 's Republican establishment organizations owe a debt of gratitude to leaders like Portman , Peterson and New York Rep. Richard Hanna for representing their family 's and friends ' right to equal freedom and opportunity . They , and others like them , are making the case for a relevant modern conservative movement . Pro-marriage-freedom Republicans are on the right side of history and in time their courage and contributions will help erase the stain of bigotry that holds the conservative movement back and stops us from connecting to a rising generation of Americans . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Margaret Hoover	Margaret Hoover : Sen. Rob Portman most recent GOP ` er to support same-sex marriage She says conservative values , golden rule allow more in GOP to accept change She says more in GOP see marriage as stabilizing force , good for economy Hoover : To regain relevance with voters , the GOP must reject bigotry that holds it back
CNN  -- Known for building skate parks and shaping the skateboarding scene in New York , Andy Kessler , 48 , died this week after an allergic reaction to an insect sting , friends and family told news media . Andy Kessler , seen in 2005 , reportedly died this week after suffering an allergic reaction to an insect sting . Kessler 's death is a reminder that stings can be deadly for those with an allergy to certain insects , the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology said Friday . At least 40 people in the United States die each year as the result of insect stings , the academy said . As many as 5 percent of Americans are at risk for a severe , potentially life-threatening allergic reaction from insect stings , according to the organization . In a typical week in the emergency room , doctors at Emory University Hospital Midtown in Atlanta , Georgia , see about six or fewer cases of people with allergic reactions to insects , said Dr. James P. Capes , director of the emergency department . "  It 's common , but not incredibly common , " he said . Typically , when stung by an insect , a person will have no reaction or a mild local reaction , such as redness , swelling or itching at the site of the sting . However , some people experience a more widespread reaction , such as a drop in blood pressure , lightheadedness or hives all over . iReport.com : Send us your allergy stories In the most serious cases , a person can go into anaphylaxis , a condition in which he or she may have difficulty breathing . Other symptoms include swelling of the mouth or throat , itchy skin , wheezing , cough and localized pain , said Dr. Clifford Bassett , medical director of Allergy and Asthma Care of New York . Capes advises people who experience a systemic reaction to call 911 and wait for an ambulance , because it will have medicine to treat the reaction immediately . An antihistamine such as Benadryl will be given and , in severe cases , a shot of epinephrine . Even if the reaction is not severe , Benadryl will help with normal symptoms of insect stings , Capes said . Those who have had allergic reactions to insects should always carry an antihistamine and an epinephrine auto-injector for emergencies , experts said . Insect allergies may be harder to control than some food allergies because it 's not always possible to predict when bees , wasps and other stinging bugs are around , Capes said . Severe reactions do n't usually happen the very first time a person gets stung , Capes said . "  The thing about allergic reactions that is interesting , or scary , is that we never know what the next allergic reaction is going to be , " he said . For those who have a history of anaphylactic reactions to insects , vaccines are available for yellow jackets , wasps , honey bees and fire ants , Bassett said . The immunization process takes three to five years , he said . There are also blood and skin tests that people can take to determine whether they are sensitive to these insects , he said . Besides anaphylaxis , people may experience other kinds of reactions , Bassett said . If a person is stung hundreds of times at once , he or she may need emergency care , as the venom may lead to seizures , shock and even death , he said . There is also a rare reaction called serum sickness that includes joint pain and flu-like illness that may result from insect stings , and has allergy-like symptoms , Bassett said . In rare cases , even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxis , Bassett said . There is no treatment for mosquito allergies , but there is a diagnostic test , he said . Bassett offers the following tips to reduce the danger of insects :  Stay away from stinging insect nests when possible .  Consider wearing closed-toed shoes in an area where there may be many stinging insects .  Remain calm and quiet around a stinging insect , and move slowly away from it .  Avoid brightly colored clothing , as well as perfumes and scented hair products and lotions .  Avoid loose-fitting clothing , which can accidentally trap the insect .  Use caution when eating outdoors , especially when sodas or other sweetened drinks are available . For more tips on managing insect allergies , visit the American Academy of Allergy , Asthma & Immunology Web site . The American College of Allergy , Asthma and Immunology can also help you find an allergist .	At least 40 people in the U.S. die each year as the result of insect stings Insect allergies may be harder to control than food allergies If you are allergic to insects , carry antihistamine and an epinephrine auto-injector In rare cases , even mosquito bites can lead to anaphylaxis
Braddock , Pennsylvania  CNN  -- In 2001 , I came to Braddock , the poorest town in Western Pennsylvania , to serve the community 's severely disenfranchised young people by starting an employment and GED program . Their lives were the embodiment of what happened to Braddock and this region : chaos through abandonment . However , tough times and severe hardship are nothing new . It 's been this way for decades . Once one of the most important steel manufacturing centers in the world , Braddock -- what 's left of it -- solemnly affirms one of the great economic maxims of our society : socialism for the rich , and capitalism for the poor . Since the massive banking bailout of 2008 , I have often wondered what Braddock would be today , if 35 years ago , the U.S. government also channeled hundreds of billions of dollars  and trillions in guarantees  to save the steel industry , the hundreds of thousands of manufacturing jobs it produced and the families it sustained . Instead , places like Braddock were allowed to descend into decades of disorder , poverty and desertion . Braddock went from a prosperous community of 20,000 residents , to a shattered town of fewer than 3,000 today . Braddock looks every bit the deserted battlefield it truly is : 90 percent of our town 's people , buildings , businesses , and homes are gone and what remains , bears witness to the torment . In 2005 , those same young people I was privileged to work for helped elect me mayor . Senseless homicides long lost their ability to shock , so I began to tattoo the dates of the killings on my arm as a living document of our collective loss . Upon taking office , we set out to help reinvent Braddock through diverse solutions ranging from effective policing and the arts , to urban agriculture and youth employment . Today , buildings have been saved and repurposed . We farm for organic produce from formerly overgrown land , and can offer full summer employment for our youth . Perhaps most importantly , no dates have been added to my forearm in over 20 months . However , at the start of my second term as mayor , we have decades of work ahead and we 'll never come close to replacing what 's been taken . As the saying goes , we 're not looking for a handout , but a hand up and the chance to ameliorate three decades of socioeconomic unraveling . Towards those ends , the stimulus , known as American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , has been a true fiscal balm , especially since our community 's hospital , and largest employer , University of Pittsburgh Medical Center announced it would be shutting Braddock Hospital later this month , taking jobs along with our residents ' access to health care . CNN iReport : Share your thoughts on the State of the Union Braddock received $ 250,000 in stimulus funding for the EPA compliance upgrade of our sewer system and $ 30,000 that enabled us to hire an additional 30 young people this past summer who would have otherwise been unemployed . Without question , these stimulus funds were a needed infusion of resources . However , I believe the greatest promise of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 remains untapped and now represents an unprecedented opportunity for growth and renewal . In Braddock and in the surrounding areas , we have an abundance of quality , shovel-ready projects that range in complexity and scope from small-scale urban farming , and retrofitting a now-vacant 300,000 square foot hospital , to a $ 300 million-dollar repurposing of a former steel mill site into a green enterprise zone of economic redevelopment . Investments like these will not only help reinvent communities like Braddock , but will also foster a boom in job creation and long-term growth . These and similar projects across the country represent but a tiny fraction of the resources spent to save feckless bankers and Wall Street from their own unchecked greed and hubris . Perhaps equally important , I believe this kind of investment will help restore a sense of social justice that is completely absent in today 's public debates . Consider the absurd juxtaposition of rescued banking executives defending multi-million-dollar bonuses , to our community at over 30 percent unemployment , widespread abandonment , and pervasive poverty while losing the area 's only hospital and access to medical care . The explanation of this circumstance is as simple as the contrast is stark : one got capitalism and the other , socialism . Basic fairness and equity demand that the color of your collar should not dictate if you receive a bail-out or get bailed on . For Americans living in places like Braddock , I believe the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act is perhaps the last , best chance to help overcome the injustice and harm that the decades steeped in a laissez-faire orthodoxy have wrought . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of John Fetterman .	For decades , Braddock , Pennsylvania , has been in decline as it lost jobs and people Mayor John Fetterman says the population shrank from 20,000 to fewer than 3,000 He says stimulus plan has helped reverse the tide in the old steel town Fetterman : Government bails out Wall Street while allowing Main Street to suffer
New Delhi , India  CNN  -- Two bomb blasts killed at least 15 people and wounded 119 others on Thursday in the southern Indian city of Hyderabad , the city 's police commissioner , Anurag Sharma , said a day after the attack . Sharma did n't rule out the possibility of terror involvement in the city blasts . But he refused to identity any group as a suspect . The two bombs were planted on bicycles parked in a crowded spot , Sharma said . They were improvised explosive devices , he said , and they could have been triggered by a timer . Prime Minister Manmohan Singh called the strike a "  dastardly attack " and said "  the guilty will not go unpunished . " He directed government agencies to extend all possible relief to authorities in Andhra Pradesh state . He also approved money for the next of kin of those killed and for others seriously injured .	Two bomb blasts killed at least 15 people and wounded 119 others in Hyderabad Hyderabad 's police did n't rule out the possibility of terror involvement PM Manmohan Singh said "  the guilty will not go unpunished "
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Actor Tom Cruise has settled a $ 50 million defamation suit he filed last year against a tabloid publisher after it ran stories accusing him of having "  abandoned " his daughter Suri during his divorce from her mother , actress Katie Holmes . The lawsuit against Bauer Publishing , In Touch and Life & Style magazines "  has been settled , " said Lindsay Ferraro , public relations director for both magazines , in an e-mail . "  The terms of the settlement were not disclosed and remain confidential . " Neither Bauer Publishing nor the magazines "  intended to communicate that Tom Cruise had cut off all ties and abandoned his daughter , Suri , and regret if anyone drew that inference from anything they published , " she added . A court document noted that the suit was dismissed Friday "  with prejudice , " meaning that it can not be refiled . The one-paragraph settlement says the dismissal was agreed to by Cruise and the tabloid publisher and that each side was responsible for their own legal fees . In a sworn affidavit filed last month in federal court , Cruise rejected as "  patently false " the assertion that he had abandoned his daughter , now 7 . "  I have in no way cut Suri out of my life -- whether physically , emotionally , financially or otherwise , " he said . The publisher said then in a statement that both magazines "  stand behind the reporting and articles at issue in Mr. Cruise 's action . " The July 18 , 2012 , Life & Style cover carried the headline "  SURI IN TEARS , ABANDONED BY HER DAD " along with a photo of the child . There was no accompanying text to explain the headline . The complaint also pointed to an InTouch cover story from September 2012 headlined "  44 DAYS WITHOUT TOM ... ABANDONED BY DADDY ... Suri is left heartbroken as Tom suddenly shuts her out and even misses her first day of school ... HAS HE CHOSEN SCIENTOLOGY OVER SURI FOR GOOD ? " Photos : Celeb custody battles Cruise said his daughter often accompanied him during his travels around the world to make movies , which "  allowed me to see my daughter while still fulfilling my obligations to my work , my colleagues , and the studios that hire me . " CNN 's Tom Watkins contributed to this report	Terms of the settlement of the $ 50 million lawsuit are not revealed The suit was dismissed Friday with prejudice , meaning it can not be refiled Last month , Cruise rejected as "  patently false " the assertion that he had abandoned his daughter , Siri He and actress Katie Holmes divorced last year
Jindo , South Korea  CNN  -- Angry relatives of missing South Korean ferry passengers cursed government and police officials Thursday for failing to do enough to save the lives of their loved ones as hopes dim of finding any survivors . The relatives berated Fisheries Minister Lee Ju-young and two coast guard officials , accusing them of misleading the public about the operation and of wasting time . "  How can you fool us into believing you were out there trying to save our children ? " one mother yelled at the officials . Also , officials at the South Korean headquarters for the task force coordinating the search told CNN that they believe the body of a boy who reportedly made the first emergency call from the ship after it began to list sharply has been recovered . DNA tests will help officially identify the remains , officials said early Friday . The ferry Sewol lurched on its side and capsized April 16 with 476 people aboard , including more than 300 high school students on a field trip to the resort island of Jeju . The number of confirmed dead rose to 181 on Thursday , with 121 still missing , according to the South Korean coast guard . Hopes of finding any survivors in the sunken ferry have all but evaporated following news that divers have found no air pockets on the third and fourth levels of the ship , where many passengers were thought to have been trapped . Authorities do not yet know what caused the sinking , but a widening criminal investigation has ensnared the ship 's captain and 14 other crew members and led prosecutors to search the offices of the company that owns the ship . Authorities also searched the offices of 20 affiliated companies and the home of Yoo Byung-un , the man whose family is believed to be behind the company , looking for any evidence of wrongdoing that could have led to the ship 's sinking . Among other things , investigators have said they will look into whether modifications to the ship in 2013 could have altered the ship 's balance and contributed to what happened . Kim Yong-rok , an opposition lawmaker who represents Jindo , an island near where the ship sank , told CNN that modifications to add 117 more passenger cabins to the ship raised the ferry 's center of gravity . Kim said the work on the ferry took place in 2013 after the Sewol was purchased from a Japanese company . The ferry 's passenger capacity was expanded from 804 passengers to 921 passengers , he said . South Korean prosecutors were unable to confirm those details for CNN . But they are investigating the private organization responsible for inspecting and certifying ships for the South Korean government , which signed off on the work . Authorities said they do n't yet know precisely what caused the ship to list before it eventually capsized and sank into the ocean on a routine journey from Incheon to the island of Jeju . Young crew member hailed as heroine In recent disasters , captains did n't hang around They say it did n't appear that the ferry was overloaded , according to figures provided by the company and the South Korean coast guard . But coast guard officials said investigators wo n't know for sure how much cargo the ship was carrying until it is raised from the waters of the Yellow Sea . A solemn return to school On Thursday , the return to classes at Danwon High School was steeped in grief . About two-thirds of the passengers on the Sewol were students at the school in Ansan near Seoul . Many of them , from the school 's second grade , are dead or missing . Several teachers were also lost in the disaster . On Thursday morning , a series of black hearses drove through the school gates . In each one , a person in the passenger seat held a portrait of a dead student . A bus with tinted windows followed behind carrying relatives and friends . They were making one last symbolic trip to the school . After the visit , the somber convoys drove on to the students ' funerals . ' I want to see you ' At the school 's entrance stood a makeshift shrine of flowers and food treats . Hundreds of notes held messages to the dead and missing students . "  Big brother , you have to live , you have to come back . " implored one . "  I want to see you , " another said . "  I love you and pray for you . " Many of the messages from other students expressed regret at not being able to help their classmates in their hour of need . Thousands of yellow ribbons were tied to the school gates , as well as nearby trees and posts . The ribbons have become symbols of hope that survivors might still be found in the submerged vessel , picking up a practice used in the United States for soldiers and hostages overseas . The third-grade students , who are in the final year of high school in South Korea , are n't going back to regular classes . The local health service has provided therapists to speak with the teenagers about grief and loss . First-grade students are expected to return next week . It 's unclear when the handful of students in the second grade who did n't go on the ill-fated field trip , and those who survived the sinking , will resume classes . The students who arrived at the school Thursday had to pass a throng of journalists . Many of them had hoods or caps covering their faces . Students remember vice principal who took own life Murky waters cloud the horror facing rescue divers CNN 's Nic Roberston reported from Jindo , South Korea , and CNN 's Michael Pearson reported and wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Will Ripley , K.J. Kwon , Andrew Stevens , Steven Jiang , Kyung Lah , Tim Schwarz , Stella Kim and Judy Kwon also contributed to this report .	Officials think they found the body of a boy who called in the emergency Death toll rises to 181 in South Korean ferry disaster Criminal investigation widens to include ferry owner , reclusive millionaire School resumes for some at high school where many students attended
CNN  -- Toy manufacturer LEGO , famous for its small plastic stackable bricks , is not allowed to register one of them as its trademark , the European Court of Justice has ruled . The Danish company was granted a trademark for a three-dimensional image of a red eight-stud brick in 1999 , for use throughout the European Union . Canadian toy manufacturer Mega Brands , which makes similar plastic bricks , argued that LEGO violated trademark legislation , and the European Court of Justice in Luxembourg ruled in favor of Mega Brands on Tuesday . "  This was the court of final instance , and we have no option but to note the court 's ruling , " said Peter Kjaer , the head of LEGO 's Intellectual Property Section . The ruling can not be appealed . The issue was whether the famous LEGO brick served a technical function . European law says companies can trademark graphic images like words , designs , the shape of their goods and packaging -- but trademarking a product 's shape , if that shape is "  necessary to obtain a technical result , " is not allowed , the court said . LEGO argued that did not apply to its brick , because "  bricks with virtually the same function can have other appearances , " Kjaer said . In making its decision , the court referred to an earlier case involving the electronics makers Philips and Remington over the shape of an electric razor . "  Patents can protect technical solutions , such as the means to interconnect toy bricks , but patent protection is limited in time and LEGO 's patents for the basic brick have long expired , " Mega Brands said in a statement after the ruling . "  Put simply , a trademark registration can not be used to confer a potentially everlasting monopoly on a useful product configuration . " Kjaer said the decision will confuse LEGO customers . "  It is naturally a matter of concern to us that use of the brick by others can dilute the trademark , " he said . "  But the worst aspect is that consumers will be misled . Analyses show that 40-60 percent of shoppers believe they are buying a LEGO product when in fact they are purchasing a different product . Shoppers can see there is a different name on the box , but they believe it is a product line or company owned by us . "	LEGO may not trademark its iconic plastic brick Canadian toy maker Mega Brands said it violated trademark laws
New Jersey Governor Chris Christie sharply criticized President Obama 's decision to normalize relations with Cuba , saying he did not get enough out of the deal . In a one-two punch , Christie also charged the President with not being assertive in the wake of the Sony Pictures hacking incident . Following up on a letter that he sent to the White House over the weekend , Christie said it was incomprehensible that Obama went ahead with the change in diplomatic relations with Cuba given that leaders within that country have granted asylum to Joanne Chesimard , who escaped from prison after she was convicted of slaying a New Jersey state trooper in the 1970s . Related : Historic thaw in U.S. , Cuba standoff Related : Christie wants Obama to tell Cuba to hand over cop killer "  These thugs in Cuba have given her political asylum for 30 years , " Christie said . "  It 's unacceptable to have a reopening of diplomatic relations with Cuba , and unacceptable to even consider taking them off the terrorist watch list if they are harboring a convicted cop killer , " he told an interviewer Monday night . "  She murdered , in cold blood , a New Jersey state trooper on the side of the road who was just doing his job . " Chesimard , a member of the Black Liberation Army who is now known as Assata Shakur , remains one of the top ten on the FBI 's most-wanted list . "  Yet there 's been no conversation that anyone is aware of regarding sending her back to complete her sentence , " the governor said . Calling Obama 's Cuba announcement an "  awful deal , " Christie faulted the President both for failing to work out an extradition agreement on Chesimard and for not insisting on greater political reforms in exchange for the change in status . "  What did the United States get ? And more importantly what did those people who are persecuted and whose human rights are violated in Cuba get in return for America now opening up its economic and travel doors , and  granting  full diplomatic relations with the power and majesty that that has to have an American embassy in your country , " Christie said during the hour-long interview Monday night with New Jersey anchor Steve Adubato on the PBS television station NJTV . The New Jersey governor declined , however , to weigh in on the handling by New York City leaders of this weekend 's shooting of two New York City police officers . When pressed , he said that while many were trying to score "  political points " on the issue , he believed it was a time to allow the families of the officers to grieve . Before analyzing the culture surrounding the shootings , he urged all Americans "  to take a deep breath and to think about the loss that 's been suffered by these two families , " and to pray for them . "  There 's plenty of time for us to discuss it , but I 'm not going to be someone who is going to participate in this at the moment , " he said . Related : De Blasio facing tensions further strained by killing of NYPD officers Turning to the alleged hacking of Sony by North Korea , Christie said that he agreed with President Obama 's assertion that Sony made a mistake by pulling the movie "  The Interview " after a cyberattack . But Christie took issue with Obama 's comment during a year-end press conference that he wished Sony had called him before making the decision to pull the movie because theaters were canceling showings . "  He certainly was briefed about the attack , " Christie said of the president . "  It seems to me that it 's the obligation of the President of the United States to call them . " "  Sony made a mistake by backing off , and I think , quite frankly the President made a mistake by not being assertive , and getting everybody into the White House -- from Sony , and the movie theater companies that Sony was complaining about , and the intelligence community -- and say ` O.K. , what 's the nature of the threat and what can we do to stop it . Is there a safe way to show this movie ? ' " "  That 's what a leader does , " Christie said . Related : Poll shows Americans think Sony overreacted Related : Christie says Jeb Bush 's 2016 ambitions not a factor for him	Christie says Obama should have been more assertive with Cuba and Sony NJ Governor says others trying to score political points on NY police shootings Christie calls for prayer for family of slain NYPD officers
O'Fallon , Missouri  CNN  -- Nathan Halbach is 22 , with a diagnosis of terminal brain cancer . He knows that "  horrible stuff " lies ahead . His mother , Pat Bond , has been taking care of him full time . But when she needed help , she reached out to the Roman Catholic Church . After all , his father is a priest . Nathan was born in 1986 , during a five-year affair between his mother and Father Henry Willenborg , the Franciscan priest who celebrated Nathan 's baptism . In a story first reported in the New York Times , it was revealed that The Franciscan Order drew up an agreement acknowledging the boy 's paternity and agreeing to pay child support in exchange for a pledge of confidentiality . Now her son -- the youngest of four children -- may have just weeks to live . And when the Franciscans balked at paying for his care , she decided she was no longer bound by her pledge of confidentiality . "  I never asked for extraordinary amounts . I asked for the basic needs and care of my son , " Bond told CNN 's "  AC 360 . " But she said the church told her , "  No , we are not Nathan 's biological father , we have no legal obligation to your son . " Willenborg , whose priestly vows require celibacy , has been suspended from his most recent assignment , in northern Wisconsin , as Catholic leaders investigate allegations that he was involved with another woman -- then in high school -- around the same time he was seeing Bond . Willenborg has acknowledged his relationship with Bond , but denies any inappropriate relationship with the other woman while she was a minor , according to his current bishop . And his order acknowledges its agreement to support his son , telling CNN they have paid about $ 233,000 to support Nathan over his lifetime . Since the affair has become public , the Franciscan Order has agreed to pick up Nathan 's medical bills and the costs for the funeral that now appears likely . Willenborg refused to speak to CNN . But a statement to his parishioners in Ashland , Wisconsin , in September , said , "  My failure to be faithful to my vows has caused me and many others pain and disappointment . I have regretted this for a long time . " And in October , he told The New York Times , "  We 've been very caring , very supportive , very generous over these 20-something years . It 's very tragic what 's going on with Nathan . " Bond , then Patricia Halbach , said she and Willenborg began their affair in 1983 . At the time , Willenborg was a priest in her hometown of Quincy , Illinois , about 130 miles north of St. Louis , Missouri . Bond , then a 27-year-old , married mother of three , went to a retreat for women with troubled relationships . Willenborg was the retreat 's spiritual director , and she said he was a "  terrific " priest -- "  incredibly charismatic , very sought-after . " He began to counsel her on a regular basis . After about three months , at the end of one of their sessions , she said he kissed her . Bond said she went home and immediately asked her husband for a separation , and she said she began a romantic relationship with Willenborg . Bond said she knew he was forbidden to have sex with her . But she said when in love , "  You do n't think clearly . " "  I make stupid decisions in my life , " she said . "  I am not perfect , far from sainthood , and I loved him . " During their relationship , Bond was a lay leader in the church , and "  We were a very good team , a very dynamic team , " she said . But in 1985 , she learned she was pregnant . The pregnancy ended with a miscarriage that October . She said in its aftermath , she ended her sexual relationship with Willenborg , only to resume it the following spring . It was during that period that Nathan was conceived , she said . Nathan was born in December 1986 . Willenborg had to disclose the affair and Bond 's pregnancy to his superiors . A deal was negotiated by Father Robert Karris , who told CNN the Franciscans insisted on confidentiality "  to protect Nathan , his mother , and the priest . " But Karris , now on the research faculty of the Franciscan Institute at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , New York , also acknowledged the goal in part was to protect the church . The agreement was reached about a year after Nathan 's birth . Afterward , Willenborg was removed from his job , and it was 17 years before he would lead a congregation again . He told his superiors that his relationship with Bond was over , but she said it continued . "  That was the statement , and they bought it , " Bond said . "  But the truth of the matter is during those eight month of negotiations , we were living together physically , sexually and every form of relationship there was under their nose . " The relationship went on until Nathan was nearly 2 years old , Bond said . She and Willenborg went on family outings , including a trip to Florida , with Nathan and her children from her previous marriage . Back in Quincy , where she grew up , Bond said she had a simple answer to questions about Nathan 's parentage : "  He 's my baby . " But things ended in 1988 , after Bond learned that Willenborg was seeing another woman . She eventually moved from Quincy to a St. Louis suburb . "  You had to go away , you had to take your story , you had to take your children , you had to get out of this town . We 're a small community , everybody knew everybody , " she said . Nathan grew up as a popular , athletic boy , a big fan of the St. Louis Cardinals baseball club and the Blues hockey team . He has autographs of the entire hockey team and a Cardinals uniform signed by All-Star first baseman Albert Pujols . For years , he said , he wanted a relationship with his father . "  He 's popped in and out of my life , but I 've never gotten the full respect and love out of him that I would always want , " he said . But several years ago , after Willenborg took him out to dinner on their first night out in years , he said his father did n't seem to want to have anything to do with him . "  When it comes to this person who 's my dad , who should be helping me out more than a person on the street , he has n't done so throughout my 20-plus years of life , " Nathan said . Nathan was diagnosed with cancer in 2006 . Over the summer , he and his mother went to New York 's Sloan-Kettering cancer center in a last-ditch effort to halt the disease . It was unsuccessful , and doctors give him a prognosis of weeks . "  If I just live my life as happy as I can , I can have a lot of fun until this horrible stuff happens , " he said . The church had paid for some medical expenses and gave her $ 1,000 toward travel expenses for the trip , but not room and board or treatment costs , Bond said . And in the past week , she said , the church was questioning the cost of a looming funeral . "  They were concerned with getting us out of their lives , and I guarantee you , the day my son goes , the church will rejoice , " she said . Since she went public , the Franciscans wrote a letter to Bond telling her they will cover 100 percent of her son 's funeral costs -- and added , "  Please advise if there is any additional assistance that the Franciscans can provide to Nathan at this time in connection with his day-to-day expenses and comfort . " The order also has since said it will not take Bond to court for breaching the confidentiality of the agreement . For four years before September , Willenborg was a priest at Our Lady of the Lake church in Ashland , Wisconsin . Bishop Peter Christensen , whose diocese includes the church , said Willenborg was a good priest -- but added , "  Because of his behavior 23 years ago , the community is now suffering . " Nathan will not be going back to the hospital and will die at home , Bond said . She ca n't afford a part-time nurse to help take care of him in his last days , but said she hopes the church lives up to its word .	Nathan Halbach 's father is the priest who baptized him , Henry Willenborg Nathan 's mother made a confidential agreement with the church to keep Willenborg 's identity secret His mother went public about the secret agreement after he contracted cancer
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- The Los Angeles County coroner 's office has subpoenaed medical records from 20 doctors in its investigation into actor Corey Haim 's death , a coroner investigator said . Haim , who died earlier this month , obtained drugs using prescriptions written under the names of these doctors in the past year , Los Angeles County Deputy Coroner Ed Winter told CNN on Friday . California drug investigators found evidence that Haim , who fought a decades-long battle with drug abuse , used at least one fake prescription to obtain a narcotic in the months before he died , California Attorney General Jerry Brown said last week . The coroner is waiting for toxicology results before deciding if drugs were involved in the death of the 1980s teen movie actor , Winter said . Those test results are several weeks away , he said . An autopsy revealed that Haim , 38 , suffered from pneumonia , an enlarged heart and water in his lungs when he collapsed at his Los Angeles home on March 10 , Winter said . "  We get medical records all the time , " Winter said . "  What 's kind of unusual in this is how many doctors are involved . " Pharmacy records show the actor got thousands of potentially dangerous pills from multiple doctors in the past year , according to Brown . State investigators know that Haim obtained "  massive amounts " of legal drugs "  in what looks to me like a questionable manner because of so many doctors , " Brown said . "  How many people go to 10 or 15 or 20 doctors and then run around to 10 , 12 and more pharmacies to go fulfill them and sometimes two different doctors in the same day ? " Brown asked . Haim did not necessarily visit all of the doctors , but the prescriptions carried their names , he said . An arrest was made last week in connection with an "  illegal and massive prescription drug ring " connected to at least one of Haim 's prescriptions , Brown said . The ring involved the use of stolen identities from doctors to order official prescription pads , he said . "  Once they get that prescription pad in the doctor 's name , then they can write a prescription , or they can sell it to someone to write a prescription like Corey Haim , " Brown said . "  Then he can go into the pharmacy and get his legal drugs illegally . " Although the actor 's family said Haim had reduced his drug use to near zero , Brown said that he did n't see "  any ` zero ' pill consumption . " "  If he took all the pills that our records show he was prescribed over the last year and three months , he took very damaging assaults on his body , " Brown said . Haim 's most recent prescription was filled March 5 for Vicodin , he said . "  In the weeks before that , more Vicodin , more Valium and other things , " Brown said . "  If you go back to 2009 , you 're talking thousands of pills , " he said . "  You 're talking many , many doctors . I doubt if they know about each other . You 're talking about many , many pharmacies . " In recent years , the actor was reunited with longtime friend and frequent co-star Corey Feldman in a reality show . "  The Two Coreys " ran for two seasons on the A&E Network before it was canceled . Haim 's most famous role was in the 1987 movie "  The Lost Boys , " in which he also appeared with Feldman . Haim played a fresh-faced teenager whose brother becomes a vampire .	Coroner issues subpoenas for records of 20 doctors in Haim death inquiry Attorney general says at least one of Haim 's prescriptions linked to prescription drug ring Haim , 38 , had pneumonia , enlarged heart , water in lungs when he died March 10 Toxicology results , which are weeks away , to help determine if drugs were involved in death
CNN  -- Africa is poor , corrupt and rural . Right ? Think again . A team of young documentary makers is hoping to burst the myth of Africa as a dangerous backwater by shining a light on some inspiring projects taking place on the continent . When filmmaker Nosarieme Garrick hit the streets of New York to ask passersby : "  What do you know about Africa ? " the overwhelming response was "  not a lot . " "  It 's very big , very hot . Most of Africa 's impoverished . I 'm pretty ignorant to Africa , " admitted one man . "  I know about some human rights violations , some wars and genocides , " was the bleak answer from another woman . It was a dismal reflection of many Western stereotypes surrounding Africa -- one that Nosarieme is determined to change . Watch : Fighting Hollywood stereotypes My Africa is : hopeful The 27-year-old hopes to launch an eight-part documentary series ` My Africa Is ' -- showcasing the continent through the eyes of its insiders . "  The four things that come to mind when people think of Africa are population , problems , poverty , and promise unfulfilled -- headline media reports on the continent . But that 's not the whole story , " Nosarieme , originally from Nigeria and now living in Washington , said . The ambitious project would cover 13 cities across sub-Saharan Africa . Organizers are trying to crowdsource funds through the Kickstarter website and hope to start filming in October if they reach their target . "  Between the 1980s and now the image of famine and wars has been ingrained in people 's minds . That 's a narrative that 's going to be hard to shift , " Nosarieme said . "  That 's not to discount the fact that this stuff does happen . But what I was n't seeing was the solutions . " See also : South African ballet dancer confounds stereotypes Nigeria the troubled oil giant First up in the documentary series is Abuja in Nigeria -- a country that until the election of President Goodluck Jonathan last year had largely lurched from one military coup to the next . This is Africa 's most populous country and its leading oil producer . Yet few in the country have benefited from the oil boom with more than half the population still living in poverty . See also : Congo 's designer dandies The President was recently forced to sack bosses from state-owned oil company NNPC amid corruption allegations Then there 's the ongoing violence between Muslim and Christian groups in the north , with even Pope Benedict XVI weighing in to call for an end to the brutality . Put simply , when it comes to Nigeria , the headlines are n't great . Getting on the Photowagon But according to Nosereime , that 's only half the story . "  Nigeria is going through a turbulent time , " she admitted . "  But there 's a rising youth who are trying to educate each other . " Indeed the trailer for the first My Africa Is show , the focus is on Photowagon -- a Nigerian photography collective "  on a mission to show the giant of Africa through the lens . " Launched in 2009 , their powerful images paint a very different image of Africa . It 's a well-rounded collection that captures the frivolity of everyday life , such as market scenes and football matches . But does n't shy away from some of the more familiar and gruesome notions of Nigeria such as terrorist attacks and military clampdowns . The ` other ' Nigeria Photowagon co-founder Aisha Augie-Kuta says her mission is to "  conquer sports photography as a northern Nigerian female " -- a bold statement for a "  very conservative " country . But the gung-ho 33-year-old appears undeterred as she takes ` My Africa Is ' to a Nigeria vs Argentina football match in the capital Abuja . Traditional dancers and hip-hop singers entertain the crowds during half-time , while ecstatic fans hug each other with each goal . It 's an image of Nigeria that could n't be further from the grim headlines . Aisha admitted that if you believed the Western media , you would n't step foot inside Africa . "  They see us as a continent without hope , " the mother-of-three said . "  For Africans , we see hope on the street everyday . But on the news you do n't see that . It 's always about the negative stuff . "  Instead , what we see is a lot of poor children dying from malaria or polio . If you listened to the news everyday you 'd have no hope from the bombings or corruption . Do n't get me wrong , it is happening . But it 's not a constant . It 's not the Nigeria we in Lagos or Abuja are living in . " See also : South Africa 's underground youth culture The 33-year-old said the country had come a long way since she was growing up under a military regime in the northern state of Kebbi . Aisha remained optimistic about democratic change in the west African country , particularly for women , but was also realistic about its pace . "  There 's a lot of opportunity and hope as to where we can be , " she said . "  But at the same time there 's a lot of uncertainty about how much change the government can bring in . "	Ambitious documentary hopes to dispel bleak stereotypes of Africa Filmmaker Nosarieme Garrick was shocked to find most people ` ignorant ' about Africa ` My Africa Is ' project needs  # 71,500 funding , with  # 3,500 already raised First episode looks at Nigeria 's inspiring Photowagon collective
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Each year , any country in the non-English speaking world that wants to be in with a chance of winning must choose just one film to represent the entire output of their country 's filmmaking industry . Then , over two months , a 30-strong panel whittles the entries -- there were 63 this year -- down to to a shortlist of just five . Here is a roundup of films that were in the running this year ... . Mongol Country : Kazakhstan Director : Sergei Bodrov Synopsis : In twelfth-century Mongolia , nine-year-old Temudgin , is a slave . He will grow up to become the warrior known as Genghis Khan . But not before he has to flee his home shortly when his father is murdered and a rival seizes power . With the help of his blood brother , tribal prince Jamukha , the adult Temudgin battles his rivals and works to unite the region 's warring clans under his authority . Background : This was the first Academy Award nomination for Kazakhstan . Despite the Kazakh nationality , the film has a cosmopolitan cast and crew . Bodrov , the director is Russian , the star is Japanese and the film features Chinese and Mongolian supporting actors . ... . Beaufort Country : Israel Director : Joseph Cedar Synopsis : Set in Lebanon in 2000 , in the days leading up to Israel 's withdrawal , the soldiers stationed at the mountaintop outpost of Beaufort live under a barrage of constant attacks . The film tells the story of Liraz Liberti , the 22-year-old commander of Beaufort , and his troops . Frustrated by the knowledge that they are risking -- and often losing -- their lives in defense of a fortress that will soon be abandoned , the men struggle to do their duty while grieving for their dead comrades and preparing for the evacuation . Background : Beaufort was nominated for a Golden Bear at Berlin , and won Silver Bear . This was Israel 's 6th Oscar nomination , although it was the first one for 24 years . Israel has not yet won the award . ... . Katyn Country : Poland Director : Andrzej Wajda Synopsis : The film is an account of captured Polish officers massacred by Soviet secret police in the Katyn Forest during WWII . The story focuses on Anna , the wife of a murdered captain , who refuses to believe he is dead . Background : Andrzej Wajda was awarded an Oscar in 2000 for "  five decades of extraordinary film direction . " As well as being a very personal film for Wajda who 's father was killed at Katyn , the film has had huge political impact in Poland . Angela Merkel and members of the German cabinet attended the premiere of the film at this year 's Berlin Film Festival . This was the eighth nomination for Poland . ... . The Counterfeiters Country : Austria Director : Stefan Ruzowitzky Synopsis : The story of the largest counterfeiting operation in history . The Nazis are plotting to cause the collapse of the US and British economies by flooding their markets with false bills . A group of prisoners in the Sachsenhausen concentration camp are put to work under the direction of a master counterfeiter making replicas of foreign bank notes . Some of the prisoners use delaying tactics to hinder the plan . Background : The eventual winner of the Oscar in what was the second nomination for Austria . ... 12 Country : Russia Director : Nikita Mikhalkov Synopsis : Twelve Russian jurors deciding the fate of a young Chechen accused of murdering his adoptive Russian father go over the details of the case in the school gymnasium that is serving as their jury room . As they argue , a young juror manages to convince them that maybe the case is n't as clear cut as it first seemed . The case itself becomes a metaphor for the problems plaguing modern Russian society . Background : Mikhalkov stars in , directs and produces the film . This was the fifth nomination for Russia . Before 1992 the USSR received a total of nine nominations including three wins for Moscow Does Not Believe in Tears  1980  , Dersu Uzala  1975  , War and Peace  1968  E-mail to a friend	A roundup of 2008 Oscars Best Foreign Film nominations Nominated countries were : Poland , Russia , Kazakhstan , Israel and Austria There was a strong political vein running through the nominated films this year Veteran Polish filmmaker Andrzej Wajda was previously awarded an Oscar in 2000
CNN  -- Police shot and wounded an armed man at a Milwaukee-area children 's hospital 's neonatal intensive care floor late Thursday morning , authorities said . Milwaukee police had gone to the Children 's Hospital of Wisconsin to arrest the man on a felony warrant and found him holding a child in the intensive care unit , Milwaukee County Sheriff David Clarke told reporters . Instead of surrendering , the man took out a handgun and fled down a hallway , prompting police to shoot him . "  When he was first approached , he put the baby down and he acted as if he was going to go along peacefully , " Clarke said . "  And it was n't until a couple of seconds later that he bolted . " Milwaukee Police Chief Edward Flynn said the man continued to struggle with officers even after being shot in the arm . No one else was injured , he said . Clarke said the officers did n't know the suspect 's relationship to the child or whether the man -- who was wanted on a weapons charge -- was armed when they first encountered him . He said the Milwaukee Police Department would investigate its officers ' use of force , but told reporters it was too early to be "  second-guessing " them for opening fire inside the hospital . "  These things rapidly evolve and you 're going to do in your best judgment what you think is necessary to get these violent indivduals in custody , and it does n't always go according to Hoyle , " he said , referring to a strict rulebook for games . He added , "  I 'll tell you a better question , though : What 's this idiot doing in a neo-natal care unit with a handgun ? " The hospital is located in Wauwatosa , a few miles west of Milwaukee . It was locked down because of the incident , but an all-clear was posted by mid-afternoon , the facility posted on Twitter . CNN was first alerted to the incident by Twitter posts from CNN affiliates .	Police wound wanted man in Milwaukee hospital The man had tried to escape police who tried to arrest him in the neo-natal ICU "  What 's this idiot doing in a neonatal care unit with a handgun ? " sheriff asks
CNN  -- The tale of Brenda Heist , the Pennsylvania mother who abandoned her two children only to turn up in Florida 11 years later , has taken another unlikely turn . On Saturday , she remained jailed on a Santa Rosa County warrant for alleged violation of probation , forgery and giving a false name to law enforcement , said Art Forgey , a spokesman for the Alachua County Sheriff 's Office . Heist , who used the assumed name Kelsie Lyanne Smith , is awaiting extradition , Forgey told CNN affiliate WJXT . She turned herself in Friday . Heist , meanwhile , may not have spent most of those 11 years homeless , as she told police last week when she turned herself in , saying she 'd abandoned her family because of stress . Sondra Forrester says she knew Heist in 2010 . At that time , Heist cleaned her Florida home and went by the name Lovey Smith . "  She actually moved in with me , moved in with me about six months after she started cleaning the house , " Forrester told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Friday . Heist first came into her life through a neighbor , who recommended her when Forrester was looking for a housekeeper . The neighbor had used her as a babysitter and spoke highly of her , she said . At first , the two women shared small talk , but little more on Heist 's weekly visit to clean . But over time their conversations took on a different , more personal tone . "  She told me that she had a bad relationship with her boyfriend and I started to kind of feel bad for her , " Forrester said . "  She described it as sort of an abusive situation , saying that he was maybe an alcoholic and I just let her know that my door was always open for her . I felt bad for her . " Forrester asked more questions about Heist 's past when she moved into the house , "  but not a whole lot . But when I did ask , she made it clear that she never had kids and she did n't want any . " Heist also claimed to be a widow . "  She said she had been married for , like , 20 years to a man named Lee and he had worked for the Marriott and they had traveled around and visited amazing places and he had died , " Forrester said . ` Absolutely shocked ' After she moved in , bringing some belongings with her , Heist lived with her for 10 or 11 months . She used the computer and cell phone , had a Facebook page and was on an internet dating site , Forrester said . "  She had friends outside of me . " Heist 's appearance then was nothing like the worn-down face shown in pictures taken after she turned herself in last week to authorities in Key Largo , Florida . "  I was absolutely shocked when I saw that photo , " Forrester said . "  She has deteriorated significantly since the last time she was seen around here , which was , you know , the middle of 2012 , the end of 2012 . That 's not been very long , you know , seven months or so . " Another twist in the tale is that Heist had revealed her true last name to Forrester 's son , with whom she became close while living in the family home . He was around the same age as Heist 's own son was when she abandoned her Pennsylvania family nearly a decade earlier . Forrester had taken her son aside to tell him the truth about the woman he knew as "  Miss Lovey , " so that he would n't learn about it on the news . But he told her he already knew her last name was Heist . "  I was stunned that he knew that . But for a little boy , that 's kind of a cool last name . I said , honey , how did you know that ? ` Miss Lovey told me . ' " No family reunion But while Heist was making friends and living an apparently normal life in Florida , the husband , son and daughter she 'd left behind in 2002 continued to wonder whether something terrible had happened to her . Police searched for her for years , at one point creating a cold case task force . Her family remain angry over the pain her disappearance caused . "  I do n't think she deserves to see me , " her 20-year-old daughter Morgan Heist told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " on Thursday night . "  I do n't really have any plans on going to see her . " The fact that her mother -- who she last saw when she was 8 -- never even called has left her seething , Morgan Heist said . The anger is captured in a post on the daughter 's Twitter page that reads she hopes her mother "  rots in hell . " "  That makes me really mad , " Morgan Heist said . "  I ca n't believe she would do that because she was a good mom . She was great . But , I mean , I guess something happened . Something snapped in her . " Her father , Lee Heist , said he is not planning on visiting his ex-wife anytime soon . They were going through a divorce at the time she disappeared , and he was treated for a time as a suspect in her disappearance , though he was eventually cleared . In 2010 , he filed a petition with the county court to have Brenda declared legally deceased , according to a Lititz police news release . He was seeking closure , he said . "  I do n't see where it would do any good for either of us to see her again , " Lee Heist said . He later remarried and said he will learn to forgive his former wife . But for Morgan Heist , forgiving her mom may not be easy . "  I hope to eventually forgive her one day for myself , not for her , " she said . Left on a whim Brenda Heist vanished in February 2002 after last being seen dropping off her children at school . She was applying for housing assistance so that she could get an apartment after the breakdown of her marriage . She worked as a bookkeeper for a car dealer and hoped to receive some financial aid . However , her request was denied , police said . "  She was very upset , she was sitting in a park crying , thinking about how she would raise her children , feeling sorry for herself , " said Sgt. John Schofield , a Lititz Borough , Pennsylvania , police detective . He was one of the many officers who searched for Heist . By her account , it was n't long before she was approached by two men and a woman who asked her what was wrong . After she told them what had happened , they invited her to hitchhike with them down to Florida . "  At a whim , she decided at that very moment , she would go along with them , " Schofield said . Schofield spoke to Heist at length after she turned herself in . "  She was very emotional ; she hung her head ; she 's ashamed . She was crying when I met with her . She knows what she did was completely wrong , but all that while , she 'd never made one effort to call or contact her family at all , " Schofield said . Heist told police she spent the first two years homeless , living under bridges , eating food thrown out by restaurants after they closed . For the next seven years , she lived in a camper with a man she had met . They made money as day laborers , cleaning boats and doing other odd jobs for which they did n't have to show ID and were paid in cash . After that relationship soured , Schofield said , she said she lived on the street again for another two years . But the revelations made by Forrester raise new questions over the truth of Heist 's account . "  I do n't think we know the full story yet , " Schofield told CNN 's "  Anderson Cooper 360 " on Friday . "  The facts are she left , she turned her back on her family . She started a new life down in Florida ... Whether she lived homeless or whether she lived a wonderful life as a live-in housekeeper , I do n't think that was for the 11 years , that was just for the last few years here . " Schofield said Heist is still looking at charges for false IDs , thefts and possession of drugs and drugs paraphernalia in Florida . There also may be false ID and theft charges to face in Pennsylvania , he said . She never suspected Heist of using drugs , Forrester said -- or she would not have allowed her near her family . CNN 's Laura Ly contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : Heist has been jailed on a Santa Rosa County warrant Brenda Heist disappeared from her Pennsylvania home in 2002 Heist turned herself in to police in Florida as a missing person She was distraught over an impending divorce and finances , a detective says
New York  CNN  -- A woman who died in a helicopter crash in New York 's East River was identified by authorities as Sonia Marra of Sydney , Australia and died on her 40 birtthday , authorities said Wednesday . Marra was the only passenger who died after Tuesday 's crash in the river near midtown Manhattan , New York police said . Marra , who is also a British citizen , was traveling with a friend her mother , stepfather when the chopper went down , CNN affiliate WABC reported . The other were injured but Marra got trapped in the backseat of the Bell 206 chopper and was the sole passenger unable to escape the craft as it inverted and sank , New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg . As the chopper approached for a helipad landing , the pilot radioed that he was having problems , just moments before the craft crashed into the river , the mayor said . Images broadcast on CNN affiliate WCBS soon after the crash showed at least three people being towed to shore in a rescue effort . U.S. Rep. Carolyn Maloney , a Democrat who represents Manhattan 's East Side in Congress , said in a statement she was "  saddened and deeply concerned " about the crash . "  There have been at least 28 helicopter crashes in our city over the last three decades , " Maloney said . "  Federal transportation officials should investigate not only the causes of this crash , but also whether it is safe to have such a high volume of helicopter traffic over our densely populated city . " Had the crash occurred over land , the death toll could have been much higher , she said . CNN 's Jason Kessler , Eden Pontz and Rob Frehse contributed to this report .	The victim was traveling with family members The pilot radioed ahead about problems with the aircraft Sonia Marra got trapped in the helicopter , mayor says
CNN  Fifty years ago , on March 2 , 1965 , a movie based on a successful Rogers and Hammerstein Broadway musical premiered in New York . Julie Andrews starred as Maria von Trapp , a real-life ex-nun who married an Austrian naval officer after she became governess to his children . The film was , of course , "  The Sound of Music , " the biggest grossing musical of all time , if receipts are adjusted for inflation . Its core family values , hummable tunes and stunning scenery turned it into a worldwide success . It also ensured that Salzburg , with two dozen locations featured in the film , would never be the same again . The first tourists asking about the film settings started arriving in 1966 and were faced by bemused locals . Most Austrians still have n't seen "  The Sound of Music " and do n't understand what the fuss is about . The film ran only for a very short period in the country and was subsequently dropped . Although many reasons are put forward for its disappearance , the instances of Nazi complicity depicted in the film were certainly too much to bear for the Austria of the 1960s , which was forging a new , democratic future for itself . One company , however , knew all about the locations and was happy to oblige . Kleinbusse am Mirabellplatz had provided six Volkswagen vans for director Bob Wise to transport his 250 stars and staff around for three months during the shooting . The company morphed into today 's Panorama Tours , doing two four-hour "  Sound of Music " tours a day , every day , all year . Even on a cold January morning , when I join , there are still 53 people in the tour . Most are under 35 , about half are American , but the rest come from all over the world : Cyprus , Italy , India , Japan . The tour picks us up from Mirabell Gardens where most of the "  Do-Re-Mi " song was filmed , and proceeds to Leopoldskron Palace where the lake scenes were shot . The palace 's Grand Ballroom was too narrow to film in , so it was meticulously copied and recreated in the 20th Century Fox studios in Los Angeles for the waltz scenes . Then we 're off to the gazebo , used for "  Sixteen Going on Seventeen . " It was originally sited outside Leopoldskron Palace but it attracted too many tourists for the business convention center housed there , so in 1989 it was moved to Hellbrunn Palace Gardens . There are photo ops at the bottom of Nonnberg Abbey where Maria von Trapp was a novice nun , and outside Frohnburg Castle , which served as the exterior of the von Trapp villa . The tree-lined avenue leading to the castle is where the von Trapp children dangled from branches , to the horror of their father . The final part of the tour takes in the lakes of Salzkammergut that feature in aerial shots : Lake Fuschl , Lake Wolfgang and Mondsee , in whose village church Maria 's marriage ceremony was filmed . Apart from the Mirabelle Gardens , which are in the new town across the Salzach river , the pedestrianized Old Town provides the backdrop for all other scenes . Amazingly , the fruit market where Maria tries to juggle two balls is still in the same spot . The Mozart footbridge over the Salzach and the steps down from the Modern Art Museum looking down on the town were used to film the children singing "  Do-Re-Mi . " Fans will also recognize Residenzplatz as the square draped with Nazi flags -- a scene director Bob Wise fought hard to shoot in the open . The Salzburg Festival does indeed take place in the same theater where the von Trapp family win first prize at the end of the film , while St. Peter 's Cemetery nearby was used as a model for the scene immediately afterward , where the family hides from the Nazis . It 's possible to walk inside the Nonnberg convent . The two dozen Benedictine nuns living there can not be seen , although they can occasionally be heard singing Vespers behind a grille around 5 p.m. Two new attractions have been added to the "  Sound of Music " phenomenon since the film 's last big anniversary 40 years ago . The original von Trapp villa in the suburb of Aigen is now a full-fledged hotel . The family lived there before they fled to America in 1938 . Afterward , it became the main residence of Heinrich Himmler , the head of the SS , who built the high wall that surrounds it today . After the war , the von Trapp family sold it to a Catholic monastic order . Recently , the last remaining members retreated to a new building nearby and rented the villa to Chris Unterkofler and Marianne Dorfer , the couple who run the hotel today . They explain to me that part of the attraction is to learn about the real von Trapps . The public spaces are full of family photographs , pictures of Maria 's wedding and old publicity shots . The two Chinese benches in the hall belonged to Captain von Trapp who bought them in Beijing during the Boxer Rebellion in 1900 . A model ship he constructed is on display in the breakfast room . Plus , it 's possible to commute to the center of Salzburg , catching the local tram at the end of the garden , from the same stop where the family fled to Italy in 1938 . No , they did n't climb over the mountains like in the film ; that would have taken them to Germany , not Switzerland . Finally , for anyone who 's watched "  The Sound of Music " on the big screen , bought the DVD and seen the play , there 's a new medium to tick off . The Marionettentheater in Salzburg now offers a puppet version of the musical . Managing director Barbara Heuberger is proud of her creation . Although the show has been shortened to one hour and forty minutes , no expense has been spared with its 50-plus puppets that include five Marias , 21 children , seven Captains and two Baronesses . The puppet show can be seen on odd dates all year round , but it 's regularly performed to sell-out audiences three times a week in July and August . The show will almost certainly come to those with enough patience , Frau Neuberger tells me . The puppets keep touring and have had audiences singing along from Abu Dhabi to Uganda . Whatever anyone thinks about "  The Sound of Music , " it 's hard to deny that it 's one of the few cinematic experiences that continues to offer cheers in a fractious world . For visitors to Austria , the hills are still very much alive with it . Salzburg is 2 hours and 22 minutes by train from Vienna  $ 50 per person one way , oebb.at  . Salzburg Tourism has an office inside the main train station and also at Mozartplatz 5 . They can suggest guides for a city walking tour . Julie Andrews stayed at Hotel Osterrechischer Hof , now Hotel Sacher  Schwarzstrasse 5-7 ; +43662889770  , which has doubles from $ 485 . The hotel wo n't divulge which room she stayed in , but if they get a specific request , will try to accommodate you there . Hotel Bristol Salzburg  Makartplatz 4 ; +43662873557  has doubles from $ 820 . This is where Christopher Plummer stayed and played the piano that can still be seen in the bar today . The Trapp Villa  Traunstrasse 34 , Aigen ; +43662630860  is a 15-minute , $ 15 taxi ride from the center of Salzburg , or four stops on the local tram . A family suite for four starts from $ 200 in low season . Private tours are possible via prior reservation . The Sound of Music Panorama Tour  +43662883211 -0  starts from $ 40 per person in low season . Marionettentheater  Schwarzstrasse 24 ; +43662872406  sells tickets for performances ranging between $ 16-40 per person .	"  The Sound of Music , " the biggest grossing musical of all time , was released 50 years ago Most of the movie was filmed in Salzburg , Austria The Marionettentheater in Salzburg now offers a puppet version of the musical
CNN  -- Massive Hurricane Irene , packing 115 mph winds and laden with moisture , aimed late Thursday for the U.S. East Coast , where it is expected to spawn widespread damage and flooding from North Carolina to New England . A hurricane warning was issued for coastal North Carolina from Little River Inlet north to the Virginia border , including the Pamlico , Albemarle and Currituck sounds , the National Hurricane Center said . Category 3 Irene was turning and moving northward from the Bahamas . It will parallel the Florida , Georgia and South Carolina coasts Friday as it approaches a Saturday landfall in North Carolina . Tens of millions could be affected by its fury . Officials in counties and cities along much of the East Coast ordered evacuations . Amtrak and major U.S. airlines began canceling routes and flights or putting them on a watch list . American Airlines canceled 126 flights Thursday , mostly out of Miami and the Bahamas , an airline spokesman said . Airlines are expected to cancel more flights Friday . Sunday 's dedication of the Martin Luther King Jr. . National Memorial in Washington was postponed until at least next month , officials announced Thursday night . Pro sports teams juggled their schedules while colleges from Virginia to New Hampshire closed their campuses or delayed dormitory move-ins . "  Everybody should take this very seriously , " said North Carolina Gov. Beverly Perdue , who declared a state of emergency in counties east of Interstate 95 . "  Everyone is telling us this is a big deal for North Carolina . " Hurricane Irene is expected to bear down on the North Carolina Outer Banks on Saturday , bristling with 110 mph winds . Irene will threaten metropolitan areas as it hugs the coast on Sunday and prepares for a possible second landfall in the Northeast , according to CNN meteorologist Dave Hennen . "  Extremely dangerous storm surge will raise water levels by as much as 5 to 10 feet above ground level within the hurricane warning area , including the Albemarle and Pamlico sounds , " the hurricane center said . "  The surge will be accompanied by large , destructive and life-threatening waves . " A hurricane warning is issued 36 hours in advance of tropical storm-force winds . A hurricane has sustained winds of 74 mph or higher . A hurricane watch was issued from the Virginia-North Carolina border north to Sandy Hook , New Jersey , including Delaware Bay and the Chesapeake Bay south of Smith Point . "  Significant " storm surge flooding was possible within the watch area . Hurricane watches , issued 48 hours in advance of tropical storm-force winds , indicate hurricane conditions are possible . A tropical storm warning , which indicates sustained winds of 39 to 73 mph are possible in the next 36 hours , was in effect for the coast of South Carolina from Edisto Beach northward to Little River Inlet . Rainfall amounts of 6 to 10 inches , with isolated maximums of 15 inches , were expected over portions of eastern North Carolina and in the Mid-Atlantic states along the path . Although the possibility of Irene growing to Category 4 was no longer in the Hurricane Center 's forecast report , CNN meteorologists Sean Morris and Chad Myers said it is still a possibility . Six other governors declared states of emergency as Irene threatened to wreak havoc along the Eastern Seaboard . Delaware Gov. Jack Markell , Connecticut Gov. Dannel Malloy , New York Gov. Andrew Cuomo , Virginia Gov. Bob McDonnell , New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley declared emergencies for their states . The requested emergency declarations allow states to free funds and prepare resources that may be needed . President Barack Obama signed North Carolina 's request later Thursday . "  We hope that the storm does n't hit , but we have to do everything in our power to be prepared , " said Malloy , who expects Irene to be a Category 1 hurricane when it reaches the region . Markell ordered all visitors to leave coastal areas in Delaware and urged residents to take shelter inland . If Irene continues along its current track , "  from a flooding perspective , this could be a hundred-year event , " Christie said . He encouraged voluntary evacuations to begin immediately . "  Anybody who is on a barrier island should go , " he said . As of 11 p.m. ET Thursday , the Category 3 storm had moved away from Abaco Island in the Bahamas , the National Hurricane Center said . Hurricane and tropical storm conditions were subsiding over the northwestern Bahamas . Cat , San Salvador and Long islands "  took direct hits , " said Gayle Outten-Moncur of Bahamas ' National Emergency Management Agency . "  There has been bad flooding in some areas . " By Thursday afternoon , no deaths or injuries had been reported in the island chain . Officials reported widespread power outages , impassable roads , downed trees and flooding in some spots . Still , they expected tourists to return by the weekend . In the United States , many people were quick to move out of the storm 's path . "  I did n't really want to take my chances , " said Janeen Wall , who left her vacation spot in Carolina Beach , North Carolina , to make it back to Richmond , Virginia . "  Also , if I waited for an evacuation order , I would have to share the road with more than a few thousand other folks trying to leave at the same time . " A mandatory evacuation order was in effect for residents and visitors in Hyde County , North Carolina , which includes Ocracoke Island , reachable only by boat or private plane , on the Outer Banks . Clayton Gaskill was one of about 100 Ocracoke residents still around Thursday night . In between playing progressive rock songs on community radio WOVV-FM , he talked about residents making final preparations . "  You pick up stuff that will float . " Nearby Dare County , which includes Manteo , Nags Head , Duck and historic Kitty Hawk , had an evacuation order for tourists only . Carteret County also issued a mandatory evacuation order for visitors in part of the county . On Friday , there will be a mandatory evacuation for all residents of Bogue Banks , said county spokesman Rodney Cates . Currituck County said all residents must leave by 8 a.m. Friday . Pamlico County , North Carolina , Sheriff Bill Sawyer Jr. told CNN he talked with many fishermen and others who have been pulling their boats from the water and taking other precautions , adding "  when they 're concerned , it 's something really to be concerned about . " Ocean City , Maryland , Mayor Richard Meehan announced a mandatory evacuation beginning at midnight , CNN affiliate WUSA reported . Atlantic City , New Jersey , set a 6 a.m. Friday mandatory evacuation . Owners as far north as Maine scrambled to have their boats moved out of harm 's way . CNN affiliate WCSH said Port Harbor Marine in South Portland was trying to move 100 boats a day through Saturday . "  Hopefully it wo n't be too big of a storm , but it 's nothing to fool with , " said Steve Theberge of Lewiston , whose boat was hoisted Thursday . "  You 've got to pay attention . And if you have an opportunity to get the boat out of the water , it 's the best way . " The cone of uncertainty -- the area that could be affected by Irene depending on what path it follows over the next several days -- includes much of the Northeast . Even if the hurricane does not make landfall , heavy rain could trigger flooding . "  The biggest concern is getting people to pay attention and make sure they are ready , " Federal Emergency Management Agency Administrator Craig Fugate said in an interview with CNN . Residents should have the necessary supplies and an evacuation plan ready , he said . The storm could weaken as it works its way up the U.S. East Coast in the coming days . "  As it gets closer to the Northeast , it will run into the cooler Labrador Current , and that -- along with some more wind shear -- should allow Irene to lose some strength , " said HLN meteorologist Bob Van Dillen . The U.S. Navy is sending 27 ships based in Norfolk , Virginia , out to sea to ride out Irene , a senior Navy official told CNN . An aircraft carrier is among them . Another 28 ships will seek more sheltered areas . Three submarines were heading out to sea as well . New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg said vulnerable patients in possibly affected hospitals , nursing homes and senior homes must be moved by 8 p.m. ET Friday . South Carolina state officials have decided not to order evacuations but urged boaters and swimmers to stay out of the water . The last major hurricane to strike the United States was Wilma in 2005 , which was a Category 3 at landfall in southwest Florida , Jeras said . CNN 's Josh Levs , Ed Payne , Melanie Whitley , Phil Gast , Catherine E. Schoichet , Joe Sutton , Greg Botelho , Chris Boyette , Paul Corson , Eden Pontz , Laura Batchelor , Barbara Starr and John Fricke contributed to this report .	NEW : Hurricane begins turn toward the north , U.S. The King memorial dedication in Washington is postponed Hurricane warnings and watches issued in the United States The Bahamas reports damage but expects tourists to return quickly
NEW YORK  CNN  -- Diane Sawyer will take over nightly news anchor duties for ABC when Charlie Gibson retires from "  World News " at the end of this year , a network spokesman confirmed Wednesday . Charlie Gibson and Diane Sawyer worked together on "  Good Morning America . " Sawyer , 63 , will be the second woman to be the solo host of an evening newscast for an American broadcast TV network . Sawyer will take the chair in January , ABC 's Jeffrey Schneider said . Gibson , 66 , and Sawyer worked together for years on ABC 's morning show -- "  Good Morning America " -- before Gibson was promoted over Sawyer to anchor ABC 's "  World News " in May 2006 . Elizabeth Vargas and Bob Woodruff co-anchored the newscast before Gibson . That duo came to an end after Woodruff was seriously wounded by a roadside bomb in Iraq . Maria Brennan , president of the Washington-based American Women in Radio and Television organization , called the announcement a "  watershed moment " and said Sawyer was the "  obvious choice " to take over ABC 's anchor chair . Asked about the significance of two out of three network nightly news anchors being women -- the other being CBS ' Katie Couric -- Brennan said , "  It comes with some excitement and some glee for groups like ours , who have worked for years to ensure that women have parity with their male counterparts . " "  When we get to a point in time when we do n't even notice the gender , we can really celebrate , " Brennan said . Sawyer worked for President Richard Nixon in the 1970s , first in his White House press office and later helping him write his memoirs after his resignation . After a stint with CBS News -- including five years as a "  60 Minutes " correspondent -- Sawyer joined ABC News in 1989 . She worked on news magazines for ABC -- including "  Primetime Live " and "  20/20 " -- before being assigned to co-host "  Good Morning America " with Gibson in 1999 . CNN 's Albert Lewintinn contributed to this report .	ABC News anchor Charlie Gibson retiring at end of the year Diane Sawyer will take over "  World News " beginning in January The pair worked together for years on "  Good Morning America "
The average high school graduation rate in America 's biggest urban school districts , which serve large numbers of children from very disadvantaged backgrounds , is only about 50 % . In most cities , the figure is even lower for African-American males . Unfortunately , remarkably few strategies have been shown to improve the schooling outcomes of disadvantaged children , particularly once they reach adolescence . This has led many people to conclude that the harmful effects of poverty are already so entrenched by adolescence that improving academic learning for low-income teens is not feasible . Many experts have called for focusing instead on vocational education for these youth or just doubling down on early childhood . Given all this , some may even question the prospects for success of President Obama 's new initiative to help young minority men , My Brother 's Keeper . We believe it 's premature to conclude that by adolescence , it 's too late to improve schooling outcomes . Few approaches have addressed one of the central challenges facing so many urban schools : the wide variation in students ' academic levels by the time they reach middle and high school . Consider trying to teach math to a classroom of 25 to 30 students when some students are at grade level and some are seven or even 10 years behind . Now imagine the same situation from the students ' perspective . Asking kids to sit through material so far beyond their knowledge is a recipe for disengagement and dropout . What urban school systems need is a "  safety net " to catch students who start falling behind and get them back to up to grade level so they can re-engage with regular classroom instruction . This safety net must include academic instruction that is both individualized and intensive . Educators have long known that one-on-one or small-group tutoring is the most effective way to teach people anything . But most urban school systems struggle with the costs of having one teacher in a room with 25  or more  students ; how could we ever have a class size of just one or two students per instructor ? One possible answer comes from Match Education of Boston , a nonprofit organization that runs charter schools and a teacher training program and provides tutoring services to urban districts . Match had the insight that teaching one or two students at a time eliminates some of the biggest challenges involved in teaching a whole classroom of students  like classroom management  . Many more people can be good at tutoring compared with being good at classroom teaching ; extensive teacher experience and training are not required . This enables Match to expand the pool of recruits and focus on those with strong math skills who are willing to devote a year to public service for just a modest stipend . This makes the incredibly high dosage of the Match tutoring model feasible . Match has partnered with urban school districts in cities across the country to provide this "  tutoring on steroids " model to hundreds of students in each city . The cost of providing this type of intensive tutoring is between $ 2,000 and $ 3,000 per student per year . Of course , the education field is full of good ideas that do n't pan out in practice ; how does this Match tutoring model actually work in practice ? How effective is it really ? Last year , our University of Chicago Urban Education Lab tried to answer this question by carrying out a randomized controlled trial of the sort that provides gold-standard evidence in medicine but which remains far too rare in education . We randomly assigned 106 male ninth - and 10th-graders in one Chicago public high school to receive Match-style tutoring for a year and to participate in a promising non-academic program called Becoming a Man , developed and delivered by the Chicago nonprofit Youth Guidance . Our study showed that program participation for just six months improved student math test scores by an amount that is equal to what the average U.S. high school student learns in three years .  Or put differently , the effect equals about 60 % of the black-white test score gap in data collected for U.S. students overall . The program also improved math grades , reduced course failures , increased school attendance and increased by nearly 50 % the likelihood that youth were "  on track " for graduation according to the Chicago Public Schools on-track indicator . The cost of providing students with both intensive individualized math tutoring and the opportunity to participate in BAM was about $ 4,400 per student per year . While this may seem expensive , the benefits of the program were so large that the cost-effectiveness of these programs compares favorably to other social investments that have been shown to be effective  e.g. early childhood education , cash transfers from the Earned Income Tax Credit , or reductions in class sizes  . Moreover , cities like Chicago currently receive millions of dollars from the federal government to support tutoring , which in principle could be repurposed to cover the costs of providing Match-style tutoring to students who need an academic safety net . Our study results would be striking anywhere but are all the more so because the high school students in our study come from what is perhaps Chicago 's most disadvantaged , dangerous South Side neighborhood . Whether this can be equally effective at large scale is the next key question to answer ; our team is currently working on this in a much larger-scale experiment under way in 21 public high schools across Chicago . We think there are two important lessons here . The first is a policy lesson for urban school systems : They need something individualized and intensive , like Match tutoring , as a safety net to help prevent students who start falling behind from falling completely through the cracks . But there is also a larger lesson here that is relevant for social policy and criminal justice , not just education : It 's not too late to help children from disadvantaged backgrounds even once they reach adolescence .	Jonathan Guryan , Jens Ludwig : Graduation rates for big urban schools about 50 % Many believe academic learning not feasible when disadvantaged kids reach teen years They say program of small-group tutoring raised kids ' performance considerably Writers : It worked in Chicago , why not elsewhere ? Key is not to give up with teens
CNN  -- You know it 's a recession when leggy Las Vegas showgirls ca n't sell enough tickets to stay in business . Las Vegas showgirls strut their stuff in Les Folies Bergere , which is closing after 50 years . That 's what 's happening to "  Les Folies Bergere , " a revue modeled after its famous namesake in Paris , that has run in Vegas for nearly 50 years . The curtain will go down on the act for the last time on March 28 , according to the Tropicana Las Vegas , where the show runs on the Strip . The hotel 's Web site trumpets that the "  timeless musical extravaganza embodies the very essence of sexy , classic Las Vegas entertainment . " The classic show opened on Christmas Eve 1959 after being imported from Paris , according to the hotel . Scandalous when it opened , it was known for its leggy , topless dancers wearing huge feathered headdresses , high heels , and not much more . "  Folies Bergere enjoyed an amazing and unprecedented run on the Las Vegas Strip , " according to Ron Thacker , president of Tropicana Las Vegas . "  We are extremely proud to have been part of such an iconic Las Vegas production and offer a sincere thank you to the cast , crew and support staff for their many years of excellence . " The closing is an example of how the economic downturn has struck Sin City . Tourism and real estate -- two key industries in Las Vegas -- have plunged . Hotels have slashed prices to keep bringing in visitors , but that has n't helped keep Les Folies Bergere running .	Les Folies Bergere show in Las Vegas to close after 50 years Curtain at Tropicana Resort on the Strip goes down for last time March 28 Show , imported from Paris , opened on Christmas Eve 1959 It was known for its leggy , topless dancers wearing huge feathered headdresses
CNN  -- Four-time champions Barcelona will come up against rising power Paris Saint-German in the quarterfinals of the European Champions League . The draw for the last eight of Europe 's premier club competition took place in Nyon , Switzerland on Friday , with Barca 's match-up with Qatari-owned PSG the pick of the ties . The two teams met in the quarterfinals of the competition in 1995 , with the French team progressing thanks to a 3-2 aggregate win . Nine-time winners Real Madrid have been paired with Turkey 's Galatasaray , while Italian champions Juventus will play runaway German league leaders Bayern Munich . Join the CNN Football Club ! The remaining tie pits Champions League debutants Malaga against 1997 winners Borussia Dortmund . Barca advanced courtesy of a stunning comeback win over Italy 's AC Milan . The Catalan team trailed Milan 2-0 heading into Tuesday 's second leg at the Nou Camp , but the Spanish La Liga leaders won 4-0 to reach the quarterfinals for the sixth consecutive year . PSG 's challenge will be headed by Swedish striker Zlatan Ibrahimovic , who will be returning to his former club . Blog : Are English clubs in Champions League decline ? Ibrahimovic will miss the first leg in Paris through suspension after picking up a red card for violent conduct during PSG 's round of 16 win over Valencia . Real coach Jose Mourinho is aiming to lead Los Blancos to a landmark 10th triumph in the competition . If the Portuguese coach succeeds in delivering "  La Decima " to the Bernabeu , he will become the first coach to win the trophy with three different teams following previous successes with Porto and Inter Milan . Galatasaray are in the quarterfinals for the first time in 12 years . The Istanbul team have been strengthened by the arrival of Ivorian striker Didier Drogba , who scored the penalty which crowned Chelsea kings of Europe last season . Two-time champions Juventus have not reached this stage of the competition since 2006 . Antonio Conte 's team face a Bayern side looking to erase the memories of last season 's final defeat to Chelsea , which took place in the club 's own Allianz Arena stadium . Dortmund have been German champions in each of the last two season , with coach Jurgen Klopp earning praise for the vibrant , attacking football played by his young team . The quarterfinals represents a step into the unknown for Malaga . Coach Manuel Pellegrini has taken Champions League debutants into the last eight for the second time , following his Villarreal team 's run to the semifinals in 2006 .	Barcelona to play Paris Saint-Germain in the Champions League quarterfinals The tie is a repeat of the 1995 quarterfinal , which PSG won Real Madrid will face Turkey 's Galatasaray , while Bayern Munich drawn with Juventus Debutants Malaga to play 1997 champions Borussia Dortmund
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  CNN  -- The Taliban in Pakistan have issued a direct challenge to the legitimacy of the Pakistani government , by declaring the country 's entire legal system "  un-Islamic . " Taliban representatives leave talks in Peshawar in February after reaching a deal on Sharia law in Swat . "  Let the judges and the lawyers go to Islamic university , " said Muslim Khan , a Taliban spokesman in Pakistan 's Swat Valley . "  After  they learn Islamic rules , Islamic regulation , they can continue to work . " In a telephone interview Tuesday with CNN , Khan demanded the imposition of Islamic sharia law all across the country . He also called for the creation of jaziya , an Islamic tax , to be levied on all non-Muslims in Pakistan . And Khan denounced any Pakistanis who disagreed with his interpretation of Islam , calling them "  non-Muslims . " The Taliban militant echoed statements made by Sufi Muhammed , an Islamist fundamentalist leader who helped broker a peace deal between the Pakistani government and the Taliban in Swat Valley . Last week , the deal led to the implementation of sharia law in Swat , an alpine region that was once one of Pakistan 's most popular destinations for foreign tourists . Speaking before an audience of tens of thousands on Sunday , Sufi Muhammed declared democracy and Pakistan 's judicial system "  un-Islamic . " Since reaching his peace deal with the government in Islamabad , Muhammed has been appointing qazis , or clerics , to serve as judges in Islamic courts in Swat . The rise of the Taliban in Swat has alarmed and frightened some members of local civil society there . "  This is a time bomb for the country , " said Aftab Alam , the head of the lawyers ' association in Swat district . Speaking by telephone from the town of Mingora , Alam claimed Taliban militants have kidnapped , ransomed and even killed lawyers in recent months . "  The only sane voice against the militants , the only sane voice against the criminals , is the lawyer community , " he said . "  And this is why we have been declared by them , I mean the militants , liable to death . " This week , some secular Pakistani political parties publicly condemned the Taliban 's strict interpretation of Islam . But many other prominent officials appear unwilling or unable to challenge the creeping Taliban conversion of Pakistani society . For example , Ali Ahmed Kurd , one of the leaders of the lawyers protest movement which helped bring down the government of military ruler Pervez Musharraf , declined to comment on Tuesday when asked by CNN about Sufi Mohammed 's comments . In recent months , videos have emerged showing what appear to be Taliban militants in Swat meting out vigilante justice . One video shows men beating a woman accused of adultery with a cane . Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan initially claimed responsibility for the public caning in interviews with Pakistani TV stations . But in his interview with CNN on Tuesday he reversed his position , accusing "  opponents of Islam " of making fake videos to hurt his movement 's image . Meanwhile , in another Taliban-run region called Orakzai , details emerged of militants forcing a small community of Sikhs to pay a jaziya or "  minority tax " of 10.5 million rupees , roughly 18,000 dollars earlier this month . During his interview , Taliban spokesman Muslim Khan said that if his vision of an Islamic society is fulfilled in Pakistan , terror mastermind Osama Bin Laden will be welcome to travel and live openly here . "  Sure , he 's a Muslim , he can go anywhere , " Khan said . Khan added that he would like to see sharia law implemented beyond Pakistan , even in America , a country he knows intimately . For four years , the Taliban spokesman lived in the United States , working as a painter near Boston .	Taliban in Pakistan demand imposition of Islamic sharia law across country Government-Taliban deal has led to implementation of sharia law in Swat Valley Fundamentalist leader declares Pakistan 's judicial system "  un-Islamic " Secular Pakistani political parties have condemned strict interpretation of Islam
Giglio , Italy  CNN  -- In his answers to prosecutors , defense attorneys and a judge , the captain of the ill-fated cruise ship Costa Concordia admitted he made a "  mistake " in colliding with rocks off the Italian island of Giglio . However , in statements made during a phone conversation with a friend earlier this month , Capt. Francesco Schettino said managers pressured him to steer the ship to the area where the collision occurred , two Italian newspapers reported Wednesday . Both Costa Cruises and authorities have criticized Schettino 's behavior . He is under house arrest and faces possible charges of manslaughter , shipwreck and abandoning ship when the vessel struck rocks and rolled over onto its side in the waters off the island on January 13 . A 16th body was found Tuesday on the ship . Sixteen others are missing from the roughly 4,200 people aboard the cruise liner -- 3,200 passengers and 1,000 crew members -- at the time of the collision . "  I hit this projection of rock , that seems almost stuck into the ship , but this was my mistake , " Schettino said in the 126-page transcript . " ... There is n't anything I can say , as I was convinced that passing within .28 of a mile there would n't be any problem . The captain also brushed aside suggestions that at 15 knots , he was going too fast , as alleged by prosecutors . "  There is n't a speed limit , " he said . " ... We had more or less the speed needed to reach Savona on time . " According to the transcript , Schettino maintained he ran the ship aground to keep it from sinking . "  This is what allowed me to limit the tilting , " he said . Maritime lawyer Jim Allsworth told CNN the maneuver is "  fairly standard " in the case of a ship taking on water and in danger of sinking or capsizing . "  The best thing to do is to put it aground to stop it sinking . " Italian newspapers La Repubblica and Corriere della Sera on Wednesday published excerpts from a telephone conversation Schettino had with a friend after his January 14 arrest . The captain called his friend from the prosecutor 's office , and authorities tapped the phone , the newspapers said . Schettino attorney Alessandro Antichi confirmed the wiretap but would not comment on the conversation . The information should not have been published , he said , as it is part of the investigation . "  In my place , someone else would n't have been so benevolent to have gone right under there , because they have pissed me off , go , go there , " Schettino said , in an apparent reference to getting close to the island , according to the newspapers . "  The shallows were there but it was n't signaled by the instruments that I had and I went through ... in order to follow what the managers wanted . " The man behind the steering wheel , Jacob Rusli Bin , told investigators that after the ship struck the rocks , Schettino cursed and said he had not seen them , La Repubblica reported . Speaking Wednesday before the Italian Senate , Costa CEO Pier Luigi Foschi gave an account of what occurred as documented by Roberto Ferrarini , the company 's director of marine operations . The first contact between Schettino and Ferrarini took place about 15 minutes after the collision , at 9:57 p.m. . In the call , Schettino told Ferrarini of the crash and said the ship had lost power but assured him the ship could still navigate and the situation was being investigated . In subsequent calls , Foschi said , Schettino updated Ferrarini about the ship taking on water but insisted it could still navigate . Foschi told lawmakers that Ferrarini reported Schettino was calm during the calls . The last call in which the captain reported the situation was under control came in at 10:33 p.m. , he said . Two minutes later , Schettino called to tell Ferrarini the ship was being evacuated , Foschi said , adding that Ferrarini was surprised at the sudden change . Ferrarini and Schettino continued to talk during the evacuation , Foschi said , but did not provide further details . Costa can not conduct an independent investigation because prosecutors seized the ship 's data recorder , or "  black box . " The recorder had some connection problems but is working , Foschi said . It contains conversation recordings and navigation system data , he said . Schettino 's defense attorney , Bruno Leporatti , filed an appeal Wednesday of a judge 's decision to place the captain on house arrest , Leporatti 's office said in a statement . Both the prosecution and the defense are appealing the decision -- prosecutors because they believe Schettino should be in custody , and the defense because it believes he should have been released with no restrictions on his movements . In his deposition , Schettino defended his decision not to evacuate the ship immediately . "  It 's not like I can have a black out and immediately say , ` Let 's all get out of here , ' " he said . "  Where do I send these people ? I need to have the certainty and reach my decision on the fact that the ship is like that  no longer capable of floating  . I am not going to put at risk the lives of 4,000 people . " Cruise ship passengers described a scene of panic and confusion as they rushed for lifeboats . Some said the crew seemed overwhelmed and did not have accurate information on what was taking place . In the transcript , Schettino also described the chaos , saying he helped passengers onto lifeboats and that some became stuck because of the angle of the listing ship . He said he was trying to launch a lifeboat when he realized he was no longer on board . "  I was then on the lifeboat . It is n't as if I had boarded it , " he said . "  Look , I fell on its roof . " However , in the wiretapped conversation , Schettino tells the friend , "  When I understood that the ship was tilting , I decided to leave , and left , " according to Corriere della Sera . A captain 's leaving the ship with passengers still aboard is difficult to defend , said Italian criminal defense attorney Ugo Meucci , who does not represent Schettino . "  This is a very difficult position because our law is very strong , and the risk is very high for the captain , " who could face a 15-year jail sentence , Meucci said . Schettino has resolutely defended his actions after the ship hit the rocks , insisting he kept his bosses at Costa fully informed of the accident 's severity . "  The gash  in the ship  was immense , " the captain said in the wiretapped conversation . "  There was this projection of rock , and then all what I did afterwards , I did it with my most professionalism , and this can help me alleviate or at least give me the illusion to be at peace with my conscience . " He tells the friend . "  I 'm proud of the fact that we saved almost all  the passengers  . ... I went around picking up people at sea and I 'm at peace . " Schettino also tells the friend , "  I do n't ever want to go back on ship . " CNN 's Hada Messia in Rome contributed to this report .	Captain told a friend managers pressured him to steer toward the island , newspapers say He told court officials he was helping with lifeboats and realized he was off the ship But in a taped conversation , he tells the friend he left after the ship began listing , paper says Sixteen people are dead and 16 others missing after Costa Concordia hit rocks January 13
PIGEON FORGE , Tennessee  CNN  -- When asked if I wanted to bounce down a hill while inside a gigantic inflatable plastic ball , I have to admit , I was intrigued . "  My nerves were in overdrive , " says CNN.com Live 's Melissa Long before her Zorb adventure . My nerves were in overdrive since I was worried I might throw up , and on camera nonetheless , since I 'd be harnessed to the interior of this PVC ball as it bounced haphazardly down a hill at up to 30 mph . My curiosity beat out any butterflies , and I signed up for the adventure with two of my CNN.com colleagues . We mapped out our 248-mile trek from downtown Atlanta , Georgia , to Tennessee and packed light . However , I 've learned to always have snacks handy to ward off any munchy urges in between bathroom breaks . And , of course , driving can be quite an adventure ! I grew up playing "  I spy " and checking out license plates . This time , we fiddled with satellite radio and iPods , and then despite endless musical options , we realized the real entertainment came from chatting about the small towns we drove through , telling jokes , or attempting to be funny , and learning more about each other . See map of our route " After nearly a tank of gas and 3 1/2 hours on the road , we arrived in Pigeon Forge . With the Great Smoky Mountains as a backdrop , we were quickly overwhelmed by the commercialism and realized you could find just about everything you would ever need on this 5-mile stretch known as the "  Parkway , " or just off of it , including the first North American Zorb site . The Zorb hails from New Zealand and there are fewer than a dozen spots in the world to try it . There are two options if you want to achieve the status of a "  Zorbonaut . " Sign up for the Zorbit run and you 'll be harnessed inside the Zorb . At the top of the hill , you 'll climb through the Zorb 's two foot entry hole and once you 're buckled in , the rodeo gate opens and an employee shouts , "  Zorb ! " For the next 30 seconds , you 'll bounce up and down , left and right , as the sky and ground appear and then reappear , and you lose all sense of orientation . A child at this site described the experience to me and said it was like being inside a washing machine . I would also say it 's similar to the unpredictable path of one of those 10-cent vending machine bouncing balls . Watch my Zorb experience " The other option is to try the Zydro which wo n't toss you upside down . Instead , you 'll speed down the hill just as you would on a waterslide , except this time you 're sitting in water and surrounded by clear , flexible plastic that echoes your laughs . You ca n't possibly make it down the 1,000-foot track without getting soaked ! Personally , I preferred the Zydro experience since you can climb into the ball with a friend and share the zigzagging . When you 're harnessed and bouncing solo , you can scream or smile all you want , but there 's no one to laugh with . Indoor skydiving We quickly discovered the Zorb is n't the only facility for people craving excitement in Pigeon Forge . See photos of our trip " There 's a smorgasbord of activities such as Dolly Parton 's famed theme park , Dollywood , go-karts , water rides , laser tag and indoor skydiving . Several years ago , I went skydiving and was anxious to compare . Here 's a perfect example of a first impression being terribly wrong ! I thought indoor skydiving would be easy . Real skydiving was a cinch in comparison since I was strapped to an expert who did the bulk of the work and all I really had to do was get the courage to do it and admire the view below . After a short video and training class at this U.S. Flyaway facility , you 'll be fitted for the full body suit , goggles , helmet and earplugs . The earplugs will come in handy since the wind tunnel is loud from the jet engine which creates the 120-mph column of air inside . Depending on your abilities , you may find yourself from three to 12 feet above a metal , mesh-like trampoline secured over the jet engine . Watch me learn to fly indoors " Other tourists also properly suited are allowed inside , and one at a time you 'll be motioned onto the mesh to learn to "  fly " with the trained instructor . At first , operators wait until you 're flat on your stomach on top of the wire grate to really fire up the engine . Once you get a feel for it , you 'll "  dive " or jump , which is more difficult than it looks . With indoor skydiving , just like with regular skydiving , you must properly position your lower back , head , arms and legs . Even the slightest movement can alter your alignment , and you may find yourself curled up in a ball on the padding which lines the funnel . I 'll admit I never came close to mastering the techniques . Expert skydivers often rely on wind tunnel facilities to try out their tricks before performing them after jumping out of a plane . I was thankful one of the instructors , who had worked at the Pigeon Forge facility for 12 years , was willing to show off his amazing acrobatic abilities ! In addition to the thrills , just like the Las Vegas Strip lined with hotels and casinos , the Pigeon Forge "  Parkway " is packed with small affordable motels and larger hotels . There are also endless souvenir shops and chain restaurants lining the street . Designed for "  family fun , " all of these attractions transform this tiny town of 5,800 residents into a major destination for more than 10 million visitors a year looking for excitement . And of course , there 's another kind of adventure waiting just a few miles up the road , in the Great Smoky Mountains . Melissa Long is an anchor for CNN.com Live which is CNN.com 's live streaming news service . For more on CNN.com Live follow the link .	CNN.com Live anchor 's curiosity beats butterflies at first U.S. "  Zorb " site Pigeon Forge , Tennessee , also offers indoor skydiving , Dollywood , go-karts "  Zorbonauts " enter plastic Zorb ball and bounce 1,000 feet downhill at 30 mph Indoor skydiving over jet engine "  more difficult than it looks "
New York  CNN  -- Investigators and rescue teams will continue their search Friday for a missing 13-year-old Texas girl , focusing near a densely wooded area and along the Colorado River . Meanwhile , Hailey Dunn 's mother , Billie Dunn , told HLN 's Nancy Grace that she and her live-in boyfriend , Shawn Adkins , both failed polygraph exams . Adkins was the last person to see the eighth-grade cheerleader on December 27 at Dunn 's home in Colorado City , according to local reports . Colorado City -- a rural central Texas town -- is about 70 miles west of Abilene . Hailey reportedly told Adkins she was going to visit her father and then a friend . Hailey 's father , Clint Dunn , says she often came to his home but did not on that day . Dunn said she took the polygraph test after she was informed that Adkins had failed . Woodrow Tripp , a polygraph expert , told Nancy Grace that troubles him . " That absolutely would cause major problems emotionally as she 's administered one . You want to try to minimize that as much as possible , " Tripp said . Dunn did not say who administered the exam , during which she says she was asked if she knew anything about or caused Hailey 's disappearance and whether she feared any questions . The night Hailey vanished , Dunn says she thought her daughter was sleeping over at a friend 's house . Asked why she did not confirm Hailey 's location before going to bed that night , Dunn said , " I just do n't have an answer for that . I wish I would have called to tell her goodnight . " Dunn says police questioned her for more than 10 hours on Wednesday . She met Adkins on the MySpace social networking site more than two years ago , and he moved in with her several months ago . Police initially considered Hailey a runaway , but the situation is now a missing person case . A Texas Amber Alert has not been issued , reportedly because no one saw Hailey being abducted . Hailey is 5-foot-2 and weighs 120 pounds . She has hazel eyes and brown hair with blond streaks . When she disappeared , she was wearing navy blue sweatpants , a light colored short sleeve T-shirt , and pink and white tennis shoes .	Hailey Dunn , a cheerleader , has been missing since December 27 The girl reportedly said she was going to visit her father Her mother 's boyfriend was the last person to see her alive , according to local reports
Belfast , Northern Ireland  CNN  -- An international effort to save a dog on death row in Northern Ireland ended in failure , heartbreak and recrimination Wednesday when Lennox -- described by the Belfast City Council as a "  dangerous , illegal pit-bull terrier type " -- was put to death . The dog 's owner , Caroline Barnes , told CNN she was devastated by the decision to kill an animal she described as a well-behaved family pet . Lennox was taken from the Barnes family home in Belfast by dog wardens two years ago after city council officials identified him as a pit bull-type dog , which is illegal in Northern Ireland . The case provoked outrage from dog-lovers across the globe . Barnes ' "  Save Lennox " campaign went viral , attracting the support of celebrities , lawmakers and almost 200,000 people in an online petition . Vigils and protests were held by animal rights activists on both sides of the Atlantic , including demonstrations outside the British and Irish consulates in New York , to plead for Lennox 's life . "  Animal rights groups have even staged protests in New York about this . We did everything possible to save Lennox but they still would n't listen , " said Barnes . However , the struggle -- which involved several court hearings -- ended when the council confirmed the 7-year-old dog had been "  humanely put to sleep . " "  This was in accordance with the Order of the County Court which was affirmed by the Northern Ireland Court of Appeal , " said a statement issued by the council Wednesday . The statement added that the council 's expert "  described the dog as one of the most unpredictable and dangerous dogs he had come across ... The council regrets that the court action was necessary but would emphasize that the safety of the public remains its key priority . " Northern Ireland 's First Minister Peter Robinson turned to social media in a doomed , last-minute attempt at intervention . "  As a dog lover I am very unhappy with the outcome of this case , " he tweeted . "  Spoke to Lord Mayor about Lennox . Suggested BCC  Belfast City Council  should seriously look at re-homing option . Why exercise the order if there 's an alternative ? " The council was so determined to kill Lennox , Barnes said , that "  they would n't even listen to the man responsible for running the country . " Celebrity trainer Victoria Stilwell of Animal Planet 's program "  It 's Me or the Dog " traveled to Belfast to make her own personal appeal for clemency , describing Lennox as "  an historically unaggressive American bulldog-labrador mix . " "  Victoria was willing to take Lennox under her care in the United States at no expense to the council but they even turned that down as well , " Barnes said . Lawyers for Barnes argued that the dog had never bitten anyone and had behaved well since being impounded , but in June , Northern Ireland 's top court rejected a bid from Barnes to overturn the decision of two lower courts condemning Lennox to death . A 28-day deadline for legal appeals expired at midnight Tuesday . The dog was put to sleep at a secret location , the council said . Barnes said all legal options had been exhausted and the "  heartbroken " family finally had to admit defeat . "  We are devastated and disgusted by the way we have been treated by Belfast City Council . They would n't even let us say goodbye to Lennox . " In its statement Wednesday , the council claimed that some staff members had been threatened because of the Lennox case . "  Over the past two years , council officials have been subjected to a sustained campaign of abuse including threats of violence and death threats , " said the statement . The council added it was "  in ongoing contact " with Northern Ireland police regarding the alleged incidents .	The dog was taken from the family home two years ago Pit bull-type dogs , among others , are illegal in Northern Ireland Lennox never bit anyone , lawyers for the family argued A campaign to save the dog went viral , with protests in New York
CNN  -- Malaysia 's health minister has resigned after being caught on videotape having sex with a female friend the country 's national news agency said Wednesday . A day earlier , Health Minister Chua Soi Lek acknowledged that he was the man in a widely-circulated DVD that showed a couple engaged in sex in a hotel room . At the time , the 61-year-old also added that he would not resign from his post or his party , the Malaysian Chinese Association , which is part of the ruling National Front coalition . But news agency Bernama said Wednesday that Chua had resigned from both the post and the party , and his departure was effective immediately . Chua 's wife , Wong Sek Hin , told the news agency that her husband had apologized to her and his three children . "  It is a difficult time for all of us but we have accepted his regret and apology , " she told Bernama . In his admission at a press conference in Malaysia on Tuesday , Chua said the woman was a "  personal friend " but did not elaborate . "  I would like to emphasize that I did not make the tape myself . Who has done this and why it was done is obvious . Who made this tape is not important any more , " he told The Associated Press . E-mail to a friend	Malaysia 's health minister resigns role after being caught in secretly-made sex video DVD showed Chua Soi Lek performing sexual acts with a woman in a hotel Chua also stood down from position in Malaysian Chinese Association party Chua apologized to wife , three children and supporters in a news conference
ST. POELTEN , Austria  CNN  -- A jury in Austria has found Josef Fritzl guilty of raping and imprisoning his daughter for more than two decades and sentenced him to life in prison . Josef Fritzl arrives for sentencing at the courthouse in St. Poelten on Thursday . It was the maximum sentence for the most serious charge Fritzl faced : one count of murder , for allowing one of the babies he fathered with his daughter to die shortly after birth . The eight-member jury returned a unanimous verdict on all counts . Fritzl , dressed in a gray suit , blue shirt and dark tie , stared blankly ahead and showed no emotion as the jury delivered its verdict . The 73-year-old had pleaded guilty to all charges on Wednesday , but Austrian law requires a jury to return a verdict as well . Fritzl will soon be moved to a detention facility for mentally abnormal offenders , where psychiatrists will evaluate him and decide on therapy . Until then , he will remain in a two-person cell in St. Poelten . The man who kept his crimes a secret for 24 years until he was exposed last year made a final , emotional apology to the court Thursday morning . Read blog on how Austria was reacting before sentencing "  I am deeply sorry with all my heart for what I have done , but I can not go back and change it , " Fritzl told the court at St. Poelten , about 70 kilometers  45 miles  east of Amstetten , where he and his family lived . The jury found Fritzl guilty of incest , rape , enslavement and false imprisonment of his daughter Elisabeth . It also found him guilty of two assault charges and murder in the death of the baby , one of twins , which died 66 hours after birth . Fritzl initially pleaded not guilty to murder , enslavement , and one of the assault charges , and partly guilty to rape . He surprised his own lawyer by changing his plea Wednesday . Prosecutor Christiane Burkheiser urged the jury Thursday to return a murder conviction . She called Fritzl 's admission of guilt a ploy . "  This was not a confession by the accused . It was a change in strategy , " she told the court . Elisabeth Fritzl also wanted her father to be convicted , said her lawyer , Eva Plaz . Both sides accepted Thursday 's verdict and Josef Fritzl refused the option to appeal , court officials said . He could be considered for parole in 15 years , when he would be 88 , said court spokesman Franz Cutka , but the Ministry of Justice will decide whether to allow it . Fritzl 's lawyer revealed Thursday that Elisabeth had been in court Tuesday , the second day of the trial . Defense attorney Rudolf Mayer said the elder Fritzl noticed his daughter 's presence in the final hour of viewing Elisabeth 's videotaped testimony . Mayer said he was not disappointed with the verdict because it was a "  logical consequence " of his client 's admission of guilt . He said life in prison is a "  very just sentence . " "  In my eyes , no man is a monster , regardless of what he 's done , " Mayer told the BBC . "  He 's always a human , regardless of what he 's done . " A technical expert testified at the trial that the underground chamber in which Fritzl kept his daughter and their offspring had low ceilings -- about 1.7 meters  5.5 feet  high -- and , for the first couple of years , only minimal sanitation . The cellar had no daylight or fresh air . Prosecutors said Fritzl closeted Elisabeth in the specially designed cellar in 1984 , when she was 18 , telling other family members that she had run away to join a cult . He kept her there for 24 years , authorities believe , repeatedly sexually assaulting her and fathering her seven children . Fritzl took three of the children upstairs to live with him and his wife , telling the family that the missing Elisabeth had dropped them off . Elisabeth and the remaining children never saw daylight , prosecutors said , and Fritzl went away for long periods , leaving them without food . To punish them , prosecutors said , Fritzl sometimes turned off the power in the cellar for up to 10 days . In addition , they alleged , Elisabeth was often sexually assaulted in front of the children . One of the babies -- a boy named Michael -- died shortly after birth . Prosecutors charged Fritzl with murder in his death because he did not receive medical care . Fritzl admitted Wednesday that he was in the cellar when the baby was born . He noticed the child was breathing heavily , he said , but he did not think the baby would die and decided not to seek help . Fritzl told the court he was probably responsible for the child 's death and pleaded guilty to his murder . He had earlier pleaded not guilty to the charge but said he changed his mind after hearing Elisabeth 's videotaped testimony . The prosecution said Thursday that Michael struggled for 66 hours before dying of respiratory problems . They said Fritzl knew what was happening but was indifferent . Authorities have said that Elisabeth and her children now have new identities and are in a secret location . Asked at a news conference why other family members have not testified , officials said they did not wish to . The case came to light in April 2008 , when Elisabeth 's then-19-year-old daughter , Kerstin , became seriously ill and ended up in the hospital . Hospital staff became suspicious and alerted police , who then discovered the family 's plight in the cellar . CNN 's Diana Magnay and Frederik Pleitgen contributed to this report .	Josef Fritzl jailed for life after he was convicted of all charges including murder Austrian kept daughter in cellar for decades , fathered her 7 children Eight-member jury returned unanimous verdict on all six counts Fritzl will serve sentence at detention facility for mentally abnormal offenders
CNN  -- Esra'a al Shafei , a recent university graduate in Bahrain , is young , Muslim and frustrated . Young Muslims , pictured here in Afghanistan , are increasingly using technology to engage the world . The 23-year-old says the complexity of who she is as a Muslim is being distorted by extremists and the media coverage of them . Channeling her frustration , she started Mideastyouth.com , a Web site she describes as a place for young people in the region to "  show a different side of our religion " and discuss topics big and small , taboo and not . She represents a generation of Muslims who are using technology to express themselves , connect with others , challenge traditional power structures and create an identity in an era when Islamic extremists often grab the headlines . "  I think the word that clearly defines the younger generation and also separates them from their parents is ` globalized , ' " said Reza Aslan , the author of two books on Islam , including the recently published "  How to Win a Cosmic War : God , Globalization and the End of the War on Terror . " Access to technology lags in countries with large Muslim populations compared with Europe and the United States . Access also varies between those countries depending on a variety of factors such as governmental control and economic development . But the numbers of people using the Web and cell phones are growing -- and quickly . "  The percentage increases of Internet users in places like Iran , Pakistan and Egypt are astronomical during the past five years , " Aslan said . A recent study by Forrester Research predicted growth rates for Web usage would continue to soar in the region during the next five years . A battle over interpretation Al Shafei , who spoke to CNN by phone from Bahrain , said her Islamic identity was partly shaped by a childhood that included Christian classmates and American and British teachers . She also grew up in a country that was relatively progressive enough to appoint a female Jewish ambassador recently . "  Islam is much more relaxed here , " she said . "  But it does n't mean we 're not good Muslims . " She discovered blogs , and the more she read , the more she grew frustrated with the nature of the dialogue . "  No one was talking to each other , " she said . The conflict between Hezbollah and Israel in 2006 was the turning point for her . "  I was really annoyed by how the Western and Arab media were covering it , " she said . "  Both sides were sticking to the extremes . " She said she started her Web site that year to provide the world -- and media -- a different perspective on Islam . "  We 're not as simplistic as the media would often make of us , " she said . Al Shafei said the Web site 's discussion subjects range from the political to the taboo , including homosexuality , premarital sex and atheism . The anonymity provided by the Web helps foster such discussion , she said . She is , however , careful to avoid talking about some topics , which could get her in trouble . "  I always remind myself that I have my limitations , " she said . "  There are various issues that I am unable to tackle for security reasons . " Al Shafei said she hopes that Web sites such as hers could help fight extremist Islamic groups by defeating their arguments through cultural and religious dialogue . But she concedes there 's catching up to do . "  We have to move faster " because extremist groups are more widespread in traditional media such as newspapers and radio stations , which are still consumed by more people than new media such as Web sites , she said . The extremists ' lure Some extremists are adept at using technology and new media as well . The killings of journalist Daniel Pearl , U.S. businessman Nicholas Berg and Eugene Armstrong , an American contractor working in Iraq , were all recorded and later broadcast on the Web . It 's long been a concern that the Web is being used by extremist groups such as al Qaeda to recruit young Muslims to their cause . However , Bruce Etling , who co-authored recent studies of the Arabic and Persian blogospheres at Harvard University 's Berkman Center for Internet & Society , said he found little evidence of such activity . "  In the Arabic blogosphere we found no specific clusters related to extremism , and when it was discussed , it tended to be in negative terms , " he said . "  It was a counter-narrative we were surprised to find . " There are several possible reasons why , he explained . It 's difficult for extremist groups to maintain a static presence on the Web -- they constantly have to move to avoid being found . Additionally , popular sites such as Facebook have strict terms of usage , which make it difficult for extremist groups -- and their sympathizers -- to build a following . Aslan , who is also the executive editor of the social-networking Web site Mecca.com , said that research has consistently shown that the Internet is not an effective recruiting tool for extremists . He said extremist groups use the Web more as a marketing and communication tool . "  Nobody , absolutely nobody , straps a bomb on their body because they were recruited from the Internet , " he said . "  It takes an enormous amount of personal face-to-face contact and time in order to recruit a young person into the cause of jihad . " The Web and the streets Observers say that like other young people around the world , Muslims mostly use technology such as cell phones and the Web for social and recreational reasons , not political . Jared Cohen traveled through the Middle East from 2004 through 2006 for his book , "  Children of Jihad : A Young American 's Travels Among the Youth of the Middle East . " He joined the U.S. State Department in September , 2006 . He said his travels showed him that the same tools young Muslims are using to socialize also are helping them organize . While at an underground party in Iran a few years ago , he asked the Iranians how they heard about the gathering . They told him that if he were to go to the marketplace during the day and turn on his Bluetooth , he could receive random messages with details on where to go and at what time . Western-style parties and music are prohibited in Iran , so young people hold them secretly to evade security . Cohen said the partygoers were dismissive when asked if they were afraid of the security forces finding out . "  No one over 30 knows what Bluetooth does , " the young Iranians told him . That knowledge and tech savviness played a significant role in the recent protests after the disputed Iranian election . Protesters used Twitter , cell phones and other social-networking tools to organize and spread word of what was happening on the streets . The impact on Islam : A new identity ? The post-election fallout in Iran is one example that portends a broader generational and hierarchical struggle in the Muslim community , some experts say . There are a lot of young Muslims . By some estimates , about 60 percent of Muslims in the Middle East are under the age of 30 . "  What the printing press is to Christianity in the 16th century , that 's what the Internet is doing to Islam now , " Aslan said . "  It has opened up the monopoly over the interpretation of Islam that used to solely belong to the religious class . " Some clerical authorities , well aware of the challenges posed to their influence by the powers of the Web , are becoming more tech savvy and are building a digital presence , Aslan says . But their interpretations and authority increasingly have competition from sites created by young Muslims such as al Shafei and online communities found on Facebook and Twitter . However , emerging technology also could be a force that helps forge a new , more global Islamic identity . Syrian Muslims can now talk to Muslims in Pakistan , Indonesia , the U.S. or Europe . "  During the 20th century , the parents of this generation were struggling to define for themselves some conception of a pan-Arab or pan-Muslim unity , " Aslan said . "  But that was elusive because there are so many things geopolitically that separate the Muslim world . "  With the Internet , those boundaries , those borders are irrelevant . "	The number of young Muslims using the Web is rising , experts say They 're using it to express themselves and connect with others These tools also are providing a way to organize socially and politically
CNN  -- A day after the deadly failed test flight of Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo , there were words of strength in the face of adversity . The pilots ' bravery can not be overstated , Virgin Group Founder Richard Branson said . The goal of commercial spaceflight remains unchanged , he added . But with one pilot 's death , injuries to another and the loss of the aircraft , there are questions that must be answered along with the inspiring words . Virgin Galactic , Branson admitted , will not "  push on blindly . " To that end , a team of 13 to 15 investigators from the National Transportation Safety Board were on site in the Mojave Desert , where the debris from SpaceShipTwo was scattered over a five-mile area . The test aircraft went down about 20 miles northeast of Mojave . "  This was a test flight , and test flights are typically very well-documented in terms of data , " NTSB Acting Chairman Christopher A. Hart said . "  We may have lots of evidence that will help us with the investigative process , and we appreciate that . " While answers for what went wrong with the test flight might be days away , Virgin Galactic and its partner in Mojave , Scaled Composites , identified the pilots at the controls of the aircraft . Michael Tyner Alsbury , 39 , died in the Friday incident . He was the co-pilot , Scaled Composites said . Peter Siebold , 43 , was identified as the pilot who survived the crash . He suffered moderate injuries and was airlifted to Antelope Valley Hospital for treatment , the Kern County Sheriff 's Office said . "  We have not  interviewed him  because doctors did not recommend we do an interview at this stage , " Hart said . The two test pilots had logged many years of flight experience each , according to biographies of the men . Deadly day for space tourism -- but future ` rests ' on such days , official says Deputies first located Siebold , who 'd parachuted to the ground , and later found the body of Alsbury , according to a news release from the Kern County Sheriff . Alsbury worked at Scaled Composites for more than a dozen years and served as a project engineer and test pilot , according to a bio for a 2013 symposium for the Society of Flight Test Engineers . He was the co-pilot for both SpaceShipTwo 's first glide and first powered flight , the bio said , and logged more than 1,600 hours as test pilot and test engineer in Scaled aircraft . He had a degree in aeronautical engineering from California Polytechnic State University in San Luis Obispo , California . Siebold had worked for Scaled Composites since 1996 , according to his biography on the company website , and had 17 years and more than 2,000 hours of flight experience . The company bio said he was responsible for the development of the simulator , avionics/navigation system and ground control system for the SpaceShipOne Program . He participated in flight testing for the scaled model of the 316 SpaceShipOne . Like Alsbury , he obtained a degree in aerospace engineering from California Polytechnic University . ` Bravery of test pilots can not be overstated ' On Saturday , Branson said investigators will find out what caused the Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo to break apart . "  We are determined to find out what went wrong , " he said at a news conference . Branson said everybody knows commercial space travel is "  an incredibly hard project . " "  This is the biggest test program ever carried out in commercial aviation history to ensure that this never happens to the public , " he said . "  The bravery of test pilots can not be overstated . Nobody underestimates the risks involved in space travel . " The company , he said , will not "  push on blindly . " "  To do so would be an insult to all those affected by this tragedy , " he said . "  We 're going to learn from what went wrong , discover how we can improve safety and performance and then move forward together . " When asked about the future of Virgin Galactic , Branson said the company 's goal is still putting people safely into space . "  I think millions of people in the world would love one day to have the chance to go to space , and this is the start of a long program , " he said . Still , he said , the company will gladly give refunds to anybody who had already purchased a flight . Nothing seemed abnormal before incident The first sign there was a problem with Virgin Galactic 's SpaceShipTwo came at about 45,000 feet , just two minutes after the spaceplane separated from the jet-powered aircraft that carried it aloft . It was n't something overt with SpaceShipTwo , said Stuart Witt , the chief executive of Mojave Air & Space Port in California , where it was launched and monitored . It was what did n't happen next during the test flight , he said . Witt did not offer details but appeared to indicate the spaceplane did not follow its previous test-flight patterns . Nothing seemed abnormal during the takeoff or flight before the spaceplane 's failure , Witt told reporters . For years , Virgin Galactic has planned to sell trips in which SpaceShipTwo transports passengers about 62 miles above Earth -- the beginning of outer space -- and lets them experience a few minutes of weightlessness before returning to ground . The incident occurred shortly after SpaceShipTwo separated from WhiteKnightTwo , the vehicle designed to carry it aloft , the Federal Aviation Administration said . The jet-powered WhiteKnightTwo returned safely to the Mojave Air & Space Port , Witt said . Questions are being raised about a new fuel mixture used after Scaled Composites President Kevin Mickey said it had been ground-tested a number of times , but Friday 's flight was the first time it was used in a test flight . It 's unclear what the failure of the spaceplane will mean for the program . Virgin Galactic planned to send paying customers on SpaceShipTwo as early as next year . Virgin has sold more than 700 tickets , each costing more than $ 250,000 , for future flights . Several celebrities have already signed up , including Justin Bieber , Ashton Kutcher , Leonardo DiCaprio and Stephen Hawking . With composite lightweight materials , "  feathered " rudders capable of turning 90 degrees and a hybrid rocket engine , SpaceShipTwo is as safe as modern technology can make it . As designer and aviator Burt Rutan put it in 2008 , "  This vehicle is designed to go into the atmosphere in the worst case straight in or upside down and it 'll correct . " Opinion : The truth about launching spaceships CNN 's Mariano Castillo , Mayra Cuevas , Paul Vercammen , Michael Martinez , Mike Ahlers , Rosalina Nieves , Sonya Hamasaki , Shelby Lin Erdman and Todd Leopold contributed to this report .	Pilot who survived identified as Peter Siebold , 43 , Sheriff 's Office says Authorities identify pilot who died as Michael Tyner Alsbury , 39 Virgin Group founder Richard Branson vows to find out ` what went wrong ' Both pilots worked for Virgin Galactic 's partner , Scaled Composites
CNN  -- Last Monday the cheers and celebration of crowds lining Boylston Street for the Boston Marathon were overwhelmed by the blasts of two bombs . Today , at the moment the bombs went off , silence . A line of Boston police officers extended out across Boylston Street . A horseshoe-shaped group of first responders surrounded the site of one blast . Hundreds of people gathered at nearby intersections . Some wept . Union laborers stood beside police and other Boston residents , their heads bowed , as the city sat eerily quiet until a harp 's song sliced the silence . After that , all that could be heard was the whoosh of the wind . "  It 's a new thing people are going to have to keep in their hearts now , " said local student and Somerville resident Michael Sadler , who joined hundreds gathered at the corner of Hereford and Bolyston streets . "  There 's just a lot of memories on those blocks . But a lot of it does n't make sense . " The rest of the country paid its respects . The New York Stock Exchange went silent as well . So did the president and the U.S. Senate . But Boston has not been silenced by the tragedy . Signs calling for the city to "  stay strong " were scattered throughout the area , as were hundreds of flowers and stuffed animals sporting Red Sox and Bruins T-shirts . A few American flags were attached to the wall of a bank . Outside the six-block zone barricaded by authorities , it was business -- and living -- as usual . People shopped at Prudential Center , strolled through the Back Bay , took the T to Downtown Crossing . The Red Sox are playing at Fenway Park Monday night . Though the grand Boston Public Library , not far away , remained closed , it is scheduled to open Tuesday . The Hub of the Universe does not give up . Last week was a shock to the system . How could it be otherwise ? The sound of the explosions "  was so strong the bar filled up with smoke and chairs tipped over , " one witness told CNN . "  I saw people -- it was like they were on a trampoline literally flying through the air . " Mark Gordon recently moved to a high-rise apartment on Boylston Street and had a perfect view of the marathon from his balcony . It was a glorious day in Boston , the city he 'd lived in for 12 years . He was doing household chores when the first bomb went off . "  I 'll never look out my window the same way again even though it 's been six short days , " Gordon said . The Marathon is usually a 26.2-mile party -- "  the old , drunk uncle of Boston sports , the last of the true festival events , " Massachusetts native and Boston-area resident Charles P. Pierce wrote on Grantland . It used to offer a bowl of beef stew to the winner . More than 100 years into its existence , it remains a celebration of humanity , its route lined with the whole spectrum of life , from little kids to old-timers , coming out to enjoy a sure sign of spring . "  It 's going to be a lot different next year , " said Karen Russell , a Cambridge resident who works in Boston . "  They 'll probably have a lot more security . But it 'll all be different . " The flowers blooming this year are out for a different reason . But , as the Twitter hashtag had it , #BostonStrong . "  Boston is a tough & resilient town , " said one sign near Boylston Street . "  So are its people . "	Boston , nation observe moment of silence a week after bombing City urged to "  stay strong " in aftermath "  It 's going to be a lot different next year , " says one resident
CNN  -- Hawaii state lawmaker Tom Brower was fed up with the state 's homeless problem . His solution , however , left him branded a vigilante . Brower took a sledgehammer to abandoned shopping carts . "  I get a lot of complaints about stolen and abandoned shopping carts in Waikiki , and I was thinking as a public servant , ` What can I do that would be practical and I can literally do overnight , ' " Brower told CNN affiliate KITV . "  I 'm not doing anything different than doing a community cleanup , or what the city 's administration has tried to do with the issue of people illegally camping on the streets , " he insisted . "  I 'm just doing it quicker . " He began in late October and estimated that he destroyed about 30 of the carts , which are often used by homeless people . It 's not advisable  and  not smart , " the state 's homeless coordinator Colin Kippen told KITV . "  It 's mean-spirited and is vigilante justice . " Callers to Brower 's office slammed the lawmaker . "  What if I smash his car up with a sledgehammer 'cause I do n't like what I see , " one caller said , according to CNN affiliate KGMB . Brower decided to stop . "  I guess I should n't use the sledgehammer because it 's a really loaded image , " he told KGMB . Hawaii 's homeless problem The controversy marks the latest chapter in Hawaii 's struggle with homelessness . Hawaii has the highest rate of homeless per capita of any state -- about 45 people out of every 10,000 , according to the Homelessness Research Institute . The only area with a higher rate is Washington , D.C. , at about 113 per 10,000 . Beautiful weather and generous public assistance programs have helped attract people to Hawaii ; very high housing costs have added to the homelessness levels . One homeless man , Kawika Crowley , ran a long-shot campaign for U.S. Congress in November . In August , the state legislature approved a pilot program to offer plane tickets off the islands for some homeless people . "  We 're going to send them back to their family , a strong support network system where they can get back on their feet , " Rep. John Mizuno said at the time , adding that the plan would "  save our taxpayers a substantial amount of money . " New York and San Francisco have paid to relocate thousands of homeless people in recent years . Brower wants to see Hawaii take other steps , as well . "  I believe we should have some type of homeless campground because a lot of people on the streets , either they do n't have the discipline to go to the shelter , or they do n't want to , " he told KITV . CNN 's Casey Wian contributed to this report .	Lawmaker Tom Brower took a sledgehammer to abandoned shopping carts He compared it to "  community cleanup " Hawaii 's homeless coordinator called it "  vigilante justice " Hawaii has the highest per capita rate of homelessness after Washington , D.C.
New York  CNN  -- Routine training exercises turned deadly Saturday morning when two racehorses collided at Belmont Park in New York , killing both animals and injuring one rider , officials told CNN . The incident occurred at a training track at Belmont at about 8 a.m. Six Drivers , a 4-year-old colt , threw his rider and ran into a crowd of horses running in the opposite direction , New York Racing Associating spokesman Eric Wing told CNN . Six Drivers crashed into Caixa Eletronica , a multiple-stakes-winning thoroughbred , killing both horses and injuring Caixa Eletronica 's rider , Carlos Castro , who was taken to a nearby hospital for evaluation , according to a racing association press release . "  This was a freakish tragedy that happens very , very rarely , but it makes it no less unfortunate , " Wing told CNN . Caixa Eletronica suffered a skull fracture and Six Drivers a neck fracture in the incident . The racing association 's chief examining veterinarian said both horses died immediately , according to the press release . Caixa Eletronica was a prolific racer and fan favorite . "  For any horse , it 's horrible . When you hear it 's Caixa Eletronica , it 's magnified , " the horse 's owner , Mike Reople , said in a press release . Caixa Eletronica , a 9-year-old , had a record of 23 wins in 69 lifetime starts , won seven stakes and earned more than $ 1.8 million . Belmont Park is the site of the Belmont Stakes , the annual final race of the Triple Crown .	One horse threw his rider and ran into a crowd of horses going in the opposite direction Six Drivers and Caixa Eletronica died instantly , and a rider was taken to a hospital Caixa Eletronica , a 9-year-old , won seven stakes races and $ 1.8 million in his career
CNN  -- Richie Incognito considered fellow offensive lineman Jonathan Martin a "  little brother , " Miami Dolphins quarterback Ryan Tannehill said Wednesday , saying the team was caught off-guard by Martin 's accusations of misconduct against his teammate . Neither player is with the team now ; Martin left abruptly last week after an incident in the team cafeteria and Incognito was suspended on Sunday after Martin 's representatives reportedly turned over voice mails and texts with racial slurs and threats of violence to the Dolphins and the NFL . But , while they were with the team , the two were good friends . At least in Tannehill 's mind . "  I think if you had asked Jon Martin a week before who his best friend on the team was , he would have said Richie Incognito , " the quarterback told reporters . "  The first guy to stand up for Jonathan if anything went down on the field , any kind of tussle , Richie was the first guy there . When they wanted to hang out ... outside of football , who was together : Richie and Jonathan . So I ca n't , I 'm not in those guys ' shoes . I ca n't explain what 's going on . " Tannehill , a second-year quarterback , said Martin was a quiet guy who made a few jokes but was mostly business . His demeanor remained the same even up to the night he left the team after other players played a prank on him in the dining hall . "  There were no warning signs , " he said . Tannehill said he had exchanged recent texts with Martin , once on the night the offensive tackle left and then on Friday , the day after the Dolphins beat the Bengals . "  I miss being out there , " Martin said , according to Tannehill . The entertainment show omg ! Insider talked to Martin 's father on Wednesday . "  He 's a strong man . He 's doing fine , " Gus Martin said . The league office is investigating Martin 's claims of misconduct . On Wednesday , Commissioner Roger Goodell chose Ted Wells to lead the inquiry . Wells also participated in an investigation into allegations of sexual harassment at Syracuse in 2012 and one that led to a change in the head of the NBA players union earlier this year . "  He has an impeccable reputation and we look forward to fully cooperating with the review , " Dolphins owner Stephen Ross said in a written statement . "  We take this situation seriously . As the owner , I am committed to creating a professional environment for all of the members of the Dolphins family . " Dolphins coach Joe Philbin repeated his assertion that he will institute change if the NFL report finds his staff at fault . "  If the review reveals anything that needs to be corrected we will take all necessary measures to fix it , to ensure that this does n't happen again , " he said . Philbin said he had no comment on a report in the South Florida Sun-Sentinel that Dolphins coaches asked Incognito to help toughen up Martin , a 24-year-old second-year player . "  Jonathan Martin came in here and worked hard every single day , " he said in response to a followup question . The team has n't met to discuss the situation , Tannehill said , but it was widely discussed the first few days by players in the cafeteria and in the locker room . The allegations of bullying and racially charged language were "  mind-blowing " to the team , he said . As a quarterback and a team leader he would have done something if he saw something that crossed the line , he said . No one knew there was a situation to be stopped , he added . Incognito , a nine-year veteran , treated Martin like a "  little brother . " "  He gave him a hard time , he messed with him , but he was the first one there to have his back in any situation , " Tannehill said . Offensive tackle Tyson Clabo said the two were "  thick as thieves . " "  They went out together , they hung out together , " he said . "  They did a lot of stuff together , so if  Martin  had a problem with the way that  Incognito  was treating him , he had a funny way of showing it . " Incognito , 30 , has only said a few words since he was suspended . "  You know , I 'm just trying to weather the storm right now . And this will pass , " he told CNN affiliate WSVN outside a doctor 's office in Weston , Florida , on Tuesday . Incognito said he did n't want to comment on media reports that he sent Martin voice mails containing racial slurs and threats of physical violence . When asked about his status with the team , Incognito closed the door to his BMW without answering and drove away . ESPN , NFL.com and other media outlets reported that representatives for Martin on Sunday submitted the voice mails and texts to the league and the Dolphins . One of the messages , from April , contained a reference to Martin 's biracial background , according to ESPN 's sources . "  Hey , wassup , you half  expletive  piece of  expletive  . I saw you on Twitter , you been training 10 weeks . I 'll  expletive  in your  expletive  mouth . I 'm gon na slap your  expletive  mouth , I 'm gon na slap your real mother across the face  laughter  .  Expletive  you , you 're still a rookie . I 'll kill you . " Martin remains on the team 's roster while Incognito is on the suspended list . CNN reached out multiple times to representatives for each player but has n't received comment . Richie Incognito , Jonathan Martin , and the NFL 's future CNN 's Ed Lavandera and Quand Thomas contributed to this report .	NEW : Team is taking situation seriously , will cooperate with NFL 's investigation Father says Jonathan Martin is a strong man , doing fine Quarterback says Incognito messed with Martin , but also came to his aid Coach has no comment on report team asked Incognito to toughen up Martin
CNN  -- In a show of adoration , a small group of Jenni Rivera 's fans waited outside Long Beach Airport , as the plane carrying the music star 's remains landed late Thursday . They greeted members of her family with applause and condolences as they exited the airport . Another group of fans gathered at an impromptu altar in front of Rivera 's mother 's home in Lakewood . A hearse ferried Rivera 's body through dark streets , escorted by at least three police cruisers , to All Souls Mortuary , according to CNN affiliate KCAL . The singer was killed Sunday when the plane she was aboard plummeted from 28,000 feet , Mexico 's transportation secretary said . The private jet crashed in a mountainous area 9,000 feet above sea level . The remains of Rivera 's publicist and the plane 's co-pilot have also been identified , said Jorge Domene , a spokesman for Mexico 's Nuevo Leon state . The cause of the crash is under investigation . Two lawsuits against the company that owns the jet accuse the firm of lying about its links to a businessman convicted of falsifying maintenance records . Rivera had left a letter for her loved ones and gave instructions to her sister Rosie regarding the circumstances under which it should be read , her brother Pedro Jr. told CNN en Espa  ol on Wednesday . He said the letter stipulated that she did not want to be cremated , as the family had originally planned to do , and that the authorities should hand over her remains to her siblings . "  Jenni always had advisers who helped her to work and to make things right , " he said . "  She prepared a letter about a month , month and a half ago . " He added that funeral plans had not been finalized but that a memorial would probably be held in Mexico . The accident report will not be ready for nine months to a year , the secretary of communications and transportation said . Rivera , 43 , is mourned by millions of fans . She and six others were thought to be aboard the plane , which lost contact with air traffic controllers soon after takeoff . Known as "  La Diva de la Banda " or the Diva of Banda Music , Rivera was a musical powerhouse with her Spanish-language performances of regional Mexican corridos , or ballads . For fans , the nickname captured her powerful voice and personal strength . In recent years , she had been working to break into the English-language U.S. market and was reportedly on the verge of a crossover with a sitcom inspired by the success of "  I Love Jenni , " a Spanish-language reality TV show on Telemundo 's mun2 network . Rivera sold 15 million records , according to Billboard , and had recently won two Billboard Music Awards , including favorite Mexican music female artist . In October , People en Espa  ol added her to its list of the 25 most powerful women . CNN 's Nelson Quinones contributed to this report	NEW : Rivera 's remains were repatriated to the United States The remains of Rivera 's publicist and the plane 's co-pilot also were identified A memorial will likely be held in Mexico , but plans are not yet final Rivera 's letter says she does not want to be cremated
Raqqa was , a matter of months ago , one of Syria 's most liberal cities . Now locals call it Tora Bora . They say it 's as if the Taliban of Afghanistan have taken over . After months of bombardment by the regime and a chaotic lack of control by weak and divided moderate rebels , al Qaeda have found a broken society , made it their home , and imposed on it hardline Islamist law . Each morning , activists told us , they seem to awake to a more conservative city . The "  Bayanaat " or rulings sometimes appear on town walls . Many limit women 's rights -- to walk alone , to style or show their hair . Other edicts come by word of mouth -- no smoking , no cameras . Behind them are often foreign jihadists from the al Qaeda linked militant group the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria , or ISIS . The fear that now grips the city can be felt in the shocking bruises on Adnan 's body . Adnan , whose name has been changed out of fears for his safety , was behind some graffiti in Raqqa that told ISIS to get out . They caught him filming too , and dragged him into the burned-out ruins of a church they had torched and labeled as a new ISIS base . Adnan was then taken to a nearby basement where the torture started . "  Every 15 minutes , someone poured water on me , electrocuted me , kicked me , then walked out , " he said . But his own pain , he said , he could handle , as his body eventually went numb . It was hearing the pain and the screams of other prisoners he knew that was the hardest . "  When a person is tortured in front of you , you feel responsible . That 's the hardest . One guy still inside used to call me Dad as I taught him about democracy , " he said . One ISIS video -- part of a high-definition , heavily produced social media channel that displays their ideals and exploits -- shows their militants driving through Raqqa at night . They pass a poster , put up by ISIS , encouraging women to wear the Islamic hijab or partial veil , to "  cover their beauty " . The militants ' goal , though , is reaching a cafe where they tell patrons smoking will be banned . Another video shows them burning not only marijuana , but also large numbers of cigarette cartons . Another shows an ISIS teacher -- his face blurred -- with a group of schoolchildren , all wearing ISIS 's distinctive black headbands . It is extraordinarily dangerous to film inside Raqqa . Activists have been beaten and jailed by ISIS for doing so . But CNN has gathered rare video from some activists and from ISIS 's own websites that paint a chilling picture of the rapid lurch towards radical Islamist ideology in a city now under ISIS control . Dozens of interviews with activists and Syrians have also detailed the story of a city where women -- along with the previously liberal lifestyle of an entire town -- are being rapidly suppressed by militants bent on establishing an Islamic caliphate across northern Syria . One female activist said : "  They are closing hair salons , women ca n't go out at certain times . They spat on one girl for disobedience . It 's like Afghanistan . Now people call Raqqa Tora Bora . " The speed of change has overwhelmed many who notice that the city is becoming quieter and more conservative each week . ISIS first came into town on May 15 , and swiftly executed men they accused of working for the regime . At first , they seemed an Islamist but better-organized alternative to the rebels who had failed to bring governance or peace to the city for months . But slowly a broader agenda emerged and began to gather pace each week , activists told CNN . Rebels who opposed ISIS were at first jailed , sparking protests . Yet ISIS became increasingly uncompromising in their grip on the town . Rules for social conduct in Raqqa , some written and some not , have emerged in the past few weeks . They have yet to reach the extent of those seen in the nearby town of Jarablus -- where one poster recently warned thieves would have their hand chopped off -- but locals fear that could come soon . Anti-ISIS dissent has been silenced in Raqqa , and many activists and locals we spoke to have fled the town . Some stay and spray-paint graffiti declaring that ISIS and Syrian President Bashar al-Assad are the same , or telling ISIS to get out . Locals note the irony in the fact that ISIS beats them for this graffiti , just in the same way that the Assad regime was accused of torturing young people for anti-government graffiti in the southern town of Daraa -- an incident that began the revolution in March 2011 . For many , ISIS is now something worse than the regime . Is Al Qaeda taking over northern Syria ? How jihadis are being smuggled through Turkey Syrian rebels embrace Sharia law	Raqqa , one of Syria 's most liberal cities , has been seized by al Qaeda-backed militants Fear has gripped the town as militants have imposed hardline Islamic laws in recent months Women 's rights have been curtailed and many activists and locals have fled the town Activist : "  It 's like Afghanistan . Now people call Raqqa Tora Bora . "
CNN  -- Forget serious discussion about the future of America . On social media -- from the snark-centric world of Twitter to the picture 's - worth-1 ,000 - insults pages of Tumblr -- it 's an ill-timed slip of the tongue that fires folks ' political passions . And Republican presidential nominee Mitt Romney served up a doozy Tuesday night with a weird turn of phrase that instantly launched "  binders full of women " into the Internet 's lexicon . First , some context . When Romney and President Barack Obama were asked at Tuesday 's town hall debate what they would do to address salary equity issues for women , Romney instead told a story from when he was governor of Massachusetts . He said he was considering applicants for his Cabinet and noticed that almost all of them were men . So , the story goes , he made a point of recruiting women for the posts . "  And -- and so we -- we took a concerted effort to go out and find women who had backgrounds that could be qualified to become members of our Cabinet , " he said . "  I went to a number of women 's groups and said , ` Can you help us find folks , ' and they brought us whole binders full of women . " Mere seconds later , commentary on the wording , which conjures up images of little black books or women literally being crammed into notebooks , was lighting up the Web -- and the Trapper Keeper 's role in the 2012 election had begun . Funniest tweets on the second presidential debate "  Binders full of women is what they find in a serial killer 's apartment , " zinged Adam Sternbergh of New York Times magazine . "  Fonzie had binders of women too #debate #littleblackbook , " added comedian Steve Agee . Among social media 's finer binder creations : Tumblr -- Forget Obama 's perceived comeback . The real winner of this debate was the "  Binders Full of Women " Tumblr account . As a repository for the Web 's wit , the quickly crafted page acted as home base for images goofing on the phrase . Favorites ? Celebrity chef Paula Deen riding a Trapper Keeper like a rodeo cowgirl and a Photoshopped Beyonce singing , "  If you liked it then you should have put three rings on it . " Twitter : The first presidential debate gave us Fired Big Bird and Big Bird Romney . The vice presidential tilt spawned Laughing Joe Biden . And this one was no different . Long before Tuesday 's debate was over , Romney 's Binder was tweeting away . Among its greatest hits : "  No comment on the rumors that Bill Clinton has already asked to borrow me . " Facebook -- It only took minutes for a handful of "  Binders Full of Women " pages to spring up on the billion-strong site . One had more than 291,000 likes on Wednesday afternoon . A Facebook group with about 4,000 members provided offerings including a riff on "  Dirty Dancing "  "  No one puts baby in a binder "  . Website -- BindersFullOfWomen.com is quite a bit more serious than the rest of the field . Registered through GoDaddy on Tuesday night less than two minutes after Romney uttered the words , the site is funded by the liberal American Bridge political action committee . The already well-populated site addresses a host of women 's issues , from domestic violence to health care .	Romney 's "  binders full of women " remark delights social media world Twitter , Tumblr , Facebook responded to odd debate phrase in mere moments Big Bird , Laughing Joe Biden joined on Twitter by Romney 's Binder "  Binders Full of Women " URL grabbed just minutes after Romney spoke
CNN  -- A new social media campaign hopes to harness the power of celebrities and a Bob Marley song to help bring awareness to the thousands suffering from the famine in the Horn of Africa . The "  I 'm Gon na Be Your Friend " campaign , which kicks off Tuesday , is named for a line in Marley 's 1973 song "  High Tide Or Low Tide . " It uses the song as the soundtrack to a short film on the East African crisis directed by award-winning director Kevin MacDonald . Among MacDonald 's movies is the critically acclaimed "  Last King of Scotland . " Prominent celebrities -- such as Eminem , Rihanna , Lady Gaga and Britney Spears -- have pledged to promote the film by posting it on their Facebook pages or offering links on their Twitter feeds . The video is also on sale , with proceeds going to Save The Children . "  With over 150 global stars already signed up and more joining by the hour , the combined total of their fans and followers on the social networks is over 700 hundred million people , " the campaign said . "  This huge number will not only help raise awareness of the scale of the crisis but also vital funds for those suffering in the region . " Twelve million people are facing a hunger crisis in the Horn of Africa . Somalia has been hardest hit . "  Not one child should be denied food nor water . Not one child should suffer . Along with Save the Children , we must stand up together as friends to put a stop to this , to feed our children and to save their lives , " said Rita Marley , Marley 's wife .	The campaign is named for a line in the Marley song "  Hide Tide Or Low Tide " Artists like Eminem and Lady Gaga have pledged to promote the film Proceeds will go to aid group Save the Children to help famine victims
CNN  -- More than 6 million Americans signed up for Obamacare before the March 31 deadline to get private health insurance through the Affordable Care Act exchanges . This is great news for the Obama administration . But there are millions more reasons to celebrate Obamacare . Actually , at the writing of this essay , there are more than 317 million reasons -- because that 's the population of the United States of America and every single one of us can benefit from health care reform . How ? Here 's a rundown by the numbers : 3.1 million That 's how many young adults can get coverage because of the provision in Obamacare that allows them to stay on their parents ' insurance plans until age 26 . 105 million That 's how many Americans no longer have lifetime expense caps , whether it 's because they have chronic illnesses or because their insurance company set restrictive policies . 6.1 million That 's how many Americans with Medicare Part D no longer have to go through the "  doughnut hole " coverage gap . This means seniors can save more than $ 5.7 billion on prescription drugs . 3.2 million That 's the number of small businesses estimated to be eligible for tax credits for providing health insurance to their 19.3 million employees nationwide , credits worth $ 15.4 billion in 2011 alone . 4.4 million That 's how many low-income adults will now have access to health insurance thanks to states implementing the expansion of Medicaid under Obamacare ; an additional 5.8 million poor adults would be included in this count if 25 mostly Republican-led states were n't refusing Medicaid expansion . 50 to 129 million That 's how many people will benefit from the Obamacare provision that eliminates all bars for coverage based on pre-existing conditions . Studies say that anywhere from 19 % to 50 % of non-elderly Americans have health conditions that could qualify as pre-existing conditions . 49.4 million That 's how many current Medicare enrollees can feel secure knowing that , under Obamacare , existing Medicare benefits can neither be reduced nor taken away . 317 million -- That 's how many Americans -- i.e. , all of us -- potentially benefit from the requirement that insurance companies provide flu shots , HIV screenings , prostate exams , mammograms and FDA-approved contraception for free , without a co-pay . -- Plus , we all benefit from new requirements that insurance companies must spend at least 80 % of our premium dollars on our health care as opposed to marketing or administration . -- We all benefit from the new requirement that insurance companies publicly justify their actions if they want to raise premiums by 10 % or more . -- We all benefit from knowing that our insurance can now never be capped or canceled at the whim of insurance companies . As high quality care is maintained while costs may go down because of improved coverage and access , we all benefit from a more affordable and effective health care system . What about , you ask , the estimated 4.7 million Americans who lost their current insurance plans during the rollout of Obamacare ? Well , according to a congressional report , 2.35 million or so can take advantage of the Obama administration 's decision to grandfather those plans through 2014 . Another 1.4 million qualify for Medicaid expansion or subsidies in the Obamacare exchanges . On top of that , the Obama administration has agreed that a "  hardship exemption " built into health care reform for any American facing major challenges in complying with the law would be interpreted to include those whose policies had been canceled . In other words , they wo n't be penalized . When Republicans rolled out stories of alleged Obamacare victims , the details were usually debunked in some way . The truth is that many of the canceled plans were no longer legal under Obamacare because they neither covered the basic things insurance should cover or , worse , were dangerously designed to explode the minute the insured got sick : what Consumer Reports has called "  junk insurance . " Arguing that people should be able to keep these plans is like arguing that people should still be allowed to drive defective Chevy Cobalts or cars without seat belts . Like it or not , the government 's job is to help keep us safe and insurance companies that were peddling shoddy products were doing the opposite . Polls show most Americans want to keep Obamacare and work to fix it rather than replace or get rid of health care reform altogether . And there 's much to suggest support for Obamacare would be even higher were it not for constant Republican attacks and misinformation about the law . After all , when Americans find out what specific provisions are included in Obamacare , they overwhelmingly support them . Eighty percent support the extension of dependent coverage , 79 % support closing the Medicare "  doughnut hole , " 77 % support eliminating out-of-pocket costs for preventive services , 74 % support the expansion of Medicaid . These Obamacare components are even supported by a majority of Republicans . And it 's still early . As more Americans access private health insurance choices through the exchange marketplace , receive care minus the discrimination and dirty tricks that insurance companies could get away with in the past , we 'll see more people getting the medicine they need , screened for cancer sooner in more treatable stages and pay less for good care . Every day , as we all see the benefits of health care reform in our lives , support for Obamacare will grow stronger . Before long , not even the most partisan Republicans will be able to attack it .	Sally Kohn : There are more than 317 million reasons to celebrate Obamacare Kohn : With 6 million sign-ups , the young , poor , elderly and chronically ill all benefit She says Americans want to keep Obamacare and fix it rather than get rid of it Kohn : Over time , not even the most partisan Republicans will be able to attack it
Harare , Zimbabwe  CNN  -- A court in Zimbabwe sentenced former U.S. Rep. Melvin Reynolds to a $ 100 fine or five days in prison , coupled with immediate deportation , after he pleaded guilty Friday to flouting the country 's immigration laws . Reynolds ' attorney , Arthur Gurira , told CNN that his client intended to pay the fine Saturday morning when the former congressman should be released . He then faces deportation . A magistrates ' court cleared Reynolds of a second charge of being found in possession of pornographic material after the prosecution failed to produce authority from the prosecutor-general to proceed with the case . Reynolds was arrested Monday in Zimbabwe . He reportedly entered the country in November on a 14-day visa , which was only renewed once and has expired . Police sources said the former Democratic congressman refused to reveal passwords to encrypted files , which officials said contained pornographic material . Reynolds was first elected to represent Illinois ' 2nd Congressional District in 1992 . He resigned three years later , shortly after his conviction on charges of criminal sexual assault , obstruction of justice and solicitation of child pornography in a case stemming from his relationship with a 16-year-old campaign worker .	NEW : Attorney : Ex-lawmaker will pay $ 100 fine rather than spend five days in prison Ex-Rep . Melvin Reynolds sentenced for breaking Zimbabwe 's immigration laws The court in Zimbabwe also orders his deportation from the country A charge of being in possession of pornographic material is dropped
San Diego  CNN  -- What do zombies and androids have in common ? They 're almost human , but not quite . That disconnect is creepy , in a way that scientists are searching to understand . The uncanny valley is the idea that as a robot 's appearance becomes more and more humanlike , we do n't always respond to it more positively . Rather , there 's a point on the scale between robot and human where we are repulsed . If it 's mechanical but not entirely human , a robot seems disturbing . Why would that be ? It would make sense that as human likeness increases in a robot , so would our comfort with it . But on a graph showing that relationship , there 's a "  valley " where this familiarity dips down into creepiness , and then comes back up again with more human characteristics . You may have experienced feeling this while watching animated movies that incorporate humanlike forms . It 's also the reason that you might get freaked out by clowns or by photos of people with extreme plastic surgeries who do n't look quite real anymore . Our brains come to an impasse when we see something that resembles a member of our species but just does n't make the cut . Meet the huggable , semi-robotic and semi-creepy pillow phone Some animators sidestep the issue : in the movie "  WALL-E , " for example , the main character has eyes but is not very humanlike otherwise ; he is clearly a robot . His friend , EVE , looks like a white shape with eyes . Both express emotions clearly but do n't try to mimic the human shape or form . And HAL 9000 from "  2001 : A Space Odyssey " is just a red camera eye , but it too conveys feelings . But when you get more humanlike , things get weird . Some reviewers were put off by the characters in the film "  Polar Express , " for instance . Then there are the Na ` vi in "  Avatar , " who have many physical human characteristics in addition to morphed features and tails . But they are also blue , creating a sense of "  otherness " that may have made them less distasteful to viewers -- in other words , they were sufficiently un-human . Ayse Saygin , professor at the University of California , San Diego , is using cutting-edge brain science to understand this strange quirk of human nature . Although the idea of the uncanny valley has been observed , there has not been much rigorous scientific experimental work on it , partly because it 's hard to get at the heart of the matter objectively . "  Even if we do n't actually define it in words , we may be able to find signals for it in the brain , " Saygin said . Saygin and colleagues published a study last year using functional magnetic resonance imagining  fMRI  , looking at what 's happening in the brain that might explain the uncanny valley phenomenon . They hypothesized that , at least in part , the effect might result from a violation of the brain 's predictions . When we anticipate one thing but see another , we get an error , and that error makes us shy away from the thing we 're viewing . The researchers showed 20 participants some video clips of three "  actors " moving in the same ways : a human , an android modeled after the human , and a stripped-down robot  the same android without its humanlike form  . Although this is a small sample of people , it is typical for neuroimaging studies , which are expensive and time-intensive . Something interesting emerged in the results : "  The network that normally processes your body movements is more active when you view an android , " compared with when you look at a stripped-down robot or a human , Saygin explains . This could be because the brain has to combine conflicting information , she said . "  Your brain 's gon na be like , ` Hey , wait a minute , you told me this was a human , and now this area told me that this is not moving like a human . So , I have to really compute that , ' " she said . "  That 's what we think the uncanny valley might be partially caused by , and we have seen some brain activity that looks like that . " The uncanny valley phenomenon was put forth in an article in "  Energy " in 1970 by Japanese robotics expert Masahiro Mori . But before that , Ernst Jentsch wrote about "  the uncanny " in a 1906 essay , and Sigmund Freud followed up 13 years later . Yet the idea is largely based on anecdotes , and researchers such as Karl MacDorman , associate professor of human-computer interaction at Indiana University , are working on experiments to hone in on possible explanations . MacDorman briefly worked with Saygin in Japan . Roboticist sees improvisation through machine 's eyes In his view , the uncanny valley effect has to do with a mismatch in features of a single animation or robot , with some parts appearing much more humanlike than others . For instance , when a very human-looking head is placed on an obviously mechanical body , that can be creepy . So can a human face with robotic eyes . "  When there are elements that are both human or nonhuman , this mismatch can produce an eerie sensation in the brain , " MacDorman said . "  It 's when different parts of the brain are coming to different conclusions at the same time . " There are other factors that may play in , however . The uncanny valley effect could have to do with uncertainty about whether a robotic character is truly alive or dead , and even play into our deep-seated fears of death . Alternatively , it may be part of cognitive dissonance , which happens when a person 's beliefs are not in line with their behaviors -- for instance , a smoker who berates other smokers . From an evolutionary perspective , humans have developed an aversion to sickness , and a creepy-looking almost-human might tap into our internal system that warns us against sources of disease . In relation , we evolved to choose mates who are healthy , and weird robots may set off the same warning bells that told our ancestors to stay away from unfit sexual partners . MacDorman 's current focus is on the uncanny valley with respect to empathy : that is , is the uncanny valley phenomenon related to a person 's difficulty in identifying with particular computer-animated or robotic characters in films ? Does it relate to the impression that these characters are somehow "  soulless , " and in what ways ? Saygin 's ongoing studies make use of electroencephalography , or EEG , which measures electrical activity along the scalp . While fMRI tells where in the brain activity occurs , EEG is better for looking at when -- that is , when in viewing agents with different degrees of humanness do people 's brain patterns change . EEG is also much more portable and less expensive . Rather than a big scanner , it involves a cap worn on a person 's head . Researchers may be able to understand the EEG patterns associated with the uncanny valley effect , and people 's comfort with various robotic forms . Eventually , this information could be used to help robot developers or animators who do n't want their creations to scare people . Charming , compelling social robots and their creators "  Instead of asking somebody , ` Do you like this robot ? ' we could get that information a lot more directly , and faster perhaps , if we can develop these technologies , " she said . Have you ever experienced the uncanny valley effect ? Share your thoughts in the comments .	Uncanny valley phenomenon : When humanlike forms make us uncomfortable This may be pronounced when some features are human and others not Brain imaging and EEG are being used to study the uncanny valley
CNN  -- HBO and the "  Game of Thrones " producers have apologized for comments made on the season one DVD about a prosthetic head that looks suspiciously like our nation 's 43rd President . In the commentary , show creators David Benioff and D.B. Weiss admit that George W. Bush 's likeness appears in a scene in which King Joffrey shows Sansa Stark her dead dad 's head on a stick .  Check it out on io9.com  . The alleged Dubya noggin is the last one on the left  $ " and he 's sporting some pretty bad hair . "  It 's not a choice , not a political statement ! " one of the writers say during the commentary . "  We just had to use what heads we had around . " Once news of the Bush head hit the internet , HBO released this statement : "  We were deeply dismayed to see this and find it unacceptable , disrespectful and in very bad taste . We made this clear to the executive producers of the series who apologized immediately for this inadvertent careless mistake . We are sorry this happened and will have it removed from any future DVD production . " The producing duo released their own , too : "  We use a lot of prosthetic body parts on the show : heads , arms , etc. . We ca n't afford to have these all made from scratch , especially in scenes where we need a lot of them , so we rent them in bulk . After the scene was already shot , someone pointed out that one of the heads looked like George W. Bush . In the DVD commentary , we mentioned this , though we should not have . We meant no disrespect to the former President and apologize if anything we said or did suggested otherwise . " On the DVD , one of the writers claims that the Bush head appears in a "  couple of beheading scenes . " See full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Game of Thrones " creators admit that George W. Bush 's likeness appears in a scene HBO statement : "  We were deeply dismayed to see this and find it unacceptable " Company says it will be removed from future DVDs
Talk about a vast , isolated island wilderness . Michigan 's Isle Royale , one of the few island national parks in the United States , is nestled in the northwest corner of Lake Superior , encompassing 850 square miles of road-less backcountry and water accessible only by a three-hour ferry ride or seaplane . It 's so big it has its own lake , Siskiwit Lake . The lake also has its own island , Ryan Island . That makes Ryan Island the largest island on the largest lake on the largest island on the largest freshwater lake in the world . In other words , Isle Royale is a destination . It 's not on the way to anything , which makes for special kinds of visitors , park ranger Lucas Westcott said . The average stay is three to four days , compared with just a few hours in other national parks , Westcott said . Repeat visitors return each season to explore the park 's 165 miles of hiking trails , coastlines , bays and inlets , red sand beaches and rocky shores . The people who visit Isle Royale really want to be there . "  When people come here , it 's deeply personal to them , " Westcott said . "  For most people who come here , it gets in your blood and you ca n't stop , and that 's a remarkable environment for me to do what I do . " Park stats : Isle Royale was established as a national park in April 1940 . The yearly number of visitors to Isle Royale is around 16,500 . Location : Isle Royale is in the northwest corner of Lake Superior . It 's accessible by boat or seaplane from points in Michigan and Minnesota . If you go : There is a user fee of $ 4 per day for park visitors ages 12 and older . There are also fees for the four ferries and one seaplane service and other services at the park . Also required : a backcountry/camping permit if you stay overnight in the campgrounds , at dock or anchor out . The park closes for the winter . Meet our ranger : Westcott is no stranger to geographic isolation . He spent part of his childhood in a home his parents built on a mountain in Stephentown , New York , before moving around the rural environs of western Massachusetts . His run with the National Park Service began with a 2001 college internship at South Dakota 's Badlands National Park museum , cataloging fossils and museum artifacts . After completing a master 's degree in forestry , he was volunteering at the Lincoln Home National Historic Site when a fellow ranger showed him pictures of other parks where he had worked . One was Isle Royale . Its size and location instantly intrigued Westcott . A few years later , he 's living his dream of working there . For a day trip , do n't miss : Stoll Trail . Named for journalist Albert Stoll , who campaigned to get the island 's preserved status , the 4.3-mile loop begins at Rock Harbor on the eastern side of the island and brings visitors to Scoville Point and back . The trail winds back and forth between forest and shoreline , offering stunning views of Scoville Lake , craggy bluffs and barrier islands . Favorite less-traveled spot : Malone Bay , mainly because of the effort it takes to get there . There 's only one nine-mile trail that takes visitors there and back , but it 's worth the journey for the gorgeous views of Siskiwit Lake , Westcott said . There are also nice campgrounds and a dock for fishing . Favorite spot to view wildlife : Spotting wildlife throughout the park seems to be by luck , not design , Westcott said . For example , no one had seen the pine marten weasel for decades when it suddenly appeared a few years ago . "  If you 're quiet while hiking , it might happen , " he said . "  It 's part of what makes it really personal for visitors . " Most magical moment in the park : The first day he arrived , Westcott sat on the dock by Ranger III , the largest ferry servicing Isle Royale , and realized just how quiet it was . "  You become more attuned to what 's going on around you , " he said . Ranger 's favorite other park to visit : Wilson 's Creek Battlefield National Battlefield in Missouri , the site of the first major Civil War battle west of the Mississippi River and one of the best preserved battlefields in the country . Visitors can follow a loop trail to see how the battle unfolded , Westcott said . What 's your favorite national park and why ? Please share in the comments section below .	Isle Royale is one of the few island national parks in the United States The park offers 850 square miles of backcountry hiking and camping It 's accessible by boat or seaplane from points in Michigan and Minnesota
CNN  -- It was certainly an unprecedented surprise when Saudi Arabia announced -- on 18 October , only a day after its election to one of the 10 rotating seats on the U.N. Security Council -- that it was turning down the chance to participate in the world 's top forum for discussion of international issues . After all , the last few years have , if anything , seen an increase in Saudi Arabia 's international profile -- particularly as a member of the G20 -- and in its regional activism . Traditionally , Saudis have preferred to work behind the scenes to promote their vision of regional stability , and to push back against what they see as the growing Iranian threat . They have been the leading proponent of greater Gulf Cooperation Council cohesion -- sometimes labelled as a "  circling of the Sunni wagons " -- and they have recently ensured that a Saudi Arabian will take the top slot at the Jeddah-based Organisation of Islamic Cooperation . Moreover , all the signs had been that they had seriously prepared for their role on the Security Council , including training their New York team in how best to make an impact . So what happened ? The Saudi statement turning down the seat spoke of international double standards and the international community 's failure to resolve key conflicts , homing in on the Syria crisis , the long-running sore of the Palestinian issue , and the failure to achieve a Middle East free of weapons of mass destruction . The Saudis demanded reforms to the Security Council , and said they would refrain from membership until that body was capable of discharging its responsibilities to maintain international peace and security . Of course , many countries outside the magic circle of the Permanent Five  the UK , U.S. , France , Russia and China  have wanted to see Security Council reform , and some of the P5 countries have themselves worried that the Council 's failure to reflect changing patterns of world power -- and the wider ability to open up the government of international bodies to new players -- will inevitably eat into the legitimacy and credibility of the U.N. And there is no mistaking the anger , however generally slow-burning , in Saudi Arabia and other parts of the Arab world about the international community 's failure to resolve the Palestinian issue and achieve the establishment of the long talked about Palestinian state . That ire is particularly focused on the West , above all Washington , and is driven by a sharp sense of Western double standards . How can it be , the Saudis ask , that the West supports self-determination and democracy everywhere except when it comes to the Palestinians ? Given the extent of U.S. aid to Israel , surely if the Americans were serious the leverage exists to persuade the Israelis to make concessions ? And how come Barack Obama talked such a good talk in his Cairo speech at the start of his first term , only to fail so spectacularly to deliver ? Not far below the surface there is also a sense of Saudi vulnerability . The Kingdom is , after all , an ally of the West , especially when it comes to anything connected with Iran . So they feel particularly uncomfortable when the Iranians claim to be the leading flag-wavers of the Palestinian cause , with the message to the Arab street that Arab leaders are in hock with the West and only playing lip service to that cause , or have even betrayed it . The Saudis may generally be pragmatic international players , but there is no doubt that the Palestinian cause is for them a sacred one , and that they care deeply about the fate of Jerusalem and the Haram al-Sharif in particular . While one can also point to Saudi unhappiness with Western policy towards Egypt , it seems clear that it is above all the Saudi sense of Western failure over Syria which has driven their decision , as it did when Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud declined to address this year 's U.N. General Assembly . At the start of the Syrian crisis , the Saudis hoped that President Bashar al-Assad would go far enough to meet the demands of the Syrian people so as to avoid a crisis . When Assad -- never in any case one of their heroes -- chose repression instead , there was no mistaking the note of genuine moral outrage which came from the very top of the Saudi system , from King Abdullah himself . The Saudi argument that steps should be taken to arm the Syrian opposition was driven by a belief that those being oppressed had a right to self-defence . But they were also keen to prevent a further hardening of the " ` Shia Crescent " stretching from Iran via Iraq and Syria to Lebanon and Hezbollah . I believe nevertheless that they have tried to target their assistance towards non-extremist groups , having learnt better than almost anyone else the lesson of Afghan resistance against the Soviets -- that arms in the wrong al Qaeda hands will one day become a threat to the Kingdom itself . It is however also hard to guarantee in whose hands weapons will end up in such murky situations . From a Saudi perspective , the message the West and above all the Americans have sent through their handling of the chemical weapons crisis is that it is has lost the will to get tough  a message which they think will not have been lost on the Iranians  ; that it lacks consistency  not all that long ago Western spokesmen would say that Assad was toast , and now even Kerry is praising his government for its cooperation with the OPCW inspectors  ; that it is not concerned about the strategic consequences of the conflict and the risk of refugee flows and other pressures destabilizing Lebanon , Jordan and Iraq ; and that it lacks morality . Surely , they would argue , the signal conveyed to Assad is that it is acceptable to shoot protesters , but not to use sarin against them . They remain to be convinced that the West will put in a serious effort to achieve a result at the Geneva II conference now scheduled for late November . They worry too -- inevitably , and ironically like Israel -- that Western limpness on the Syrian agenda prefigures a willingness to accept a less than satisfactory deal with Iran , cutting Tehran too much slack in the regional strategic equation . It could -- and I think should -- have been argued that the Saudis would have done better to make their voice heard in the Security Council . But the shock decision has certainly sent their allies a strong , and public , message about their feeling of betrayal . And it is a message to which the West should listen , if only in engaging with the Saudis in a more sustained and strategic way . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Tom Phillips .	Saudi Arabia blasts U.N. Security Council , rejects offer to join Phillips : Saudis are deeply dissatisfied with U.N. 's handling of regional issues Phillips : Saudis disappointed with U.N. 's failure to resolve Syria , Palestinian crisis Saudis also worried that limp response to Syria will lead to capitulation with Iran
Euro 2012 hosts Ukraine and Poland have told CNN World Sport a documentary accusing football fans from both nations of racism was "  unbalanced and biased . " An investigation by UK television channel the BBC featured right-wing supporters from both countries displaying racist and anti-Semitic attitudes . Footage also appeared to show soccer fans at a match in Ukraine targeting Asian supporters with violence . Former England defender Sol Campbell warned fans not to travel to Poland or Ukraine after seeing the pictures and questioned why both countries were awarded the tournament in the first place . Are Poland and Ukraine ready to host festival of football ? But speaking to CNN World Sport , representatives from the governments of Ukraine and Poland said the show was misleading . "  What was aired , in my personal opinion , is unbalanced and biased reporting about the situation in Ukraine , " Volodymyr Khandogiy , Ukraine 's ambassador to the UK , said . "  I would like to say we do not in Ukraine have a problem of that magnitude as it appeared on the screen . "  Racism and racial ideology is against the law and if those young fans were shouting anything close to Nazi slogans they would have been prosecuted . Racism , rather than Ronaldo and Ribery , dominates Euro 2012 storylines "  Ukraine is very well known for its tolerance and it has a long history of living together with other nationalities . In our national football championship , roughly half of all the players are from Asian , African and Brazilian countries . " The Panorama episode broadcast footage filmed at matches in both Poland and Ukraine that purported to show fans displaying Nazi salutes in the stands and aiming monkey chants at black players . Family members of two players in the England squad -- Arsenal pair Theo Walcott and Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain -- have already said they wo n't be going to the tournament due to fears over racism . But Marcin Bosacki , Polish Foreign Ministry spokesman , told CNN the program was "  cheap journalism . " He said : "  There is a problem with racism and anti-Semitism in Poland but it is blown out of every possible proportion in this material . Italian PM : Suspend Italian soccer leagues "  They interviewed many people with balanced opinions and they complained today that their voices were not used in this program . "  Do you know how many British tourists come to Poland evry year ? 500,000 . And do you know how many reports they gave to the British Embassy and consulates about racism in the last three years ? Zero . "  We are hospitable and treat all people who come here as friends . " UEFA claim taking high-profile tournaments to different places in Europe helps to tackle any problems regarding discrimination in the host country . In a statement , soccer 's European governing body said : "  UEFA Euro 2012 brings the spotlight on the host countries and clearly creates an opportunity to address and confront such societal issues . "  UEFA 's ` zero tolerance ' approach to racism is still valid both on and off the pitch and ultimately the referee has the power to stop or abandon a match should racist incidents occur . " Piara Power , executive director of the Football Against Racism in Europe organization , said there was still plenty of work to be done in both Poland and Ukraine . "  I think we know the situation in domestic football in both Poland and Ukraine and I 'm afraid the documentary hit the nail on the head -- it 's a very bad situation , " he said . "  Nevertheless there is some good work going at grass roots level to make sure that Euro 2012 inside stadiums does not resemble the sort of scenes we saw in the documentary . " Powar said that although the BBC 's documentary had provoked a strong reaction in the UK , other countries involved in Euro 2012 would be concerned that UEFA do all they can to ensure a safe tournament . "  There will be mixed teams in the Netherlands , Germany , the French have a lot of black players , " he added . "  I think all of those teams will be looking at themselves and saying what sort of safety precautions do we need to take ? Do our relatives travel or do they stay behind and how do we respond to possible outbreaks of racism ? "  We have a procedure with UEFA to deal with these sort of issues and we 're fairly clear that it 's a good procedure . "  It will work in the right way and I think we 'll see a lot of teams and their fans probably getting sanctioned quite heavily by UEFA by the end of the tournament . "	Euro 2012 hosts Ukraine and Poland hit back over claims of racism in their countries BBC investigation claimed racism and anti-Semitism widespread among football fans Ukrainian ambassador to the UK says documentary was unbalanced and biased
CNN  -- One of the worst wildfires in Arizona history grew by 40,000 acres Monday , forcing the evacuation of thousands as crews battled heavy winds in trying to prevent the 30-mile line from advancing further , officials said . The "  Wallow Fire , " as the blaze is known , has scorched 233,522 acres as of Monday evening -- up more than 21 % from the 192,746 acres reported that morning -- said Terri Wildermuth , a spokeswoman for the Incident Management Team that is overseeing firefighting efforts . "  We had a hard day today , " Joe Reinarz , an incident commander , told those attending a town hall meeting in Greer , Arizona , on Monday evening . "  I do n't know exactly where that fire is at this moment , because it is moving so fast . " The eastern Arizona wildfire , which began May 29 , has forced the closure of the Apache National Forest and prompted the evacuation of about 3,000 people , said Mark Weldon of the Arizona Red Cross . Some 2,000 of those are in Alpine , about 700 are in Greer , 200 to 300 are in Nutrioso , and fewer than 100 are in Sunrise . The National Weather Service instituted a "  red flag warning , " which means weather conditions are ripe for wildfires , for much of the northern half of the state . In eastern Arizona , southwest winds blew 25 to 28 mph through the region Monday with nighttime gusts forecast to blow as strong as 40 mph . Wind speeds are expected to slow somewhat but still be strong in the coming days , the weather service said , with daytime temperatures in the most affected regions forecast in the mid-60s . "  Tomorrow ,  the wind  is supposed to pick back up all through Thursday , " said Reinarz . "  We 've got two or three days ahead ... that will try all of us . " The U.S. Forest Service said the fire is the fourth largest in Arizona 's history , but Brad Pitassi of the incident management team said it is the third largest . While there have been no significant injuries so far , officials and area residents complained of heavy smoke that has blanketed the area like fog . "  To me , it feels like I 'm suffocating , " Deanna Davis told CNN affiliate KTVK . "  Smoke just sits in this valley and it sucks the air right out of you . " Davis , who manages Davis True Value Hardware store in Springerville , Arizona , said the fire and resulting smoke had forced a run on her store from customers looking to buy face masks . Among the evacuees was Jessie Walker , who along with his wife , Holly , abandoned the house he built in Nutrioso with his own hands to escape the approaching fire , according to Phoenix-based CNN affiliate KNXV . "  What a person do n't realize is is how hard it is to face something like that , " Walker told KNXV . "  You think you 're prepared for it , you think you 're mentally prepared for it , physically prepared for it . You 're not . "  It 's hard , " Walker said , fighting back tears . The Walkers took as many of their possessions as they could even though there was n't enough time to pack . Those belongings are now stored in a trailer out of harm 's way . Walker said he has a brother who stayed behind . "  He wants to fight for what 's his and I do n't blame him , " Walker said . The fire has bedeviled fire crews with its unpredictable path , thanks to wind gusts that have carried burning embers up to three miles . Apache County Deputy Chief Sheriff Brannon Eagar on Monday evening urged people in the area , even if they have n't been ordered to evacuate yet , to get ready to leave . "  They ca n't predict how fast it 's going to go , " Eagar said at the town hall event in Greer . "  So make sure , please , you get ready . "  If I can convince anybody , please go . It 'll make your life so much easier , " he added . "  This thing is huge . " CNN 's Ben Smith , Chelsea J. Carter , Phil Gast and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	NEW : A fire official says the next 2 to 3 days will likely continue to be difficult NEW : A deputy sheriff urges people in the area to prepare to evacuate The fire has scorched more than 233,522 acres in eastern Arizona About 3,000 people in eastern Arizona have been told to evacuate
CNN Student News  -- March 15 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : China Vatican City Mississippi ; New York City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
Miami , Florida  CNN  -- Not all of the earthquake-traumatized Haitians are receiving the aid they need , a U.S. general said Thursday , partly because displaced residents are moving from place to place . "  We 're still not up to meeting the needs of the Haitian people as far as the amount of supplies that are there . And so , there have been some instances , isolated , where we 've been out to give distribution to citizens , there has n't always been enough food , " said Air Force Gen. Douglas Fraser , head of the Miami-based U.S. Southern Command . He added : "  We have n't anticipated the demand , I guess , at each site as we 've gone out because the Haitians have -- have migrated around , if you will , from distribution site to distribution site , so we 're finding pockets that we have n't been able to get in to . " He said the distribution is inconsistent , however , because there are areas where fresh fruit and plenty of food are available . "  The need keeps moving around a little bit , " Fraser said . "  That 's an evolving issue . " iReport : Haiti 's missing and found | Full coverage Another problem has been damage to the south pier of the port in Port-au-Prince , which is reducing the number of containers that can be unloaded there , Fraser said . The pier was damaged by new tremors on Wednesday . The U.N. World Food Programme will expand its distribution points in Port-au-Prince from 12 to 15 on Friday , the general said . There are hundreds of camps for displaced persons in the capital and surrounding areas following the devastating January 12 earthquake . Fraser said from 800,000 to about 1 million Haitians have lost their homes . He said there was tremendous support from the international community , and "  the relief efforts improve every day . " One of the most popular items distributed recently is hand-cranked radios . Fraser gave the report on the relief effort to Pentagon reporters via teleconference . He said one of the most pressing needs was a place for patients in recovery , and that problem was being worked on . Girl , 16 , rescued in Haiti When was asked how much the U.S. military effort was costing , he said he did n't know . "  I do n't have an accurate assessment of the cost , primarily because it involves many parts of the Department of Defense , " he said . He added President Obama and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates have said they will fund whatever he says is needed . However , there appeared to be a somewhat different message Wednesday from Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell . When he was asked how much the Haiti operation was costing , he seemed to indicate that cost is now becoming a factor . "  You know , I think we 're still working that . But I mean , you know , we 've got 24 ships out there . You 've got 15,000 personnel . You 've got flights . This is a -- this is a very expensive operation . "  We have committed enormous capabilities towards this mission , and the meter is running . And so I do n't know that we 've gotten arms quite yet around how much , but -- you know , probably hundreds of millions of dollars . " As the general was making his comments , the Senate Foreign Relations Committee was discussing the enormity of the task of rebuilding Port-au-Prince , given the devastation . "  You have to have so many parts to coordinate , " said Sen. John Kerry , D-Massachusetts , who chairs the committee . "  And you 've got to come in there with a new city planning concept . You 've got to have a vision for what you want this place to look like . "  I do n't see any entity at this point or movement ... that suggests to me the global community is coming together around that organizational effort the way that it ought to , " Kerry said . Paul Farmer , the United Nations deputy special envoy for Haiti , testified that he agreed . "  This task is so massive that we need the ` international A-Team ' working on this case , " Farmer said . Kerry said he believed the project could be pulled together to empower Haitians , and "  we 're going to press this concept . " CNN 's Barbara Starr contributed to this report .	NEW : U.S. still not meeting aid needs of Haitian people , U.S. general says NEW : People in need keep moving around , making it harder to help them , he says Damage to pier reduces how much aid can be unloaded , says Gen. Douglas Fraser Fraser says as many as a million Haitians lost their homes in January 12 quake
Editor 's note : You can follow the Bilsons ' progress on CNN American Morning 6 a.m. to 9 a.m. through February 4 . Mary Bilson tries to contain her autistic daughter Marissa 's tantrum , as Marissa 's brother Brendan looks on . Seal Beach , CALIFORNIA  CNN  -- The Bilson family is like many other families : three kids , a cat , and a small , lovely home with lots of family photos and carved wooden wall signs with sayings like "  Live , Laugh , Love . " But step inside their house after 4 p.m. most weekdays and you 'll want to cover your ears because of the noise -- the screaming , to be exact . These are not the shouts of sibling rivalry or parental annoyance . This is the high-pitched , ear-shattering sound of a 13-year-old girl . More accurately , it is the sound of a frustrated , irritated , very loud teenager with autism . Marissa , the middle Bilson child , was diagnosed with autism when she was a toddler . Her mother , Mary , a nurse , knew something was n't right early on , when young Marissa 's tantrums were off the charts and seemingly unwarranted . But during the first few years , doctors told Mary Bilson that her daughter was fine and this behavior would eventually pass . They were wrong on both counts . Marissa 's behavior has not passed ; it has , in fact , become worse . According to Bilson , Marissa and her tantrums rule the household . "  I do n't want to hear her screaming and tantruming , so we pretty much let her do what she wants , " Bilson says . "  We " means Mary , her husband , John , and their two other children , Brittany , 15 , and 6-year-old Brendan . Keeping the peace means that , when it comes to Marissa , the rules are different . She is allowed unlimited time on the one family computer . She is allowed access to her siblings ' rooms and possessions . She is allowed to eat dinner at the computer instead of the family table . Watch part one of the Bilsons ' journey " But before you sit in judgment of the Bilsons , and suggest they just need a firm hand to keep their middle child in line , consider one thing : They are trying to cope with a child with severely impaired social sensibilities . "  Do you think people who do n't have children with autism know how tough it is to deal with them ? " CNN 's senior medical correspondent , Elizabeth Cohen , asked Marissa 's mom in a recent interview . "  No , " Mary Bilson replied . "  And I do n't see how they could . " She 's right -- we ca n't , because many of us have never seen autism in action , day in and day out . Learn more about autism " Autism is described on the National Institutes of Health Web site as a "  developmental disorder that appears in the first three years of life , and affects the brain 's normal development of social and communication skills . " According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , autism and related disorders affect about one out of every 150 babies born each year . Autism manifests itself in many different ways . Although there are some common threads , like language issues , repetitive movements and difficulties connecting to others , specific behavioral patterns are largely unique to the individual . "  Children with autism are all different ; they are like snowflakes , " explains Dr. Ronald Leaf , co-director of the group Autism Partnership . The one thing that Leaf believes they all have in common is that "  they are not expected to do enough . " Leaf insists we have set the bar too low for what we think children and adults with autism can do . "  They are highly teachable , " he says . "  You just have to have a good teacher . " A good teacher is exactly what Bilson was looking for to help her with Marissa . The family had already tried various programs , starting when Marissa was a toddler -- but nothing completely worked for her . And as Marissa entered her teen years , her behavior grew worse . Mary knew that her daughter needed to be reined in , and it needed to be done now . "  She is getting older . She 's 13 and her tantrums are louder and longer than they used to be . It 's just so inappropriate . It was OK when she was much younger , but now that she 's going to be an adult soon , she ca n't be behaving this way , " Bilson says with tired resignation . But what could the Bilsons do ? This family does n't have a lot of extra money , and most programs either are n't covered by insurance or have long waiting lists . The costs are staggering , according to the Web site FightingAutism.org . Families with autistic children can expect to spend $ 30,000 annually to provide proper medical , educational and other assistance necessary for dealing with an autistic child . Watch part two of the Bilsons ' journey " Enter Autism Partnership , or AP . This group , founded in 1994 , offers extensive therapeutic services to children and adults with the disorder . One of its most unique programs is an intensive one-on-one , at-home intervention service that is similar in scope to what happens on the television show "  Nanny 911 . " It 's not cheap -- about $ 2,500 per day , typically for a five-day period  with additional days on an "  as needed " basis  . Most of AP 's work is grounded in a behavior modification technique known as Applied Behavioral Analysis or ABA . Essentially , the method breaks down behavior patterns , rewarding proper behavior while being careful not to encourage improper responses . And that is exactly how AP therapist Rick Schroeder hopes to reshape Marissa Bilson 's worst behavior . The group , which met Marissa while working in her school , offered the Bilson family a free week-long intervention with the proviso that CNN be allowed to record the process . The week started off with a day of observation -- a day with lots and lots of screaming and tantrums , that left Schroeder stunned . He had observed Marissa at school where , he says , she was much less demonstrative . But Schroeder is still eager and ready to tackle the challenge . "  I think the family is starting to realize something needs to change , and that 's very good , " he says after his day of observation . "  As far as Marissa 's behavior goes -- and the level that she is capable of going to -- she 's pretty much out of control , for sure . "	CDC : Autism and related disorders affect one out of every 150 children Each autistic child is unique in his or her behavior , but there are common threads Social skills , communication are common problem areas Marissa screams , throws tantrums -- behavior her family hopes to change
CNN  -- Prepare yourself for the Age of Ultron . Joss Whedon surprised the crowd at the end of the Marvel panel at Comic-Con to reveal this as the title and main character of Avengers 2 . We 'll get to that . We promise . But first the Marvel crew ran down all the major titles coming up , including new details on "  Thor : The Dark World , " "  Captain America : The Winter Soldier , " and "  Guardians of the Galaxy . " See complete Comic-Con coverage Here 's how it happened : The Comic-Con panel begins : Marvel Studios president Kevin Feige is introduced as "  the master of nerd puppetry " by moderator Chris Hardwick . Asked what he has in the works , Feige says : "  Well , we have a movie called Thor : The Dark World . " A cavernous boom ! And then total darkness as the billboard-sized screen in 6,000-seat Hall H goes blank . "  Humanity ... look how far you 've fallen . Lining up in the heat ... chattering together in the dark ... LIKE BEASTS !!! " Aaand LIGHTNING FLASH as Tom Hiddleston appears in character as Loki . Thor : The Dark World "  Stand back , you mewling quim ! " He declares . And everyone falls down in fealty , cheering . "  You should have let me rule you when you had the chance . " Hiddleston , er , Loki unleashes an Asgardian-style Don Rickles routine , insulting the miserable mass of humanity before him . Then asks : "  Say my name ? " LOKI !!! the crowd roars "  Say my NAME ! " he says , no longer asking . The crowd chants : LOKI ... ! LOKI ... ! LOKI ... ! Hiddleston smiles : "  Then I have an army . " A clip of "  Thor : The Dark World " begins to play , showing Chris Hemsworth 's hammer-swinging hero in an epic , galactic battle . At one point , Natalie Portman 's character appears to slap Loki . "  That was for New York , " she says . Again , Loki smiles . The clip ends and bow power has been restored . Feige begins introducing the cast of ... See stars ' Comic-Con self-portraits Captain America : The Winter Soldier Nearly the full cast of The Winter Soldier gathers  minus Robert Redford and a few other key parts  , and Evans is asked if Cap is finally adjusting to modern life . "  It 's not like he 's shocked by , ` oh wow , the Internet ! ' " Evans says . "  But today it 's harder to know who is right and who 's wrong . " Is Scarlett Johansson 's Black Widow a cameo or a major role ? Feige says "  She and Chris share this movie in a big way . " We get to see how she is in a more casual working relationship , " Johansson says . "  It starts to break down the barriers of the walls she has put up . This film is gritty and has some down and dirty bare-knuckle fighting . " Evans says Captain America and Black Widow have an "  odd couple " relationship , coming from very different attitudes about what is right and wrong . There 's still a week left before shooting is complete , but Marvel is presenting a clip . Here 's the recap : Unknown thugs gather in an elevator and Steve Rogers can tell something is wrong . One of them is Frank Grillo as the villain Crossbones . "  Before we start , " Cap says . "  Anyone want to get out ? " A face-crushing fistfight breaks out , and all fall except Crossbones . "  I just want you to know , Cap . None of this is personal , " he says . "  It kinda feels personal , " Rogers says , and the battle continues . "  To build a better world sometimes means tearing the wold one down , " says Robert Redford 's voice . He appears against a large window , Alexander Pierce , "  Disorder , war , all it takes is one step . " Now Samuel L. Jackson 's Nick Fury speaka : "  We 're going to neutralize a lot of threats before they happen . " "  I thought the punishment usually came after the crime , " Cap says . "  S.H.I.E.L.D. sees the world as it is , not as we hope it to be , " Fury replies . The last shot is Sebastian Stan 's Winter Soldier , picking up Captain America 's fallen shield . Guardians of the Galaxy Next , Feige reveals that the upcoming space saga Guardians of the Galaxy has just started shooting in the U.K. and wanted to come to Comic-Con . "  So they decided to come ... ! " Here 's a rundown of who is who in the cast : Yondu -- Michael Rooker , playing a galactic big-game hunter and founding member of the Guardians . Nebula -- Karen Gillian -- The chrome-domed mercenary and supervillain . "  I might have done something a little bit crazy , " she says and pulls off a wig to reveal her shaved head . Ronan the Accuser -- Lee Pace , as a leader of the evil alien race known as the Kree . Korath the Pursuer -- Djimon Hounsou , an affiliate of the Kree who is allied with Ronan . The Collector -- Benicio del Toro , playing an ancient being who gathers lifeforms from around the galaxy to keep as his own . Drax the Destroyer -- Dave Batista , "  When I go the job , I broke down and cried like a little baby , " the physically massive pro wrestler said . "  I 'm 44 years old , I 'm the baby on the set in terms of acting experience . I go to work every day and try to learn something new . " Gamora -- Zoe Saldana , as the emerald-hued alien assassin who is the adopted daughter of one of the most evil beings in the universe : Thanos . "  I 've done blue , I figured why not try green ? " Star-Lord -- Chris Pratt , on his new ripped physique : "  I had a tapeworm . " His character is a half-human , half-alien who never fit in on Earth , and has n't really found a place for himself anywhere else in the galaxy either . Even though the film has only been shooting a short time , Marvel completed some special effects for a short teaser reel . It begins with ... A large crypt-like door opening -- vaguely futuristic and vaguely ancient . It 's Chris Pratt as Star-Lord walking into what appears to be temple , claiming an artifact in a sort-of recreation of Raiders of the Lost Ark. . But Djimon Hounsou 's Korath stops him . "  NO problem . NO problem at all , " Star-Lord says , hardly brave . He identifies himself as Star-Lord , which makes Korath go : "  Who ? " "  Star-Lord , man ! Legendary outlaw ? Forget it . " Then , although we do n't see any of Benicio Del Toro 's The Collector  he has n't shot any scenes yet  we ironically get a scene reminiscent of the line-up from The Usual Suspects . Each of the Guardians is standing behind a one-way mirror in a futuristic mug-shot situation as John C. Reilly 's galactic lawman Rhomann Dey gives the rundown : Drax the Destroyer flexes and scowls , a big green mean looking gent , ripped with red markings . Gamora -- He ID 's the assassin as death-craving villain Thanos ' adopted daughter . We see a short , fuzzy , bandit-looking creature  who does n't speak -- sorry , still no casting there .  "  He calls himself Rocket , " Reilly says . "  Wanted on over fifty charges of vehicular theft " Groot , the tree warrior is shown -- although he is so large his face is above the frame and we only see his trunk . "  He 's been traveling recently as a personal houseplant-slash-muscle , " Reilly says . "  Peter Jason Quill , also known as Star-Lord . He 's wanted largely on charges of minor assault . " Lame . "  They call themselves the Guardians of the Galaxy , " Reilly says . Beat . "  What a bunch of a-holes . " Cue the music as "  Ooga chocka ooga ooga ooga chocka " begins to play , " and Blue Swede 's "  Hooked on a Feeling "  Peter Quill 's jam  plays through some quick flashes of spaceships and galactic carnage . Finally , the big finish ... The Avengers : Age of Ultron Joss Whedon arrives to reveal that Avengers 2 will be called ... Age of Ultron ! Crowd . Melts . Down . For those who do n't follow the comic book world as closely , a little background is in order . Ultron was a sentient robot who was the creation of a scientist named Dr. Henry Pym -- also known as Ant-Man , which means Avengers 2 will likely introduce the hero of Edgar Wright 's upcoming Marvel movie . Ultron is self-aware and develops a craving for power , according to comics lore . He begins rebuilding himself into more and more powerful iterations and seeks to create artificial life himself in a twisted desire to become a parent -- especially important since he eventually wars with his own "  father , " Hank Pym . But ... the curious thing about the footage Whedon presented to introduce the Age of Ultron title is that it begins with a close-up of what appears to be Iron Man 's mask . We hear various lines various Avengers that were spoken in previous Marvel movies . As they speak , the Iron Man helmet spins and is scratched , dented , and pulverized . It is transforming , and at the end we see a pullback and the title reveal : Iron Man 's mask has become Ultron 's grinning , fang-like metallic skull . So will Hank Pym actually NOT be part of Ultron 's story ? Might we see Marvel retcon this bit of lore to make Tony Stark the creator of Ultron .  Hey , he has the almost-sentient artificial intelligence Jarvis to help him . He 's close ! Whedon offered no clues . But Age of Ultron was also the name of an apocalyptic series of comics by Brian Michael Bendis that was published this year , featuring the robot villain taking over the entire planet and leaving it in ruins , while superheroes turn refugee and hide away while plotting a counter-attack .  There 's a lot more to it than that , and casual fans may want to seek out the book ASAP before spoilers proliferate in Avengers 2 news reports . One thing is certain -- the movie ca n't be totally faithful to the books , which prominently feature Wolverine and Spider-Man , among other heroes that are licensed to other studios . But we 'll find out more as we near the release date : May 1 , 2015 . Thor : The Dark World opens Nov. 8 . Captain America : The Winter Soldier is due in theaters April 4 , 2014 . Darren Franich and Laura Hertzfeld contributed to this report See the full story at EW.com	Joss Whedon announced the title to ` Avengers 2 ' at Comic-Con The sequel will be subtitled ` Age of Ultron ' ` Thor , ' ` Captain America ' debut clips from sequels as well
CNN  -- Gabriel Garca Mrquez , the influential , Nobel Prize-winning author of "  One Hundred Years of Solitude " and "  Love in the Time of Cholera , " has died , his family and officials said . He was 87 . The literary giant was treated in April for infections and dehydration at a Mexican hospital . Garca Mrquez , a native of Colombia , is widely credited with helping to popularize "  magical realism , " a genre "  in which the fantastic and the realistic are combined in a richly composed world of imagination , " as the Nobel committee described it upon awarding him the prize for literature in 1982 . He was sometimes called the most significant Spanish-language author since Miguel de Cervantes , the 16th-century author of "  Don Quixote " and one of the great writers in Western literature . Indeed , Chilean poet Pablo Neruda told Time that "  One Hundred Years of Solitude " was "  the greatest revelation in the Spanish language since the Don Quixote of Cervantes . " The author 's cousin , Margarita Marquez , and Colombia 's ambassador to Mexico , Jos Gabriel Ortiz , confirmed the author 's death to CNN on Thursday . "  We 're left with the memories and the admiration to all Colombians and also Mexicans because I think Gabo was half Mexican and half Colombian . He 's just as admired in Mexico as he is in  his native  Colombia , all of Latin America and throughout the world , " Ortiz told CNN en Espaol . Share your memories with CNN 's iReport "  I believe they were somehow emotionally ready for this regrettable outcome . They knew he was suffering from a complex , terminal disease and was an elderly man . I believe  Garcia Marquez 's widow Mercedes Barcha  was getting ready for this moment , although nobody can really prepare themselves for a moment like this . " In a televised speech Thursday night , Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos declared three days of national mourning , ordering flags to be lowered to half-staff across the country . The author -- known by his nickname "  Gabo " throughout Latin America -- was born in the northern Colombian town of Aracataca , which became the inspiration for Macondo , the town at the center of "  Solitude , " his 1967 masterpiece , and referenced in such works as his novella "  Leaf Storm " and the novel "  In Evil Hour . " "  I feel Latin American from whatever country , but I have never renounced the nostalgia of my homeland : Aracataca , to which I returned one day and discovered that between reality and nostalgia was the raw material for my work , " reads a mural quoting the author outside of town . Garca Mrquez was tickled that he had earned so much praise for his fertile imagination . "  The truth is that there 's not a single line in all my work that does not have a basis in reality . The problem is that Caribbean reality resembles the wildest imagination , " he told The Paris Review in 1981 . A storyteller 's childhood Garca Mrquez 's early life was shaped by both familial and political conflict . His grandfather , a widely respected figure known as the Colonel , was a liberal military man who strongly disagreed with the political views of Garca Mrquez 's father , a conservative telegraph operator who became a pharmacist .  His father 's ardent pursuit of his mother later inspired "  Love in the Time of Cholera . " Their political disagreement came to reflect that of Colombia as a whole , a country that spent a postwar decade in the grip of what was called "  La Violencia , " a civil war that followed the assassination of a populist leader . Garca Mrquez spent his early childhood with his grandparents while his parents pursued a living in the coastal city of Barranquilla . Both his grandparents were excellent storytellers , and Garca Mrquez soaked in their tales . From his grandfather he learned of military men , Colombian history and the terrible burden of killing ; from his grandmother came folk tales , superstitions and ghosts among the living . His grandmother 's stories were delivered "  as if they were the irrefutable truth , " according to the Garca Mrquez site themodernword.com . The influence is obvious in Garca Mrquez 's works , particularly "  One Hundred Years of Solitude . " In 1936 the Colonel died and Garca Mrquez returned to his parents and their growing family . He was eventually one of 11 children , not to mention several half-siblings from his father 's affairs , a familial sprawl that also found its way into his books . After finishing high school , Garca Mrquez went off to college with dreams of becoming a writer . His parents , on the other hand , had plans for him to become a lawyer . Writing ended up taking precedence : When La Violencia broke out , Garca Mrquez started contributing stories to a local newspaper and eventually became a columnist . He had also been exposed to writers such as James Joyce , Virginia Woolf , Franz Kafka and especially William Faulkner , who had turned his own patch of land in Oxford , Mississippi , into the shape-shifting past and present of Yoknapatawpha County . In the mid-1950s , Garca Mrquez left Colombia for Europe , a move partly provoked by a story he 'd written that was critical of the government . The distance , he later said , helped shape his perspective on Latin American politics . For years , Garca Mrquez had been writing and publishing fiction , including short stories in Latin American journals and a handful of longer works , including "  Leaf Storm , " which was published in 1955 . But it was n't until 1967 with the publication of "  One Hundred Years of Solitude " that he broke through to a wide audience . ' 100 Years ' of literary renown The novel is set in Macondo , a town founded by the patriarch of the Buendia family , Jos Arcadio Buendia . Over the generations , members of the family are set upon by ghosts and visions , fall in love , dream of riches and fight in wars . Natural events take on supernatural aspects -- rains that last years , plagues that create memory loss . It is a tapestry of almost biblical proportions in which reality and spirit swirl and merge , a world unto itself -- as well as a commentary on the politics and history of the world at large . "  The narrative is a magician 's trick in which memory and prophecy , illusion and reality are mixed and often made to look the same . It is , in short , very much like Mrquez 's astonishing novel , " wrote The New York Times in a 1970 review upon the release of the English translation by Gregory Rabassa . Garca Mrquez worked on "  Solitude " tirelessly , selling off family items , living on credit , smoking up a nicotine frenzy . Upon its release , the book became an instant bestseller in Latin America and was equally successful in English . It has been estimated to have sold in excess of 20 million copies -- some sources say as many as 50 million -- in two dozen languages . The book did n't ease all of Garca Mrquez 's problems , however . As a vocal leftist and defender of Castro 's Cuba , he was regularly limited or denied visas by the United States until President Bill Clinton , a fan of "  Solitude , " revoked the ban . Clinton commented on Garcia Marquez 's death Thursday . "  I was saddened to learn of the passing of Gabriel Garca Mrquez , " he said in a statement . "  From the time I read ` One Hundred Years of Solitude ' more than 40 years ago , I was always amazed by his unique gifts of imagination , clarity of thought , and emotional honesty . He captured the pain and joy of our common humanity in settings both real and magical . " Garca Mrquez was also involved in a feud with onetime friend writer Mario Vargas Llosa , a Peruvian and a Nobel laureate , who punched the Colombian in the face in 1976 -- believed to be over politics but later revealed to be over Vargas Llosa 's wife . Garca Mrquez 's ensuing works were generally praised . They included "  The Autumn of the Patriarch "  1975  , "  Chronicle of a Death Foretold "  1981  and "  The General in His Labyrinth "  1990  . He is said to be the most popular Spanish-language author in the world . "  Love in the Time of Cholera , " with an English translation published in 1988 , was a particular bestseller . The love story , which was turned into a 2007 movie , was referenced in such works as the 2001 movie "  Serendipity " and the finale of the TV series "  How I Met Your Mother . " Garca Mrquez 's style and impact have been widespread . He is credited with spearheading "  el Boom , " attracting attention to a generation of Latin American writers , including Vargas Llosa and Mexico 's Carlos Fuentes . Magical realism is now an accepted genre , to the point that some critics believe it has been overused . And he prompted a focus on Latin American politics -- protesting the 1973 CIA-aided coup in Chile , calling attention to corruption and free speech issues in South America and around the world . He never gave up journalism . "  I 've always been convinced that my true profession is that of a journalist . What I did n't like about journalism before were the working conditions , " he told The Paris Review . "  Now , after having worked as a novelist , and having achieved financial independence as a novelist , I can really choose the themes that interest me and correspond to my ideas . " He was one of the most honored -- and highly respected -- authors on Earth , particularly in parts of the world where literature is taken as seriously as politics . "  On behalf of Mexico , I would like to express my sorrow for the passing of one of the greatest writers of our time , Gabriel Garcia Marquez , " tweeted Mexican President Enrique Pea Nieto . Colombia 's President summed up the author 's presence on Twitter . "  Giants never die , " Santos tweeted . For all of his immortality , however , Garcia Marquez preferred the here and now . Asked about the impact of dreams on his dreamlike writing , he said he 'd rather focus on reality . "  Life itself is the greatest source of inspiration , " he said . "  I see dreams as part of life in general , but reality is much richer . "  But maybe , " he added , "  I just have very poor dreams . " People we 've lost in 2014 CNN 's Rafael Romo and CNN en Espaol 's Nelson Quiones and Ana Melgar contributed to this story .	NEW : Colombia 's President declares three days of national mourning The 87-year-old is widely credited with helping to popularize "  magical realism " Garca Mrquez stands as one of the most honored authors on Earth The Colombian author died in Mexico City , where he lived
CNN  -- Seven years after the sidelining of Colonel Reb , the goateed planter who conjured images of the Old South , the University of Mississippi has a new mascot to do antics for children , visit the sick in hospitals and , yes , cheer on the Red and Blue at fall football games . Ole Miss on Thursday announced that Rebel Black Bear had outpolled other contenders to earn the honors , beginning in 2011 . Nobel Prize-winning novelist William Faulkner , whose home still stands near the campus in Oxford , Mississippi , wrote a short story titled "  The Bear . " In it , Old Ben stands as a symbol of pride , strength and toughness . Extensive polling resulted in the bear defeating the Rebel Land Shark and Hotty Toddy , based on a cheer exchanged between Ole Miss fans , the mascot selection committee announced Thursday . Some Mississippi students had launched a campaign to put Admiral Ackbar from "  Star Wars " on the ballot , but it fell short . About 13,000 people participated in each of two polls on the issue . The selection puts a symbolic end to Colonel Reb , who enjoyed lingering popularity among many Ole Miss fans . The university for years has distanced itself from association with symbols of the Confederacy . In 1997 , it effectively excluded presence of Confederate flags at athletic events by not allowing any banners to be flown from a stick . "  While we might not all agree with the -LSB- student -RSB- committee 's selection , I am confident that we will come together and continue to strongly support the Ole Miss Rebels , " alumni association President Charles Clark said . "  I know that my love of Ole Miss is as strong as ever , and that I will be in Tuscaloosa on Saturday night cheering loudly for our Rebels . " The Rebels will be on the road Saturday playing the Alabama Crimson Tide . It 's now up Michael Thompson to have the mascot ready to compete against the likes of South Carolina 's garnet rooster , Cocky , Auburn 's striped tiger , Aubie , and the Georgia 's muscle-bound Harry Dawg . "  I was given the black bear and told ` make it happen ' , " said Thompson , senior associate athletics director for communications and marketing . The school will work with a costume maker , recruit people who will wear the clothing and , perhaps most importantly , develop the creature 's persona . "  I want it to be exactly right , " said Thompson , who has been one the job a couple months . The cursive "  Ole Miss " script on T-shirts and other items have been the school 's main marketing tool . "  The script is the brand , " said Thompson , who believes the mascot will reflect old traditions and , ideally , create new ones . To that end , Rebel Black Bear will wear a sports jacket , tie and hat to gatherings at the Grove , the legendary game-day tailgating area and meeting place in Oxford . "  The Grove is such an integral part of our tradition , " Thompson said . Rebel Black Bear likely will wear a T-shirt and "  bring competitive energy to the game , " Thompson said , adding mascots by necessity have to have a look and expression suitable for all occasions . "  You want him to be intimidating , but not scary , " he said . "  You want him to be serious , but light-hearted . " The university has done a good job of positioning its sports brands to get away from Old South stereotypes , Thompson told CNN . He knows Rebel Black Bear , at least initially , wo n't be welcomed by all . "  No doubt there will be bumps in the road and there always will be critics . Some say if they ca n't have Colonel Reb they would n't want a mascot at all . " But , he says , the school has an opportunity to attract new fans . "  It 's what we do with the mascot that is important , " Thompson said . "  How it interacts with children , who are the future of the University of Mississippi . " The Colonel Reb Foundation tried in vain to get the old mascot , who was created before World War II , on the ballot . A commenter on its Facebook page Thursday lamented the new choice with the message , "  The Bad News Bears -- Beware the Curse of the Colonel ! " The university announced in March that Colonel Reb merchandise was being phased out , and licensed sales were concluded by late summer . "  Because Colonel Reb is a mark we wish to own as university property to prevent its inappropriate use by others and to avoid confusing consumers and Ole Miss supporters , we are going to reclassify the mark as "  historical " and add it to our college ` vault , ' " it stated . Like just about everything else , Colonel Reb lives on eBay , in the form of phone covers , key chains and even a rubber duck , but the university does not profit from such sales .	Rebel Black Bear will be new athletics mascot Colonel Reb was sidelined for good in 2003 Winner was chosen by poll , students
CNN  -- There are books -- and then there are books . And this one does n't come cheap . So if you love Formula One and want to spend a year following the likes of Sebastian Vettel and Fernando Alonso across the world , this is the only book for you -- if you have a spare million dollars . Weighing 37 kilograms , this 852-page book will come with the opportunity for its owner to hold four passes to every single day of each grand prix weekend during the 2014 season , access into the team paddocks and even tea with F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone . Up for auction in December , with three bids already secured , "  The Official Formula One Opus BERNIE Edition " also comes with a signature sheet adorned with the original autographs of the 22 F1 world champions . "  This book gives you the opportunity to experience F1 like never before , " Opus Media chief executive officer Karl Fowler told CNN . "  You can go to every single race across the world , take in all three days , go into the paddocks , have a drink and see the drivers . "  You 'll get to spend time with Mr Ecclestone and have a sporting experience you could n't get anywhere else . " A former banker , Fowler set up Opus Media in 2007 and has since crafted a number of other books which have focused on the likes of Ferrari , Michael Jackson , NFL Superbowl and Manchester United . But the Bernie -- arriving in its carbon-fiber case , gleaming like a piece of treasure waiting to be plundered -- takes the concept to an altogether new level . "  We 've already had three serious bids for the book , " Fowler revealed . "  We always thought that the bids would come from two areas -- wealthy individuals who are looking to have some fun and great experiences or from corporate businesses . "  We 've had one bid from a banking entity , one from a hedge fund and another from a Russian investment company . "  For a business , this is a great investment , especially if you have offices all over the world . You could take three different clients each day for three days on each weekend and you can do that 20 times a year . "  That 's great for networking and business . It 's a huge opportunity . " Whoever finally ends up winning the auction will also be able to sell individual races with Fowler estimating that the lure of the Monaco Grand Prix could go for as much as $ 100,000 . The book has been nearly six years in the making with Fowler working with Ecclestone to produce arguably the most definitive look at F1 . Beginning at the start of the F1 World Driver 's Championship in 1950 , the book charts the course of the sport , taking in those who are synonymous with the roaring engines of the sport . It takes in each and every circuit in detail , gives an insight into the colorful characters who entertained fans such as James Hunt and Juan Manuel Fangio before moving on to Ayrton Senna , Michael Schumacher and current four-time world champion Vettel . Chasing the 22 different signatures of F1 champions did n't prove easy . Fowler had two men flying across the world for two years to collect every autograph . They flew to Brazil to obtain Nelson Piquet 's signature , secured Jack Brabham 's in Australia and managed to catch Kimi Raikkonen in Finland . As well as the one-off edition , there are also 1500 copies of the silk-covered $ 3,200 "  classic " which will be signed by Ecclestone , with the $ 32,000 "  champions " edition accompanied by autographs of every single F1 world champion . Perhaps Ecclestone 's involvement in the book has proved a welcome distraction from his ongoing legal problems . He has denied making corrupt payments to a German banker to facilitate the sale F1 , testifying for four days in London 's High Court before heading to this weekend 's U.S. Grand Prix in Texas . "  Working with Mr Ecclestone is a combination of him being highly demanding , fun and challenging , " added Fowler . "  You have to be on the ball because he always is . His attention to detail is phenomenal . "  He really bought into what we were trying to do which was present the sport on scale where all the iconic images are seen how they were meant to be seen . "  In 99.9 % of the books , pictures have been heavily cropped . We want to show them in the way the photographer wanted them to be shown . "	"  The Official Formula One Opus BERNIE Edition " has $ 1 million reserve price The 852-page book weighs 37 kilograms Three bids already made for the book according to Opus Media Winner will also receive four all-access season passes for each grand prix
CNN  -- The 2014 MTV Movie Awards in Los Angeles Sunday were filled with laughs , standout fashion and rocking musical performances . Host Conan O'Brien kicked off the show with a record 50 celebrity cameos and an unexpected musical number , Lupita Nyong ' o donned an eye catching pleated dress in dozens of colors from Karl Lagerfeld 's Fall 2014 collection , and viewers got a sneak peak at the hottest upcoming action-adventure films with exclusive clips from "  X-Men : Days of Future Past " and "  The Amazing Spider-Man 2 . " Viewers voted for their favorite onscreen performances this year in out-of-the-box categories like "  best fight , " "  best scared s ** tless performance , " and "  best WTF moment . " The winner and musical performers took the stage at the Nokia Theater , leading to the top five memorable moments of the night : No. 5 : Rita Ora rips off Zac Efron 's shirt Several sculpted actors were nominated for "  best shirtless performance , " including Chris Hemsworth , Leonardo DiCaprio , Sam Claflin , and the lone female Jennifer Aniston for her strip tease in "  We 're the Millers . " But the prize went to a fit Zac Efron for a bedroom scene in "  That Awkward Moment . " Presenters Jessica Alba and Rita Ora warned that the winner better show off the assets and come up onstage sans top . But Efron ignored the mandate and began accepting his award very much covered by his shirt -- that is until Rita snuck up behind him and ripped open the front of his blue button-up . The "  Awkward Moment " actor played along , pulling his shirt off while blowing kisses to the audience who were n't disappointed with the reveal of the tan and toned 6-pack that won him the prize . No. 4 : Seth Rogen shares a smooch with his mom Dave Franco , Seth Rogen , and Zac Efron took the stage to present the steamy category of "  best kiss . " To kick off the smooching shenanigans they held their own kissing contest , where they announced that three lucky audience members had a golden ticket that won them some lip time with the stars . Two beautiful young women bounded to the stage to claim their kisses with Franco and Efron ... but the third woman looked a little too familiar to Rogen . "  Wait a minute , that 's my mom ! " he yelled . "  Mom , no , go back to your seat Mom ! " Yet with all three women onstage , the men delivered and Rogen , not one to back down on his word , completely sucked face with his mother on live national television . Or , at least the woman pretending to be his mother . Jennifer Aniston , Emma Roberts , and Will Poulter were awarded the golden popcorn for "  best kiss " for their three-way make out session in "  We 're The Millers . " No. 3 : Channing Tatum and Mark Wahlberg take home two big prizes Two of the evening 's biggest honors went to leading men Channing Tatum and Mark Wahlberg . Tatum won the Trailblazer Award for his diverse roles in funny , romantic , and action-packed films . As his buddy Jonah Hill said while presenting Tatum the award , "  What 's more trailblazing than an attractive man becoming a movie star , eh ? " Tatum danced his way up to the stage to accept the honor , and gave a heartwarming speech of sincere thanks -- until he was silenced -- by Conan O'Brien 's picture of his privates . Yes , the comedian found a way to keep chatty celebrities quiet ; loading a dirty picture of himself smiling and pantless into the teleprompter . Mark Wahlberg was honored with the "  Generation Award " for his varied work over the course of his career . During his acceptance speech , the 42-year-old former rapper brought back his bad-boy side by dropping an F-bomb whenever he could . Joking that the "  Generation Award " meant he was past his prime and too old for a comeback , Wahlberg quipped , "  This is not the Channing Tatum ` You 're dancing around , chicks want you ' award . This is the ` You 're f *** g-done award . But look , it was a great run ! ' " But his career is not really over yet . The cast of "  Entourage " presented Wahlberg with his award , and the new "  Entourage " movie hits theaters in 2015 . No. 2 : Eminem and Rihanna give a ` Monster ' performance Even though the MTV Movie Awards are all about the silver screen , Rihanna and Eminem 's musical performance of their hit "  The Monster " had viewers and stars alike buzzing . Rihanna kicked off the smash hit backed by a live band , wearing an all-white dress and a FEAR headband . She was soon joined by Eminem , who made his entrance onstage amongst flashing red lights . It was the first time Slim Shady and the Barbados Babe have performed their smash hit on television , offering a sneak peak of their upcoming mini-tour set to hit New York , Los Angeles , and Detroit this summer . Other performances of the night included Ellie Goulding , Zedd , and twenty one pilots . No. 1 : ` Catching Fire ' takes top prize The biggest honor at the MTV Movie Awards is the "  Best Movie of the Year , " and this year the golden popcorn statuette for the prize went to "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire . " Johnny Depp presented the award to "  Catching Fire " stars Sam Claflin and Josh Hutcherson . Hutcherson and Jennifer Lawrence , who did not attend , also took home Best Male and Female Performances . After winning the top prize of the night , Claflin thanked all the fans of the franchise , while Hutcherson went on to acknowledge the hundreds of people whose hard work went into making the blockbuster . He also acknowledged his fellow cast member , Philip Seymour Hoffman , who died of acute mixed drug intoxication in February . "  I know if Philip were here , he 'd think this was really cool , " Hutcherson said . "  He 's one of the actors I look up to most in my life , so wherever he is , this goes out to him as well . "	The awards were held Sunday in Los Angeles Zac Efron had his shirt ripped off Seth Rogen got in a smooch Hutcherson paid homage to Philip Seymour Hoffman
PARIS , France  CNN  -- France is sending four state police units to its overseas department of Guadeloupe after a month of sometimes violent demonstrations , Interior Minister Michele Alliot-Marie said Thursday . French gendarmes face-off against Guadeloupe protesters . "  The pillaging ... the violence against people , are not tolerable and will not be tolerated , " Alliot-Marie told the French radio station RTL . "  It 's no longer simply a question of containing the protests . ... This mission of honor will continue to be undertaken , but we also have to fight against the violence . " French President Nicolas Sarkozy planned to meet with elected officials from overseas departments , including Guadeloupe , Thursday afternoon , his office announced . A general strike over low wages and living conditions in the Caribbean island has included demonstrations and clashes with police . At least one civilian has been killed in the riots , officials said . Hospitals and emergency services continue to function and the main international airport is open , but petrol stations , schools , and most businesses -- including supermarkets and car rental offices -- are closed , the British Foreign Office said in a travel advisory . Hotels are open , but the strike is causing daily cuts to electricity and water supplies , the Foreign Office said . French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said Thursday he is ready to approve a compromise that would give nearly a $ 200  $ 254  monthly supplement to workers in Guadeloupe with low-paying jobs . "  This crisis is serious , and profound , but it 's not new , " Fillon said , adding that it 's linked to "  the lifelessness of the economy in the Antilles , aggravated by the global economic crisis . " Sending supplementary police forces is justified , Fillon said , because "  we can not accept what has happened " in the department . He was referring to the attacks on businesses , the roadblocks in the streets and above all , the death of the civilian , who he said was a union leader . Agence France-Presse identified the victim as union representative Jacques Bino . He was shot dead Tuesday night when he drove past a roadblock manned by armed youths in the city of Pointe-a-Pitre . His car was hit three times by shotgun fire , prosecutors told AFP . Three police who accompanied emergency services trying to help the dying man were lightly wounded , officials said , according to AFP . Speaking with RTL on Wednesday , one demonstrator denied he was fanning the flames of unrest . "  We have always called for calm , " Elie Domota , leader of the Coalition against Exploitation , said . "  We have told the young people to go to their homes and continue to protest peacefully , but the police yesterday beat protesters and called them racist names , so the situation escalated . " CNN 's Alanne Orjoux in Atlanta , Georgia , contributed to this report	French police reinforcements being posted to Guadeloupe Island wracked by a month of sometimes violent protests over living conditions Protest leader denies encouraging violence Guadeloupe is French overseas territory
Editor 's note : CNN executive producer Suzanne Simons is the author of "  Master of War : Blackwater 's Erik Prince and the Global Business of War . " Private contractor Xe flies military personnel in Afghanistan and helps train Afghan border police . The company formerly known as Blackwater , now called Xe much to its chagrin , has been at the center of the contractor debate for years . From the time four of its men were ambushed and murdered in Fallujah , Iraq , in 2004 , to a shooting involving a team of its men in a Baghdad neighborhood in which at least 14 Iraqi civilians were killed in 2007 , the company has drawn unwanted headlines . Blackwater owner Erik Prince downsized the company earlier this year when business failed to keep pace with investment . He changed the company 's name after the Iraqi government banned it from doing business there . But those who thought contractors were going away under President Obama 's administration could n't be more wrong . According to the Department of Defense , there are some 68,000 contractors in Afghanistan today and more than 132,000 in Iraq . But those numbers are n't an accurate reflection of the total number of contractors because they do n't include those working for other government agencies such as the Department of State . Many of those tens of thousands are third-country nationals , meaning they were hired from a third country to go to Iraq . Many earn between $ 400 and $ 700 a month ; while Americans , particularly those performing dangerous security duties , can earn as much in a day . Despite being kicked out of Iraq , Xe still does a healthy business in Afghanistan , flying military personnel from one location to another and helping train Afghan border police charged with making the country 's massive , porous borders more secure . It 's one of the many jobs that the U.S. military just is n't staffed to tackle on its own . In fact , the U.S. military today is beefed up by a force of nearly a quarter million private contractors . There are even cases where contractors oversee the contractors . And that 's the problem . The U.S. has come to rely on them so heavily , in such a short period of time , that the government has come under fire for not managing them adequately . Even among the eight-member team that makes up the Wartime Contracting Commission , a congressionally mandated effort to review the contracting process in Iraq and Afghanistan , the question of whether the United States needs the contractors is n't even an issue . The issue , rather , is how well the government is managing this massive support force called up in the immediate aftermath of the war in Iraq . In its interim report released this month , the Commission found that "  neither the military nor the federal civilian acquisition workforces have expanded to keep pace with recent years ' enormous growth in the number and value of contingency contracts . " The report also said , "  the government still lacks clear standards and policy on inherently governmental functions . The decision has immediate salience given the decisions to use contractors in armed-security and life-support tasks for military units . " One of the biggest nightmares for legislators is that the force that has grown into such a critical modern-day military support structure was for a long time operating in a legal gray zone with no clear avenue of justice should something unsavory occur . That has led to some tough work for both prosecutors and the FBI , as they take on the task of investigating allegations of wrongdoing by contractors overseas . Doug Brooks , head of the IPOA , an industry-friendly voluntary organization made up of 62 companies , spends much of his time doing outreach and making sure member companies measure up to the internal standards . "  We have the power to kick people out of the association , " Brooks said , but that 's about where it ends . They ca n't prosecute anyone . But to say that there has been no progress on the legal front would n't be fair . Legislation has been passed that essentially holds contractors accountable for their actions under the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act , but with everything in this business , there was a hang-up with that , too . The legislation was written to cover contractors working in support of the Department of Defense , but there are even more contractors working in support of the State Department and other U.S. agencies . The Special Inspector General for Iraq , Stuart W. Bowen Jr. produced a report in February titled Hard Lessons : The Iraq Reconstruction Experience . He then testified before Congress that "  the United States government was unprepared and ill-equipped to mount a major contingency relief and reconstruction program in Iraq in 2003 . For the last six years we have been on a steep learning curve . " He also told members of Congress that the United States relies too heavily on the hired help , testifying that "  outsourcing management to contractors should be limited because it complicates lines of authority in contingency reconstruction operations . " Something that retired Lt. Gen. Richard Sanchez would undoubtedly agree with . Sanchez , who led the U.S. military operation in the early days of the Iraq war , has launched an information campaign aimed at bringing more accountability to the debate . He 's even called for a truth commission to investigate policies regarding the interrogation of detainees . Guess what . Contractors were involved in that scandal , too . As for Blackwater , scandal , or the suspicion of it , played a significant role in its downturn . Plagued by lawsuits and federal investigations , the company now called Xe is a shell of what Blackwater was five years ago . Most of Prince 's top executives are gone , budgets have been dramatically curtailed and the company has largely returned to its roots , as a training facility for law enforcement and special forces . Is Blackwater 's fate a sign that things are sour in the industry ? Hardly . As IPOA 's Brooks puts it , they 're here to stay , its about time we made it work . "  I think the other conclusion that companies have come to is that we 're going to be working with the private sector . Nobody wants soldiers to go back to flipping eggs , guarding gates , that kind of thing . "	Blackwater , now Xe , has garnered unwanted attention over the past few years Though kicked out of Iraq , Xe does a great deal of business in Afghanistan Bottom line : U.S. relies heavily on private military contractors The issue is how well U.S. government manages this support force
CNN  -- Additional polio cases have been confirmed in two new areas in Syria : near the capital of Damascus and in northern Aleppo , near Turkey , the World Health Organization said Tuesday . In Syria 's first outbreak of the disease since 1999 , 10 cases of polio were initially confirmed among children last month . That number has now risen to 17 , the WHO said . In addition to 15 cases confirmed in Deir Ezzor province , "  two additional cases have been confirmed , one each in rural Damascus and Aleppo , confirming widespread circulation of the virus , " the WHO said in a statement . It said the risk of further spread of the disease was considered high given the fighting , large-scale movement of refugees and number of children who have not been fully immunized in the country . Last month , health officials launched a program to immunize 1.6 million Syrian children against polio , measles , mumps and rubella -- in government - and rebel-held areas . The response , which also includes neighboring countries , is expected to last at least six months , the WHO has said . "  A surveillance alert has been issued for the region to actively search for additional potential cases in addition to implementing the recommended supplementary immunization activities with oral polio vaccine , " the WHO said . About 22 million children under the age of 5 are being targeted in mass polio vaccination campaigns in the region , it said . According to UNICEF , 500,000 children in Syria have not been vaccinated against polio . The highly infectious viral disease , which spreads via fecal-oral transmission and contaminated food and water , primarily affects young children . Initial symptoms can include fever , fatigue , headache , vomiting , neck stiffness , limb pain and , in a small number of cases , paralysis and death . It can be prevented through immunization , but there is no cure . The incidence of the disease has dropped by more than 99 % since 1988 . It remains endemic in three countries -- Pakistan , Nigeria and Afghanistan -- down from more than 125 countries in 1988 . Public health can be among the first casualties of war , as resources are diverted from ensuring clean water supplies and intact sewer lines . According to the United Nations , more than 100,000 people have died in the Syrian conflict , which began in March 2011 when government forces cracked down on peaceful protesters . Vaccination campaign against polio , other diseases , begins in Mideast CNN 's Per Nyberg contributed to this report .	World Health Organization : Polio cases have spread to Aleppo and rural Damascus It says a total of 17 polio cases have been confirmed The risk of further spread is high , the WHO says
London  CNN  -- The jazz record was only three minutes long , but it was enough time to cast a spell on a wealthy European heiress who became determined to meet the artist behind the beautiful ballad with the haunting overtones . That record was "  Round Midnight , " by a relatively unknown jazz pianist Thelonious Monk and hearing it would herald the start of a life-long friendship between him and heiress Baroness Pannonica de Koenigswarter . Born into the hugely wealthy Rothschild banking dynasty and married to a French diplomat , the baroness , known as Nica , gave up a world of privilege for the love of jazz and devoted herself to Monk , who was considered one of America 's great musical geniuses . She later became known as "  the Jazz Baroness " -- and could be spotted mingling with music legends of the bebop era , such as Charlie Parker , Art Blakey and Miles Davis . To explore Nica 's elusive past , Hannah Rothschild tells her great aunt 's mysterious life story in her book , "  The Baroness : The Search for Nica , the rebellious Rothschild " . Nica was first touched by jazz in 1948 while on a trip to New York . Just before catching a flight to join her family , she stopped to visit a friend , the jazz musician Teddy Wilson who put on "  Round Midnight . " WATCH : YouTube video of Thelonius Monk performing "  Round Midnight " After hearing that record , the baroness ' life changed forever , recalls Rothschild . "  It was like the vinyl version of a spell being cast . " "  It quite literally spirited her from one world to another and she never went home . That was it . She missed every single plane , stayed in New York , determined to meet this man Thelonious Monk . " In that very moment , she left her husband and five children behind and devoted herself to meeting the legendary musician . Armed with a mile long cigarette holder , a fur coat and a set of pearls , Nica could be found swaying to the blues in the big apple 's jazz clubs or ferrying bands to performances in her convertible Bentley . But Nica did n't find herself in the presence of Monk until some years later at the ` Salon du Jazz 1954 ' concert in Paris . She was introduced to Monk backstage by a mutual friend - pianist Mary Lou Williams -- "  and once they met they were inseparable " , notes Rothschild . Though Monk was married , the relationship between the Baroness and him remained platonic , according to Rothschild 's research . "  I believe what kept them together was their love of music , particularly his music might I add . A real sense of companionship and friendship . " Part of Nica 's passion for jazz could be traced back to her experience during World War II . With Jewish relatives disappearing in the Holocaust , she played an active role in the war and even fought in the battlefields of Africa for Charles De Gaulle 's Free French Army in Congo . After serving in numerous capacities , she ended the war as a decorated lieutenant . "  She had a very interesting war and when she came back it was impossible for her to settle down to a life of normalcy and domesticity , " explains Rothschild . While Nica never took up composing or playing music herself , she remained a friend and philanthropist to the genre . As a result , she was a source of material for a dozen songs composed by jazz greats . Songs included Sonny Clark 's "  Nica " , Kenny Dorham 's "  Tonica " , Tommy Flanagan 's "  Thelonica " -- to name a few . The baroness remained close friends with Monk , funding his performances and even went to jail for him . The incident happened in 1958 when police stopped the pair en route to an out-of-town gig and found a small amount of Monk 's marijuana in her car . Nica claimed it was hers and she was sentenced to three years in prison . After a two-year legal battle funded by the Rothschild 's , the case was dismissed on a technicality in the appeal court . In Monk 's last years , he suffered from mental health problems and withdrew from playing jazz altogether by secluding himself in Nica 's New Jersey home . But at his funeral -- Monk died in 1982 , from a stroke , both his wife Nellie and Nica were greeted by mourners as widows . Six years after Monk 's death , Nica passed away , aged 74 , after undergoing a heart valve operation . Though Rothschild only met her great aunt a handful of times on her visits to New York , she was devastated by the loss . "  I went into a silent mourning of not having spent more time with her and not having asked those questions , " recalls Rothschild . "  It occurred to me one day that just because somebody has died or passed on , it does n't mean that your relationship with them is completely over . " And each time Rothschild listens to that infamous Monk record , she wonders , "  Maybe this time it 'll change my life and I 'll leave my children and my country and my friends -- but it has n't happened yet . "	British Baroness of Rothschild family abandoned her family for New York jazz scene As the ` the jazz baroness , ' she mingled with greats including Charlie Parker , Miles Davies Love of music helped her build a life-long friendship with jazz great Thelonious Monk
CNN  -- Two young men , a bunch of subordinates , one master plan : Take over the drug trade at some of Pennsylvania 's best schools . Authorities announced Tuesday that they were able to foil this ambitious effort -- unearthing marijuana , hash oil , cocaine , ecstasy  or MDMA , its active ingredient  as well as cash and several weapons -- and arrest the pair allegedly at the center of it , among others . "  They were in business to make money , and they were going to do whatever they needed to do to make sure that no one threatened their business , " Montgomery County District Attorney Risa Vetri Ferman said . She was speaking primarily of the main suspects , 25-year-old Neil Scott and 18-year-old Timothy Brooks , behind what they allegedly called the "  Main Line Take-Over Project " -- the Main Line referring to a group of affluent towns and cities outside Philadelphia . Officials claim Scott helmed the operation , including shipping large amounts of marijuana from California to Pennsylvania , while Brooks supervised sub-dealers at area high schools . And these were n't just any schools . They include the prestigious Haverford School , from which both Scott and Brooks graduated . They had ties to its lacrosse program . The public high schools of Conestoga , Radnor , Harriton and Lower Merion -- each of which have some of the highest SAT scores in Pennsylvania -- were also part of the ring , according to the district attorney 's office . So , too , were nearby Gettysburg , Haverford and Lafayette Colleges . In brief comments Tuesday , Scott 's lawyer Tom Egan said his client 's "  main concern ... is how the mandatory minimums are going to operate if he 's indeed guilty of the offenses . " Greg Pagano , Brooks ' attorney , spoke more extensively regarding his client , who went to the University of Richmond in 2013 on a lacrosse scholarship then left after one semester . He said Brooks had gotten injured , after which he was at home , "  idle and suffering from some depression " when he got involved with Scott "  at a very susceptible , low point in his life . " "  He 's willing to accept responsibility for what he did , " Pagano said of Brooks , whom he said "  was involved in this conspiracy for a very , very short period of time . " In a news conference and release , authorities laid out what they described as an elaborate operation to build up business . This effort included things like offering incentives to sub-dealers , such as lower drug prices and being able to buy them on credit . Including Scott and Brooks , eight people have been arrested in the case , an arrest warrant is out on another , and there are petitions for two juveniles . All but two of those arrested attended local schools such as Lafayette College , the Haverford School and local public high schools . They face a host of drug , criminal conspiracy and other charges . Reflecting on the areas where this alleged drug scheme operated , Seth Williams -- the district attorney for Philadelphia , which is near the schools in question -- said in a press release , "  The days of , ` It ca n't happen here ' are long gone . " The arrests follow an investigation that began in January . Authorities say seized text messages showed the suspects ' plans to expand the business , with Scott giving Brooks business advice on how to expand marijuana sales in local high schools and Brooks encouraging sub-dealers to "  efficiently distribute drugs at their schools , " Ferman 's office said . Authorities assert the discovery of a loaded .223 caliber AR-15 assault rifle , in addition to a semi-automatic pistol and another rifle , suggest the drug ring 's leaders had the capability to use force . Ferman admitted she 's bothered by the fact Scott -- who left Connecticut College after three semesters of study after being sanctioned for using marijuana and creating fake IDs -- and Brooks both attended Haverford , then allegedly did what they did . "  You 're dealing with kids from one of the finest institutions probably in the country , " she said . "  To take those skills and turn it into this kind of illegal enterprise is very distressing . " McDonald 's worker 's Happy Meals had a bit extra : heroin Former Army sergeant conspired in drug trade ` Subway vigilante ' Goetz arrested in undercover drug bust Ohio : Teen ran drug ring that grossed $ 20,000 a month	NEW : DA : Suspects ready to make sure "  no on threatened their business " NEW : Authorities seize pot , cocaine , ecstasy and several weapons Ring included 3 colleges , 5 high schools near Philly , officials say "  The days of , ` It ca n't happen here ' are long gone , " one district attorney says
CNN  -- Few games seem so well suited to the mores of the modern sports fan as rugby sevens . With quick-fire matches , end-to-end action and points galore , the speeded-up , pared-down version of rugby union satisfies a 21st-century urge for smaller , faster , flashier fare . A newcomer to the sport might reasonably conclude that the game -- seven-a-side , seven minutes each half -- was the result of a recent refashioning of the 15-man sport , but it traces its roots back to the late 19th century . English public schoolboy William Webb Ellis is famously credited with inventing the game of rugby itself in 1823 , but the abbreviated version was the brainchild of a butcher from Scotland called Ned Haig . When his local rugby club in the town of Melrose was casting around for ideas to improve its ailing finances , Haig , together with his boss at the butchery , David Sanderson , came up with an idea that would change rugby forever . Recalling the moment some years later , Haig said : "  Want of money made us rack our brains as to what was to be done to keep the club from going to the wall , and the idea struck me that a football tournament might prove attractive , but as it was hopeless to think of having several games in one afternoon with 15 players on each side , the teams were reduced to seven men . " Sevens rugby kicks off On April 28 , 1883 , Melrose Football Club hosted the world 's first sevens tournament at its Greenyards ground . Hundreds of spectators turned up to cheer on the home side as they did battle with six teams from neighboring Scottish Borders towns . Fittingly , it was the Melrose team , which included Haig , who went on to win and receive a silver cup donated by local ladies . Barring two interruptions for war , the "  Ladies Cup " has been presented to the winning team every year since , keeping up a proud tradition and ensuring a place on the world sporting map . "  Rugby is very much part of the community , " Melrose RFC marketing director Douglas Hardie told CNN 's Rugby Sevens Worldwide show . "  It 's very much an integral part and is the social hub of the town . I think if you mention the name Melrose anyone , certainly in the western world , will have heard of it and it 's primarily down to the fact that rugby sevens were founded here . " Haig died in 1939 , aged 80 , long before the game really took off . Its success would have confounded him , Hardie thinks , as it does the town 's 1,600 inhabitants . "  In fact , we have to pinch ourselves , " he says . "  You have to bear in mind that we do n't own the game of rugby sevens , we are merely its custodians to pass down to future generations so they can enjoy it as much as we have . " It was n't so much a passing down as a spreading of the message in the years following the first sevens tournament . Twelve months later , neighboring Galashiels organized its own event and soon sevens tournaments were a being held all over the Scottish Borders and further north in Edinburgh . English audiences got their first taste of the game in 1926 when London-based Scot Dr. J.A. Russell-Cargill organized the first Middlesex Sevens at Twickenham . Sevens goes global With the "  auld enemy " persuaded , the task now was to convince rest of the world . Rugby-playing Commonwealth nations -- New Zealand , Australia and South Africa -- were early adopters as the game spread steadily in the decades following World War Two . But it was n't until 1973 that the first international sevens tournament took place as part of the Scottish Rugby Union 's centenary celebrations . Seven countries and a President 's VII took part , with England beating Ireland 22-18 in the final at Murrayfield in Edinburgh . Two decades later at the same venue , 24 nations contested the inaugural Rugby Sevens World Cup -- and an unfancied England team won again , beating Australia 21-17 in final to lift the Melrose Cup . Fiji , led by sevens legend Waisale Serevi , took the title four years later as the tournament moved to Hong Kong . The South Sea Islanders repeated the feat in 2005 to become the first team to win the trophy twice -- a mark matched by 2001 winners New Zealand in Moscow 's Luzhniki Stadium earlier this year . While the 2013 event did n't attract the spectator numbers that organizers had hoped for , the general trend is of a steady growth in ticket sales . "  What we have noticed is the change gradually over the years , " says Hardie . "  Melrose sevens was purely for rugby aficionados a few years ago , but that has now changed to a degree and it is perhaps getting to be as much of a social event as it is a sporting event . " Perhaps the best example of this is the Hong Kong Sevens -- a three-day jamboree held every year since 1976 where a mix of beer , body paint and fancy dress costumes provide a noisy and colorful backdrop to action on the pitch . Olympic dreams Away from the alcoholic haze engulfing the Hong Kong Stadium , Hardie offers a sober assessment of the game 's ongoing appeal . "  Rugby sevens now is a sport played by athletes , " he says . "  They are much fitter , much stronger -- it is a faster , more entertaining game . Someone who perhaps is not a rugby follower can come along to a sevens tournament and enjoy it . " Participation continues to grow , notably so in the U.S. where rugby union is currently the fastest growing sport . More than one million people  a third of them women  play rugby at some level , according to the International Rugby Board . Turnstiles are also ticking over nicely in the U.S. with last year 's Sevens World Series event in Las Vegas attracting 64,000 spectators , the country 's record rugby crowd . But it is an invitation to the world 's biggest sporting occasion in Rio de Janeiro in 2016 that has got everyone in rugby excited . The announcement by the International Olympic Committee in October 2009 that rugby sevens , along with golf , would be included in both the 2016 and 2020 Summer Olympics has provided the sport with a priceless boost . The 15-man game was actually played in the early editions of the modern Olympics -- founder Pierre de Coubertin was a fan of the sport 's spirit and ethics . So , it seems are today 's IOC members . "  It 's mind-blowing , " says Hardie . "  Considering where it started from , to now look at it as a worldwide Olympic sport is quite unbelievable . " From a butcher 's shop in Scotland to the top table of international competition , rugby sevens looks like it will be serving up many sporting feasts for decades to come .	Rugby sevens started in the Scottish Borders town of Melrose in 1883 A butcher called Ned Haig came up with idea to raise money for his local club Fiji and New Zealand have both won the Sevens World Cup twice Sevens will be a part of the 2016 Olympics in Rio de Janeiro
CNN  -- The death of Marie Osmond 's 18-year-old son has been classified as a suicide , police said Sunday . A family spokesman on Saturday said that Michael Blosil had died . Los Angeles Police Department spokeswoman Karen Rayner told CNN she could not release further information because the death is a Los Angeles County coroner 's case . The coroner 's office said the case was on "  security hold " and nothing further would be released Sunday . In a statement issued Saturday through a spokesman , Osmond said : "  My family and I are devastated and in deep shock by the tragic loss of our dear Michael and ask that everyone respect our privacy during this difficult time . " Osmond 's Web site describes her as "  the proud mother of eight beautiful children who are always her greatest treasures . " Marie Osmond and her brother Donny hosted the national television variety show "  The Donny & Marie Show " from 1976 to 1981 . Afterward , she had acting and singing careers . She recently competed in a season of "  Dancing With the Stars . " In 2001 , she wrote "  Behind the Smile , " about her experience with postpartum depression . CNN 's Lynn Lamanivong contributed to this report .	Michael Blosil was 18 years old , one of Osmond 's eight children "  My family and I are devastated and in deep shock , " entertainer says in statement Family spokesman announced Blosil 's death Saturday
CNN  -- Tropical Storm Bret is expected to strengthen as it moves away from the Bahamas and out to sea , the National Hurricane Center said Monday . As of 2 p.m. , Bret -- the second tropical storm of the 2011 Atlantic hurricane season -- was about 100 miles  160 kilometers  north of Great Abaco Island , according to the hurricane center . The storm had been about 65 miles  105  from the island earlier Monday . The storm is drifting to the north-northeast and is expected to pick up speed and strength as it moves away from land , according to forecasters . Grand Bahama Island and the Abaco Islands in the northwest Bahamas nevertheless remained under a tropical storm warning Monday . Bret could dump 2 to 4 inches of rain in the northwest Bahamas . The storm had maximum sustained winds of 50 mph  85 kph  Monday afternoon , with higher gusts .	Tropical Storm Bret begins to move away from land Tropical storm warnings remain for Grand Bahama , Abaco Islands in the Bahamas It is drifting to the north-northeast
TEGUCIGALPA , Honduras  CNN  -- Five people died and more than 80 were injured when a commercial airliner overshot the runway into an adjoining street , crushing three vehicles and splitting into three sections before resting a few feet from a house , officials said . A television image shows the Grupo TACA plane lying in a neighborhood in Tegucigalpa , Honduras . Grupo Taca Airlines Flight No. 390 was traveling from San Salvador to Tegucigalpa with 135 people -- 124 passengers , two pilots , four flight attendants and five crew members who were being repositioned . The Airbus A-320 landed at Toncontin International Airport amid high winds and low visibility at at 9:45 a.m.  11:45 a.m. ET  , a Taca spokeswoman said . In traveling 300 meters beyond the runway , the jet 's cockpit was badly damaged and its fuel tank was breached . Though jet fuel flowed across the pavement , it did not ignite . Emergency workers covered the area and many of the passengers with foam . Among the fatalities were the pilot ; passenger Harry Brautigam , president of the Central American Bank for Economic Integration , who suffered a heart attack ; and a taxi driver whose vehicle was struck by the jetliner . Watch the site of the crash " Earlier reports that seven people had died were erroneous , Honduran officials said Saturday . The passengers included one from the United States , three from Colombia , three from Nicaragua and the rest from Honduras and El Salvador , Taca reported . President Manuel Zelaya told CNN en Espanol that he spoke with a friend who was a passenger on the flight . The man told him that the passengers applauded when the pilot landed . That is not unusual , because the airport is in a valley , and the approach can be difficult , he said . But when the plane did not stop at the end of the runway , emergency personnel snapped into action , Zelaya said . Firefighters were at the door within 20 seconds , and they quickly doused a fire that had broken out in one of the motors , avoiding a worse disaster , he said . As a result of the wreck , landings at Toncontin will be rerouted to an airport 45 minutes from Tegucigalpa for all planes except those with 42 passengers or fewer , Zelaya said . The other airport has longer runways , and Zelaya predicted that hangars could be prepared and immigration facilities readied within two weeks . A tropical depression -- a remnant of a tropical storm that hit nearby Nicaragua a day earlier , hung over the city on Friday , said CNN meteorologist Guillermo Arduino . But it was not raining when the plane touched down , and Zelaya said weather did not appear to have played a role in the accident . Toncontin was closed after the accident , but authorities were planning to reopen it during the weekend . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board was sending two investigators to the site , as is the U.S. Federal Aviation Administration , to help the governments of Honduras and El Salvador in their investigation . In addition , International Aero Engines and the BEA of France were each sending an investigator . CNN 's Layla Banegas contributed to this story .	NEW : Larger planes will be required to land at another airport Tropical depression was over city on Friday , says CNN 's Guillermo Arduino Among dead : pilot , president of the Central American Bank for Economic Integration The Airbus A-320 landed amid high winds , low visibility
Lagos , Nigeria  CNN  -- The Nigerian military acknowledged Sunday that civilians may have been "  caught in the crossfire " last week during an operation to root out criminal gangs in the country 's Delta State . The armed forces began an offensive targeting alleged militant leader John Togo on Wednesday , attacking rebel camps near the village of Ayakoromo and dislodging some militants who had sought refuge in villagers ' homes . The targeted group -- the Niger Delta Liberation Force -- has accused the military of large-scale massacre and rape in the village and surrounding areas , allegations that military spokesman Timothy Antigha called "  completely false . " "  It is possible a few civilians were caught in the crossfire , " Antigha , a spokesman for the military 's Joint Task Force , which was formed to combat rebels , said Sunday . A local official said he saw at least 10 villagers ' bodies among the casualties . The task force released a statement Saturday saying "  there is no evidence on the ground to justify any claim of genocide against the JTF . " The statement acknowledged that buildings near the targeted camps became involved in the crossfire when fleeing militants took them over and exchanged gunfire with security forces . "  It is an established practice that civilian accommodation , offices , churches , mosques , hospitals , cultural places , shrines are non-military targets , but if they are used to stage an attack , such civilian accommodation or office automatically loses that immunity and becomes a military target , " the statement said . As many as six soldiers were killed in the operation , Antigha said , and about 100 people were displaced . The operation has been suspended while the military assists affected residents , he said . The oil-rich Niger Delta has been the site of frequent clashes between militant groups and the Nigerian military . One of the most prominent rebel groups , the Movement for the Emancipation of the Niger Delta , and other militant groups say they 're fighting for a fairer distribution of the region 's oil wealth . Analysts say they are often paid by politicians to support their own bid for power .	Civilians may have been "  caught in the crossfire , " official says The Nigerian military has been working to root out militants in Delta State Militants have accused security forces of genocide and rape The military has denied the allegations
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- A Fort Lauderdale official said that only one person was on a plane that slammed into a vacant house Friday , a crash called "  not survivable " by a fire official . Bystanders watch the flames after the plane crash Friday in Fort Lauderdale , Florida . The twin-engine Cessna crashed about 11:15 a.m. in a neighborhood not far from Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport , from which it took off , the city official said . Video from the scene showed a small house virtually cut in two as firefighters poured water on smoking debris . Chaz Adams -- spokesman for the city of Fort Lauderdale , which owns the airport -- said that there was only one person aboard and that a previous report of four passengers was incorrect . The Federal Aviation Administration also said the flight plan listed one person on board , and witnesses at the airport have told the FAA that only one person boarded the aircraft . Adams said three people live in the house that was hit , but "  the house was vacant when the plane down . " He said the plane was headed to Fernandina Beach , north of Jacksonville , Florida . Seconds after takeoff , the pilot reported trouble . "  The tower cleared it to come back and try to land at Fort Lauderdale Executive Airport . The plane crashed attempting to return to the airport , " Adams said . Watch an iReporter describe the crash " Donald Widing , chief of fire rescue for Oakland Park , said , "  the crash was not survivable . " "  The fire is under control . The emergency is contained , " he said a little more than an hour after the crash . "  What we 're doing now is making sure that the scene is safe enough to introduce our first responders to do a complete primary and secondary search of the aircraft wreckage itself and the occupancy . " He added , "  we are concerned with the plane 's fuel tanks and have to save the house and the scene before we can conduct any further search-and-rescue operations . " Watch firefighters tackle the blaze " Asked whether more than one home in the area was impacted , Widing said , "  we 're still assessing the damage . " He said "  the majority of the fire " was "  contained on the property that was affected . " However , he said , there may be minor fire damage and some heat damage elsewhere . Nation Transportation Safety Board officials were going to the scene . CNN 's Rich Phillips contributed to this report .	NEW : City spokesman , FAA say one person aboard small plane Home where plane crashed appears empty , chief says Pilot reported trouble after takeoff from executive airport Twin-engine Cessna was bound for Fernandina Beach
Washington  CNN  -- President Barack Obama said Thursday his plan to improve America 's education system includes charter schools , intense teacher education and parent involvement . "  Now , I know some argue that during a recession , we should focus solely on economic issues ... but education is an economic issue , if not the economic issue , of our time , " Obama said at the National Urban League 's 100th Anniversary Convention in Washington . "  We 've tolerated a status quo where America lags behind other nations . " On the issue of higher education , he noted that America used to be first and is now 12th globally when it comes to college graduation rates . Middle-schoolers continue to fall behind in math and science , and the income gap continues to widen between white and African-American students , he said . "  It 's essential that we put a college degree that 's in reach of everyone  who  wants it , " he said , adding that the college graduation rate needs to increase by 2020 . He also noted that the federal government has increased scholarships and other loan money to achieve that goal , "  so young people do n't graduate like Michelle and me with such big loan payments every month , " he noted to an applauding audience . Obama said his administration wants to reform and strengthen historically black colleges and universities , but "  even if we do all this good stuff for higher education , too many of our children see college as a distant dream because their education went off the rails long before they turned 18 , " he said . He said he is challenging states to offer better early learning options so children can enter kindergarten ready to learn . "  Knowing colors , knowing shapes ... knowing how to sit still . You got ta learn that , especially when you 're a boy , " he said smiling . He acknowledged heavy criticism from civil rights groups about the education reform plans . "  Part  of the criticism  reflects a general resistance to change ... the status quo is not working , " he said . "  We 're lifting up quality for all our children ... You ca n't win grants unless you 've got a plan to ... deal with schools that have been forgotten . " The Obama education plan champions better teacher pay , but also asks for tangible results . He noted that his sister is a teacher . "  I 'm here because of great teachers , " he said . "  Teachers are the single most important factor in a child 's education from moment they step into the classroom . I want higher salaries . I want more support . I want them to be trained like the professionals they are ... with rigorous residencies like doctors go through . "  I do n't want talented young people to say , ` I 'd love to teach , but I ca n't afford it . ' Instead of a culture where we 're always idolizing sports starts and celebrities , I want some teachers on the covers on some of those magazines , " he said . The president has demanded accountability in his plan . "  As we applaud teachers for their hard work , we need to make sure we 're seeing results in the classroom , " he said . "  Let 's work with teachers to become more effective . " If that does n't work , Obama said officials need to find the right teacher for that classroom . "  Our goal is n't to fire or to admonish teachers , it 's to provide accountability . " Obama noted that the administration 's Race to the Top program has sparked 32 states to reform their education laws "  before we even spent a dime , " he said . "  In each round we 've leveraged change across the country ... sown the seeds of achievement . " He said the program is different from the No Child Left Behind reform that he said caused states to lower standards . "  They are now raising those standards back up partly because of Race to the Top , " he noted . Obama said sometimes a school 's problems are so deep , they need a complete overhaul . He said he 's challenging states to turn around 5,000 of the lowest-performing schools , and $ 4 billion has been earmarked for those schools . "  It 's not about labeling a troubled school as a failure , it 's about investing in that school 's future . " "  In some cases that means restarting the school under different management as a charter school , " he said . "  Some people do n't like charter schools ... but I want to give states and school districts the chance to try new things . If charter schools does n't work , we 'll hold it accountable and shut it down . " Obama called Race to the Top "  the single most ambitious , meaningful reform effort we 've attempted in this country in generations . We wo n't see results overnight . ... It may take a decade for these changes to pay off . " The last ingredient to Obama 's education reform effort is parent involvement . But the president said children should take responsibility for their education , too . "  Parents are going to have to get more involved in their children 's education , " he said . "  Our kids need to understand nobody 's gon na hand them a future . Education is n't something you just tip your head and they pour it in your ear . You 've got to want it . " Obama acknowledged that some families are dealing with unemployment , substance abuse and violence . "  I know the character of America 's young people . I saw them volunteer on my campaign ... ask questions in town hall meetings and ... write me letters . " Race to the Top is funded under the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act to reward states for aggressively reforming their education systems . The $ 4.35 billion is being awarded in two phases . Tennessee and Delaware were the only two states to receive funds in the first round of the competition . Eighteen states and the District of Columbia were selected as finalists this week to receive more than $ 3 billion in the second round of funding for the program . The second-round finalists will travel to Washington in early August to present their plans to the reviewers who scored their applications , according to the Education Department . The winners will be announced in September . Not all of the finalists , however , will be awarded grants from the nearly $ 3.4 billion remaining in program , Education Secretary Arne Duncan said , adding that Obama has requested $ 1.35 billion for the program in the administration 's fiscal 2011 budget . Tennessee received nearly $ 501 million , allowing the state and all 136 school districts to move forward in implementing comprehensive school reform plans over the next four years . Delaware has received about $ 100 million . The two states earned high marks for the commitment to reform from elected officials , teacher 's union leaders and business leaders . Federal education officials said Delaware and Tennessee also have aggressive plans to improve teacher and principal evaluation and turn around their lowest-performing schools . In addition , both states have put in place strong laws and policies to support their reform efforts .	NEW : Obama says charter schools , teacher education and parent involvement are key The Race to the Top program rewards states for aggressive education reform NEW : Obama says states have already begun to raise their education standards
Washington  CNN  -- The U.S. Secret Service offered only vague information in its first criminal filing in federal court about how deep accused fence-jumper Omar Gonzalez entered the White House , in contrast to the dramatic account of the intruder 's dash through the building that was revealed by lawmakers Monday . In a sworn affidavit filed with the court on the night of the incident , Secret Service officer Daniel Hochman offered details based on his "  personal observations " of Gonzalez 's sprint inside the White House . In his account , Hochman described how he "  yelled " at Gonzalez to stop . "  Instead , Omar Gonzalez ran toward the White House , " Hochman continued . The officer then suggested that Gonzalez was subdued shortly after making his way through the North Portico doors of the White House . "  Moments later , Omar Gonzalez went through the north doors of the White House and entered the White House . Soon thereafter , inside the White House , Omar Gonzalez was apprehended by United States Secret Service Officers , " Hochman said in the affidavit . As it turned out , Gonzalez made it much farther into the White House than the court filing described . The intruder was stopped in the East Room of the building , a law enforcement official told CNN Monday . Gonzalez appeared in a DC federal court Wednesday and pleaded not guilty on charges of unlawful entry while armed and two other charges . On the night of the incident , Secret Service spokesman Brian Leary told CNN Secret Service officers apprehended Gonzalez "  just inside the North Portico doors . " At a hearing of the House Oversight Committee Tuesday , Chairman Darrell Issa grilled Secret Service Director Julia Pierson on the accuracy of the affidavit on just how far Gonzalez penetrated the White House . "  The federal complaint said he was -- he was in fact apprehended in one place . Is n't it true he was apprehended further into the White House , " Issa asked . Once it was apparent Pierson was not directly answering the question , Issa interjected . "  In fact , the federal complaint and the earlier reports were not accurate , Is that correct ? Yes or no , please , " Issa asked . "  I think the original complaint is accurate that Mr. Gonzalez scaled the fence , " Pierson responded . Issa cut her off again . "  I want to know if we can rely on reports from your agency , " Issa complained . A federal law enforcement official told CNN the information provided to reporters on the night of the intrusion was based on what was told to Secret Service spokesmen at that time . But the whereabouts of the fence-jumper 's capture was not the only discrepancy that night . Rep. Jason Chaffetz , R-UT pressed Pierson on statements to the media that indicated Gonzalez was unarmed . On the night of the incident , Leary , the Secret Service spokesman , had told reporters Gonzalez was not carrying a weapon . But Hochman 's affidavit from September 19 states Gonzalez "  carried a deadly or dangerous weapon , " described as a Spyderco VG-10 black folding knife with a three and a half inch serrated blade . "  Why would the Secret Service put out an official press release saying that , " Chaffetz asked about the agency 's failure to disclose the knife found on Gonzalez . "  Did you call them back and say you got that wrong , " Chaffetz continued . "  I have no knowledge of that , " Pierson replied . "  Did you read the press release before it went out ? " Chaffetz asked . "  I have read the press release before it went out , " Pierson answered . Dan Bongino , a former Secret Service agent and Republican who is running for Congress in Maryland , said affidavits from agency officers are sometimes intentionally vague . "  Why give up free information " to defense attorneys , Bongino said . But Bongino said Pierson 's handling of the Gonzalez case is indicative of the "  small , insular group of managers " in charge of the agency . During Pierson 's testimony Tuesday , lawmakers noted her 30 years of service to the embattled agency . Bongino said Pierson 's long tenure and promotion to director are more a reflection of what he described as the agency 's practice of promoting from within . "  It 's a reflection , sadly , of the cabal , " Bongino said .	Secret Service provided vague details of fence jumping incident in initial affidavit Lawmakers are questioning whether Secret Service provided full account of what happened Issa to Secret Service chief : "  I want to know if we can rely on reports from your agency "
CNN  -- The Washington Navy Yard is the home to high-level naval personnel and is the workplace for at least 3,000 service members and civilian employees . Located in the heart of Washington , D.C. , the premises include a park and many buildings . Chief of Naval Operations Jonathan Greenert was at his residence at the Yard on Monday and was evacuated , CNN 's Barbara Starr said . She added that in her experience visiting the facility , security is extensive . Everyone must have clearance to be there or valid identification that allows them entry . But she added that "  you could have all the authority in the world to be on the installation " and still plan to do harm without detection by guards . Read more about entering the Yard The Yard includes the headquarters for the Naval Historical Center and the U.S. Navy Judge Advocate General 's Corps , among others . It 's the headquarters for the Naval Sea Systems Command , where police said shots were fired Monday . Capt. Mark Vandroff spoke to reporters , explaining that he and his colleagues remained in a conference room in their building -- 197 -- hunkered down until the scene was safe . He described the building as the largest of three overseen by the Naval Sea System command , the Navy 's organization that procures and maintains ships and submarines . Building 197 houses headquarter staff , legal team , contractors , engineers and buyers of various weapon and defense systems , among others , he said . Vandroff added that he was very happy that his staff remained calm , though they were scared as they hunkered down in a conference room . " 'Cause we knew if we sheltered in place eventually the police would come get us , " he said . The Navy Museum at the Yard is open to the public . Leutze Park hosts ceremonies and offers walking tours . The Yard has a dramatic history , its website says . A former shipyard and ordnance plant , it 's the oldest U.S. onshore installation . It was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973 and designated a National Historic Landmark three years later . The Yard was created in 1799 by an act of Congress , the Naval History and Heritage Command says . It was envisioned as a shipbuilding and fitting facility on the Anacostia River and over the years has serviced several storied vessels , including the USS Constitution . During the War of 1812 , the Yard burned down and was rebuilt as a weapons manufacturing hub . It has also been the scene of significant advancements in military technology . During the War of 1812 , Robert Fulton conducted research and testing on his clockwork torpedo , and in 1822 , Commodore John Rodgers built the United States ' first marine railway for the overhaul of large vessels at the Yard , according to its site . The Yard was crucial to the defense of Washington during the Civil War , according to its website . President Abraham Lincoln frequently visited the Yard many times , according to the Yard 's site . The body of Lincoln 's killer , John Wilkes Booth , was examined and identified on a ship moored at there . Amid World War I , the Yard made Navy ordnance , including the 14-inch naval railway guns used in France in the war . In the years after World War II and into the Cold War era , the Yard 's military role lessened .	The U.S. Navy Yard is home to high-level naval personnel Many service members and civilian employees work there Security is tight at the Yard , CNN 's Barbara Starr reports
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- The United States deployed stealth fighter jets to South Korea on Sunday as part of ongoing joint military exercises between the two countries , a senior U.S. defense official said . The F-22 Raptors were sent to the main U.S. Air Force Base in South Korea amid spiking tensions on the Korean peninsula . The U.S. military command in South Korea said they were deployed to support air drills as part of the annual Foal Eagle training exercises , which are carried out in accordance with the armistice that put an end to armed hostilities in 1953 . North Korea has been ramping up its rhetoric and military show of force in response to the annual joint military exercises , declaring the armistice invalid on March 11 , 10 days after Foal Eagle began . It is something Pyongyang has done before during heightened tensions . North Korea 's threat : Five things to know The United States ' participation in Foal Eagle is intended to demonstrate the country 's "  commitment to stability and security in the Asia-Pacific Region , " the U.S. military command in South Korea said in a statement that also urged North Korea to tone down its rhetoric . "  The  Democratic People 's Republic of Korea  will achieve nothing by threats or provocations , which will only further isolate North Korea and undermine international efforts to ensure peace and stability in Northeast Asia , " the statement said . "  The North Korean leadership is urged to heed President Obama 's call to choose the path of peace and come into compliance with its international obligations . " North Korea 's hot rhetoric The deployment follows fresh insults over the weekend from Pyongyang 's propaganda machine comparing the U.S. mainland with a "  boiled pumpkin , " unable to endure an attack from a foreign foe , the state-run Korean Central News Agency reported . North Korea , on the other hand , could withstand an offensive from the outside , the report said , thanks to shelters that the government had built around the country . But the Pentagon and the South Korean government have said it 's nothing new . "  We have no indications at this point that it 's anything more than warmongering rhetoric , " a senior U.S. Defense Department official said late Friday . The official was not authorized to speak to the media and asked not to be named . The National Security Council , which advises the U.S. president on matters of war , struck a similar chord , saying Washington finds North Korea 's statements "  unconstructive " and is taking the threats seriously . "  But , we would also note that North Korea has a long history of bellicose rhetoric and threats , and today 's announcement follows that familiar pattern , " said Caitlin Hayden , a spokeswoman for the security council . The United States will continue to update its capabilities against any military threat from the North , which includes plans to deploy missile defense systems . No , North Korea ca n't hit Hawaii In an added slap , North Korea has declared that it had entered a "  state of war " with neighboring South Korea , according to a report Saturday from KCNA . "  The condition , which was neither war nor peace , has ended , " North Korea 's government said in a special statement carried by KCNA . Saturday 's reports also asserted any conflict "  will not be limited to a local war , but develop into an all-out war , a nuclear war . " South Korean President Park Geun-hye on Monday issued a warning of her own to Pyongyang . "  If there is any provocation against South Korea and its people , there should be a strong response in initial combat without any political considerations , " she said in a meeting with senior defense and security officials , according to her office . Analysis : Just what is Kim Jong Un up to ? The South : It 's not new South Korea has not , however , treated its neighbor 's latest threat as imminent danger . Seoul noted scores of its personnel had entered the Kaesong Industrial Complex -- a joint economic cooperation zone between the two Koreas situated on the North 's side of the border -- on Saturday morning . Hundreds more were set to join them later in the day , seeming to suggest both sides were going about business as usual . The South 's officials said that North 's threats to shut down the complex earlier Saturday were part of the North 's "  measures of putting military alert to highest level , " but the South was taking the North 's words "  seriously , " the South Korean Unification Ministry Press Office said . The threats are n't "  beneficial " to the development of the economic zone , the South 's ministry said . Currently , 310 people work in the industrial complex , the ministry said . However , the South has n't detected any "  irregular trend " in the zone , the ministry said . Pyongyang 's declaration it was readying its missiles also did not seem to worry officials in the South . "  The announcement made by North Korea is not a new threat , but part of follow-up measures after North Korea 's supreme command 's statement that it will enter the highest military alert " on Tuesday , South Korea 's Unification Ministry said in a statement . Threats of annihilation normal for South Koreans Map appears to show U.S. targets A day earlier , the same official North Korean news agency reported its leader Kim Jong Un had approved a plan to prepare standby rockets to hit U.S. targets in the Pacific , including in Hawaii , Guam , and South Korea . Behind North Korea 's heated words about missile strikes , one analyst said , there might not be much mettle . "  Unless there has been a miraculous turnaround among North Korea 's strategic forces , there is little to no chance that it could successfully land a missile on Guam , Hawaii or anywhere else outside the Korean Peninsula that U.S. forces may be stationed , " James Hardy , Asia-Pacific editor of IHS Jane 's Defense Weekly , wrote in an opinion column published Thursday on CNN.com . Behind the veil : A rare look at life in North Korea U.S. official : We 're ` committed ... to peace ' U.S. defense officials said Friday that the North 's bantering is destructive . "  This is troubling rhetoric that disrupts the prospects for peace on the Peninsula , " the senior official said . Some observers have suggested that Washington is adding to tensions in the region by drawing attention to its displays of military strength on North Korea 's doorstep , such as the flights by the B-2 stealth bombers . Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel argued against that assertion Thursday . "  We , the United States and South Korea , have not been involved in provocating anything , " he said . "  We , over the years , have been engaged with South Korea on joint exercises . The B-2 flight was part of that . " Washington and its allies "  are committed to a pathway to peace , " Hagel said . "  And the North Koreans seem to be headed in a different direction here . " Opinion : Why North Korea regime is scary Pyongyang 's allies irked The tense situation has irritated North Korea 's traditional allies , China and Russia , drawing regular calls for restraint on all sides in recent weeks . Saturday , the Kremlin repeated this admonition . "  Moscow expects all parties to exercise as much responsibility and restraint as possible in light of North Korea 's latest statements , " the Russian foreign ministry said according to Russian state broadcaster Russia Today . China , which has expressed frustration over Pyongyang 's latest nuclear test , also called for calm . "  We hope relevant parties can work together to turn around the tense situation in the region , " Foreign Ministry spokesman Hong Lei said Friday , describing peace and stability on the Korean Peninsula as "  a joint responsibility . " Sweden 's Foreign Minister Carl Bildt noted Saturday that "  Beijing likely to try to calm things down , " he said on his Twitter account . "  But the Pyongyang regime is the most militarised , the most authoritarian and the most closed in the world , " Bildt tweeted . U.S. officials concerned about North Korea 's ` ratcheting up of rhetoric ' Tensions have been rising for months Tensions escalated on the Korean Peninsula after the North carried out a long-range rocket launch in December and an underground nuclear test last month , prompting the U.N. Security Council to step up sanctions on the secretive government . Pyongyang has expressed fury about the sanctions and the annual U.S.-South Korean military exercises , due to continue until the end of April . The deteriorating relations have killed hopes of reviving multilateral talks over North Korea 's nuclear program for the foreseeable future . Indeed , Pyongyang has declared that the subject is no longer up for discussion . Korean nightmare : Experts ponder potential conflict CNN 's Michael Martinez , Dayu Zhang , Catherine Shoichet and Greg Botelho contributed to this report . K.J. Kwon contributed from Seoul .	NEW : South Korean president warns of "  strong response " to any provocation U.S. deploys F-22s to South Korea as part of joint military exercises , U.S. official says The Pentagon says North Korean threats follow a familiar pattern North Korea threatens "  all-out war and nuclear war " on its enemies , state news reports
CNN  -- Hunter Moore , once dubbed the "  most hated man on the Internet " and the "  Revenge Porn King , " is free on bond after being indicted on felony charges including identity theft and conspiracy . Moore , 27 , the founder of a now-defunct "  revenge porn " website is accused of hacking into people 's e-mail accounts to steal nude photos to post online , federal authorities said this week . On Friday , a judge released him on bond set at $ 100,000 and took his passport as collateral , according to a court document . Moore is to appear in court again on February 7 . He was released into the custody of his parents , who signed the bond , CNN affiliate KCRA reported . His release came with some conditions . Moore is not to use a computer or get anyone else to do it for him . He must take down his social media accounts and get tested for drug use , KCRA reported . Moore , who the FBI says operated isanyoneup.com , was arrested in Woodland , California , Thursday . Also arrested was Charles Evens , a 25-year-old man in Southern California believed to be connected to the scheme . ` You took the picture ' In 2012 , way before this arrest , Moore talked to HLN 's Dr. Drew about the website . "  The site was just born , actually , " Moore said . "  It was just a couple of friends and , you know , we had our hearts broken by a couple of girls , and we thought we would make a site . And it became Is Anyone Up . That 's how it started . Of course . But when I did start the site , I was hurt , and so was my friends . " But later in the show Moore was confronted by a woman who called in and said she regretted taking topless photos for a boyfriend and was devastated when the pictures appeared online . "  I do n't know how you can point your finger at me , " Moore responded . " You took the picture . I mean , I 've been justifying this in my head for over a year and a half of the site . But at the end of the day , it started with you . You took these pictures . " Site got out of hand The FBI says Moore and Evens conspired to peddle "  hundreds " of nude pictures , without getting permission in 2011 and 2012 . But , according to an indictment Moore allegedly pushed Evens to hack into computers to get more sexually explicit photos . Moore then would pay Evens for the photos and then post them on the site , according to the FBI . Both suspects are named in a 15-count indictment with charges that include aggravated identity theft and conspiracy . If convicted , they face up to five years in federal prison for each conspiracy and hacking-related charge . Moore actually shutdown the website in 2012 and sold it to an anti-bullying group . "  Taking down the site has been something I ` ve wanted to do for months , " Moore said . "  It was just something I created that got out of hand . It was supposed to be for friends . " CNN 's Mayra Cuevas contributed to this report .	Moore was released on bail Friday after being arrested a day earlier He is accused of posting hundreds of nude photos without permission Moore is accused of paying another man to hack into alleged victim 's accounts His bond is $ 100,000 ; he is not allowed to use a computer and must submit to drug testing
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- The State Department 's initial report of last month 's incident in which Blackwater guards were accused of killing Iraqi civilians was written by a Blackwater contractor working in the embassy security detail , according to government and industry sources . In this September 24 photo , an Iraqi looks at a car that was destroyed during the September 16 incident . A source involved in diplomatic security at the U.S. Embassy in Baghdad said a Blackwater contractor , Darren Hanner , drafted the two-page "  spot report " on the letterhead of the Bureau of Diplomatic Security for the embassy 's Tactical Operations Center . That office -- which tracks and monitors all incidents and movements involving diplomatic security missions -- has outsourced positions to Blackwater and another private firm , the embassy source said . A highly placed industry source said that Hanner , who was listed on the report as the TOC watch officer , was working for Blackwater at the time the report was written , just after the September 16 incident occurred . He was to rotate out of Iraq this past week , the source said . The man who approved the report was Ricardo Colon , whom the embassy source identified as the embassy 's deputy regional security officer . A State Department source confirmed a Ricardo Colon Cifredo works for the State Department in Iraq . The deadly incident produced an outcry in Iraq and raised questions about the accountability of foreign security contractors in Iraq , who , under an order laid down by the U.S.-led occupation government , are not subject to Iraqi law for actions taken within their contracts . Anne Tyrrell , a spokeswoman for Blackwater , emphasized that the State Department is doing its own investigation into the incident . The FBI is sending a team of agents to assist the U.S. investigation at the State Department 's request , FBI spokesman Richard Kolko said Monday . Blackwater -- which provides security to U.S. diplomats -- says its employees responded properly to an insurgent attack on a convoy . The State Department "  spot report " underscores that scenario and does n't mention civilian casualties . However , those accounts are at odds with what the Iraqis are saying . A senior Iraqi National Police official participating in the Iraqi governmental probe of the shooting said the Blackwater gunfire was unprovoked and the guards fired randomly , killing several civilians and wounding others . Watch Iraqi police video of the incident aftermath " Tom Casey , deputy State Department spokesman , noted that a spot report "  is a first-blush account of those on the scene " and that the "  report has no standing whatsoever . " "  It was not intended to be used as an analysis , investigation , review or any detailed assessment of the situation , " Casey said . "  To assert that  it is  is untrue , " Casey said . The embassy source said after the spot report was completed and approved , a State Department agent took sworn statements from the participants in the shooting . The senior Iraqi police officer said that Blackwater team members were questioned by Iraqi police immediately after the incident and initially said they opened fire in response to a mortar attack . However , he said , they then changed their story at least twice during the 90 minutes they were held . Erik Prince , the CEO of Blackwater , was to testify Tuesday before the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . E-mail to a friend	Blackwater under scrutiny , accused of killing Iraqi civilians in clash "  Spot " report for State Department was penned by Blackwater contractor Iraqis say spot report is at odds with what civilians are saying
CNN  -- Federal authorities have ordered ExxonMobil to make safety improvements to a ruptured pipeline in Montana that caused 750 to 1,000 barrels of crude oil to gush into the Yellowstone River last week . The cause of the pipeline break is still under investigation , authorities said . The U.S. Department of Transportation 's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration issued a corrective action order to ExxonMobil Pipeline Company that will require the safety measures along the Silvertip hazardous liquid pipeline , the federal agency said late Tuesday . The order will require ExxonMobil to re-bury the pipeline underneath the river bed to protect it from external damage , the federal agency said in a statement . The oil company will also have to conduct a risk assessment on the pipeline where it crosses any waterway . Exxon will then need to submit a restart plan before operation can resume , officials said . "  The safety of our nation 's pipelines is a priority and the investigation into this incident is ongoing , " U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood said in a statement . "  It is our responsibility to ensure pipelines are safely delivering energy to U.S. households and businesses , and when companies are not living up to our safety standards , we will take action . We will continue to work with the EPA , while ensuring that those responsible are held accountable . " The Silvertip Pipeline is a 12-inch pipeline about 69 miles long and carries crude oil from the Silvertip station in Elk Basin , Wyoming , to an ExxonMobil Refinery in Billings , Montana , federal officials said . This spring , in the wake of several major pipeline accidents , LaHood announced an action plan to immediately begin addressing concerns about the state of the nation 's aging pipeline infrastructure , and he called upon U.S. pipeline owners and operators to conduct a comprehensive review of their oil and gas pipelines to identify areas of high risk and accelerate critical repair and replacement work . LaHood has also proposed federal legislation that would improve oversight on pipeline safety and increase the maximum civil penalties for pipeline violations from $ 100,000 per day to $ 250,000 per day , and from $ 1 million for a series of violations to $ 2.5 million for a series of violations . On Tuesday , Montana 's governor declared a state of emergency in Yellowstone , Treasure , Rosebud , Custer , Prairie , Dawson and Richland counties , all of which have been affected by the spill that occurred just before midnight Friday . ExxonMobil reported 750 to 1,000 barrels  32,000 to 42,000 gallons  of oil spilling into the river in Laurel , about 16 miles southwest of Billings . The longest undammed river in the United States , the Yellowstone eventually leads into the Missouri River , one of the biggest in the United States . Gary Pruessing , the president of the ExxonMobil Pipeline Company , told reporters Tuesday that spilled oil had been confirmed 25 miles away , with most pockets of oil within 19 miles of the leak site . But in the emergency declaration , which paves the way for emergency funds for the seven counties , Montana Gov. Brian Schweitzer claimed that oil has since been discovered beyond Hysham , about 90 miles from the leak site . But the federal order says that overflights conducted as recently as Sunday have observed oil deposits as far as 240 miles downstream in Terry , Montana . Schweitzer , a Democrat , stated in the executive order that the "  ExxonMobil Pipeline Company  is  the responsible party for this release . " ExxonMobil has seen "  measureable progress , " said Pruessing , as it has stepped up its cleanup effort -- one that 's come under criticism from Schweitzer . The Texas-based firm has committed 350 people to the spill response , and of those , between 150 to 200 people are actually on the ground , cleaning up and looking for oil , Pruessing said . The federal Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration said it has three inspectors on site and they are working with the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency and U.S. Coast Guard to conduct investigations . "  We 're going to keep adding resources , " ExxonMobil Alan Jeffers told CNN on Tuesday . "  That 's our focus -- find the oil , clean it up and get it back to its original state as quickly as possible . " Schweitzer toured the spill site Tuesday morning , one day after criticizing the speed and effectiveness of the response in an interview with CNN . Later that day , Pruessing of ExxonMobil said , "  We do not yet have a resolution , as to what caused the incident . " While no official determination has been made on what caused the pipeline rupture , the governor said it is easy to see the dangers posed by fast-moving waters . Any pipelines built now , Schweitzer noted , must be buried deeper under the riverbed in order to prevent such incidents . The governor called it premature to minimize the spill 's potential impact by saying , for instance , that it has only affected 10 miles of the river . His fear is that the abundance of fish , birds and animals in the area , which is about 100 miles downstream from Yellowstone National Park , may be hurt in the short and long term . "  My biggest concern is those 1,000 barrels , " Schweitzer said . "  You can not dump  that much oil  into a pristine trout stream without causing damage to the fisheries . " Besides the fish , the area is home to Canada geese , ducks , ospreys , otters and bald eagles , said Charles Preston , an ecologist and conservation biologist who heads the Draper Museum of Natural History . The birds , in particular , might die directly or indirectly as they go after fish . Toxins may kill critical insects , which in turn could have a trickle-down effect on the multimillion-dollar fishing industry , he said . "  It could take years to really understand the impact of the spill , " Preston said . The Yellowstone is the nation 's longest river without a dam -- a plus for the spill cleanup efforts because the continuously running water more easily breaks up the toxins , but a negative because any ill effects could spread into the Missouri River and its other tributaries , Preston said . More than 48,000 feet of absorbent boom and 2,300 absorbent pads had been used as of Tuesday to soak up the oil , while "  vacuum trucks " and tankers have been positioned nearby to transport them from the scene , according to ExxonMobil . The company said the air quality and municipal water systems are also being monitored , while planes are routinely flying over the river to help detect patches of oil . David Eglinton , an ExxonMobil spokesman , said the company is committed to staying the course and studying the effects through the whole course of the river . That includes checking water quality as far downstream as Miles City  144 miles  and Glendive  222 miles  from the original spill site . CNN 's Greg Botelho , Matt Cherry , Alan Silverleib , Matt Smith and Michael Martinez contributed to this report .	An ExxonMobil official says oil detected 25 miles downstream But the state says 90 miles and the feds say 240 miles downstream Montana declares a state of emergency for 7 counties , says ExxonMobil is responsible Company officials remain unclear of the cause of the spill in Montana 's Yellowstone River
CNN  It 's the home of British politics , steeped in history , tradition and centuries-old pomp . But could the ornate splendor of the UK 's Houses of Parliament be about to offer a solution to London 's housing crisis ? In all honesty , probably not . However , that has n't stopped housing campaign group , Generation Rent , from proposing to transform the Palace of Westminster into affordable new homes . The group 's eye-catching idea is to move the seat of British democracy from one of London 's most exclusive neighborhoods to a new location in the city of Hull , northern England . The vacant House of Commons and House of Lords  the UK 's upper legislative chamber  left behind would be converted into 364 flats of varying size and scale with prime office space facing the River Thames . According to a press release on the proposal from Generation Rent , 335 MPs from all over the UK currently rent second homes so they can carry out their parliamentary duties more effectively . They claim expenses for doing so cost the taxpayer # 5.26 million  $ 8 million  in 2013 alone . By moving the seat of government to Hull , a city with the cheapest housing rent in England , millions could be saved in expenses as well as staffing costs , the group claims . Westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs for property in London , according to research from house moving firm , Delivery Quote Compare . The ever-rising cost of property in the UK capital , meanwhile , is making it increasingly difficult for many to buy or rent in central areas of the city . A January report from rental referencing company , Homelet , also found that average rental prices in Greater London were more than double that of those found in the rest of the UK "  We hope our proposal gives MPs a sense of humility and some urgency to ending the housing crisis , " said director of Generation Rent , Alex Hilton . Yet even if the Generation Rent proposals were seriously considered , they could come unstuck by the dilapidated state of the parliament building itself . Speaker of the House , John Bercow , said Monday that repairs needed to bring the nineteenth century structure up to scratch could come close to # 3 billion  $ 4.6 billion  . A 2012 study entitled "  The Restorations and Renewal of the Palace of Westminster " found that the building could suffer permanent damage if work was not undertaken to stem leaks , repair crumbling stonework and remove asbestos .	UK campaign group proposes to transform Houses of Parliament into affordable housing units Westminster is one of the most expensive boroughs of London for buying or renting property Parliament could require restoration work totaling $ 4.6 billion
No-hassle Halloween costumes that you can throw together last minute : A green clown wig + a schoolgirl outfit = Broccoli Spears A plastic laundry basket with holes cut out for legs + white balloons + a shower cap = Bathing Beauty A white dress + a pipe-cleaner halo + leaves in her hair and "  dirt " on her face = Fallen Angel Black clothes + yellow electrical tape down his torso + toy cars + Velcro = Highway A pig nose + a blanket = Pig in a Blanket A blue T-shirt + cotton balls + tape + a water gun = Partly Cloudy With a Chance of Rain A polo shirt + khakis  or madras shorts  + a name tag = Jay Crew A clear umbrella  preferably dome - shaped  + party streamers or metallic ribbons = Jellyfish RealSimple.com : Halloween new uses for old things Want to go all out this year for Halloween ? Dress your kids in these fun DIY costumes : Safari guide Lions , tigers , umm ... giraffes , oh , my ! This young adventurer 's outfit begins with basic khaki shorts , white tee , and sneakers  or boots  . The vest and binoculars are made from a paper grocery bag and empty toilet paper tubes  get the how-tos  . And what safari is complete without at least one "  wild " animal ? RealSimple.com : Simple Halloween costumes for the family Raining cats and dogs Uh-oh : Watch out for poodles ! Pull out your child 's slicker and Wellies and a few of her furry friends for a clever conceptual costume . All you need is an old umbrella and a hot glue gun to attach the toys  get the how-tos  . Now just wait for the compliments to rain down . How to : Make an umbrella What You Need Umbrella Stuffed Animals Hot Glue Gun Open up the umbrella and hot glue one animal at a time on the outside . Let them rest in place to dry overnight . RealSimple.com : Easy Halloween costumes for adults Saturn An idea that 's -- c'mon , we have to say it -- out-of-this-world . This getup revolves around black pants and shirt  or black sweats  sprinkled with a constellation of shining star stickers . Layer on a bright sweatshirt that you 've painted with Saturn-like bands  get the how-tos  . Then add a pillow for stuffing and top it all off with as many "  rings " as your little star can twirl . How to : Make Saturn 's stripes What You Need Black Shirt and Pants Star Stickers Oversized Gold Sweatshirt Scissors Newspaper Orange Acrylic Paint  water based Paint Brush Fabric Glue 1 . Place the black outfit on a flat surface . Adhere "  stars " all over , specifically covering the legs and arms , the areas not covered by the gold vest . 2 . Cut the arms off this old sweatshirt . To create a polished look and to remove frayed edges , hem the arm holes with fabric glue . 3 . Place the vest on a sheet of newspaper on a flat surface . Paint diagonal stripes using your paint and brush . Let dry overnight . Scuba Diver Take the plunge with an ensemble you can assemble from your child 's summer wardrobe : board shorts , a rash guard , and water shoes  walking in flippers will definitely cut into trick-or-treat time  . The protective goggles come straight from the toolbox , and the oxygen tank is made from spray-painted water bottles  get the how-tos  . RealSimple.com : 10 silly Halloween costumes for pets Fallen Angel Ah , Mommy 's little angel , in a simple costume that comes together practically on the fly . Dress your little girl all in white -- a favorite dress or nightgown , tights , and comfy shoes . For her halo and wings , you 'll need pipe cleaners , cardboard , and coffee filters  get the how-tos  . Finish by scattering on a few leaves from the pile she fell into when she tumbled from heaven . How to : Make halo and angel wings What You Need Gold Pipe Cleaners Pencil Hole Punch Coffee Filters White Cardboard White Shoelaces Tape or Glue Dots 1 . Make a halo shape by twisting the gold pipe cleaners into proper form . 2 . Draw the shape of two angel wings on cardboard ; cut them out . 3 . Decide on the most comfortable spot for your child to wear her wings , then punch 4 holes in the cardboard . String shoelaces through them to tie around your child 's shoulders . 4 . Fold coffee filters in half and adhere them with tape or glue to the cardboard to resemble feathers . Drummer Beat it , kid -- a drum , that is . Whip up this uniform out of a shirt and pants you trim with red utility tape and spray-painted bottle caps ; the hat is a paper-covered oatmeal container  get the how-tos  . Switch out the drum for a curtain rod and your child is the leader of the local band  of trick-or-treaters  . How to : Make drummer 's shirt What You Need Bottle Caps  from water or soda bottles Newspaper Gold Acrylic Paint  water based Paintbrush Red Utility Tape Hot Glue Gun 1 . Place bottle caps on a piece of newspaper and paint them gold . Let dry overnight . 2 . Make 3 to 4 lines on shirt using the red tape . Adhere each strip about 2 to 3 inches apart . 3 . Glue painted bottle caps at the ends of each strip of red tape . Let stand to dry overnight . How to : Make drummer 's hat What You Need Oatmeal Canister Scissors White Construction Paper Glue Dots Red Utility Tape Hole Punch White Shoelaces 1 . Wrap paper around the container to fit to size .  You want to completely cover the oatmeal container .  Trim any excess paper off the top or bottom . Secure paper to the container with 2 or 3 glue dots . 2 . Wrap a ring on the bottom of the canister with the red tape . 3 . Position the hat on your child 's head and find the best spot for securing strap . Punch 2 holes and string shoelaces through the holes . RealSimple.com : Spooky Halloween dcor Pig in a blanket Hands down , the hit of the Halloween party season . Start by decking out your little one in pink , head to toe . Add felt ears and a bottle cap/button nose  get the how-tos  . Wrap her in her favorite blankie and you 've got one little piggy way too adorable to stay home . How to : Make pig ears What You Need Paper Pencil 4 Pieces of Pink Felt  we like E-Z felt , which is stiff and easier to work with Pink Headband Scissors Hot Glue Gun 1 . Create a template by drawing one ear on a piece of paper and cutting it out . 2 . Place template on the felt as your guide . Cut out 4 ear-shaped pieces of pink felt . 3 . Glue around the edges of two pieces of felt . Stick each piece to the felt pieces without glue .  You 'll need two pieces of felt per ear so they are stable and wo n't flop over . 4 . Glue the ears to the pink headband . How to : Make a pig nose What You Need Large Bottle cap  we used a Gatorade cap Pink Ribbon Pink Button Newspaper Pink Acrylic Paint  water based Paintbrush Hot Glue 1 . Lay bottle cap on a piece of newspaper and paint it pink . Set it aside to dry overnight . 2 . Once dry , glue the button to the center of the bottle cap . 3 . Glue the ends of the ribbon to the inside of the cap . Tie around your child 's head to secure . RealSimple.com : Which Halloween candy is healthier	Real Simple share no-hassle Halloween costumes that you can throw together last-minute Prepare a fallen angel or pig-in-a-blanket costume in no time Using household items , you may not even have to leave your home
The Frisky  -- About a year ago , a group of my closest friends got together in a basement apartment in Queens . It was a Saturday night in the dead of winter , and most of us were broke  the economy was crashing  and lazy  we did n't feel like trekking to a bar in the city  . As we cracked open a bottle of wine and ate fresh-baked zucchini muffins , one of my friends decided to play us some records on the record player he had recently inherited from his parents . It turned out to be one of the best nights of our lives . In sharing great music , great food and great fun , a tradition was born : Record Party . The New York Times is finally catching on to something my friends and I discovered that night ; vinyl is back in a major way . The stats say that CDs are becoming just about as obsolete as cassettes and 8-tracks . Sure , iPods are fun if you 're on the go , but really the only way to devour your favorite music  other than to hear it live  is to listen to it on vinyl . It 's like hearing the music again for the first time -- rich and layered . Mike Jbara , a bigwig at Warner Music Group , said , "  It is absolutely easy to say vinyl does n't make sense when you look at convenience , portability , all those things . But all the really great stuff in our lives comes from a root of passion or love . " -LSB- New York Times -RSB- That 's what Record Party is really all about . But do n't take my word for it . Here are five tips for throwing your own rocking Record Party .  Yes , you need a record player . I know you 're thinking , "  Where on earth do I get a record player ? The antique shop ? " Try eBay or Craigslist . There are so many used record players that need a good home . From bottom of the line models to high-end turntables , you would n't believe how many people have record players . If you 're an electronics idiot like me , you may want to consult a knowledgeable person . I always ask my super-geeky musician friends about makes , models and features . If you do n't have a music nerd in your life , do a little research online or find a specialty store in your area . Also , do n't forget to get some great speakers so you can hear all the natural flava of your records .  Starting a record collection is n't as hard or as expensive as you think . It 's always fun to go to a local record store and pick out some delicious vinyl . Many record stores have used records , which can save you some money . Take the record out and make sure that it 's the right record -- one time I got "  A Chorus Line " record in a "  Stevie Nicks " jacket . Also , make sure that the record is not terribly scratched . If you 're a bargain hunter like me , go to your local thrift store and pick through . You may have to search for a while , but it 's not uncommon to find some $ 1 gems . Also , flea markets are a great place to find some hot , cheap vinyl .  Keep the guest list small . The best thing about Record Party is reveling in your favorite music and breaking out your finest dance moves . This is always most fun with close friends who have similar tastes in music . But part of the fun is also learning about new music , so you may want to require guests to bring some records of their own .  Food and drinks are a must . It 's hard to throw a great record party without food and beverage . Have everyone contribute . Snacks and drinks will be much appreciated when guests step off the makeshift dance floor .  Establish some rules and traditions . At our Record Party , we 've established a couple of rules in order to keep the good times rolling : 1 . Everyone must write all requests down on our request list . 2 . No more than two songs played at one time per person . After everyone has put in a request , the cycle starts over . 3 . Everyone gets one "  Yoinx " per night . A "  Yoinx " is when you have a great song that you feel like you need to push to the top of the list . Develop your own rules and traditions to ensure that everyone is able to share in the music . Enjoy . TM &  2009 TMV , Inc. | All Rights Reserved	Record Parties are a great way to get together with friends Instead of an iPod , get better sound with a record player , available on eBay or Craigslist Records can be inexpensive : $ 1 gems are n't too rare to stumble upon Bring snacks and a playlist
CNN  -- In recent days , we have again found our national attention turned to a handful of images someone has brought back from Afghanistan , this time showing American soldiers "  posing with insurgents ' body parts , " in the words of a typical commentary . The report is tinged , as always , with tones of shame and reproach . Reflexively , our gaze turns inward and the chapel bells of moral outrage are once again rung . A vague shroud of nobility is draped on the term "  insurgents , " as if they were daring mountain climbers or intrepid explorers . The 99 % of American households with no attachment to our military shake their collective heads and wonder at such repugnant developments , How could our boys ? Well , I 'll tell you . They 're in a war , as cruel and nasty as any war is . They are suffering and bleeding in ways that those of you who have never been there will ever understand . They deal every day with an adversary who is not noble by any stretch . He is a skulking murderer who does nothing braver than wait , watch and press a command detonator that destroys in one violent instant young American lives and limbs . Here is what that slinking , crouching , hiding enemy brings them , in the words of a young Navy surgeon writing anonymously on deadspin.com last month : Opinion : Why are we still in ` Vietghanistan ? ' "  One Marine from my unit lost both legs high on the femur in an instant , and the blast opened his pelvis . Marines and a corpsman were at his side in seconds , and knew where to find his arteries to stop the bleeding from his gaping groin . His circulatory system no longer circulated  $ " his arteries and veins were a nest of open-ended tubes draining away from his heart . The team at Camp Bastion stabilized his injuries , and in the process gave him more than 100 units of blood . Twenty citizens ' worth of blood went into him and flowed out his wounds again before he was stable . " That is what your soldiers and Marines , the ones you sent to that backward , violent place , live and die with . And consequently , on those rare occasions when they can corner the craven shadow dwellers who have been inflicting such dreadful , random , merciless death and dismemberment , they kill them . Gratefully . Enthusiastically . Passionately . In repayment for what has been suffered on your behalf . In expiation of the terrible burden of having watched helplessly as comrades are killed and maimed in the most awful ways that you in your living rooms ca n't even begin to imagine . So if they are caught in some primitive dance of celebration over the dead bodies of their tormenters , catch them up short . Tell them it is undignified , undisciplined and bad counterinsurgency . But do n't demonize them or lionize their enemy . Before you condemn their character , step back and reflect on the fact that you sent them there . They went instead of your own son or daughter , from whom they are no different . Ask yourself whatever could make our young men act that way . And finally , accept that you do n't know the answer , because you have never been there . To know that , and still claim the right to sit in judgment , is a betrayal as profound as anything that happens in war . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Rod Smith .	Those who have not been to war can not judge the actions of those who have , Smith says Soldiers who posed with bodies should be reproached but not demonized , he says Troops are not different from your sons and daughters , Smith says
CNN  -- Authorities posted tropical storm warnings for parts of the Bahamas and hurricane warnings for Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic on Sunday , as Tropical Storm Irene picked up steam near the Caribbean islands . The center of Irene was moving past St. Croix , with maximum sustained winds of about 60 mph  95 kph  , the National Hurricane Center in Miami reported . At 8 p.m. ET , the most recent update , the storm was centered about 10 miles  15 kilometers  northwest of St. Croix and about 90 miles  145 kilometers  east-southeast from Puerto Rico , moving west-northwest at 15 mph  24 kph  , forecasters said . Tropical storm warnings covered the U.S. and British Virgin Islands , the northern coast of the Dominican Republic and Haiti . The storm was expected to pass near or over Puerto Rico overnight and be near hurricane strength Monday , forecasters said . It 's expected to move near or over the Dominican Republic on Monday , and forecasters expect it will weaken as it does . The hurricane center warned that Irene could dump heavy rain on the Dominican Republic and neighboring Haiti , where previous storms have caused deadly mudslides down deforested hillsides . The NHC said Haiti and the Dominican Republic could see up to 20 inches of rain in isolated areas , with six to 10 inches possible across the rest of Hispaniola . The Christian aid group World Vision is prepositioning supplies and mobilizing its staff to fan out across camps in Haiti Monday , to help residents prepare for Irene . "  We are concerned that vulnerable families still living in temporary camps wo n't treat this storm as a serious threat , after Tropical Storm Emily did n't hit Port-au-Prince as predicted , " warned World Vision 's Meg Sattler in Port-au-Prince . "  If flooding hits , people living in unsafe housing will be the worst affected . Heavy rain has the potential to worsen sanitation conditions in camps , which , with cholera still so prevalent in Haiti , is a major concern . " Meanwhile , the storm known as Harvey strengthened slightly after weakening to a tropical depression . The system continued unleashing heavy rainfall over parts of Guatemala and eastern Mexico on Sunday . At 8 p.m. ET , Harvey was about 60 miles  95 kilometers  north-northeast of the Mexican coastal city of Coatzacoalcos , packing top winds of about 35 mph . The storm could dump another two to four inches of rain over southeastern Mexico , with some areas seeing as much as 10 inches , forecasters said . Harvey struck land Sunday on the coast of Belize as a tropical storm , with top winds near 60 mph . It is expected to dissipate over southern Mexico by early Monday .	Hurricane warnings are issued for Puerto Rico and the Dominican Republic Forecasters expect Irene to become a hurricane by Monday The storm could dump up to 20 inches of rain on parts of the Dominican Republic and Haiti Tropical Depression Harvey dumps heavy rain over parts of Guatemala and eastern Mexico
Seoul  CNN  -- North Korea proclaimed itself a "  nuclear state " this week following a revision of its constitution earlier this year . Kim Jong-Il has "  transferred the country into an undefeated country with strong political ideology , a nuclear power state , and invincible military power , " according to the updated constitution posted on its portal website Naenara . The website posted the revised constitution on Wednesday , according to Yonhap , the South Korean state affiliated news agency . North Korea ready to carry out nuclear test at any moment , Seoul says The statement looks all too familiar . North Korea previously announced its nuclear capability through its state-run broadcaster and newspapers , "  but no expression can be stronger than including it in their constitution , " Professor Choi Jong Kun of Yonsei University told CNN . "  It is an announcement of confirmation , " he added , "  and it appears to be directed to the U.S. and other relevant nations . " The communist state carried out nuclear tests in 2006 and 2009 . Signs of new activity at North Korea 's nuclear test site Pyongyang recently announced that it will press on with its nuclear program in response to what it calls "  hostility from the United States . " A defense publication , IHS Janes , also said it detected signs of activities ramping up at North Korea 's nuclear test site , raising speculation Pyongyang may be preparing for a third nuclear test .	North Korea proclaimed itself a "  nuclear state " in a revised constitution this week Analyst : Appears to be directed at the U.S. as the rhetoric from Pyongyang rises Comes as signs are growing of activity at North Korea 's nuclear test site
London  CNN  -- Royal watchers eagerly await the arrival of a child who will be heir to the British throne . Here 's what you need to know and the latest developments :  As the wait for the royal baby continues , so does the debate over the Duchess of Cambridge 's actual due date . Britain 's Telegraph newspaper reports Friday , citing "  well-placed sources , " that medical staff at St. Mary 's Hospital -- where Catherine is expected to give birth -- were told the due date was July 19 .  A royal source told CNN that her due date was July 13 . She and Prince William announced at the start of the year that the baby was due in July , but did not announce the date . Why are some babies overdue ?  The Duchess of Cambridge is expected to give birth in the private Lindo Wing of St. Mary 's Hospital , next to Paddington Station in London . It 's where William was born , as was his brother Harry . Catherine 's mother , Carole Middleton , is likely to be on hand at the hospital .  Could the world 's media be camped outside the wrong hospital , though ? The Telegraph reported that a contingency plan is in place for Catherine to give birth at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading , if she goes into labor while staying at her parents ' home in Berkshire , and its swift progress means the journey back to London is impractical .  There 's no doubting the media interest in the royal birth . The Sun newspaper is streaming live video of the entrance to the Lindo Wing , as is Stylist magazine . The days-long vigil outside the hospital has also inspired a spew of #GreatKateWait tweets from the waiting media pack -- as rounded up by New York Magazine .  One person who wo n't be at the Lindo Wing is Home Secretary Theresa May . Asked by a fellow lawmaker whether she would be attending the royal birth , as was formerly customary , she replied : "  In fact , it is no longer the case that the home secretary is required to attend a royal birth . The tradition -- now defunct -- goes back many centuries , she said , explaining that "  the home secretary had to be there to evidence that it was genuinely a royal birth and that a baby had n't been smuggled in . "  Some people are thinking further ahead already . An Ipsos Mori poll released Thursday revealed almost two-thirds of those surveyed think William and Catherine 's child should have a normal job before taking on royal duties . One in five disagrees . However , 70 % of those polled think that it is impossible for the children of royalty to have a normal upbringing . The same survey found support for Britain 's monarchy remains high , with more than three-quarters in favor of a monarchy over a republic .  There 's been plenty of speculation about the baby 's name -- and betting is going strong . The famous Battersea Dogs and Cats Home in London , which takes in and finds homes for lost and unwanted pets , has gone a step further and named a litter of kittens after the bookies ' favorites : Alexandra , Charlotte , Elizabeth , Victoria , Grace , James and George .  Queen Elizabeth II is among those keen for the new baby to greet the world . On a visit to northern England on Wednesday , she was asked by a little girl whether she wants her great-grandchild to be a boy or a girl . The queen replied : "  I do n't think I mind . I would very much like it to arrive . I 'm going on holiday . "  Prince Charles ' wife , Camilla , the Duchess of Cornwall , said Monday that the family was on tenterhooks for the baby 's arrival -- and suggested it could be very soon . "  We 're all waiting at the end of a telephone , " she said , in an exchange filmed by ITV . "  I hope by the end of the week , he or she will be there . "  The baby will have the title His or Her Royal Highness Prince or Princess  the baby 's name  of Cambridge , St. James 's Palace said this month . However , it could be as long as 10 days before the baby 's name is announced .  Anyone born in Britain on the same day as William and Catherine 's baby will receive a special coin from the Royal Mint : a silver penny , dated 2013 , that will come in a blue pouch for a boy or a pink one for a girl .  The first indication that the royal baby is on its way will be an announcement in the media that the duchess has been admitted to the hospital in the early stages of labor , royal sources tell CNN . The next public announcement is expected to be that of the birth . It will be made in the form of a formal bulletin , signed by medical staff and rushed in a car with a police escort to Buckingham Palace . There , the notice will be placed in a gilt frame positioned on an easel -- the same one used to announce William 's birth -- and placed in the palace forecourt for all to see .  The first to know about the royal baby will be Queen Elizabeth II , Prime Minister David Cameron and the governors general of each of the commonwealth nations , along with the rest of the royal and Middleton families . If the baby arrives in the middle of the night , it 's unlikely the queen will be awoken , so there is a chance in that instance that an official announcement will not be made until the following morning .  Celebratory gun salutes will be sounded by the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery in Green Park  41 rounds  and the Honorable Artillery Company at the Tower of London  62 rounds  after the baby is born .  William and Catherine did not want to know the sex of their baby beforehand , royal sources say . There has been speculation it is a girl , however , especially after a member of the public said in March that the duchess almost uttered "  daughter " while at a public event in Grimsby . The woman said the duchess was given a teddy bear and replied , "  Thank you , I will take that for my d -- " but then stopped herself .  The baby will be third in line to the throne after Prince Charles and Prince William , regardless of gender . A rule change in 2011 ended centuries of male primogeniture , which decreed that the crown passed to the eldest son and was bestowed on a daughter only when there were no sons . It means that if the next royal baby is a girl , she will eventually become queen ; previously , a younger male sibling would have taken precedence .  The queen 's cousin , Margaret Rhodes , told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour she hoped the child would have a normal childhood . "  I imagine and hope that its early life , until it 's at least in its teens , will be just a jolly , happy , ordinary child 's life , " she said .  It 's not known where the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge plan to spend the days and weeks following the birth . William is expected to be given the usual paternity leave of two weeks by the Ministry of Defence , royal sources say . He will then return to his job as a helicopter search and rescue pilot .  The revelation that Catherine was pregnant came after she was admitted to a London hospital in December for acute morning sickness .	NEW : Poll suggests Britons want the royal heir to lead a normal life -- including a regular job The media debate Catherine 's likely due date as the wait for the royal baby continues The queen does n't mind if the baby 's a boy or a girl -- she just wants it to arrive soon A contingency plan is in place for Catherine to give birth near her parents ' home , media report
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Washington souvenirs worth $ 100,000 -- including images of the Capitol dome and printings of the U.S. Constitution -- are locked in storage , blocked from sale in the new U.S. Capitol Visitors Center because the items are made in China . Political-themed souvenirs such as this Obama bobblehead doll are for sale across Washington . Rep. Bob Brady , D-Pennsylvania , chairman of the House Administration Committee , said he warned operators of the visitors center not to purchase merchandise made outside the United States , but they did it anyway . Although the center has the goods in hand , Brady said , "  I 'm not allowing them to sell those products . " His Administration Committee oversees operations in the House of Representatives , including the House restaurant , parking facilities and the Capitol Visitors Center . A spokesman for the committee said other House gift shops also are under restrictions on items made outside the United States . Brady , whose district includes Philadelphia , insists that it 's wrong for tourists to return home with a souvenir from the nation 's capital that bears a " ` Made in China ' sticker . " "  We can certainly find people that can make souvenirs of the nation 's capital in America , " Brady said . In the past 10 days , he said , up to 40 U.S. companies have contacted his office , eager to provide Capitol souvenirs and trinkets . As for the items the Capitol Visitors Center operators got from China , Brady said , "  they made the mistake ; they can send them back . " He concedes that the visitors center may have to pay shipping costs to return the goods but said , "  if we have to lose a little bit , we 'll lose a little bit . "	House committee bars sale of $ 100,000 in souvenirs because of their origin Dozens of U.S. companies want to make items instead , lawmaker says He says visitors center should send items back to China
Hong Kong  CNN  A domestic worker from the Philippines who moonlights as a photographer in Hong Kong will be leaving her job in May to pursue a dream career in New York . Xyza Cruz Bacani , 27 , has been selected as one of seven Human Rights Fellows by the Magnum Foundation . This summer , she will spend six weeks studying at New York University 's Tisch School of the Arts . The fellowship aims to give aspiring documentary photographers the skills and support to pursue socially conscious photography in their home countries . "  My family was overjoyed when the news came in , " Bacani wrote in an email while taking a quick break from babysitting . "  My parents cried . Having their eldest to reach a dream is a big deal for people like us who have nothing . " Bacani grew up in poverty in Nueva Vizcaya , Philippines . She left school at 19 to become a domestic worker in Hong Kong . Bacani has no formal training in photography but her black and white street scenes have captured the imagination of thousands through social media . "  For her to get this fellowship will literally change her life -- not just her photography , but also her life . She may be able to leave domestic work for good , " says Sim Chi Yin , a Beijing-based documentary photographer and 2010 Magnum Fellow . "  She is uniquely placed to tell the story of her community , that of migrant workers , " says Sim , who recommended Bacani for the fellowship . Bacani 's first documentary project captured the stories of a group of women at Bethune House Migrant Women 's Refuge , a shelter for abused migrant workers . At the shelter , the lines between Bacani and her subjects were blurred : Bacani 's own status as a migrant worker helped her befriend the women and tell their stories through a series of honest portraits . When it was time to submit her application for the Magnum Foundation scholarship , Bacani turned to the women at Bethune to help her select and curate a set of photos . Bacani is one of more than 320,000 foreign domestic workers in Hong Kong . Her alarm goes off at 5:30 a.m. most mornings . She serves her boss breakfast , cleans the apartment and takes care of six grandchildren when they visit after school . On her one day off each week , Bacani wanders the streets of Hong Kong with her camera in hand , ready to photograph . She feels bittersweet about leaving her job as a domestic worker . "  My work as a domestic is a safe haven , " she wrote . "  At the end of the month , I feel secure that I can send my father money for his medicine or help my siblings . " Yet she believes the Magnum Fellowship will push her to do her best work . She is looking forward learning under the mentorship of documentary photographer Susan Meiselas , and meeting the other fellows from Ukraine , Haiti , Syria , China , South Africa and the Palestinian territories . After the six week course at NYU , Bacani hopes to find another fellowship that will allow her to extend her stay in New York and continue her goal of becoming a photojournalist . "  She definitely has a very strong eye , " says Sim . "  Even those working as photographers do n't have the discipline to take photos daily . She puts some of us to shame , honestly . Even the snaps she takes on a daily basis are pretty magical . "	Filipino maid Xyza Cruz Bacani has won a photography fellowship in New York Attracted international attention with moving black and white street shots Bacani moved to Hong Kong to work as a domestic helper when she was 19
CNN  Rand Paul 's goal to run for two offices in 2016 cleared a hurdle Saturday after the Kentucky GOP decided to move forward with a proposal to hold a presidential caucus rather than a primary . The plan allows the first-term U.S. senator , who 's running for re-election and making a likely bid for president , to get around a Kentucky law that prohibits candidates from appearing on the same ballot twice . Rand Paul searches for green light on caucus proposal After Paul met with the party 's 54-member executive committee in Bowling Green for a two-hour session , the group voted unanimously to appoint a smaller committee that would decide the rules and regulations of how a caucus would be held . The final vote would come in August when a larger gathering of the Kentucky GOP is scheduled to meet and hear a more detailed plan from the task force . "  We thank the members of RPK for their unanimous support and look forward to continuing this process , " said Paul 's top adviser , Doug Stafford , in a statement . Kentucky law allows the state party to determine the details of its presidential preference vote , but not the primary for other elected offices in the state . In other words , Paul 's name for his Senate re-election bid would still remain on the May 2016 primary ballot , but the presidential vote would likely move up earlier in the year to March . The senator appeared at the meeting to address some concerns about a caucus , namely the increased cost , as well as the lower voter turnout typically associated with caucuses . He has pledged to raise money through his donor network to help offset the costs , and proponents of the caucus argue that the significant media attention expected and Kentucky 's earlier placement in the nominating calendar would spur just as much turnout . Kentucky Secretary of State Alison Lundergan Grimes , a Democrat , issued a scathing statement Saturday , saying a Republican caucus next year "  could create potential chaos in our electoral process " and promised to "  monitor the situation " in the coming months . "  In the meantime , I call on the Republican Party of Kentucky to provide details on how all their voters would be able to participate and how the party intends to uphold the integrity of the process , " she said .	Rand Paul wants his hat in ring for both president and Senate Kentucky GOP moves toward creating caucus to allow that scenario Democratic state official criticizes move
Even as Capitol Hill remained consumed by the government shutdown , House Democrats hoping to jump start the stalled debate over immigration reform put a new proposal on the table Wednesday . "  The American people have spoken , " said Rep. Joe Garcia , D-Florida . "  They want Congress to take on this issue . " Rep. Xavier Becerra , D-California , said he has no doubt there are enough House votes to pass a bill that "  fixes our broken immigration system , including provide a path to legal residency and ultimately to citizenship to millions of people who work hard everyday in this country . " Sound familiar ? It should . In many ways , the Democrats say the bill they 're introducing is similar to the immigration reform measure passed by the Senate in June . But there 's at least one key difference : this version does n't include the plan to build more border fencing and step up security with thousands more border patrol agents . "  We are not introducing the perfect bill . But we are introducing a comprehensive reform bill that provides that space for compromise that takes the very hard and tough work that was done in the Senate and takes the very detailed and specific work that was done in the House and so , we put them both together , " Garcia said . "  And we have taken out the very controversial Corker-Hoeven  border security amendment  , which I think everyone understood has opposition not only in elements in the Democratic Party but very strong opposition of members of the House . " The proposed House bill does n't have any Republican backers who 've signed on yet . Still , Rep. Nancy Pelosi , Democratic minority leader , described the bill as "  100 % bipartisan " because it combines measures that have gotten support on both sides of the aisle in the House and the Senate . Supporters of immigration reform applauded the Democrats ' announcement Wednesday . But it 's uncertain whether the measure will ever be up for debate on the House floor , since Republican House Speaker John Boehner is the one who would need to schedule a vote on the matter -- something he has n't done yet .	Proposed House bill does n't include border security measures passed by the Senate House Democrats say they 're ready to move on immigration reform Garcia : "  The American people have spoken -- they want Congress to take on this issue " Pelosi says the proposed bill is bipartisan , but no Republicans have signed on yet
CNN  -- British mercenary Simon Mann has been jailed for 34 years for his part in plotting a coup in Equatorial Guinea . Simon Mann was arrested after a plane carrying him and about 60 mercenaries landed in Zimbabwe . The former British military officer confessed to trying to topple long-time ruler Teodoro Obiang Nguema Mbasogo - but denied being the plot 's leader . The goal of the plot was to install exiled opposition leader Severo Moto who is currently in Spain awaiting trial on charges of arms trafficking , and to gain access to the former Spanish colony 's oil wealth . During the trial , Mann testified he was a "  junior " in the organization which plotted to overthrow the tiny west African country 's president in 2004 , and that Lebanese businessman Eli Calil was the man in charge . "  Eli Calil was known as the cardinal -- the cardinal -- which I think says it all , " Mann told the court . Watch Mann 's reaction to his sentences " Footage of the proceedings was broadcast by Britain 's Channel 4 News , which says it has the only camera in the courtroom . As Mann 's trial progressed last month , South Africa rejected Mann 's allegation that it had given its tacit support for the coup plot . "  South Africa will never , tacitly or expressly , support the use of mercenaries to bring about fundamental political changes in any country in our continent or elsewhere in the world including Equatorial Guinea , " the government said in a statement . Mann testified that several governments , including Spain and the United States , welcomed the idea of a coup . Mann is a former British army commando who was arrested four years ago after a plane carrying him and about 60 mercenaries landed in Zimbabwe . The government of Equatorial Guinea said the group was on its way to overthrow its president . Mann said at the time they were going to guard a diamond mine in the Democratic Republic of Congo . A Zimbabwe court convicted Mann of trying to buy weapons illegally . He served four years in jail there before being extradited to Equatorial Guinea 's capital of Malabo earlier this year to face charges of leading an abortive coup . Mann testified that his former friend Mark Thatcher -- the son of former British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher -- was a main partner in the plot . Thatcher was arrested along with Mann in 2004 , and he pleaded guilty in South Africa the following year to unwittingly bankrolling the plot . He escaped jail time by paying a fine . Thatcher admitted giving $ 275,000 toward the charter of a helicopter , saying he thought was for commercial purposes and discovered only later it was to be used by mercenaries . But Mann said Thatcher paid $ 350,000 for a helicopter and a plane which he knew would be used in the plot , and that he attended meetings about the plan with Calil in London . Calil , Mann said , initially asked him to assassinate President Obiang and talked about the possibility of staging a guerrilla war . Mann testified he refused both requests , considering them unethical , but he did agree to help stage a coup . Though he said Thatcher was a top figure in the plot , Mann testified that even Thatcher was under Calil in the group 's hierarchy . Mann , appearing in a gray prison outfit , emphasized that he was not the man in charge . Mann 's defense lawyer took 45 minutes to question Mann , Channel 4 reported , in contrast to the four hours of prosecution questioning Mann faced . Mann smiled often in the footage shown by Channel 4 and even stuck his tongue out playfully at the camera . After his stint in the British army , Mann was affiliated with the South Africa-based mercenary firm Executive Outcomes . The firm described itself on its now-defunct Web site as a "  military advisory service " that had played a "  crucial " role in ending two African civil wars .	NEW : British mercenary Simon Mann jailed for plotting a Equatorial Guinea coup Mann testified he was "  junior " in organization that plotted attempted coup Mann implicated former friend Mark Thatcher in 2004 plot during testimony
CNN  -- Sitting at her home in West Seattle , Washington , Amanda Knox 's aunt Janet Huff was watching the live television news coverage that her niece had been convicted of murder . "  It was terrible , it was gut-wrenching just to hear them say it , " Huff said of the verdict . She had been up for more than 11 hours while the jury deliberated , anxiously awaiting word . She remained hopeful but deeply afraid . She could n't eat . When the verdict was announced at about midnight in Perugia , Italy , her worst fears came true . Knox and her Italian former boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were convicted of murdering Knox 's roommate Meredith Kercher . Knox was sentenced to 26 years and Sollecito 25 years in prison . Following the verdict , people flooded out of the Italian courtroom . When the prosecution emerged , a rush of applause followed . "  To see the people outside the courtroom applauding -- that just made me sick , that people can be that callous and cold , " Huff said . Soon after the verdict , Knox 's parents , Curt Knox and Edda Mellas , emerged and swiftly moved through the crowd . Watch Janet Huff 's interview with CNN 's Campbell Brown Huff said she spoke to Knox 's parents shortly after the verdict . "  They are , of course , shattered . They are not doing great , " Huff said . "  But we have already started the process of appeals . That 's all we can do . " For Huff , Knox is still the strong , kindhearted girl she has always known -- not the cold-blooded killer prosecutors portrayed during the trial . Huff said Knox was worried about the trial 's impact on the family . "  I think that 's what gets her through , knowing that she 's got to be strong , " she said . "  If she falls apart , then we are really going to lose it . Knox 's parents : Our daughter is no killer "  I know she is terribly disappointed , heartbroken and scared to death , but she 's more concerned about her family and how we are . " With Knox 's conviction , Huff said the family was moving forward with plans for some relatives to move to Italy to be near Knox . The cost and physical toll of constantly traveling to Italy was weighing on the family , she said . "  We 've looked at jobs and apartments just in case this happened , " she said . "  There 's no way we are going to leave Amanda in Italy all alone . " Knox 's case has attracted widespread media attention and prompted salacious articles focusing on her sex life . Her name and photo have appeared on the front pages of newspapers all over the world , and now , Huff fears , things may get worse . "  Now that there 's a guilty verdict , she 's always going to be remembered as ` The convicted killer Amanda Knox , ' and I 'm disgusted by that , " Huff said . Maria Cantwell , a U.S. senator from Knox 's home state of Washington , issued a statement saying she was "  saddened by the verdict . " "  I have serious questions about the Italian justice system and whether anti-Americanism tainted this trial , " Cantwell said . "  I will be conveying my concerns to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton . " Huff said she hopes the appeals process will show what her family has believed all along . "  She will be vindicated and she will be found innocent , " she said . Despite the pain the trial has brought Knox 's family , Huff stressed it is nothing compared to what victim Meredith Kercher 's family has gone through . "  They still do n't have closure , they may think they are vindicated with the guilty verdict but we know it does n't bring their daughter back , " she said .	Janet Huff : "  It was terrible , it was gut-wrenching just to hear them say it " Amanda Knox , former boyfriend , convicted of murdering British student Meredith Kercher Aunt says seeing people applaud verdict outside court made her sick Huff says Knox 's parents are "  shattered , they are not doing great "
Editor 's Note : Oscar-winning actor Javier Bardem produced a documentary , "  Invisibles , " on suffering in the Congo and four other regions of the world . John Prendergast is co-chair of the Enough Project , an initiative to end genocide and other crimes against humanity . Prendergast was director of African affairs at the National Security Council and special adviser at the Department of State during the second Clinton term . He has written eight books on Africa . Javier Bardem produced a film on suffering in Congo and four other regions of the world . CNN  -- Over the past decade , waves of violence have continuously crashed over eastern Democratic Republic of Congo , in the world 's deadliest war . A study by the International Rescue Committee says the war has led to the deaths of 5.4 million people . The human wreckage that washes ashore in displaced settlements and shattered communities has few parallels in terms of pure suffering . With the most recent escalation in the conflict during September and October , another tidal wave of destruction is hitting the embattled population of eastern Congo , with devastating consequences . The perpetrators and orchestrators of this violence do so primarily in a mad scramble for one of the richest non-petroleum natural resource bases in the world . All kinds of minerals are mined in the Congo that end up in our computers , cell phones , jewelry , and other luxury and essential items of everyday use . Because there is no rule of law in the Congolese war zone and no ethical code impacting the international supply and demand for these minerals , the result is that anything goes . In Congo , this means the vampires are in charge . Vampires take many forms in Congo . They are the militia leaders who control the mines , and who use mass rape as a means of intimidating local populations and driving people away from areas they want to control . Watch rape victim tell her story " Vampires also include some of the middlemen based in neighboring countries who arrange for the purchase and resale of Congo 's resources to international business interests , run by people who are often accomplices . They need to acquire minerals like tin and coltan to be able to satisfy the insatiable demand for these products in North America , Europe and Asia . It leads them to ask no questions about how the minerals end up in their hands . Then there are innocent consumers like us -- completely unaware that our purchases of cell phones , computers and other products are helping fuel a shockingly deadly war halfway around the world , not comprehending that our standard of living is in some ways based on the suffering of others . The suffering of the people of the Congo is unnecessary . If there was a functioning government there , and the rule of law , the minerals could be mined in a legal and orderly way . If there was a peace agreement involving the main armed groups , the use of sexual violence as a tool of war would end . If there was a cost for committing the kinds of atrocities that have become common in Congo , they would end . There are many Congolese community leaders , churches , politicians , human rights activists , women 's organizations and others who are struggling to create a future Congo that is defined by peace and security . Around the world , we can play a major role in supporting these everyday heroes . The Enough Project is launching a campaign called RAISE Hope for Congo , aiming to build a permanent and diverse constituency of activists who will advocate for the protection and empowerment of Congolese women and girls . Women and girls have become primary targets in the war of attrition between the armed groups in eastern Congo . Congo 's transformation must begin with them . Over a century ago , tens of thousands of people across the world joined together in what would be the 20th century 's first great international human rights movement to protest the bloody reign of Belgium 's King Leopold II over the Congo . In a murderous effort to exploit the central African nation 's vast natural resources , half of the Congo 's population would be decimated by King Leopold 's personal rule -- an estimated 8 million people . The resulting public outcry helped curb the worst abuses of that period . A century later , the people of the Congo need a new popular movement to end the atrocities once and for all . So , the good news is there are answers to what is happening in Congo . A determined peace process can end the war . Support for Congolese institutions can help build the rule of law and economic opportunities . And a focus on crimes against women by the International Criminal Court could help introduce some accountability and justice to a place that has little . But these things wo n't happen unless voices are raised all over the world against the injustice occurring in the Congo . If we make enough noise , we can influence politicians to pay a little more attention to the deadliest war in the world . With a little attention and some effective action , that war could end , and the era of vampire rule in eastern Congo would come to an end . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Javier Bardem and John Prendergast .	Bardem , Prendergast : Congo has had 10 years of war and suffering More than 5 million people have died as a result of the conflict , they say They say "  vampire " militia leaders , others , exploit Congo 's natural resources Voices must be raised against the injustices in the Congo , they say
