Egypt 's former longtime ruler Hosni Mubarak was cleared of charges in a retrial Saturday and could soon be released -- a stunning reversal for a man who faced life imprisonment or worse after a revolution toppled him in 2011 . A Cairo judge dismissed charges linking Mubarak to the deaths of hundreds of protesters during the 2011 revolt and found him not guilty of corruption . Mubarak , who ruled Egypt as president for 29 years , was stoic as his supporters in the courtroom cheered the decision that capped a months-long retrial . The 86-year-old , reclining on a hospital gurney in a defendants ' cage , nodded while fellow defendants kissed him on the head . Later , he told the country 's Sada ElBalad TV station in a brief phone interview that he "  did n't commit anything . " "  I laughed when I heard the first verdict , " he said of the first trial . "  When it came to the second verdict , I said I was waiting . It would go either way . It would n't have made a difference to me either way . " Prosecutor-General Hisham Barakat will appeal the verdict , Egypt 's government-controlled Al-Ahram newspaper website reported early Sunday . Mubarak was convicted in 2012 of issuing orders to kill peaceful protesters during the country 's 2011 uprising and was sentenced to life in prison . He appealed and was granted a new trial last year . Also acquitted Saturday were Mubarak 's former Interior Minister Habib el-Adly and six of el-Adly 's aides , who 'd been accused of being connected to the deaths of 239 protesters as security forces cracked down on them in 2011 . Mubarak 's two sons also were acquitted Saturday of corruption . Mubarak still has a three-year sentence for a previous conviction for embezzlement , but it was n't immediately clear how much time he 's already been credited with , and therefore when he will be free . CNN 's efforts to reach Mubarak 's lawyer Farid El-Deeb for comment were n't immediately successful . Both sides have alleged that Mubarak 's trials have been politicized , with supporters arguing he was unfairly vilified and opponents fearing that he 'd be acquitted as memories of the revolution faded . His legal fortunes did seem to parallel the political climate -- just last year , Mohamed Morsy , the Islamist who became Egypt 's first democratically elected president , supported a retrial with the backing of his supporters , who argued Mubarak should have received a death sentence rather than life in captivity . But Morsy himself was deposed by the military in July 2013 , as opponents accused him of pursuing an Islamist agenda at the exclusion of other factions . And now the Arab Spring revolt that ousted Mubarak has come nearly full circle -- Mubarak appears close to freedom ; Morsy is jailed , his Muslim Brotherhood banned ; and Morsy supporters allege the current government has returned to Mubarak 's authoritarian practices . Explaining the verdict Judge Mahmoud el-Rashidy said he dropped charges against Mubarak because Cairo Criminal Court did n't have the jurisdiction to try him for the protesters ' deaths . The judge said the case that prosecutors initially referred to the court listed only el-Adly and his aides as defendants -- not Mubarak himself . But after mass protests pressured the prosecutor general to question Mubarak , a second referral was made to the court , and the two cases were merged into one . Lawyer Hoda Nasralla , who represents the families of 65 slain and injured protesters , said the inclusion of Mubarak in a second referral should have trumped his exclusion in the first . "  The judge shied away from directly acquitting Mubarak even though he was accused of conspiring with Adly , and Adly was acquitted , " she said . "  The judge resorted to formalities instead . " ' I want only God 's retribution ' Salway El-Sayed , mother of one of the slain 2011 protesters , sat down on a sidewalk outside the court after she heard Saturday 's verdicts , praying to God to deliver justice . She broke down in tears , her hands shaking , as she recalled her son Tamer Hanafy , who was killed in January 2011 at Cairo 's Tahrir Square , epicenter of the uprising . "  I 'm worried my son 's blood would go in vain , " she said . "  Our children 's blood is n't cheap . Their blood is precious , like any other blood . " "  I do n't want execution , " she continued . "  This wo n't bring back my son ... I want only God 's retribution . Nothing more . " Tahrir Square was closed to traffic following Saturday 's verdicts . One man was killed and nine people were injured as several hundred demonstrators clashed nearby with Egyptian security forces , Egyptian Ministry of Health spokesman Hossam Abdel Ghaffar told CNN . Police fired tear gas and bird shot at the protesters . The Ministry of Interior said police were pelted by rocks before the incident escalated . The human rights group Egyptian Initiative for Personal Rights , whose lawyers represented more than 60 civil plaintiffs in the case , said that Saturday 's verdict solidified the impunity that it says security forces and their leaders enjoy . "  Justice was dealt another severe blow , " the group said in a news release . How it started In January 2011 , throngs of Egyptians filled the streets of Cairo to decry the country 's poverty , unemployment and repression . Protesters called for Mubarak to step down but were met by a fierce and often violent government crackdown . Mubarak eventually stepped down in 2011 . That freed up long-supressed Islamist movements , including the Muslim Brotherhood , to run for office . Morsy , backed by the Brotherhood 's Freedom and Justice Party , became president in June 2012 . But Morsy was ousted in a coup about a year later amid widespread protests against his rule . Since then , Cairo 's military-installed government has banned the Brotherhood , calling it a terrorist group -- an allegation it denies -- and accusing it of being behind a wave of deadly attacks on police and the military . Many Islamist and secular activists have been arrested and given lengthy sentences . A restrictive protest law and repeated deadly crackdowns on demonstrations followed . Abdel Fattah el-Sisi , the general who led Morsy 's ouster , was elected president in May after leaving the military to run for the office . Not free yet Since Mubarak stepped down in February 2011 , the ailing former ruler has appeared in court numerous times on a variety of charges , often wheeled in on a gurney . His lawyers say he suffered health problems after his 2011 arrest , including a stroke , and he has served much of his prison time at a military medical facility . In May , a Cairo court sentenced him to three years in prison for embezzlement . His sons Gamal and Alaa were sentenced to four years each on the same charge . All three were convicted of embezzling $ 18 million that was allocated for the renovation of presidential palaces . The Mubaraks have insisted they are not guilty .	Mubarak tells Egyptian TV station : "  I did n't commit anything " The 86-year-old is still serving a three-year sentence for embezzlement One man killed , nine people injured in protest near Tahir Square Prosecutor tell state media he will appeal verdict
RealSimple.com  -- For this constantly bickering couple , talking about divorce forced them to re-evaluate and revamp their differing communication styles . Akilah and Kris Richards Lawrenceville , Georgia Married eight years When Akilah and Kris became friends in the 10th grade , she was the extroverted captain of the cheerleading squad and the student-government vice president . He was a precocious student  he had skipped a grade  and a serious artist who preferred drawing to , well , people . Still , they clicked . "  I liked that Kris was really laid-back , " says Akilah , 33 , "  and he appreciated my big personality . " RealSimple.com : What is your body language saying ? She and Kris , 32 , lost touch after graduation but reconnected through an old pal four years later . Their friendship picked up where it had left off and slowly evolved into something more . "  After one phone call , in which we joked about the typical day of a married couple , I knew he would be my husband , " Akilah recalls . Problems started shortly after their 2002 marriage . They bickered over everything , from Kris 's habit of leaving his shoes in the front hallway to how often the home office should be cleaned .  The couple jointly own their own businesses .  A slight difference of opinion would leave them fuming for days . "  We 'd high-five each other if we could go three days without a fight , " Akilah admits . The qualities the couple once prized in each other -- Akilah 's verve and attitude , Kris 's easygoing manner -- were now sources of irritation . When faced with a problem , Akilah preferred to lay everything out on the table , while Kris , who hates conflict , would try to drop the subject . "  Now I realize avoiding the issue just made everything get worse , " he says . All that pent-up frustration was bound to explode -- and it did , on one wintry evening in December 2009 . Akilah and Kris had taken their two daughters to a Kwanzaa celebration . When their five year old , Marley , climbed onto the stage during a performance , Kris was appalled by her behavior and gave her a stern dressing down . Akilah thought he was overreacting and angrily told him so . Kris withdrew coldly . The pair drove home in sullen silence , put Marley and her younger sister , Sage , three , to bed , and once again began to fight . Akilah knew she had reached a tipping point in the marriage . Throughout her teens , she had watched her mother struggle in a troubled relationship . "  I remember all the anger and raised voices , " she says . "  My mother was unhappy but stayed with her boyfriend for years . That was not what I wanted for myself . " A few days later , Akilah told Kris she intended to call a divorce lawyer . He was shocked and saddened . But he did n't want to argue anymore , either . Numbly , he agreed . RealSimple.com : 10 ways to make your marriage divorceproof Soon after , the couple sat down to rehearse how they would break the news to their daughters . And Kris surprised Akilah . Calmly , he started asking her questions that warranted thoughtful answers , like "  How can I speak honestly when you lash out at what I say ? " Once Akilah realized her husband was genuinely trying to understand what had gone wrong between them , she says , "  I was willing to stop saying ' I quit ' and get into the thick of things with him . " Akilah and Kris discussed what was upsetting about the other 's communication style . Kris felt Akilah tended to cross-examine him . Akilah needed Kris to talk to her rather than retreat . To break the cycle , Kris proposed they set aside a period of time to think through an issue before hashing out a solution . And when Akilah felt herself acting like an imperious prosecutor , she would reach out and take Kris 's hand . "  That simple gesture reminded me of what matters -- our relationship -- not the details of some trivial incident , " she says . Today the two still have their scuffles , "  but we get through the conflicts better and faster , " says Kris . During a recent trip to New York City , Akilah was irked when Kris scheduled a client appointment that took up some of the time they had planned to spend sightseeing . "  A year ago , we would have gotten in a snit and gone our separate ways for the day , " says Akilah . This time they talked it through and took advantage of the hours they could be together . "  A lot of people have a misconception that marriage is the culmination of a relationship , " says Kris . "  Far from it . Marriage is a constant process of finding the best possible way to connect with another person -- and that 's what Akilah and I want from each other . " Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright © 2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Akilah and Kris bickered over everything shortly after they married in 2002 When faced with a problem , Akilah preferred to talk ; Kris would try to drop the subject While rehearsing divorce talks for daughters , couple explored relationship Learning to understand each others ' feelings saved their union
Los Angeles  CNN  The last hand in the "  two thumbs up " film critic team , Roger Ebert , died Thursday , two days after revealing cancer returned to his body . Ebert and Gene Siskel co-hosted the iconic review show "  Siskel and Ebert At The Movies " until Siskel 's death in 1999 after a battle with a brain tumor . The Chicago Sun-Times , the base of operations for Ebert 's syndicated reviews , announced his death at age 70 . "  We were getting ready to go home today for hospice care , when he looked at us , smiled , and passed away . No struggle , no pain , just a quiet , dignified transition , " his wife , Chaz Ebert , said in a statement Thursday . "  I 'll see you at the movies , " were the last words Ebert wrote to his readers . They were published in an essay titled "  Leave of Presence " on his blog Tuesday , in which he explained he was planning to slow down and reduce the number of movie reviews he wrote . "  My intent is to continue to write selected reviews but to leave the rest to a talented team of writers handpicked and greatly admired by me , " Ebert wrote . "  What 's more , I 'll be able at last to do what I 've always fantasized about doing : reviewing only the movies I want to review . " Ebert had already lost his voice and much of his jaw after battling thyroid and salivary gland cancer . He suffered a hip fracture in December , and it recently led to the revelations about cancer , he said . Ebert started as the Sun-Times film critic on April 3 , 1967 , writing about 200 reviews each of those 46 years , he said . The last year however , was his most prolific . "  Last year , I wrote the most of my career , including 306 movie reviews , a blog post or two a week , and assorted other articles , " he said . "  I must slow down now , which is why I 'm taking what I like to call ' a leave of presence . ' " Ebert : The critical critic with an open mind Ebert , who won a Pulitzer Prize for film criticism in 1975 , had a way with words and a sharp wit that is not easily matched . -- About Rob Schneider 's "  Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo " in 2005 : "  If he 's going to persist in making bad movies , he 's going to -- have to grow accustomed to reading bad reviews . " -- Concerning Schneider 's reaction to another critic who panned the film : "  But Schneider is correct , and Patrick Goldstein has not yet won a Pulitzer Prize . Therefore , Goldstein is not qualified to complain that Columbia financed "  Deuce Bigalow : European Gigolo " while passing on the opportunity to participate in "  Million Dollar Baby , " "  Ray , " "  The Aviator , " "  Sideways " and "  Finding Neverland . " As chance would have it , I have won the Pulitzer Prize , and so I am qualified . Speaking in my official capacity as a Pulitzer Prize winner , Mr. Schneider , your movie sucks . " Two years later , flowers showed up at Ebert 's door with a card , signed "  Your Least Favorite Movie Star , Rob Schneider . " "  The bouquet did n't change my opinion of his movie , but I do n't think he intended that , " Ebert wrote . "  It was a way of stepping back . It was a reminder that in the great scheme of things , a review does n't mean very much . Sometimes when I write a negative review , people will say , ` I 'll bet you ca n't wait to hammer his next film . ' Not true . I would far rather praise the next film to show that I maintained an open mind . " -- A good example of Ebert 's willingness to keep an open mind comes from his review of Tom Green 's 2001 comedy "  Freddy Got Fingered " of which he wrote one of his most scathing reviews : "  This movie does n't scrape the bottom of the barrel . This movie is n't the bottom of the barrel . This movie is n't below the bottom of the barrel . This movie does n't deserve to be mentioned in the same sentence with barrels . " But after watching Green in "  Stealing Harvard " a year later , Ebert revisited the film that he had awarded a rare zero stars : "  But the thing is , I remember ` Freddy Got Fingered ' more than a year later . I refer to it sometimes . It is a milestone . And for all its sins , it was at least an ambitious movie , a go-for-broke attempt to accomplish something . It failed , but it has not left me convinced that Tom Green does n't have good work in him . Anyone with his nerve and total lack of taste is sooner or later going to make a movie worth seeing . " -- Reviewing "  Crocodile Dundee II " : "  I 've seen audits that were more thrilling . " -- Giving no love to "  Star Wars Episode III : Revenge of the Sith " : "  To say that George Lucas can not write a love scene is an understatement ; greeting cards have expressed more passion . " Ebert : The film philosopher -- "  Every great film should seem new every time you see it . " -- "  No good movie is too long and no bad movie is short enough . " -- "  If you have to ask what it symbolizes , it did n't . " -- "  If a movie is n't a hit right out of the gate , they drop it . Which means that the whole mainstream Hollywood product has been skewed toward violence and vulgar teen comedy . " -- "  I am utterly bored by celebrity interviews . Most celebrities are devoid of interest . " Ebert : Remembered -- Wife Chaz Ebert : "  I am devastated by the loss of my love , Roger -- my husband , my friend , my confidante and oh-so-brilliant partner of over 20 years . He fought a courageous fight . I 've lost the love of my life and the world has lost a visionary and a creative and generous spirit who touched so many people all over the world . We had a lovely , lovely life together , more beautiful and epic than a movie . It had its highs and the lows , but was always experienced with good humor , grace and a deep abiding love for each other . "  Roger was a beloved husband , stepfather to Sonia and Jay , and grandfather to Raven , Emil , Mark and Joseph . Just yesterday he was saying how his grandchildren were ` the best things in my life . ' He was happy and radiating satisfaction over the outpouring of responses to his blog about his 46th year as a film critic . But he was also getting tired of his fight with cancer , and said if this takes him , he has lived a great and full life . " -- American Film Institute president and CEO Bob Gazzale : "  Roger Ebert championed the art of the moving image and by the courage of his personal example demonstrated how much movies matter . Ebert chaired the AFI AWARDS jury of critics , filmmakers and scholars who selected the year 's 10 best films in 2004 . He held the gavel that day with the same enthusiasm for excellence that made his voice a force in American popular culture . " -- Chicago Mayor Rahm Emanuel : "  Our whole city learned with sadness today of the passing of Roger Ebert , whose name was synonymous with two things : the movies and Chicago . In a Pulitzer Prize winning career that spanned more than four decades , thousands of reviews and countless acts of generosity to others , Roger championed Chicago as a center for filmmaking and critiques . With a knowledge of his subject as deep as his love for his wife Chaz , Roger Ebert will be remembered for the strength of his work , respected for his courage in the face of illness , and revered for his contribution to filmmaking and to our city . The final reel of his life may have run through to the end , but his memory will never fade . " -- Sun-Times Media Editor in Chief Jim Kirk : "  The long relationship between Roger and his Sun-Times family speaks volumes about Roger 's commitment to his craft and to his fans around the world . Roger 's reviews were highly anticipated by readers and the film community . Film commentary was only one of several gifts . He was a reporter first , in every aspect of his craft . He could write as eloquently about world affairs as he could on the upcoming blockbuster . Roger will be missed not only by the Sun-Times family , but by the journalism and film communities . Our thoughts are with Roger 's wife , Chaz , and their family during this time . "	"  No struggle , no pain , just a quiet , dignified transition , " his wife says Ebert told readers Tuesday he planned to slow down because of cancer "  I 'll see you at the movies , " were the last word 's Ebert wrote to his readers He started as the Sun-Times film critic on April 3 , 1967
CNN Student News  -- November 10 , 2010 Note to Parents and Teachers : CNN Student News has compiled the following tips , discussion questions , videos , articles and online resources that can be used to address bullying with students . Tips for Talking For Parents : Here are a few tips for setting the tone on bullying discussions with your kids • Initiate conversations with your kids about their school day . Allow them to talk about the good and not-so-good experiences that they have . • Promote self-esteem and confidence by reminding your child of his or her unique talents and qualities . • Do a lot of listening as one way of creating a trusting atmosphere between your child and you . • Keep the lines of communication open . Questions for Discussion For Parents and Teachers : Use some or all of these questions as a way to jumpstart conversations about bullying . Bullying and Cyberbullying What 's your definition of bullying ? What are some examples of bullying behavior , both physical and non-physical ? How can some kids use text messaging , social networks , and other non-physical means to bully someone ? Have you ever heard the term "  cyberbullying " ? What does it mean ? How do you think that cyberbullying might affect a person who is its target ? What are some examples of aggressive behavior ? Why do you think that some people choose to behave aggressively as their way of dealing with others ? Do you think that this behavior can be changed ? Explain . Peer Pressure and Bystanders Have you ever felt pressure to bully someone or to join in bullying with others ? What thoughts did you consider before you made the decision to be part of the bullying or not to be part of it ? How did you ultimately respond ? How do you think someone feels when he or she is being bullied ? Have you ever seen someone being bullied ? What , if anything , did you do ? Would you do anything differently if you are in that situation in the future ? What do you think the role of a bystander should be in a bullying situation ? As a bystander , what response are you most comfortable with ? Would you help someone who is the target of bullying behavior ? If so , how ? If not , what would prevent you from helping ? What do you think might happen if no one helps the target of a bully ? Responding to Bullying Have you ever been the target of bullying behavior ? If so , how did it make you feel ? How did you respond ? Do you think there were other ways that you could have responded ? Why did you choose the response that you did ? What is your personal plan of action if you are bullied or see someone being bullied ? Is there a staff member at school who will help you if you want to report bullying behavior that you witness or experience ? Who else might you talk to about it ? Friendship and Respect What are your thoughts on friendship ? What is more important to you : having a lot of friends or having a few good friends ? How do you decide who your friends are ? How do you decide to treat others who are not friends of yours ? How would you explain "  respect " ? Is it possible to respect a person but not like that person ? Do you think that respect for others is important ? Why or why not ? What could you do to set an example of respect ? How might your respect for others benefit you ? How might an atmosphere of mutual respect impact a class , a school and a community ? CNN Videos Anderson Cooper hosts a town hall special on bullying titled "  Bullying : No Escape " with special guests including Dr. Phil McGraw and American Idol 's Crystal Bowersox . Four segments from that special can be seen here : Bullying : No Escape  Part 1  Bullying : No Escape  Part 2  Bullying : No Escape  Part 3  Bullying : No Escape  Part 4 CNN 's T.J. Holmes talks with Glenda Hatchett of "  Judge Hatchett " about ways to handle bullying CNN 's Kyra Phillips and Daily Beast writer Lucinda Banks explore the recent suicides by teen victims of bullies The authors of the book "  Mean Girls , Meaner Women " discuss with CNN 's John Roberts why we appear to see an increase in bullying Dr. Phil McGraw joins CNN 's Anderson Cooper to discuss bullying and what parents can do to stop it CNN 's Anderson Cooper sits down with a group of students who share their experiences with being bullied at school AC 360 : Are bullying laws strict enough ? CNN Articles and Blogs Teen bullying : What parents need to know Bullying : Help your child handle a school bully Paging Dr. Gupta Blog : With cyberbullying , there 's no safe place , study finds School bullying activist : I know the terror Phoebe felt CNN Student News Blog : From A to Z with Carl Azuz : Worst type of bullying ? Additional Online Resources -- Links to External Sites Cartoon Network : Stop Bullying : Speak Up U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Resources : Stop bullying now ! U.S. Dept. of Health and Human Resources : Cyberbullying Project Change : A national model for youth-empowered community involvement Olweus Bullying Prevention Program Bullying Prevention -- National Crime Prevention Council	Parents and teachers can use this CNN Student News resource to address the topic of bullying with their students
PEOPLE.com  -- Three and a half weeks since having a double mastectomy , Giuliana Rancic says she 's "  doing better than I anticipated in recovery . " While that 's great news for the E! host , she also says her breast cancer ordeal has changed her life for the better "  in so many ways . " "  I never thought my marriage could be stronger , or I could be closer to -LSB- my husband -RSB- Bill , " she told PEOPLE at an E! Luncheon on Saturday for the Television Critics Association press tour in Pasadena , Calif. . She 's also become more religious . "  We go to church every Sunday . And we did before , but it never meant as much as it does now , " Rancic , 37 , says . "  We prayed on our own , but now we prayed together and you 'll never know how much that means until you do it . Bill and I have changed our lives in that one way . " As for the decision to have the surgery , which removed both her breasts , she has no regrets . "  The surgery brought my risks down to 95 to 100 percent , " she said . "  If I had a lumpectomy , I would have early estrogen menopause for at least two years , and I want to have children . " Besides , she told PEOPLE , her breasts do n't define who she is as a person or as a professional in the entertainment industry . "  I did n't give two sh ** s about my breasts . I did n't care that at the Golden Globes , I would n't be able to show cleavage , " she said . "  A lot of people were shocked . They said , ` Are you sure you want to do this ? Think about the life you lead and the fabulous dresses and that 's part of your job . It could put your job in jeopardy . ' And I thought , if I ever have a job that is defined by my breasts and some gorgeous gown then I 'm in the wrong business . " It also helps that her husband has been by her side throughout her health scare . "  It breaks my heart that a lot of women do n't have a supportive husband , " she said . "  Bill 's a saint , and the hottest male nurse ever . He 's very protective and it 's almost as hard for him as it was for me . " See the full article at PEOPLE.com . © 2011 People and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  I never thought my marriage could be stronger , " Giuliana Rancic says "  We prayed on our own , but now we prayed together , " she says "  The surgery brought my risks down to 95 to 100 percent , " Rancic says
Washington  CNN  -- Budget cuts from sequestration or overall austerity measures had nothing to do with the Navy using an outside company to screen contractors for access to bases , the Navy chief of operations said Wednesday in response to a scathing federal audit of the Rapidgate program . The audit , made public Tuesday , cited security problems it said were so severe that it recommended immediately closing the Navy Commercial Access Control System -- NCACS -- for security reasons . In particular , the audit said dozens of convicted felons got unescorted access to Navy installations for weeks and even years because the outside company issued temporary credentials to contractors before completing proper background checks . The Pentagon inspector general 's audit also found the program , intended to save money , probably wound up costing tax dollars instead . Coming a day after a contractor opened fire at the Washington Navy Yard , killing 12 people and dying himself , the audit amounted to a powerful indictment of security measures at Navy facilities . It also came as Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel ordered a worldwide review of security at military bases . There is no connection between the NCACS and Aaron Alexis , 34 , the IT contractor and former veteran who carried out the attack at the historic naval facility 2.5 miles from the White House . Alexis had a different kind of pass that was not issued through the NCACS , the Navy said . However , the audit revealed security loopholes that potentially put personnel at risk at 10 Navy installations around the country that were studied as a sample of the more than 60 located in the continental United States . Navy Yard : storied past , home today to high-ranking personnel Wasted money At a House Armed Services Committee hearing on Wednesday , Adm. Jonathan Greenert told legislators that the Navy would work with the inspector general 's office to reconcile the recommendations in the audit , though he stopped short of accepting all of them . Greenert also declared that the decision to use the outside company to screen Navy contractors , while a "  cost-control measure , " had "  nothing to do with budget shortfalls or sequestration itself . " "  We do n't cut budgetary corners for security , " Greenert said . "  The two are unrelated . " Sequestration comprises mandatory government budget cuts that took effect earlier this year . In response to the audit , legislators said Tuesday that the NCACS should be discontinued . "  This program wasted money , allowed dozens of felons access to installations they should never have had , and utterly lacked competent oversight , " said Democratic Sen. Claire McCaskill of Missouri , who requested that the inspector general review the contract after receiving a tip from a whistle-blower in June 2012 . "  It 's clear that its existence constitutes an unnecessary danger to the Navy and its personnel and it should be discontinued immediately . " Republican Rep. Mike Turner of Ohio , who sits on the House Armed Services Committee , told CNN that the audit caused "  great concern " because "  the report itself specifically says that people at these facilities remain at risk as long as this system is in place . " In its formal response to the audit , the Navy accepted some recommendations for further review and analysis of the NCACS but it rejected the call to end the program , saying it meets all federal requirements for background checks . Discontinuing the program that handled more than 14 million safe visits would result in "  unnecessarily long lines " at access points to Navy installations , the Navy response said . Called Rapidgate by its operating company , Eid Passport , the NCACS began screening and credentialing for most contractors and other commercial workers at Navy bases more than two years ago . While the military issues credentials to its personnel , NCACS handles workers from government contractors who choose to pay a fee for credentials in a process that includes a background check . Contractors unwilling to pay the fee can apply for day passes , while the Rapidgate system offers up to a year of unfettered access . Audit reports Navy risked security to cut costs , says source Almost 300,000 contractors enrolled According to the audit , there were 9,657 companies and 64,924 individuals enrolled in Rapidgate near the end of 2011 . As of March 1 of this year , the numbers had grown to 30,702 companies enrolled with 298,204 individual participants , it said . Many of the contractors got interim passes while Eid Passport was still conducting a background check required by military regulations , and others got full credentials without having been fully vetted as required through the National Crime Information Center database and the Terrorist Screening Database , the audit said . In addition , seven of the 10 bases visited by auditors lacked sufficient resources to conduct the required background checks for contractors seeking day passes instead of paying to take part in the NCACS , it said . "  As a result , 52 convicted felons received routine , unauthorized access to Navy installations for 62 to 1,035 days , " the audit said , adding that "  this placed military personnel , dependents , civilians , and installations at an increased security risk . " Vetting military contractors : How did the Navy Yard gunman get in ? Felony crimes by those who received improper access included intent to distribute cocaine , assault , theft and throwing a missile at an occupied vehicle , according to the audit . It also challenged the contention by Navy officials that the Rapidgate program amounted to a money saving move because of the fees paid by contractors for credentials . "  The cost reportedly absorbed by contractors to obtain Rapidgate credentials are transferred back to the Navy in the form of higher contract overhead costs and other contract fees , " the audit said , adding that the lack of transparent accounting meant that the Navy "  is unable to account for actual NCACS-related charges from contractor companies . " For example , it said , the Navy incurred NCACS-related charges of at least $ 1.28 million for 17 of the more than 30,000 contractor companies enrolled in the program . In a statement Wednesday , Eid Passport CEO Steve Larson said the company welcomed audits and "  looks forward to working with the Department of Defense to further refine and advance the world 's best high-assurance identity management solution . " The statement contained no direct response to specific findings of the audit . What is security like at the Navy Yard ? Hagel ordered a worldwide review of physical security measures at all U.S. military installations following Monday 's shooting . The Pentagon also is expected to review security clearances and access standards for contractors and other employees , according to a Defense Department official . At the White House on Tuesday , spokesman Jay Carney told reporters that the Director of National Intelligence "  is currently undertaking a review of the security clearance policy for certain contractors . " In addition , he said , President Barack Obama directed the Office of Management and Budget was "  examining standards for contractors and employees across federal agencies . " Did Obama strike the wrong tone after the Navy Yard shootings ? CNN 's Peter Hamby and Dana Bash contributed to this report .	NEW : The Navy chief says sequestration played no role in privatizing access control A federal audit says 52 convicted felons got improper access to Navy installations It calls for ending the program by an outside company that screens contractors The program cited by the audit has no connection to Navy Yard shooter Aaron Alexis
CNN  -- Michel Mulder may have arrived into the world 10 minutes after twin brother Ronald but he was first when it really mattered in Sochi , as the 27-year-old led home a famous Dutch 1-2-3 in the men 's 500m speed skating on day three of the Games . With Ronald taking the bronze , the Mulders became the first twins to medal in the same individual Winter Olympics event since American duo Phil and Steven Mahre in Sarajevo in 1984 . There was considerable confusion at the finish as Jan Smeekens , who took silver , raised his hands in triumph at the line -- only to eventually by beaten by just one hundredth of a second . "  I just did n't know , " Mulder told reporters . "  Then I saw that I had won and I could n't believe it . " While Mulder screamed in delight , Smeekens struggled to explain the pain of having gold snatched from his grasp . "  It was a kick in the gut , " said a man who initially believed he had won the competition after the scoreboard briefly showed him on top . "  I was so ecstatic that I won , I ca n't describe it . " However , the official timings eventually readjusted to show that Smeekens had been beaten by 0.012 seconds . "  I have never seen it in my career and I do n't think we will see it again , " Smeekens surmised . "  I have to congratulate Michel and Roland . It 's special . I am proud of them , but the disappointment is overwhelming right now . "  It 's silver and I have to be happy with it . Maybe I will be in a couple of hours , days , years -- I do n't know . But now it 's really disappointing . " Speed skating is decided by the fastest time registered by a competitor in two separate races and Mulder started his second race 0.04 seconds behind Smeekens . The fastest run of the day came from Ronald , whose 34.49 seconds had shot him from sixth place into gold medal position until his younger brother pushed him out in the penultimate heat . Defending champion Mo Tae Bum finished fourth as South Korea , a major force in Olympic speed skating in recent times , was forced off the podium . The Asian nation also failed to medal in the men 's 1500m short track even though Victor Ahn , who won three golds for South Korea in the 2006 Games , finished third . The problem for the country of his birth is that Ahn Hyun-Soo , as he was once known , now competes for Russia , a nationality switch he pushed through three years ago . The race was won by Canada 's Charles Hamelin , who clinched his third Olympic gold after previous triumphs in the 500m and 5000m relay in 2010 . "  It 's not my best distance but I had a really good start and was able to control the race afterwards , " said the 29-year-old . The Netherlands ' clean sweet in the speed skating , an event where they have taken all three gold medals on offer so far , had enabled them to go top of the medals table midway through Monday . But they were toppled by the Canadians in the last event of the day as Alex Bilodeau became the first man to win back-to-back Olympic moguls titles . With three gold medals apiece , Canada lead the Netherlands courtesy of having one more silver . Mikael Kingsbury -- who had led going into the third and final event -- took that silver , meaning Canada 's men matched their women 's achievements on Saturday , when sisters Justine and Chloe Dufour-Lapointe finished first and second . The 26-year-old , who is retiring from the sport to concentrate on other ventures , thanked his compatriots after finishing his career in perfect style . "  There were two other Canadians after me . Every day they push me in training and that 's why I got my best skiing tonight , " he said . "  I 'm glad to finish my last Olympics like this . It 's going to be a great retirement . " All-Time Battle Monday could have belonged to Ole Einar Bjoerndalen , the legendary Norwegian who won the 10km biathlon sprint on Saturday to share the all-time record of 12 Winter Olympic medals with compatriot Bjoern Daehlie . Competing in the biathlon pursuit , Bjoerndalen just failed in his quest to become the most successful Winter Olympian of all time -- finishing fourth after his shooting was , quite literally , off target . The 40-year-old finished just 1.7 seconds outside the medals in a contest won by Martin Fourcade as France celebrated its first gold of the Games . Bjoerndalen 's speed was good but he missed targets in the second prone and both standing shooting . "  I think I had the chance to win . When I missed the shot , I knew that was the end for me , " said Bjoerndalen . "  I was not strong enough on the shooting . " "  On the final leg , I tried to speed up but I realized the competition was too strong and I should have done that earlier . " The biathlete has four move events to try to eclipse the retired Daehlie , 46 , whose medals all came in cross country skiing . The first gold of the day came in the super-combined gold , as Maria Hoefl-Riesch defended her Olympic title with a total time of 2 minutes 34.62 seconds from her downhill and slalom runs . She finished four-tenths of a second ahead of Austrian Nicole Hosp and American favourite Julia Mancuso , who led after the downhill . "  The hill was steep at the start , which I found especially difficult . It did n't feel great , but I skied fast enough , " said Hoefl-Riesch , 29 . The 29-year-old , who had been fifth in the standings prior to her slalom , sunk to her knees in celebration as Mancuso , the last woman who could catch her , was only fast enough for bronze .	Canada go top of the medals table after Alex Bilodeau defends moguls title Twin brothers both medal as Dutch clean up in 500m speed skating final Ole Einer Bjoerndalen fails in bid to become Games ' most successful all-time Olympian
Washington  CNN  -- The Transportation Security Administration  TSA  is retraining some workers after allegations of racial profiling by officers assigned to look for people behaving suspiciously , a spokesman said . The classes come after agents at Boston 's Logan International Airport said fellow employees in the agency 's behavior detection program were targeting minorities for questioning based on their race or ethnicity . Some Boston officers have complained to the American Civil Liberties Union of Massachusetts . ACLU attorney Sarah Wunsch , who has spoken with 10 officers accusing their colleagues of racial profiling , told CNN that officers were targeting racial and ethnic groups -- including Mexicans , African-Americans and Brazilians -- for secondary screening . The claims , first reported in The New York Times earlier this month , prompted the TSA to open an internal investigation . Now behavior detection officers nationwide will take an "  online learning center refresher course to reinforce that racial/ethnic profiling will not be tolerated , " TSA spokesman David Castelveter said . TSA says it focuses on security , not good looks A class called Combating Racial/Ethnic/Religious Profiling is being provided to behavior detection officers and managers at Boston and Detroit airports , where similar intensive programs are in place . Classroom training includes a four-hour session where problems created by profiling will be discussed . Trainees will participate in scenarios designed to emphasize programs method , including relying on behaviors only , using an environmental baseline , using techniques supported by science , and using a partner to monitor for and verify that no racial/or ethnic/religious profiling is going on . "  TSA 's behavior detection program is a critical part of our approach to securing travel , but profiling passengers on any basis is simply not tolerated , " Castelveter said . "  Profiling is not only discriminatory , it is also an ineffective way to identify someone 's intent on doing harm . Officers are trained and audited to look for observable behaviors and behaviors alone . " Rep. Bennie G. Thompson of Mississippi has called for the TSA to suspend the behavioral screening program and requested a congressional hearing . Thompson is the ranking Democrat on the House committee on homeland security . Rep. Bill Keating of Massachusetts , a top Democrat on the House oversight and investigation subcommittee for homeland security , has also called for a probe . "  These allegations have more weight because they come from people who are knowledgeable about the requirements and training and see something going wrong in the screening process , " Keating said . Sikh group develops app to report airport profiling CNN 's Aaron Cooper , Jon Noah and Kristina Sgueglia contributed to this report .	TSA to retrain behavior detection officers after allegations of racial profiling Online refresher course mandated Workers in Boston , Detroit will get classroom training
The name "  Ferguson " will enter America 's political vocabulary alongside cities like Detroit , Harlem and South Central Los Angeles -- places where black Americans rioted in the streets following the violent mistreatment of unarmed black men at the hands of police . Despite amazing progress in some areas of race relations -- notably , the election and re-election of Barack Obama as President -- the United States also harbors a deep , durable strain of racism that occasionally flares into public consciousness , sometimes with explosive results . The summer of 2014 was one of those times the curtain was pulled back and the ugliness emerged . On July 17 in New York City , half a dozen police confronted a man named Eric Garner for allegedly selling cigarettes on the street without a license to do so . A bystander 's phone camera captured video of the police pushing Garner to the ground using a chokehold as Garner , a father of six , repeatedly said "  I ca n't breathe . " He died shortly afterwards . A few weeks later on August 5 , in Beavercreek , Ohio , a man named John Crawford was shot to death inside a Walmart store after police responded to an emergency call about a man waving a weapon . Crawford turned out to be holding a pellet-shooting BB gun he 'd picked up from a shelf inside the store  which sells the gun  . On August 9 in Ferguson , Missouri , police killed a teenager named Michael Brown and left his body uncovered in the street . Witnesses say Brown had his hands up when an officer fired six shots into his body . A week of demonstrations and violence followed . On August 11 , a 25-year-old man named Ezell Ford was shot to death in Los Angeles . Police say Ford attacked an officer after his car was stopped ; other witnesses say he was not resisting and was killed while lying down in the street . All around America , demonstrations have taken place to protest what some call a national epidemic of police brutality toward black men . There 's no sure way of knowing whether there is a pattern of police imposing deadly force on blacks , but civil rights organizations have long complained about racial profiling -- the practice of assuming members of a racial minority group are engaged in criminal activity and detaining or arresting them for that reason alone . Such practices are illegal under the U.S. Constitution . "  Racial profiling continues to be a prevalent and egregious form of discrimination in the United States , " says the website of the American Civil Liberties Union . "  This unjustifiable practice remains a stain on American democracy and an affront to the promise of racial equality . " America has fought a long battle to ensure equal opportunity and legal treatment for descendants of the African slaves who spent centuries in bondage until the practice was outlawed in 1863 . But many stories show black Americans lagging far behind when it comes to economic and educational achievement . Studies show that white families , for instance , had an average of $ 113,149 in household wealth in 2009 compared with only $ 5,677 for blacks . Educators have discovered a persistent gap between black and white students on standardized English and math tests . These gaps have existed for decades , but they seldom result in the kind of street demonstrations and riots that followed the recent killings in Missouri and elsewhere . That 's because poverty and ignorance are social ills that people can battle gradually . Racial profiling and police violence , on the other hand , represents a form of injustice that is impossible to ignore . History suggests that grinding poverty and discrimination create social dynamite -- but it 's police violence that triggers the explosion . Adam Serwer of Buzzfeed recently described some of this history , accurately , as 80 years of Fergusons . In 1935 , a false rumor swept through Harlem that a 16-year-old , arrested for shoplifting , had been killed by police . It touched off two days of rioting . In 1962 , riots went off in St. Louis -- a stone 's throw from Ferguson -- when a teenager was shot to death while running from a policeman who claimed the boy had tried to grab his gun . After riots broke out in Detroit in 1967 -- five days of chaos that left 41 dead -- a presidential commission found that police aggression , along with racism and discrimination , was to blame . In 1980 , the Liberty City section of Miami went up in flames after a man named Arthur McDuffie died in police custody after a motorcycle crash . One responding officer later testified that his fellow cops had beaten McDuffie with flashlights ; when the officers were acquitted , rioters took to the streets . Miami burned again in 1989 , after an officer shot a motorcyclist to death  the officer ended up convicted of manslaughter , although the conviction was later overturned  . And in Los Angeles in 1992 , the acquittal of officers who 'd been videotaped beating a motorist named Rodney King led to riots that left more than 50 people dead . Then , as now , the social unrest reminds many black Americans of a time when violence -- including violence by police -- was used as a tool of social and political intimidation . In the 1960s , at the same time urban riots were taking place , police were also used to attack and brutalize African-Americans seeking the right to vote . A famous series of protests in Birmingham , Alabama , in 1963 , led by Martin Luther King Jr. , led to mass arrests and attacks by police using dogs , fire hoses and clubs on nonviolent demonstrators . A similarly brutal attack on demonstrators followed in Selma , Alabama , in 1965 . Black political leaders are making a connection between the politically-motivated police violence of the past and the current cases of possible profiling . It was significant that two of King 's children , Martin Luther King III and Bernice King , attended Mike Brown 's funeral , along with the Rev. Jesse Jackson , who was at King 's side the day he was assassinated . The biggest difference between past violence and the current cases is that African-Americans now have much greater political influence -- most notably , a black president . Obama sent high-ranking aides to Brown 's funeral , and the nation 's top law-enforcement official , Attorney General Eric Holder , made a personal appearance in Missouri , wrote an open letter to the town and deployed 40 FBI agents to investigate the killing of Brown . The nightly violence involving citizens and police in the days following Brown 's killing have stopped for now , but the national debate over the politics of policing will continue long into the future . Even with a black president , this summer 's cases show that suspicions of racial profiling will remain a live , lingering concern from coast to coast as long as cops apply outsized levels of force that rarely , if ever , get applied outside of black communities . Will we see more Fergusons ? My guess would be yes . 80 years of history suggest that the inequality and discrimination that continue to plague black communities around America are still a kind of factory creating vast amounts of social dynamite . Those tensions can be detonated by a single clash between police and citizens in a country where encounters take place thousands of times every day . So the odds suggest there will be more times when America pays the price for maintaining a gap between the American dream and the very real nightmare of poverty and racism in our midst .	Errol Louis says racial divisions in America were again exposed by the shooting of Michael Brown Black Americans lag behind when it comes to economic and educational opportunities , studies show Even with a black president , suspicions of racial profiling will remain a live , lingering concern , says Louis Louis predicts more flashpoints like what happened in Ferguson
CNN  During the reopening of the Baghdad Museum on Saturday , Iraqi Prime Minister Haider al-Abadi made one thing clear : The artwork that epitomizes Iraq 's culture and history will not be wiped away by anyone or anything , including ISIS . "  They are trying , with their barbarism and arrogance , to destroy the inheritance of humanity , the inheritance of Iraqi people and their civilization , -LSB- the -RSB- same way they destroyed humans , " al-Abadi said . "  I want to send clear message from here in Baghdad , that we will preserve this human civilization and its inheritance , and we will pursue those who are trying to destroy it . " The Prime Minister 's comments came after a video was released by ISIS purporting to show militants smashing and shattering pieces at a museum in Mosul . "  These antiquities and idols behind me were from people in past centuries and were worshiped instead of God , " one masked man said in the clip . "  When God Almighty orders us to destroy these statues , idols and antiquities , we must do it , even if they 're worth billions of dollars . " It is n't clear from the video how many artifacts were lost or how many of those destroyed were originals . There 's reason to believe that some pieces were spared , according to Qais Hussain Rashid , the director general of Iraqi museums at the Ministry of Antiquities and Tourism . He told CNN that ISIS sells stolen antiquities on the black market to finance their operations . The Prime Minister also mentioned the smuggling reports in his speech on Saturday . He also alleged that ISIS is receiving some sort of assistance in its smuggling operation , though he did not specify any organization in particular . "  We have all the details on all the antiquities in Mosul , every single piece is marked , numbered and saved in our records , " he said . "  Therefore , we will pursue all these antiquities . " The Mosul Museum has 173 original pieces , according to Rashid . Also , reports began to surface about a month ago that ISIS militants were burning thousands of books and manuscripts from museums , libraries and universities in Mosul . Those reports amount to "  a new phase in the cultural cleansing " being perpetrated by the extremist group , UNESCO Director-General Irina Bokova said in a news release . If the reports of book burnings are confirmed , the U.N. cultural agency said , "  this would be one of the most devastating acts of destruction of library collections in human history . " CNN 's Ben Wedeman and Dana Ford contributed to this report .	Iraqi Prime Minister says ISIS is trying to "  destroy the inheritance of humanity " His comments come after ISIS released a video showing the destruction of art and sculptures ISIS claims the video was shot in Mosul and the pieces are antiquities
Istanbul  CNN  -- Mounting tensions between the government and members of Turkey 's Kurdish ethnic minority erupted on the streets of the country 's largest city Thursday , after Kurdish activists clashed with riot police at a protest organized by the main Kurdish nationalist political party . Scores of Kurdish youths , many of them covering their face with bandannas , hurled stones and petrol bombs as security forces fired tear gas to try to disperse the crowds in Istanbul . Amid the chaos near the banks of the Marmara Sea , a CNN producer witnessed a man collapse , apparently overwhelmed by the clouds of noxious tear gas . Nearby , flowers littered the pavement where a women 's flower stand had been overturned . The Peace and Democracy Party  BDP  , Turkey 's main Kurdish political party , organized rallies in Istanbul and other Turkish cities Thursday to mark "  World Peace Day . " But the rallies come within weeks of a fresh Turkish military bombing campaign of Kurdish separatist rebels who have long operated out of camps and bases across the border in Northern Iraq . Tensions escalated after a BDP official , Yildirim Ayhan , was killed Sunday during clashes with security forces on the Turkish side of the border . Ayhan was reportedly part of a group of Kurdish activists marching toward Iraq to serve as human shields against the Turkish aerial and artillery bombardment . The protest in Istanbul Thursday began fairly peacefully . Women in traditional Kurdish costumes led a column of thousands of people , many of them waving BDP flags and carrying banners that said "  peace now immediately " and "  long live the brotherhood of people . " Since 1984 , fighters from the Kurdistan Workers Party , or PKK , have waged a bloody guerrilla war against the Turkish state that has claimed more than 30,000 lives . For decades , Kurds were the target of repressive government policies , implemented by officials who sometimes referred to members of Turkey 's largest ethnic minority as "  mountain Turks . " Until just a few years ago , it was illegal to speak Kurdish on radio and television in Turkey . The government of prime minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan has tried to improve relations by launching a state Kurdish language TV station in 2009 . Despite these steps , some of the demonstrators on Thursday chanted "  Erdogan murderer " and chanted "  Kurdistan will be the graveyard for fascism . " At one point in the march , BDP parliament member Sebahat Tuncel successfully negotiated with police officers who had objected to some of the political banners . The signs were taken down , and the march proceeded . But then CNN journalists witnessed dozens of young masked men emerge and begin hurling stones at bus stops . Then chaos broke out . As Kurdish youths hurled stones , police officers took cover behind fences firing round after round of tear gas into Kadikoy 's main square . Frightened bystanders fled the scene choking . Meanwhile , protesters also lobbed Molotov cocktails into the melee . At one point , CNN cameraman Joe Duran witnessed a mob of Kurdish activists viciously beating a man . Duran left the scene of the violence after members of the crowd turned on him and told him to turn off his camera . A Turkish police commander told CNN there were approximately 3,000 protesters participating in the rally . The officer , who did not volunteer his name or rank , estimated only a minority of the demonstrators , some 150 people , participated in the violence . But some Kurdish activists blamed the government for the clashes . "  Look , we are struggling for peace and Erdogan attacks us using tear gas , " said Sabiha Sayan , a female demonstrator , dressed in the white hooded veil traditionally worn by many Kurdish women . After a melee that lasted nearly two hours , demonstrators fled the scene . The ground was littered with shards glass from dozens of shattered bus stops and newspaper kiosques . Billboards advertising the face of Turkey 's prime minister had been defaced with graphiti saying "  the Arab Spring will come to Turkey and you will be on trial . " Commuters began gingerly stepping through debris and past overturned police barriers , some of them wincing at the tear gas still lingering in one of Istanbul 's busiest transit hubs . A pair of tourists from Italy wandered through the gas-canister strewn square pulling their suitcases , looking in vain for a shuttlebus to the airport . Other protests were scheduled to be held in other Turkish cities on Thursday , including the southeastern city of Diyarbakir , the unofficial capital of Turkey 's Kurdish minority . CNN 's Joe Duran contributed to this report	The march began peacefully to celebrate World Peace Day Some masked youths began throwing stones and petrol bombs Tensions were raised by the death of a BDP member was killed Sunday
CNN  -- Three teenage boys in a Connecticut town -- at least two of them popular high school football players -- stand accused of rape for alleged encounters with two 13-year-old girls . And at least one of the alleged victims has been attacked on social media , with messages from fellow teens calling her a "  whore . " The allegations are spiraling through Torrington , a small town of 36,000 people in northwest Connecticut . The case has come to light just days after two teenage football players in Steubenville , Ohio , were found guilty of raping a 16-year-old girl in an incident involving disturbing , boastful text messages and a series of social media attacks against the accuser . Now Torrington is thrust into the national spotlight , becoming a new focal point for worries over teenage sex , rape and the use of social media to alternately attack both the alleged victim and the accused The Torrington cases are very different from Steubenville , however . "  What we 're dealing with here is an age difference , " Lt. Michael Emmanuel , commander of the Torrington Police Department Detective Division , told CNN . "  If it was a one-year age difference ... there would have been no crime . " How do I raise a boy not to be a rapist ? Connecticut law makes it illegal for a teenager to have sex with a minor more than three years younger than him or her . "  These victims knew the arrestees , they were friends with them , " and they were involved in the encounters "  voluntarily , although it was still wrong , " Emmanuel said . It was "  consensual " in the sense that there was not an attack but was illegal because by law , a 13-year-old is too young to give consent , he said . Joan Toribio and Edgar Gonzalez , both 18 , are charged with sexual assault , risk of injury to a minor and illegal contact with a child , prosecutor Terri Sonnemann told CNN . The alleged offenses occurred in early February . Toribio also faces similar charges in an alleged earlier incident in January involving one of the two alleged victims . Police documents provided to CNN list the alleged offenses by Toribio and Gonzalez as "  sex forcible rape . " The young men have not made a public statement . An attorney for Toribio declined to comment . Gonzalez 's attorney , J. Patten Brown III , said his client denies all charges against him . Gonzalez is being held in jail pending trial because his mother can not afford to post bond , Brown said . "  We pleaded not guilty , and we asked for a jury trial , " Brown said . "  We deny anything occurred ; we deny all allegations . " Torrington High School senior Joe Tessora told CNN affiliate WFSB that Toribio and Gonzalez are "  the coolest guys ever . They 're not all that bad . All this stuff is getting pulled out of proportion . " Opinion : In Steubenville , why did n't other girls help ? A 17-year-old boy has also been charged in an alleged incident last fall , police said . Because he is a minor , authorities have not released information about him . Authorities have not released many details because the cases remain under seal . Emmanuel explained how the case began : The family of one of the alleged victims learned of the encounter and reported it to police . That sparked an investigation , which led to police discovering that two 18-year-olds had allegedly sexually assaulted two 13-year-old girls , and that one of those girls had also allegedly been sexually assaulted by a 17-year-old boy last fall . Attacked on Twitter After word broke of the case in February , some people , many of them fellow teens , began vicious attacks , particularly against the girl whose parents had gone to the police . "  I wan na know why there 's no punishment for young hoes , " one person tweeted . "  Young girls acting like whores there 's no punishment for that young men acting like boys is a sentence , " another tweeted . "  I hope you got what you wanted , " wrote another . One tweet accused her of having "  snitched . " The local newspaper , The Register Citizen , archived images of tweets before many were taken down . "  Even if it was all his fault , what was a 13 year old girl doing hanging around with 18 year old guys , " tweeted one girl , whose Twitter handle seemed to no longer be active Thursday . She later tweeted that she was misunderstood . Healing process after rape never ends One boy tweeted that he is the cousin of the girl who wrote that tweet , and that some people on Twitter were "  threatening to kill " her for what she wrote . Brown , Gonzalez 's attorney , said his client had no knowledge of the Twitter traffic , has had no access to computers and has had no visitors who could have informed him . "  I find it interesting that the accused 's name is published but not the accuser 's , " Brown said . "  But that 's the law , and I have every intention of respecting and obeying the law , and my client has every intention of respecting and obeying the law as well . "  He 's more concerned with moving forward with the trial , being exonerated and putting this behind him , " Brown said . How to help and support young rape victims	Three Connecticut teens , ages 17 and 18 , are accused of having sex with two girls , 13 In Connecticut , it is illegal for a teen to have sex with a minor more three years younger The investigation began when the parents of one of the alleged victims called the police As the case became public , one alleged victim was criticized on Twitter by other teens
Watch or record "  Black in America : The New Promised Land -- Silicon Valley " when it airs on CNN on Sunday , November 13 at 8:00 p.m. ET/PT and re-airs Nov. 13 at 11:00 p.m. ET/PT . By recording the documentary , you agree that you will use the program for educational viewing purposes for a one-year period only . No other rights of any kind or nature whatsoever are granted , including , without limitation , any rights to sell , publish , distribute , post online or distribute in any other medium or forum , or use for any commercial or promotional purpose . Documentary Description While much of the country struggles to emerge from a recession , California 's Silicon Valley is booming , and technology companies like Facebook , Skype , and Apple are seeing their valuations soar . CNN anchor and special correspondent Soledad O'Brien reports that the ownership of this digital boom is mostly young , white , and male . For her fourth Black in America documentary , O'Brien asks why , according to industry analyst CB Insights , less than one percent of all venture capital money went to digital startups with African-American founders in 2010 . She follows the progress of eight strangers after they were selected to live together for nine weeks in a unique , technology-focused "  accelerator " developed to help African-American digital entrepreneurs secure funding to establish their businesses . Black in America : The New Promised Land -- Silicon Valley airs November 13th at 8pm ET/PT and re-airs Nov. 13 at 11:00 p.m. ET/PT Recommended grades : 9-12 Subject Areas : Social Studies , African American Studies , Business Before-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to promote discussion before viewing the program . 1 . What is an "  entrepreneur " ? Do you know any entrepreneurs ? If so , what kinds of businesses do they own and what do you think they needed to get started ? 2 . What skills , abilities and experiences do you think might be necessary for someone to be a successful entrepreneur ? 3 . Do you think that running an Internet technology company requires a different skill set than running other kinds of companies ? If so , why ? If not , why not ? Post-Viewing Discussion Questions : Use these questions to facilitate discussion and critical thinking after watching "  The New Promised Land . " What is the NewME Accelerator Program ? How would you describe the companies that are supported by this program ? What does founder Angela Benton say needs to happen for this program to be successful ? Where does Benton say you should live if you are going to work in technology ? Why do you think that this region has become the center for the U.S. technology industry ? What resources do you think a region might need to have in order to support technology companies ? According to the documentary , what percentage of "  dot com " companies founded by first-time entrepreneurs fail ? What factors do you think might contribute to the success or failure of an Internet-based company ? Explain . What is Google 's Dragon 's Den ? How would you describe the pitches the NewME entrepreneurs gave at this event ? What feedback did the NewME participants receive there ? How do you think that this feedback might relate to the establishment and operation of a business ? Why do you think that business investor Ron Conway says it might be harder for African-American entrepreneurs to be recruited by Silicon Valley investors ? What do you think these investors should do , if anything , to encourage investment in minority-owned startup companies ? Who is Mitch Kapor ? According to the video , why does he care about the black entrepreneurs who come to Silicon Valley to be successful ? How does Silicon Valley blogger Michael Arrington respond when CNN 's Soledad O'Brien asks , "  Why do you think there are so few African American tech entrepreneurs here -LSB- in Silicon Valley -RSB- ? " Why does he believe that they may have an advantage ? What is meant by the term "  meritocracy " ? What statements are made in the documentary that support or refute the idea that success in Silicon Valley is based on merit ? According to NewME mentor Vivek Wadhwa what challenges might minority entrepreneurs face in trying to establish technology companies ? What techniques did Wadhwa use to raise money for his business ventures ? What is your reaction to these techniques ? Do you think the NewME entrepreneurs should use these same techniques ? Why or why not ? Why do the NewME participants start working as a team ? What do you think might be the pros and cons of working together in this environment versus working individually ? Explain . What is "  Demo Day " ? What does Benton say entrepreneurs will need to do after their pitches to secure funding ? Which entrepreneur  s  do you think might find investors after this event , if any ? Why do you think that they will be successful in securing capital ? Media Literacy Questions What is the purpose of a trailer ? What elements would you include in a trailer about this documentary ? Why ? Learning Activity -- Making a pitch Point out to your students that the NewME entrepreneurs made a brief speech , called a pitch , to potential investors . Ask students : What was the purpose of the pitches seen in the video ? What were some of the services provided by the NewME entrepreneurs ' Internet-based businesses ? Divide the class into groups , and challenge each group to develop its own idea for an Internet-based business . Then , direct students to research the Internet for strategies on delivering an effective pitch , sometimes known as an "  elevator speech . " After groups have completed their research , direct them to prepare , and then deliver , two-minute pitches based on their business idea . After each speech , have the class give constructive feedback regarding the pitches and state some reasons why class members would or would not consider funding this business proposal if they were investors . After the presentations , ask students : What factors might determine whether or not a pitch is successful ? What kinds of things do you think that potential investors want to hear in any pitch from an entrepreneur ? Curriculum Connections Social Studies National Curriculum Standards for Social Studies : The Themes of Social Studies 2 TIME , CONTINUITY , AND CHANGE Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of the ways human beings view themselves in and over time . 3 . PEOPLE , PLACES , AND ENVIRONMENTS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of people , places , and environments . 5 . INDIVIDUALS , GROUPS , AND INSTITUTIONS Social studies programs should include experiences that provide for the study of interactions among individuals , groups , and institutions . The National Curriculum Standards for the Social Studies are produced by the National Council for the Social Studies .	"  The New Promised Land " follows the progress of eight strangers living together in a unique , technology-focused "  accelerator " developed to help African-American digital entrepreneurs secure funding to establish their businesses Parents and educators can use this guide to initiate discussion with students about the documentary
Beijing  CNN  -- Clashes in the unsettled western Chinese region of Xinjiang killed 21 people , including police officers and local officials , authorities said Wednesday . The attacks took place Tuesday afternoon after three local officials visiting homes in the area found "  several suspicious persons " and knives in one house , the Xinjiang government said in a statement . When the officials alerted their superiors of the situation , the people in the house took them hostage , the statement said . Police rushed to the scene , and in the ensuing violence , six of the assailants and 15 other people were killed , it said . Two other people were injured . Police captured eight of the attackers , whom the government described as "  mobsters . " It described the violence as a "  terrorist act . " Some of the knives recovered by police were more than a meter long , according to Hou Hanmin , spokesperson for the Xinjiang government . She told CNN that some of the captured assailants said under interrogation that they had watched videos "  from overseas " that featured violence and acts of terrorism . "  Then they made those large , lethal knives and wanted to use them for Jihad , " she said , referring to the Arabic term meaning "  struggle . " "  They had been training in their own house for several months . They were affected by extremism and hoped to commit themselves to Jihad . " Xinjiang has been hit by periodic bouts of unrest . The worst violence in decades took place in July 2009 , when rioting between Uyghurs and Han Chinese left around 200 people dead and 1,700 injured in the regional capital , Urumqi . Uyghurs are predominantly Muslim ethnic Turks who are linguistically , culturally and religiously distinct from China 's majority Han population . The Uyghur American Association , which advocates for Uyghur rights , said the Chinese accounts of the violence this week "  should be viewed with extreme caution given the lack of available details and independent verification of Chinese sources . " The Washington-based association accused Chinese officials of regularly exploiting incidents in the region to use them as evidence of a perceived terrorist plot against the Chinese state . "  The Chinese government regularly makes terror allegations against Uyghurs without producing evidence to back up their claims or allowing international investigators to independently verify their version of events , " the association said in a statement Wednesday . Chinese authorities have cracked down on those they accuse of fomenting unrest in the region . As is often the case , the government statement about Tuesday 's clash did n't specify the ethnicity of the assailants . But it said that the 15 people killed who were n't "  mobsters " comprised 10 Uyghurs , three Han , and two Mongolians . The latest violence occurred in Bachu County , east of the city of Kashgar . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : The Uyghur American Association questions the Chinese version of events The clashes took place Tuesday in the restive region of Xinjiang , authorities say Officials were taken hostage by "  suspicious persons " they found in a house Ethnically-divided Xinjiang has suffered regular bouts of unrest
CNN Student News  -- February 8 , 2011 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Egypt • Sudan Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Today 's show goes out to our Facebook fans at Wheeler High School in Marietta , Georgia . Get ready to update your maps , because the world is about to get a new country ! I 'm Carl Azuz . This is CNN Student News ! First Up : Meeting with Business AZUZ : First up , President Obama and business : can they work together ? The president has not had the best relationship with business leaders , specifically with the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . The group was against the health care and Wall Street reform laws that the president pushed for and passed . And the Chamber supported a lot of Republican candidates in last year 's midterm elections . The U.S. Chamber of Commerce is the country 's largest business organization . It represents 3 million businesses from all across the U.S. And its main purpose is to work on behalf of those businesses , especially in Washington . During his speech to the 200 members of the Chamber yesterday , President Obama acknowledged the tension between them . But he says he 's convinced that they can and must work together . One thing that both sides want : more jobs . The president promised that he 'll work on programs and policies , like spending money on education and improving transportation networks , that would help the country 's businesses and would help get the economy back on track . Economy in Turmoil AZUZ : Things are moving forward in Egypt . The country 's new Cabinet had its first meeting yesterday . There are some protesters still out in the streets , saying they 're not gon na budge until President Hosni Mubarak steps down . Mubarak has said he wo n't run for re-election in September . We 've talked a lot about what all this political upheaval could mean for Egypt 's government in the future . Frederik Pleitgen is looking at what it means for Egypt 's economy right now . Here 's his report . BEGIN VIDEO FREDERIK PLEITGEN , CNN INTERNATIONAL CORRESPONDENT : As anti-Mubarak protesters remain entrenched in Cairo 's Tahrir Square , the effects of the uprising are visible nationwide . This is Stella Heliopolis , a massive real estate development outside Egypt 's capital with 1,500 housing units under construction . Owner Ayoub Adly Ayoub says work has come to a virtual standstill since the protests began . AYOUB ADLY AYOUB , PRESIDENT , REMCO GROUP : We had to slow down because we could not get the materials in time , most of the laborers could not come . Now , we are starting to organize ourselves to go back to work . Maybe $ 4 - $ 5 million of losses per month at least . PLEITGEN : Ayoub says if things do n't improve , he might have to start laying off workers . One bank estimates this crisis is costing Egypt more than $ 300 million a day as the economy remains in a state of paralysis . Egypt 's economy is losing a lot of money every day and business people fear the long-term consequences could be grave , as investors lose their confidence and tourists start choosing other destinations . Many business sectors are affected , some only now coming back to life . As shop owners slowly began opening their doors on Cairo 's streets on Sunday , banks serviced customers for this first time since the beginning of the crisis . To prevent the masses from pulling their cash out of the institutions , private withdrawals were limited to $ 10,000 or 50,000 Egyptian pounds . Despite long lines , most appeared calm . UNIDENTIFIED MALE -LSB- TRANSLATED -RSB- : "  There are a lot of people who are withdrawing money because banks were closed in the last few days , " this man says . "  Many people are withdrawing money . " PLEITGEN : Ayoub Adly Ayoub says though the fallout from the uprising is seriously hurting his business interests , he understands the anti-government protesters . AYOUB : I have personal sympathy for them . I think there was corruption , it is a time of change . But my personal view is that we should give the people that are in charge now that are trying to clean up and put this country together a chance . PLEITGEN : But it does n't seem like the anti-government protesters are willing to give the current government that chance . As many Egyptians fight for social change , many workers on construction sites like this one are fighting and praying to keep their jobs . Fred Pleitgen , CNN , Cairo , Egypt . END VIDEO Sudan Vote AZUZ : To the south of Egypt is Sudan , a country that 's about to be split in half -- literally . In a referendum last month , nearly 99 percent of southern Sudanese voted to split from the north and form their own country . Sudan 's north and south fought a war against each other for more than two decades . The peace treaty that ended that conflict led to this vote . The country 's president has said he 'll accept the results of the election , so Southern Sudan could become the world 's newest nation by this summer . This Day in History AZUZ : It 's February 8th . This day in history : In 1910 , the Boy Scouts of America was founded by William D. Boyce . He was inspired after being helped by a British scout when he got lost in London . Is This Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? The symptoms of a concussion can include nausea , dizziness and memory problems . This is true . And anyone who 's gotten one of these brain injuries is more likely to get another one . Protecting Young Athletes AZUZ : Concussions are pretty common in contact sports like football . At the NFL level , there are around 100 concussions every year . But when you look at the number of teens and younger kids who go to the ER for sports-related concussions , that number jumps to more than 100,000 ! Doctor Sanjay Gupta shows us how one program uses prevention and preparation to address the problem . BEGIN VIDEO DR. SANJAY GUPTA , CNN CHIEF MEDICAL CORRESPONDENT : Most of these players see themselves as mini-versions of these guys . CHRIS NOWINSKI , PRESIDENT , SPORTS LEGACY INSTITUTE : Youth football is trying to be the professional game , sometimes for good , but sometimes for bad . GUPTA : The good ? Competition . Camaraderie . The bad ? Concussions . And the ugly ? A tendency trickling down from the pros to hide head injuries . NOWINSKI : When you are 13 , you have the same drives to play through pain , play through injury - not wanting to look weak in front of your friends or weak in front of your enemies . Guys went great lengths to hide injuries or not talk about them . GUPTA : It turns out hiding has consequences , first seen at the NFL level . Retired players consumed with depression , rage , memory problems . Their symptoms associated with the mysterious brain disease called chronic traumatic encephalopathy . It looks like dementia , but it strikes players in their 30s , 40s and 50s , sometimes younger . NOWINSKI : The reality is , we do have cases of teenagers having the disease . We 're primary football players . Some play multi-sports , but they all had brain trauma . CARMEN RODA , PRESIDENT , WESTPORT POLICE ATHLETIC LEAGUE : Well , it 's brain damage . I mean , that 's what it comes down to . How can you want that for any child ? Does your head go up or down ? TEAM : Up ! RODA : Head goes up or down ? TEAM : Up ! RODA : Let 's go ! GUPTA : Carmen Roda coaches the Wreckers . It 's a team of fifth graders in Westport , Connecticut . Last year , he had a typical playbook . RODA : We do drills like bull in the ring , you know , one kid 's in the middle and you walk around and tap a kid , and then you just go at it , head-to-head , hammer to hammer . GUPTA : And during games ? RODA : The kid came out and he got a hard hit , what we used to call a stinger or a ding , you know . We would sit there and say , "  Hey , are you OK ? " And then send him back in if he answered yes . GUPTA : When his team clocked 20 concussions in one season , Coach Roda said enough . His new playbook starts with a concussion course for coaches , parents and players ; a trainer at games and practice . UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Do you have any nausea or dizziness ? UNIDENTIFIED MALE : No . GUPTA : And far less hitting in practice ; an emphasis on technique , not brute force . RODA : This is what we do n't want to see . OK ? The spine is lined up . The head is down . GUPTA : The impact ? The Wreckers cut the number of concussions in half and still made the playoffs . NOWINSKI : It did not hurt the kids ' ability to play the game . It just dramatically lowered their injury rate and their head trauma rate . And so , when you look at how simple those things were made in one season , in one program , you wonder why is n't everybody else doing this ? END VIDEO Facebook Promo AZUZ : Good info there . Now , you heard today 's show dedicated to some of our Facebook fans . If you love our show and you 're on Facebook , show us some like ! Head over to Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews and click the "  like " button . We 'd like that a lot . Before We Go AZUZ : We might have bitten off more than we can chew with today 's Before We Go story . But at least we 're in good company . All of these ingredients combine to make this ! The Stellanator ! Six hamburger patties ; 12 pieces of bacon ; six fried eggs ; all the usual fixin 's ; plus jalapenos and peanut butter ! If you have n't eaten lunch yet , you might not want to . This thing takes up the entire grill just to make a Stellanator . And more than 60 people have tried and failed to take it down . Goodbye AZUZ : But for the valiant effort , they deserve a patty on the back . After looking at the bun-dle of food , we want to know what you would include on your extreme burger . You can talk to us about your recipes at Facebook.com / CNNStudentNews . We 'll see you again tomorrow .	Explore the relationship between President Obama and U.S. business leaders Discover how Egypt 's political unrest is affecting the country 's economy Hear how one coach prepares his players in order to prevent concussions Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
CNN  -- A gay rights group is welcoming the likely appointment of the world 's first openly gay prime minister , Johanna Sigurdardottir of Iceland . Protesters in Reykjavik celebrate the prime minister 's resignation on Monday . Sigurdardottir , the country 's 66-year-old minister of social affairs and social security , is on track to succeed Prime Minister Geir Haarde , who resigned Monday following the collapse of the country 's main banks , currency and stock market . Negotiations are underway between Sigurardottir 's Social Democratic Alliance Party and potential coalition partners . If they succeed , she will become interim prime minister until Iceland next goes to the polls , which must happen by May . "  We really warmly welcome that , " said Gary Nunn , a spokesperson for Stonewall UK , a British gay-rights group . "  At a time when we 've just seen a black man elected to the highest office in America , it gives us hope that we will see an openly gay prime minister here some day . " "  It really does matter . It is helpful " to have an openly gay prime minister , Nunn said . "  We are trying to foster the ambition that young people can be anything they want to be . " Britain has only one openly lesbian member of Parliament , Angela Eagle of the Labour party , Nunn said . The United States currently has three openly gay members of Congress -- Democratic Reps. Tammy Baldwin of Wisconsin , Barney Frank of Massachusetts and Jared Polis of Colorado . Stonewall considers it a higher priority to have significant numbers of openly gay lawmakers than an openly gay prime minister . "  For a head of state of to be gay is great and really encouraging , but it 's really important for Parliament to represent the people it serves , " he said . Sigurdardottir has been a member of Iceland 's Parliament for 30 years , and is in her second stint as minister of social affairs . She started her career as a flight attendant for the airline that became IcelandAir . She was active in the flight attendants ' labor union during her 11 years with the airline , according to her official resume . Sigurdardottir briefly led her own political party , which merged with other center-left parties to form the Alliance party . She would become Iceland 's first female prime minister , although not the North Atlantic nation 's first female head of state -- Vigdis Finnbogadottir became its fourth president in 1980 . Sigurdardottir lists author and playwright Jonina Leosdottir , 54 , as her spouse on her ministry Web site . She has two children from an earlier marriage .	Johanna Sigurdardottir is on track to succeed Prime Minister Geir Haarde Haarde resigned after the collapse of Iceland 's main banks , currency Sigurdardottir is currently the minister of social affairs and social security Negotiations are underway between Sigurardottir 's party and potential partners
CNN  -- New Hampshire health officials say they 're monitoring eight patients for signs of a fatal brain disease after medical equipment was found to have been contaminated by proteins that cause the ailment . The equipment had been used to operate on a patient now suspected of having Creutzfeldt-Jakob Disease  CJD  , the state Department of Health and Human Services announced Wednesday . The now-deceased patient had undergone neurosurgery at Catholic Medical Center in Manchester , and normal sterilization practice does n't get rid of the proteins , known as prions , the health department said . "  Our concern is with the health and well-being of the eight patients who may have been exposed to CJD , " Dr. Joseph Pepe , the hospital 's CEO , said in a statement issued with the state agency Wednesday . "  We will work closely with these families to help them in any way possible , even though the risk of infection is extremely low . " An autopsy to confirm the illness -- which differs from variant CJD commonly known as "  mad cow disease " -- was being conducted at the National Prion Disease Pathology Surveillance Center , the hospital said . The only way to confirm the illness is with an autopsy . "  CMC has notified all of these patients about their potential risk , " the health department said . "  The general public and any other patients at CMC and their employees are not at any risk . " A similar incident occurred at Emory University Hospital in Atlanta in 2004 , leading to 98 brain and spinal surgery patients being monitored for possible exposure to CJD . The CDC says no cases of the disease have been linked to the use of contaminated medical equipment since 1976 . Most medical devices are sterilized by heat , but the World Health Organization recommends the use of a caustic chemical like sodium hydroxide to disinfect equipment that may have come in contact with tissues that could cause CJD . CJD strikes fewer than 400 people a year in the United States , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . Victims show signs of memory loss and cognitive difficulty early on ; the ailment is "  rapidly progressive and always fatal , " the CDC says . Florida boy dies from brain-eating parasite CNN 's Matt Smith , Miriam Falco and Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Contaminated surgical equipment leads to concerns for 8 patients The patients may have been exposed to proteins that cause Creutzfedt-Jakob disease But the risk of infection is "  very low , " hospital chief says CDC says no cases have been linked to surgical equipment since 1976
CNN  Authorities detained a 15-year-old girl from Cape Town , South Africa , at the city 's airport after receiving information she was leaving the country to join ISIS , State Security Minister David Mahlobo said . "  We are still conducting further investigation . The girl over the past period has been using technology on social media platforms interacting with strange people and reading material that suggested she expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called ISIS , " he told broadcaster eNCA . Police and airport security located the girl on a Johannesburg-bound flight , and "  we got our agencies to secure all the important exit points in the country . We got her at Cape Town International Airport , " Mahlobo said . Virginia teen accused of being ISIS recruiter It 's not clear how the girl was recruited or how the airfare was arranged , he said . Officials debriefed the girl 's family and released her into the family 's care , Mahlobo said . "  The recruitment and radicalization of particularly young people to take part in acts of terror is a growing global concern and local law enforcement agencies will continue to work hard in clamping these from materializing , " the minister said in a statement Monday . Australia teens suspected of trying to join ISIS stopped at airport	Official : Girl , 15 , "  expressed an interest in joining a terrorist group called ISIS " Authorities detain girl at Cape Town airport , release her into family 's care , he says
CNN Student News  -- January 7 , 2014 For much of the U.S. , the weather outside is frightful . In today 's edition of CNN Student News , find out why -- and what exactly a "  polar vortex " is . We also provide tips for warding off the flu , and we show you how spoken word is more than a verbal outlet for some teenagers . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What kinds of information and messages do you think news media should provide in times of severe weather ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects from today 's show : 1 . polar vortex 2 . H1N1 3 . vaccine Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Why is the latest frigid weather to hit the U.S. being called "  dangerous " ? How long is this weather expected to last ? 2 . What is H1N1 also known as ? How do humans catch this virus ? 3 . What winter event is currently underway in Harbin , China ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What tips would you include in a video titled "  How not to catch the flu " ? Can you think of others that are not included in today 's report ? 2 . What challenges might snow and ice present for people in wheelchairs ? What do you think of the innovation seen in the video ? Do you have any other ideas for winter weather accessibility for people who rely on wheelchairs ? Explain . 3 . Do you like poetry ? Have you ever used poetry to express yourself ? Do you use any other forms of art to express with your feelings ? Explain . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The United States ambassador to Afghanistan , William Wood , said Friday that changes in communications with Afghan military forces have been made in the aftermath of a disputed U.S. air raid on an Afghan village . Civilians are overcome with emotion outside a home destroyed by a U.S. airstrike in Afghanistan . And despite Afghanistan 's outrage over the loss of life , he said , the incident has not undermined the nations ' relationship . The Afghanistan government has said that as many as 90 civilians -- including many children -- were killed in the August 22 air attack on a village in the Shindand district of Western Afghanistan . The United States had said that only seven civilians died , along with dozens of insurgents . A number of investigations into the incident are under way , including a "  senior level " review by the United States . "  People who are reviewing our findings have been in Afghanistan for a while , and I do n't know when they will complete their review , " Wood said at the State Department late Friday . "  There is no American involved who does n't feel a personal sense of pain and regret any time any civilian casualty occurs , " he said . "  Speaking as an official of the American government , I can say there is no one who works harder than the United States does to minimize such casualties . "  I know as a matter of absolute certainty of operations that have been canceled precisely because there was a risk of civilian casualties , " he added . "  I think there is no question there has been what one Afghan official referred to as ` sort of a bumpy time ' over this issue in the last few weeks . I think that it has never threatened the underlying relationship of confidence between our two countries and between our peoples or between our military and the people of Afghanistan . "  That said , we are certainly committed to taking the steps necessary to ensure that such casualties are reduced to the absolute minimum and to working closely , even more closely , with the Afghan government to successfully carry out the military mission . " The ambassador said the United States has made changes in communication between the U.S. and Afghan forces . "  Steps are already not simply under way but have been taken to improve coordination , " he said . U.S. and Afghanistan officials have just completed a new round in what is called the United States-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership . A joint U.S.-Afghanistan statement released Thursday referred to the attack . "  The United States delegation expressed regret over the loss of any innocent civilian lives incurred during security operations , " the statement said . "  In response to concerns expressed by the government of Afghanistan , the United States is conducting a senior level review and assessment of the August 22 Shindand operation . In addition , both sides recognize the need for establishing a mutually agreed-upon framework and mechanism to minimize civilian casualties and to maintain the strong support of the Afghan people in fighting terrorism . "	U.S. ambassador says bombing led to "  bumpy time " Afghan government says August airstrike killed 90 civilians U.S. says attack killed seven civilians and many insurgents Incident has n't threatened nations ' relationship , ambassador says
CNN  -- Opposition demonstrators smashed out windows and doors of a government building in Kiev and were using fireworks to smoke out police , according to a journalist at the scene Saturday in the Ukrainian capital . Opposition leaders said the demonstrators targeted the Ukrainian House because police were launching attacks against them from there , according to the journalist , Victoria Butenko . The increase in action comes after verbal clashes between Ukraine 's president and opposition leader Vitaly Klitschko on Saturday . On Saturday , President Viktor Yanukovych offered government posts to Klitschko and another leader of an opposing party , the presidential website said . Klitschko then announced the rejection of those offers on a public stage , where he was joined by heads of other political parties . Klitschko leads the Ukrainian Democratic Alliance for Reforms party  UDAR  and plans to run for president in 2015 . Arseniy Yatsenyuk , who heads the Fatherland Party , would have become the prime minister and , under the president 's offer , would have been able to dismiss the current government , which has been one of the protesters ' demands . The president also offered the post of deputy prime minister on humanitarian issues to Klitschko , a champion boxer known as "  Dr. Ironfist . " The president also said he would agree to a working group to look at changes to the constitution , according to the president 's website . But Klitschko 's announcement rejected all parts of the offer , which came after a day of tension between police and hundreds of protesters who continued their vigil in Kiev 's Independence Square and surrounding streets . They have set up tent cities and put up barricades . Large plumes of black smoke billowed from the barricades as riot police watched and waited nearby . Protests against the government began in November when Yanukovych refused to sign a trade agreement with the European Union in favor of stronger economic ties with Russia . UDAR warned earlier Saturday that authorities are preparing to provoke peaceful protesters and may plant aggressors among the crowds in an effort to enact emergency rule . "  We call on all Ukrainian citizens not to succumb to provocations of authorities and continue the protest exclusively in a peaceful manner , " a party statement said . A group of protesters blocked the entrance to the Energy Ministry on Saturday , a move Energy Minister Eduard Stavytsky called a direct threat to the entire energy system . Some protesters entered the building and argued with Stavytsky . "  Your action is illegal , " Stavytsky told them . "  You have crossed the red line . You have entered a high security building . " The protesters left the building saying they did not intend to undermine the work of the ministry in any way . The European Union is getting involved in the crisis . Next week , EU foreign policy chief Catherine Ashton and a European Parliament delegation are scheduled to visit Ukraine . Ukraine 's richest oligarch , Rinat Akhmetov , issued a statement Saturday saying business can not keep silent when people are killed . "  A real danger of breakup of the country emerges when a political crisis can lead to a deep economic recession , and thus inevitably result in lower standards of living , " he said . Police say one officer was killed and another one stabbed in clashes with protesters . CNN 's Diana Magnay , Joseph Netto , Victoria Eastwood and journalist Victoria Butenko contributed to this story	NEW : Protesters launch fireworks into government building in Kiev early Sunday morning NEW : Opposition says police were using the building to launch attacks on them On Saturday the opposition leaders rejected Ukrainian president 's peace offer President Victor Yanukovych had offered government posts to opposition leaders , according to a government statement
CNN  -- Fire engulfed five luxury homes Monday morning at a subdivision north of Seattle in what could be a case of ecoterrorism , officials said . Firefighters attack blazes at luxury homes Monday in suburban Seattle , Washington . A sign with the letters "  ELF " was found at the scene of the fires in the "  Street of Dreams " development in Woodinville , Washington , said Chief Rick Eastman of Snohomish County Fire District No. 7 . Eastman did not say if the sign is believed to be from the Earth Liberation Front , which the FBI has called an ecoterrorist group . "  Built green ? Nope black ! " the sign reads , according to an image from CNN affiliate KING-TV in Seattle . The sign calls the homes "  McMansions . " Watch why ELF is so elusive " John Heller , president of Seattle Street of Dreams model luxury home development , said he had spoken to the fire chief and was told that the fires were suspicious . Watch fires burn luxury homes " "  My understanding is that it was an act of terror , " Heller said . The FBI said the fires are being investigated as an act of domestic terrorism . Heller said he was out of town on business and was rushing back to see what was left of the development . He said it was a new subdivision that featured luxury homes priced at $ 2 million . Video footage showed large grayish white plumes of smoke billowing in the air and firefighters trying to contain blazes in large homes in a heavily wooded area . Eastman said there had been no injuries and there were no suspects . He told KING-TV that police and agents of the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives were investigating . Seattle 's Street of Dreams is "  the most popular and highest attended single site luxury home and garden tour in the U.S. , " according to the event 's Web site . According to the FBI , the Earth Liberation Front claimed responsibility for burning five townhomes under construction on November 20 , 2005 , in Hagerstown , Maryland . Fire officials investigating the scene determined that kerosene was used as the accelerant in the arson , the FBI said . Last year , 10 people , including self-proclaimed members of the ELF and members of another organization called the Animal Liberation Front , were convicted for a string of arson fires that totaled more than $ 40 million in damage , according to an August statement by the U.S. Justice Department . At that time , the court case was called the "  largest ecoterrorism case in U.S. history , " according to the statement . Three others charged in the case are at large and considered international fugitives by the Justice Department . E-mail to a friend	NEW : FBI investigating as act of domestic terrorism Sign reading "  ELF " found at site of fires , fire chief says Earth Liberation Front called ecoterrorist group by FBI
Editor 's note : Ted Sorensen was special counsel and adviser to President John F. Kennedy . Ted Sorensen says the Kennedys are not American royalty , but have dedicated themselves to service . NEW YORK  CNN  -- With the death of John F. Kennedy 's brother , Senator Edward M Kennedy , and their sister , Eunice Shriver , the founder of the Special Olympics for the developmentally challenged , there has been a wealth of news stories -- obituaries and otherwise -- about the recurring tragedies endured by what some call America 's "  royal family . " All of these comments are well intended but off the mark . The Kennedys have been a remarkable family since its founding roughly a century ago by Joseph P. and Rose Fitzgerald Kennedy . But , its members have never asked for pity or privilege . Their history has emphasized more success than tragedy . Their love of family and country stood out during some of the most cynical and selfish periods in recent American history . Like any large family , particularly one which deservedly remained in the public eye for many decades , a large number of afflictions and setbacks , also in the public eye , was unavoidable . Nevertheless , the members of that family have never considered themselves "  royal " or entitled to special privileges . We have no royalty in America , but ever since the Adams family sent several generations to public service in the earliest days of our nationhood , other families have demonstrated similar interests and commitments to public service . The Kennedys were taught as children and genuinely believed that American citizenship was a special privilege and honor , in return for which every citizen had an obligation to serve and help the country . Even the youngest generation of Kennedys today acts not out of a sense of entitlement but a sense of commitment . From the beginning , those members of the family who held or sought public office had the courage to take public positions on controversial issues , not always approved by the leaders of their party , church or respective constituencies . Nevertheless , they stood up and spoke out for what they believed was right , regardless of political and personal consequences . In short , they have had a proud tradition of becoming -- not merely writing about -- profiles in courage . As the result of the elder Joseph P. Kennedy 's success in business , many of his descendants could have lived lives of luxury and ease . After all , they liked family fun , in the sun , on the water , sometimes competing with as well as teasing each other . Yet , they devoted and donated more of their valuable time than most families to the service of others , their country , their communities , and those who did not have their good fortune , good education and good opportunities to lead . President John F. Kennedy was their star , their pride , their model and their leader . But his siblings , Robert , Edward , Eunice , Pat and Jean all played their own special roles , making their own special contributions throughout their lives . This country has long been a wealthy country , with all its wealth of brilliant and devoted leaders and traditional ideals . But it would have been a much poorer country without the Kennedys . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ted Sorensen .	Ted Sorensen : People have focused on the tragedies endured by Kennedy family He says focus should be on how family has been dedicated to public service Sorensen : Their love of family and country stood out in a selfish era
Washington  CNN  -- Secretary of State Hillary Clinton warned Thursday that a "  new information curtain is descending across much of the world . " In a speech on Internet freedom and security , Clinton also urged China to investigate a wave of cyber attacks against Google and other companies . The Internet and other technologies are critical to foreign policy , and those who engage in cyber attacks should face international condemnation , she said . "  In an interconnected world , an attack on one nation 's networks can be an attack on all , " she said at The Newseum in Washington . Clinton made the comments as search-engine giant Google threatened to shut down its operations in China , five years after agreeing to allow some censorship in exchange for the right to work in that country 's massive emerging technology market . Google charges that Chinese hackers have targeted Google and up to 34 other companies . The Chinese government argues that the Google case is a business dispute and should not affect overall relations between the two countries . Clinton has said that Google 's allegations of censorship and online attacks by China raise "  very serious concerns , " and her agency has said it will file a formal protest over the company 's complaints . Also this month , foreign correspondents in at least two Chinese bureaus of news organizations had their Google e-mail accounts attacked , with e-mails forwarded to a mysterious address , according to the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China . Clinton warned that the latest information technology -- designed to open access to governments -- can also be used by some governments to "  crush dissent and deny human rights . " "  In the last year , we 've seen a spike in threats to the free flow of information . China , Tunisia and Uzbekistan have stepped up their censorship of the Internet , " she said . "  In Vietnam , access to popular social networking sites has suddenly disappeared . And last Friday in Egypt , 30 bloggers and activists were detained . " A member of that group , having since been freed , was in the audience , Clinton said . "  So while it is clear that the spread of these technologies is transforming our world , it is still unclear how that transformation will affect the human rights and welfare of much of the world 's population , " she said . "  The same networks that help organize movements for freedom also enable al Qaeda to spew hatred and incite violence against the innocent , " Clinton said . Some governments also have "  co-opted " the Internet to silence "  people of faith , " Clinton said . "  Last year in Saudi Arabia , a man spent months in prison for blogging about Christianity , " she said . Countries such as Vietnam and China have used similar tactics to "  restrict access to religious information . " The State Department will convene a high-level meeting next month of firms that provide network services for talks on Internet freedom , she said . Citizens and businesses must be able to rely on the security of information networks , Clinton said . "  Our ability to bank online , use electronic commerce and safeguard billions of dollars in intellectual property are all at stake if we can not rely on the security of information networks , " she said . Referring to social and economic development , Clinton said the Internet can serve as a "  great equalizer . " By providing people with access to knowledge and potential markets , networks can create opportunity where none exist . "  Over the last year , I 've seen this first hand in Kenya , where farmers have seen their income grow by as much as 30 percent since they started using mobile banking technology , " Clinton said . Information technology has been a great help in addressing the staggering problems in Haiti , she said , pointing to a young girl and two women who were pulled from the rubble after they sent a text message for help . The text message campaign to raise money for Haiti has raised more than $ 25 million for recovery efforts , Clinton said . Each texter was asked to donate $ 10 , and the State Department said Wednesday that it is believed to be the largest amount raised for the country through a mobile phone campaign . CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Hillary Clinton says a cyber attack on one nation is an attack on all Secretary of State said there 's been a spike of threats to Internet freedom Speech comes as Google considers leaving China because of censorship worries Freedoms should include access to Internet , freedom of speech and worship , she said
Dennis Rodman is apologizing . Again . Last week , he said he was sorry about his bizarre , drunken outburst on CNN about an American citizen held prisoner in North Korea . Now , Rodman says he 's sorry about what 's going on inside North Korea , a nation renowned for its human rights abuses . But the eccentric former NBA star known as "  The Worm " is n't contrite about his latest puzzling visit to the secretive state . He said he did nothing wrong by organizing a basketball game last week at a packed stadium in Pyongyang , an event at which he sang "  Happy Birthday " to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un . "  I 'm sorry for what 's going on in North Korea , the certain situations , " Rodman told CNN on Monday after arriving at Beijing International Airport from Pyongyang . He did n't say exactly what those "  situations " are . He may have been referring to the reports of horrific human rights abuses by his friend Kim 's regime , or to the estimated 200,000 people kept in political prison camps . Or maybe he was talking about Kenneth Bae , the U.S. citizen sentenced last year to 15 years of hard labor by North Korea on accusations that he planned to bring down the government through religious activities . He was certainly less boisterous than when he spoke to CNN 's Chris Cuomo last week . In that interview , he appeared to suggest that Bae may have done something to deserve his heavy sentence . After his on-air rant drew criticism from Bae 's family and others , Rodman apologized , saying he 'd been drinking and was under stress . In Beijing on Monday , returning from a week-long visit to North Korea , he struck a more humble tone . "  I 'm not God , I 'm not  an  ambassador , I 'm no one , " he said . "  I just want to show the world the fact that we can actually get along in sport . That is it ! " Rodman later flew back to the United States , landing at Newark , New Jersey , Monday evening . He left the airport there without talking to reporters . ' I love America ' Rodman has described Kim , whose once-powerful uncle was recently purged and executed , as a friend and a "  very good guy . " He said he was happy that by playing basketball with and in front of North Koreans -- an approach dubbed "  basketball diplomacy " -- he and the other former NBA players who accompanied him had tried to "  do something good for the world . " But Rodman said he was sad that "  everyone is trying to break this down , to push it on me . " "  I do n't know why , " he said . "  I have n't done anything wrong . Nothing wrong ! " Some observers have said Rodman 's "  basketball diplomacy " may have positive effects in North Korea by offering the people there a different view of the West , compared with its demonic portrayal in the country 's tightly controlled state media . But others , including human rights activists , say it 's an embarrassing media sideshow that distracts attention from the North Korean regime 's brutality . Rodman rejected suggestions that he had betrayed his country by befriending Kim , a dictator whose regime 's rhetoric describes the United States as a mortal enemy . "  I love America . I love my country . " he said . "  I 'd never damage my country . " Caught in the middle Retired NBA player Cliff Robinson , who went on the trip , said Monday on CNN 's "  New Day " that he was surprised by the backlash the trip generated back home and was unaware the game would coincide with Kim 's birthday . But he was apprehensive about criticizing Rodman . "  Dennis is a great guy . Dennis is going to be Dennis , " he said . "  I do n't want to sit here and ever put someone that I 've supported and throw them under the bus . We 're grown men . " Robinson said he and the other players "  could have probably done a little more homework as to what was going on , or ask Dennis questions . " Another member of Rodman 's team , Kenny Anderson , agreed . "  I did n't do my due diligence , " Anderson told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live , " saying he did n't know anything about the political situation in North Korea . Anderson , a star player for the New Jersey Nets in the 1990s , said he now felt "  very bad " about the North Korea trip . He said his children got "  approached " at school about his participation in the visit . The money question Last week , NBA Commissioner David Stern said the former NBA players were "  blinded by the payday , " but the players have been adamant that North Korea did not pay them . "  Absolutely not . I think I am astute enough to understand the dynamics , especially collecting monetary dollars from North Korea . No , we did not get paid from North Korea at all , " Rodman teammate Charles Smith told CNN in a lengthy exclusive interview on "  New Day Sunday . " Smith , who retired from the NBA in 1997 after nine seasons , said an Irish online betting company and a documentary film crew paid expenses for the ex-players turned hoops ambassadors . Last month , the Irish company Paddy Power said it had removed its name from Rodman 's project after the execution of Kim 's uncle and top aide , Jang Song Thaek . But it said it would honor its "  contractual commitments " to the team . Anderson said different players were paid different amounts for their participation . He said he received "  a few thousand dollars " but less than $ 10,000 . Pressed by Morgan , he said he would give "  a portion " of his fee to charity . But he refused to commit to give it all away . Rodman under pressure Speaking by satellite from Beijing at the weekend , Smith said it was n't about the money . He saw it as an opportunity to go to a reclusive country and exchange cultural information with other athletes and citizens . But he did n't see it as a birthday present for Kim . "  That 's the date that was set . I did n't know it was his birthday , " he said in the half-hour interview . "  And it did n't matter to me once I found out that it was his birthday . " Smith said he felt for Rodman , who asked for his help organizing the trip and who really seemed to want to pull off a big event . "  I saw the pressure mount . I saw him change , and it was very difficult keeping him and everyone together " once the controversy over traveling to North Korea began , he said . Smith said that advocating for Bae 's release was n't on their agenda . "  We did n't go there for that . We went there to do what we normally do , and that 's to be cross-cultural ambassadors and use the game of basketball as a bridge for exchange , " he said .	Ex-NBA player Kenny Anderson say he got "  a few thousand dollars " for the trip "  We could have probably done a little more homework , " teammate Cliff Robinson says "  I 'm sorry for what 's going on in North Korea , " Rodman tells CNN He stirred controversy last week by singing "  Happy Birthday " to North Korean leader Kim Jong Un
CNN  -- World No. 2 Adam Scott continued his standout 2013 season by carding a record-breaking final round to win the PGA Grand Slam of Golf in Bermuda . The Australian finished two shots ahead of U.S. Open champion Justin Rose at the tournament which pits the year 's four major winners against each other over two rounds . Masters champion Scott shot a course record seven-under par closing round of 64 to clinch victory , with an eagle at the par five 17th hole enough to see him edge out world No. 5 Rose . "  It 's been fun , but a trying couple of days here really , especially today , " Scott told the PGA 's website . "  It felt like a long round out there , and standing on the 11th tee , it did n't look like a score like that was going to be possible , but I played very well and managed to slowly claw away at Justin . " PGA Championship winner Jason Dufner finished on three-under at the end of a rain-affected day two , six strokes ahead of defending champion Padraig Harrington on three over . "  A little bit of a slow start today to go with a poor finish yesterday kind of put me behind it , " explained Dufner . "  When the sun came out and the rain went away , I played a little bit better . But , I just did n't get a good start , and trying to catch a guy when you 're making bogeys , and they are grinding it out , is difficult . " Irishman Harrington took the place of British Open winner Phil Mickelson , who withdrew from the event due to a scheduling conflict . Meanwhile the PGA of America is reportedly considering staging the PGA Championship , the year 's fourth and final major , outside of the U.S. . A commission is said to be investing the effects of staging the tournament , which was held at Oak Hill Country Club in New York this year , on foreign soil . "  We need to push ourselves to think outside the box , " the organization 's chief executive officer Pete Bevacqua was quoted as saying by Golf Digest magazine . "  What I have said internally is , ` Shame on us if we do n't consider it and go through the exercise . ' " The 2019 tournament was recently awarded to the Bethpage Black golf course , meaning the earliest the tournament could be staged outside of America would be 2020 .	Adam Scott wins the PGA Grand Slam of Golf The tournament pits the year 's four major winners against each other World No. 2 Scott beat of competition from U.S. Open champion Justin Rose Golf Digest reports the PGA of America considering a foreign PGA Championship
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Two men were arrested in southern Pakistan this week on suspicion of trying to smuggle a batch of heroin disguised as onions out of the country , authorities said . Officials seized 125 kilograms  276 pounds  of heroin Wednesday during the incident in Karachi , said Meraj Mohammad Channa , a customs official . The suspects made the drugs look like onions by using paint and plastic and then stashed them in bags of real onions , Channa said . The drugs and vegetables were set to be shipped to Malaysia until customs officials inspected the shipment . Two men were arrested and authorities were looking for one more suspect , Channa said .	Customs officials seize 125 kilograms of heroin in Karachi The suspects are accused of making the drugs look like onions
CNN  -- Fred Couples led a crowded field after the opening round of the Masters , but all eyes were on Tiger Woods , who trailed by just two strokes . Woods finished Thursday 4-under par , his best opening round score at the Masters , according to the Press Association . The 50-year-old Couples sat atop a crowded and veteran field ; 11 players were within two strokes of each other at the top , including 60-year-old Tom Watson , who was just a stroke behind Couples . But almost all attention was cast on world No. 1 Woods , who returned to the game after taking a break last November , when revelations of extramarital affairs were made public . He spent 45 days at a rehabilitation center for what the golfer called "  personal " issues before announcing he was ending his self-enforced exile from the game ahead of the year 's opening major tournament . Woods was welcomed on to the first tee by a crowd of thousands and was greeted with cheers , and a few jeers , as his name was announced . He showed few signs of nerves as he thumped his drive 300 yards down the middle of the fairway to signal his return to golf . Woods made a solid start , making par on the first two holes , before a birdie at the third . He dropped a shot at seven before an eagle on eight moved him to -2 . He shot a 33 on the front nine and a 35 on the back nine , according to the Masters Web site . How did he assess his return ? "  It meant I 'm two shots off the lead , " Woods said in reports from the Press Association . "  I 'm here to play golf . " Joining Watson one shot off the lead on Thursday was Phil Mickelson , Lee Westwood , KJ Choi and YE Yang . Joining Woods at 4-under was Anthony Kim , Ian Poulter , Nick Watney and Rickey Barnes .	Tiger Woods two strokes off lead after first round at Masters Fred Couples leads a pack of 11 players within two strokes of each other Woods was returning to sport after taking break that began last November
Des Moines , Iowa  CNN  -- You ever wonder how families are selected to host President Obama 's personal visits ? It might all come down to your backyard . Sandy and Jeff Clubb , a university athletic director and a local private school teacher , were chosen to host the president in Des Moines , Iowa , as part of the White House 's series of informal discussions on the economy leading up to the midterm elections . I met the Clubbs in their driveway at 4:30 a.m. Wednesday . It was still dark outside . I was among a small group of reporters in the first wave to arrive before the president 's entourage . Sandy Clubb was excited to see her assistant from the university arrive with pastries in hand for her special guests . I asked Sandy how all this had come about . She said a week ago , they had been informed that they were being considered as "  one of eight families the White House was looking at to possibly host the president 's visit to Des Moines . " At 5:15 Thursday evening , White House advance staffer Mike Ruemmler called to say the Clubbs had been chosen . Sandy Clubb said 45 minutes later , about a dozen local and White House officials arrived at their home , including the Secret Service , to brief their family and scout out the backyard . "  It 's like winning the lottery , " Jeff Clubb said , "  but without even buying a ticket . " The couple say they are baffled about how they even made the list to be considered . They are both registered Democrats who voted for Obama , but neither of them campaigned or raised money for the candidate . Jeff Clubb , a former Arizona resident , says he voted for John McCain for senator when he lived there . The White House often looks for people who have a good life story and have benefited from the administration 's policies . The Clubbs fit the bill , as middle-class parents of two young children , Tristan 11 , and Skyelar 9 . Jeff is a former firefighter who now teaches social studies and religion at Holy Trinity Catholic School . Sandy is the athletic director at Drake University . Jeff says he was told the White House wanted to hold the event in Beaverdale , a sprawling suburb of Des Moines , because of its beautiful big oak trees , which Obama admired during the event . "  This is a lovely neighborhood . I love these big trees , " the president said . Sandy Clubb said she was told , "  It all came down to your backyard . " Indeed the Clubbs do have a beautiful acre full of oaks , elms , maples , evergreens and pines . After their home was selected , the Clubbs frantically prepared for the president . Jeff moved an old car he was working on out of the garage to make room for the White House press corps to set up shop . The morning of the event , Sandy was looking for a place to hide Mouse , their cat . She settled on her daughter 's bedroom . "  I did n't want it running through the president 's legs " Sandy said . Their other feline , Oreo , had been boarded earlier in the week . The Clubbs set out bananas , apples , coffee and orange juice for their guests . They say they 're not getting paid for anything . Jeff said one of the biggest challenges was finding and filling the 85 seats needed for the event . He said he was told the family could invite "  anyone they wanted ; neighbors , friends , of any political affiliation . " Jeff 's parents and sister were already planning to come into town Friday for their family reunion , so they decided to move their arrival up three days so they could meet the president . Jeff and Sandy then invited their neighbors on the condition they bring their own chairs . All week , the Clubbs had accepted a variety of lawn chairs , which made up the motley assortment of wood , iron and plastic furniture sprawled over the backyard . Jeff says one of his neighbors , who 's a Republican , brought over his own chair . "  He 's not coming to the event , but he said , ` This is the president of the United States -- of course I want my chair there . I want to be represented . ' "	Sandy and Jeff Clubb hosted Obama 's economic event in their backyard Wednesday Clubbs say they are baffled about how they even got on the list to be considered "  It 's like winning the lottery , " Jeff says , "  but without even buying a ticket " Sandy Clubb said she was told , "  It all came down to your backyard "
CNN  -- Two days after a massive fertilizer plant explosion leveled parts of a central Texas town , killing 14 people and displacing many more , residents moved into recovery mode Friday after investigators announced they had nearly finished search and rescue efforts . The fiery explosion ripped through the heart of West , a close-knit town about 75 miles south of Dallas and about 20 miles north of Waco . Before Wednesday , West was known as the home of Scott Podsednik of the Boston Red Sox and as the "  Czech heritage capital of Texas , " boasting the best kolache in the state . "  It 's going to be a long recovery for this community , " Gov. Rick Perry said . The death toll included the city secretary , who was also a member of the volunteer fire department , said Mayor Tommy Muska . The victim was the only person with the password to the city 's Facebook account , Muska said , preventing others from posting updates about the incident . In total , five West firefighters died battling the blaze , along with one Dallas firefighter and four emergency responders , the State Firemen 's and Fire Marshals ' Association of Texas said Thursday . "  It 's devastating . I 've been a member of the firefighters for 26 years , " Muska said . "  These guys are my friends . " The explosion tore through the roof of West Fertilizer Co. , charring much of the structure and sending massive flames into the air . Muska rushed to the scene to assist in crowd control about 1.5 blocks from the plant . The explosion , which registered as a 2.1-magnitude earthquake , blew his hat off , he said . It also destroyed his home , he said , making him one of many in the small town of 2,800 to be displaced in the blast 's aftermath . Many , including him , are staying in hotels or with friends , he said . The destruction made it hard to account for exactly how many people had been displaced , McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said Friday . He estimated that 99 % of people originally thought to be missing had been accounted for . Felton and Muska joined Perry in thanking volunteers from across the state who came to assist in cleanup . They also expressed gratitude for donations of food and clothes , but said they were running out of places to store them and asked that people instead donate money through the Red Cross and Salvation Army . "  We 've hit the saturation point on receiving stuff , clothes , food , those kind of things , and we 're running out of places to put it , " Felton said . It 's still unclear what caused the blast , which Brad Smith felt in his home 50 miles away . "  We did n't know exactly what it was , " Smith said . "  The forecast said a line of thunderstorms was going to come through . My wife and I looked up and wondered , ` Did it get here six hours early ? ' " Local authorities are still working with federal officials , including the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , to determine the cause of the deadly explosion , Perry said . It 's unclear whether the plant had safety problems . In 2006 , the Environmental Protection Agency fined the company that ran the fertilizer plant $ 2,300 and told the owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time . Seven years ago , the company had a complaint against it for a lingering smell of ammonia , the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality website shows . The blast came as the nation remained on edge after the Boston Marathon bombing on Monday that killed three and left about 180 injured . It happened two days before Friday 's 20th anniversary of a fire in Waco that ended a federal agents ' siege against members of the Branch Davidian sect . More than 80 sect members and some federal agents died . What 's clear , though , is the blast stunned residents of this town and left behind a trail of charred devastation . Perry surveyed the scene from a helicopter and on the ground . "  We are blessed we did n't lose more people than we actually did , " he said . CNN 's Elizabeth Landau , Greg Botelho , Josh Levs and Lateef Mungin contributed to this report .	Two more fatalities have been identified , bringing number of dead to 14 Firefighters and emergency responders are among those dead Small town of West -- population 2,800 -- grapples with loss
CNN  -- Perched on the River Rhine with Germany and France bordering it on either side , the Swiss city of Basel stands at a crossroads between the three countries . Basel sits on the Rhine at the crossroads of three European countries . In the past its location on the Rhine made it an important city , it is home to the oldest university in Switzerland and Europe 's oldest government-rated five star hotel , the Hotel Drei Kronige . A stroll around Basel 's beautifully preserved Old Town taking in the Munster , its red sandstone gothic cathedral , will give the visitor a sense of the city 's historical significance . To delve even further into the area 's past though , you need to go 12 miles east of Basel to the 2,000 year-old Roman settlement of Augusta Raurica , located on the south bank of the Rhine . The oldest Roman colony on the Rhine , the site contains a well-preserved theater as well as the remains of a forum , amphitheater and aqueduct . At an open-air museum visitors can see a reconstruction of a Roman house and recreations of daily life from the period . If after this you 've had your fill of delving through dusty artefacts , it might be time to shake off the cobwebs with an adrenalin-charged toboggan ride . At 1.8 miles long , Hasenhorn  located around 25 miles east of Basel  is the longest toboggan run in Germany and open all year round . After taking a chair lift up the mountain , buckle in for a heart-in-the-mouth ride of steep curves and white-knuckle loops . For a more sedate leisure experience , you can head back to the city for a late afternoon art fix at the Kunstmuseum , on St Alban-Graben 16 . Open daily from 10am -- 5pm , the museum has an impressive collection of works by Holbein , Picasso and Chagall inside . In the courtyard you 'll find sculptures , the centerpiece of which is Rodin 's famous "  Burghers of Calais . " As night falls it 's time to enjoy some food and drink in the convivial surroundings of the Fischerstube Microbrewery , Rheingasse 45 , where the heady menu features beer on every course , including a beer-soaked dessert .	Basel was a major town in the middle ages , a legacy of this is the pretty Old Town A highlight of a stroll round the city is a trip to the Munster and Kunstmuseum Outside of town is the 2,000 year-old Roman settlement of Augusta Raurica The Hasenhorn toboggan run 25 miles east of Basel is also worth a trip
CNN  -- "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning "  38 Studios , Big Huge Games  blends the best of role-playing and fighting game mechanics , then uses them to back up a deep , rich story , resulting in a fresh-feeling entry into the world of fantasy gaming . The game , released last week , boasts quite a bit of star power with New York Times best-selling author R. A. Salvatore building the story ; comics superstar and "  Spawn " creator Todd McFarlane directing the art and action ; and role-playing game-design legend Ken Rolston putting it all together . Brought together by Curt Schilling , former baseball star and founder of 38 Studios , the team set out to meet high expectations for a title that was inevitably going to be compared to blockbusters like "  Skyrim " and "  Dragon Age . " The role-playing elements are open , allowing players to pick and choose from different destinies  might , finesse , sorcery  and refine their characters with specific skills and abilities . Victories in combat and other skill challenges help hone particular skills , while other abilities  for instance , the always-handy teleportation skill  become part of your character 's repertoire as he or she grows stronger . Players can mix and match talents , but to really obtain the mightiest powers , they should focus on one "  destiny " area . Sure , it might limit some things you want to do right out of the gate , but super-sizing your skills in one particular area will eventually let you make up for those early deficiencies . Read about the vision behind the video game And if you change your mind and really want to find out what the other destinies are like , there 's a nonplayer character called a Fateweaver who will allow you to redistribute all your ability points and skills . That way , players can play as a mage for part of the game , redistribute to play a powerful fighter , and then switch back again if they so choose . There is a cost associated with each new "  fate-weaving , " but it is a fun dynamic to have this much flexibility in character creation . Pro tip : Max out the "  Detect Hidden " skill , and it will reveal nearly everything on your map . Otherwise , a majority of the items  enemies , chests , lorestones , etc.  ca n't be found unless you just stumble across them . A massive 170-plus quests  and I know I still have n't found them all  drive the far-reaching story line . Some are simple  gather items and return  , while others are more intricate and linked together . The main quest drives the story , but you 'll want to explore the faction quests , side quests and tasks to gain as much experience and power as you can before the final showdown . Salvatore envisioned and wrote 10,000 years ' worth of history for Amalur , the equivalent of 10 novels of information . Each book , item and location in the game is full of history and legend and , united , make the story feel alive . So-called "  lore stones " are placed throughout the lands , offering everything from bits and pieces of that rich history to simple gossip about love triangles in a nearby town . As in nearly all RPG games , you are encouraged to interact with other people you meet . Interestingly , Salvatore did not write any of the nearly 50,000 lines of dialogue present in the game . A radial response system offers conversation choices , but some of those choices can be rather frustrating . There is no way to get a good feel for the person you are chatting with and determine if your response is going to result in something positive or offensive to them . I backtracked a couple of times when I thought my response was going to be helpful , but did not give me the result I expected . There is crafting of potions and forging of weapons and armor by collecting pieces of other weapons . But unless that is something you really enjoy , there are enough potions and weapons to be found from dead opponents and sealed chests that you do n't have to do it if you do n't want to . The game changer for this RPG title is the combat . In an effort to stand out and be different from similar games , developers searched for a way to create a dynamic fighting system that did n't detract from the feel of role playing . Players get two weapons , a primary and a secondary , and a single button on the controller activates each one . There are so many different types to choose , from very fast daggers to very slow hammers . Ranged weapons include staffs , bows and chakrams  whirling discs that return to the throwers ' hand after each attack  . Different combat techniques are used , depending on how you tap the button and your character 's position relative to your opponent . It makes combat simple , while still providing nice effects . Melee not your cup of tea ? Magic can be easily accessed with the press of a couple of buttons . As with weapons , how you tap or hold down the buttons affects how your spells work -- for example , tossing a ball of lightning with a tap while electrifying the ground by holding down the same button . Having easy access to weapons and magic makes battles fun and fast-paced . There 's no waiting to access different inventory screens to get the right sword or finding the right drop-down to cast the spell needed . Players can shoot an arrow , toss a fireball , roll into melee range and slash with a broadsword all in four button pushes . It is a combat mechanic more commonly found in fighting games , but it goes very well here without detracting from the role-playing game feel . There are a few weaknesses in "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning . " For example , all of the interior rooms start feeling the same after a while , and there are n't enough decisions to be made in conversation that actually make a difference . But there 's nothing here to truly detract from the superb role-playing and fighting action . It is a deep and rich experience in a world that has a wonderful back story and vibrant environments . The familiar role-playing elements are all there , along with a flexible and powerful combat system that ramps up the enjoyment factor . Whether you plunge right into the main quest and ignore all others or decide to investigate every book and runestone throughout the land , "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning " is ready for the challenge . Are you ? "  Kingdoms of Amalur : Reckoning " is available in North America and Europe . It is for the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , and Windows PC , and is rated M for Mature because of blood and gore , intense violence and suggestive themes . This review was done using an advance copy for the PlayStation 3 .	Players are able to pick and refine their characters with specific skills and abilities At least 170 quests drive the immense story line R.A. Salvatore envisioned and wrote 10,000 years ' worth of history for Amalur
CNN  -- Federal officials have cleared singer Justin Bieber and his fellow air passengers after an investigation into whether they interfered with a flight crew in January . The Federal Aviation Administration released a statement Friday saying it has closed its investigation after it "  found no evidence that the passengers violated Federal Aviation regulations . " CNN reported earlier that according to a law enforcement sources , Bieber and his father were "  extremely abusive verbally " to a flight attendant during a flight on a chartered Gulfstream IV aircraft from Ontario , Canada , to Teterboro Airport in New Jersey in advance of the Super Bowl . Justin Bieber and his father refused a pilot 's repeated warnings to stop smoking pot on the flight , according to a report by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , which was read to CNN . Under FAA regulations , "  No person may assault , threaten , intimidate , or interfere with a crew member in the performance of the crew member 's duties aboard an aircraft . "	Singer and his father were accused of being abusive to flight attendant They also were accused of refusing pilot 's warning to stop smoking pot FAA says it "  found no evidence that the passengers violated " regulations
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- All 50 states plus Puerto Rico and Washington , D.C. , submitted applications to the Department of Transportation for grants to fund DOT projects , but -- in a sign of tough economic times coupled with a shortage of federal dollars -- not everyone is finding presents under the federal Christmas tree this year . U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood announced Thursday that 46 transportation projects in 33 states and Puerto Rico will receive $ 511 million in the latest round of Transportation Investments Generating Economic Recovery  TIGER  grants . See the list of projects  PDF The Transportation Department had received a total of 848 applications requesting $ 14.3 billion , exceeding the $ 511 million available under the TIGER program . The grants will fund a range of transportation work in urban and rural areas from light rail systems and ports to bridges , roadways , runways , pipelines , streetcars and bike-share projects . Among the biggest grants : $ 20 million for Chicago to complete 3.6 miles of track on the city 's transit authority 's Blue Line , serving millions of passengers , as well as expanding a bike-share program . The Missouri Department of Transportation also received $ 20 million for roadway improvements along the I-270 corridor in St. Louis . Three grants were directed to tribal governments to create jobs and provide transportation needs . A grant of $ 3.7 million was given to the Seminole Tribe of Florida to improve several miles of road on the Big Cypress Reservation . The existing road has two 10-foot lanes with worn , unpaved shoulders and substandard sidewalks , according to DOT . Officials say the improvements will enhance emergency hurricane evacuation routes and enhance access to commercial and tourist destinations . The smallest grant went to the Native Village of St. Michael , Alaska , which received a $ 1 million grant to resurface and re-contour roads to provide better access to schools and improve drainage issues that arise from seasonal flooding . Obama orders contracts be awarded by year 's end LaHood , who was in Cincinnati , Ohio , Thursday to highlight a streetcar project , told reporters the allocation of funds is coming months ahead of schedule to allow communities to move forward with critical , job-creating infrastructure projects . "  Our economic challenges have been decades in the making and wo n't be solved overnight , " said LaHood . The city of Cincinnati was awarded a nearly $ 11 million grant to design and construct the Streetcar Riverfront Loop that the transportation department says "  has the potential to revitalize " the city 's urban core by providing a public transit alternative . Work has already begun on 33 planning projects while 58 capital projects are under way from the previous two rounds of grants . LaHood said an additional 13 projects are expected to break ground within the next six months . Of the $ 511 million in available funds , more than $ 150 million will go to projects in rural areas . Almost half of the funding will go to road and bridge projects . An additional $ 16 million will be used to pay for administrative costs to make sure the program is properly administered "  by the book , " said LaHood . DOT says grants are awarded to transportation projects that have a significant national or regional impact . the department gives priority to work expected to create jobs and stimulate economic growth .	Projects range from roadways to light rail systems to bike-share programs Applications came from all 50 states plus Puerto Rico and Washington , D.C. A total of 848 applications sought $ 14.3 billion The $ 511 million available will go for 46 projects in 33 states and Puerto Rico
Sen. Rand Paul announced his bid for a second term in the Senate on Tuesday , launching what will likely be a complicated election season as he attempts to keep his seat and run for an expected presidential campaign . In a low-key campaign rollout , the Kentucky Republican declined to hold a traditional kick-off event , making the announcement instead in a lengthy press release that listed his local and national policy efforts . CNN Poll : Romney , Clinton top 2016 field In fact , Paul was n't even in Kentucky on Tuesday . He stayed in Washington for votes and to speak at a Wall Street Journal event . "  What he just decided was he did n't need a big rally and a lot of fan fare , " Doug Stafford , Paul 's senior adviser , said on a call with reporters . "  He wanted what he has done to speak for itself . " The problem for Paul is that Kentucky only allows candidates to appear on the ballot once during an election . If he runs for president -- a decision he said Monday is "  four to six months " away -- that would pose a challenge come May 17 , 2016 , Kentucky 's primary day . And if he wins the GOP nomination for both offices , the dilemma could come up again six months later on Election Day . Paul has a number of options to get around the law , but his team is n't saying -- at least publicly -- how they 're prioritizing the different paths they could take . "  I do n't think we 've abandoned any option , nor have we settled on any option , " Stafford said . ` Just to help Rand ' Paul 's allies in the Republican-controlled state Senate tried to change the law through the legislature last year , but the measure stalled in the Democratic-led Kentucky House . House Speaker Greg Stumbo , a Democrat who played an instrumental role in preventing the bill from advancing , said it would have violated a clause in Kentucky 's Constitution that prohibits special legislation that would only affect one person or a small group of people . "  Where I come from , people think if you ca n't make up your mind on which office you want to run for , then you ai n't fit to serve in either one , " Stumbo said in an interview . How to run for president from the Senate U.S. Rep. John Yarmuth , a Democrat who represents the Louisville area , said he does n't think running for two offices will hurt Paul 's chances with Kentucky voters . "  If you like him , you 'll vote for him . If you do n't like him , you wo n't vote for him , " he said . "  In all fairness , I doubt if it will cost him any votes , just like it did n't seem to cost Paul Ryan any votes . " Ryan , a Wisconsin Republican , as well as Vice President Joe Biden , both ran for their seats in Congress when they appeared as running mates on the 2012 and 2008 presidential ballots , respectively . Rand Paul dives back into Ferguson debate The backlash , Yarmuth said , would come if Republicans were able to push through a law "  just to help Rand . " But that seems highly unlikely . Because Democrats were able to maintain control of the Kentucky House in the midterms , it looks like the law will stay in place . Going to court Paul recently labeled the dilemma a "  fairness issue , " pointing to other states where such a law does n't exist . "  Should people who live in Minnesota get the chance to vote for one of their favorite sons or daughters twice , and people in Kentucky not ? " he said in an interview with the liberal-leaning news outlet Salon . "  I think eligibility for office has to be uniform across the states . " The U.S. Constitution requires only three qualifications for the Senate : The person must be at least 30 , a citizen for at least nine years and an inhabitant of the state where he or she wants to be elected . In Paul 's view , a law requiring him to appear on the ballot only once would be considered an additional qualification . "  The Constitution set the requirements for eligibility for office that states ca n't modify for federal office ; they can modify for state office , but I think that 's actually a case that could be won , " he said . Rand Paul urges Congress to declare war on ISIS A court challenge would be one of his options . Paul referenced a case known as Thornton vs. Term Limits in which the Supreme Court ruled that states do n't have a right to add qualifications to federal offices . But Josh Douglas , a law professor at the University of Kentucky College of Law , said a legal challenge may be an uphill battle . "  It 's not a slam dunk either way . I think the constitutional arguments are very difficult for him , " he said , adding that state legislatures have wide leeway in deciding how to elect presidential candidates . The Supreme Court , he continued , has ruled in the past that there 's no fundamental right to be a candidate . "  I do n't think this law adds a qualification on him , " Douglas said . Changing up the system Another dual campaign possibility would be if the Kentucky Republican Party changes its presidential primary to a caucus or convention system . In that scenario , Paul 's name would n't be on the ballot . "  That would overcome , really , I think , the problem there , " Paul told Salon . Rand Paul : Obama declaring ` constitutional war ' Stafford confirmed Tuesday that Paul 's political team has been talking to the Kentucky GOP about changing the system , but he stressed that those discussions were already ongoing within the party and were not started by Paul . An earlier nominating contest in Kentucky would also bring more national attention to the state during a highly-anticipated election year . The state 's GOP did not respond to a request for comment about the possibility . Doug Wead , an adviser to Paul and a former adviser to Paul 's father , ex-Rep . Ron Paul , argued that it 's a bold move for the state party to contemplate the idea . "  You either have to be a very popular person with the electorate , or you have to be a very powerful person with a lot of IOUs and a reputation for being tough to get away with it , " Wead said . If Paul wins the GOP nomination , however , he 'd still face the same problem in the November general election -- when everything would be on the ballot . In that case , he would need to drop his senatorial bid . A third possibility would be for Paul to simply not appear on the Kentucky primary ballot as a presidential candidate . He has to decide by late January 2016 whether he 'll file to be a candidate in the state 's presidential primary . That deadline comes before the Iowa caucuses -- the first-in-the-nation nominating contest -- but a nearly a year after Paul will have already been campaigning . By that time , he 'd have a better sense of where he stands in the GOP field . Yarmuth said he thinks that 's probably Paul 's best option . "  Just give up the Kentucky delegates and run for president in 49 states , " he said . And based on previous primary calendars , the presumptive GOP nominee is usually decided long before May , so there 's a chance Kentucky would not even be in play for Republican candidates .	Sen. Rand Paul announced he 's running for re-election to the Senate He 's also expected to run for president at the same time in 2016 But a Kentucky law prevents him from being on the ballot twice He has a few other options to get around the law
CNET  -- More than 2 million Americans lost their jobs last year , the stock market fell by almost 45 percent from its peak , and comparisons with the Great Depression are becoming disturbingly commonplace . You 'll find lots of places online to watch president-elect Barack Obama 's inauguration on Tuesday . But that is n't stopping Washington from throwing a $ 160 million party , the most lavish ever , for Barack Obama 's presidential inauguration on Tuesday . Technology companies are joining the festivities by hosting a number of inaugural parties , and a collection of news and other Web sites are aiming to let anyone who ca n't be in the nation 's capital -- or who does n't want to brave probably-freezing temperatures -- follow along online . Here 's a partial list : • The Joint Congressional Committee on Inaugural Ceremonies , which is in charge of all the inaugural activities at the Capitol , will stream the entire event at its Web site , complete with closed captioning . The site has a wealth of information about what happens on Inauguration Day , including a handful of inaugural videos dating back to President Dwight Eisenhower 's 1957 swearing-in ceremony , as well as videos of presidential luncheons dating back to the inauguration of John Kennedy .  It also reveals , for those interested , the recipe for Obama 's luncheon meal , which features a main course of pheasant and duck served with sour cherry chutney . • Our sister site CBS News will have day-long live coverage January 20 on TV and the Web , starting at 7 a.m. EDT . Katie Couric will also host a special Webcast that night with reporters and punditry , for which viewers can submit questions . • CBS streaming coverage will also be Webcast on Joost 's Everything Obama page , which also features interviews , campaign highlights , and satire clips . • MSNBC will be live streaming the event on its home page and politics section , and visitors can embed the video into their own sites . Its inauguration page also features videos of inaugurations from decades past . • Fox News will provide live streaming coverage via Hulu beginning at noon for about two hours . After the live stream , Hulu will provide on-demand access to the ceremony . The live stream is embeddable , as is an inauguration countdown from Hulu . The video site 's Obama Presidency page also features related content like speeches , commentary , satire , and past inaugural speeches . • C-SPAN will debut its Inauguration Hub on January 20 , featuring an online "  control room " -- a multichannel grid designed by Mogulus with Webcasts of inauguration activities . Visitors will be able to choose from one of four live feeds featuring events like the swearing in at the Capitol , the parade , and a number of inaugural balls . • CNN is partnering with Facebook to provide live streaming of the swearing in and Obama 's speech . Viewers can "  RSVP " for the event on Facebook , and as they watch , they will be able to provide status updates with their thoughts on the events . A Facebook window on the CNN.com Live channel will show viewers their friends ' relevant status updates . • Current TV and Twitter are teaming up , as they did during the election , to add real-time tweets to Current 's broadcast and Webcast of the swearing in , which starts at 11:30 a.m. EDT and will be replayed throughout the day . • The New York Times , the AP 's online video network , and the Online NewsHour will also live stream inauguration coverage . Once Obama is sworn in , he 'll be party hopping through Washington that night . The Presidential Inauguration Committee has promised to Webcast some of the official inaugural balls -- though there are plenty of unofficial parties , including some hosted by tech companies . The Recording Industry Association of America is hosting a charity ball featuring the recording artist Rihanna and the actors David Arquette and Courteney Cox . The ball benefits the nonprofit Feeding America and is co-sponsored by Yahoo , Comcast , Oracle , AT&T , SoundExchange , Time Warner , News Corp. , and a number of other companies . Google is partnering with the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights to host "  a break from traditional inaugural balls . " Guests are encouraged to make donations -- which Google will match -- to organizations including the LCCR Education Fund , One Economy , the Sunlight Foundation , D.C. Central Kitchen , and Green For All . The Huffington Post , the news aggregation and commentary site , is hosting a pre-inaugural ball Monday night with the Atlantic Philanthropies and the Musk Foundation , which supports research on renewable energy , human space exploration , and pediatrics . The event is also receiving sponsorship from MySpace , Comcast , the wind power company Vestas , and the nonprofit Global Green USA , among others . The party , they say , is "  to celebrate change in Washington , the rise of new media , and a renewed commitment to service and the environment , " and features a performance by Will.i.am . Plenty of other parties will be celebrating a renewed commitment to the environment , including the Green Inaugural Ball , chaired by Al Gore and hosted by a number of organizations like the American Council on Renewable Energy , the Energy Action Coalition , and the Vote Solar Initiative . © 2009 CBS Interactive Inc. . All rights reserved . CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc. . Used by permission .	Tech and media companies partner-up to cover historic inauguration Internet is changing the way history can be viewed . CNN and Facebook among others will be showing the ceremony live on-line Inauguration expected to cost $ 160 million
Atlanta  CNN  The day before Susan Bennett came out as the original voice of Siri in the United States , she lost her iPhone . Siriously . But that 's just one smile-inducing twist in a less-than-two-week journey that 's left this suburban Atlanta voiceover actor "  gobsmacked " and feeling like "  some strange tropical bird " on display , she said . "  I had no idea this would be such a big deal . " On October 4 , exactly two years after Apple 's virtual "  assistant " was introduced to the masses with the release of the iPhone 4S , CNN revealed her identity . Hours after our in-depth story was published online , she was sitting on the New York set of CNN 's "  New Day " morning show . And a new day it was for Bennett , who -- without her phone -- had no idea how much her world was about to change . At her airport gate to head home from New York , she got a sense . A man who kept staring at her finally approached with a question : "  Are you that Siri person ? " Coming forward , in itself , had been cathartic . She 'd grappled with the idea , mostly at the urging of her son , ever since she was surprised to find out she was the voice behind Siri . The recordings used for the Siri voice had been laid down by Bennett in 2005 , long before anyone outside of Apple knew that something called an iPhone was even on the horizon . "  I ca n't tell you how freeing it was to make that decision , " she said . "  I 'd been torturing myself for two years . " After a whirlwind 10 days of travel and newfound exposure , Bennett sat down over coffee and talked about what her life has been like since she took the leap from anonymity . The media frenzy To say that she got slammed with media requests would be an understatement . By the time Bennett got back to Atlanta from her morning TV appearance on CNN 's "  New Day , " between 400 and 500 e-mails were waiting for her . Most of them were requests for interviews . Meanwhile , her husband , Rick Hinkle , sat at home fielding phone calls as they poured in and asking , through the front door , for a local TV crew to leave . "  I thought I might get a couple e-mails . Maybe the  The Atlanta Journal-Constitution  would want to do a little story , " Bennett said . "  This is craziness . " 15 of Siri 's best  and worst  jokes The requests have been global , coming from places as far-flung as the United Arab Emirates , New Zealand , Ireland and Israel . She stared at what was in front of her , knowing she was in over her head . She had no idea where to begin . Fortunately , a hot-shot publicist in Los Angeles , Monique Moss of Integrated PR , was prepared to take over . Bennett would quickly go on to read a Top 10 list for David Letterman and make appearances on "  The Queen Latifah Show " and HLN 's "  Showbiz Tonight . " She 's done interviews with a handful of media outlets , including USA Today and the Los Angeles Times , and hit the radio morning show circuit : 18 programs in three hours alone . A new stable of handlers The publicist is just one person helping Bennett navigate her new normal . She 's also landed Wes Stevens of VOX Inc. , one of the top voiceover agents in the nation and someone she hopes will help her reach her ultimate dream : to voice a cartoon character . Bennett does n't want to discuss details but said after last week , that dream finally feels possible . And then there 's her son , Cameron Bennett , a photographer in Los Angeles . On a four-day trip Bennett recently took to L.A. , her son played chauffeur , schlepping his sleep-deprived mother from meeting to meeting . He also has stepped in to manage his mom 's growing social media presence , something she 'd never focused on before . And that 's how her new Twitter handle , @SiriouslySusan , was born . Finding comfort in the spotlight When asked to appear on CNN 's "  New Day , " Bennett was at first reticent . Years earlier , she 'd done on-camera work , mostly for corporate videos . But in a world where appearance -- and , by association , age -- matters , she found herself being phased out . As a voiceover actor , she does n't have to worry about looks and can wear what she wants . There 's tremendous comfort in that . So the decision to step in front of live cameras was n't immediate for her . But she then realized that coming out as the voice of Siri had been the big hurdle . That was the scary part . Once she did walk onto the set of "  New Day , " she was surprised by how comfortable she was . "  All of a sudden , that old memory of how to behave on camera came out , " said Bennett , who declines to give her age . "  I was n't nervous at all . " The caked-on makeup , though , she can do without . By the time she got back from her L.A. jaunt , she said , her skin -- what with all the makeup , the drier air , the lack of sleep -- felt like it had aged 10 years . She got home and said all she wanted to do was face-plant into a tub of moisturizer . Well , that and sleep . Over four days in L.A. , this night owl thinks she got no more than 18 hours of sleep . "  I felt really proud of myself that I was able to do everything I was asked to do , " she said . "  It was exciting but also exhausting . " Unexpected -- and moving -- messages In the past 10 days , Bennett has heard from old friends , people she has n't been in touch with for decades . And while most close family members were privy to her Siri secret , some distant relatives were not , which has meant some reconnecting that way , too . Strangers have written , begging her to record their outgoing messages for them . And wannabe voiceover actors seeking advice have reached out to Bennett , who 's trying to make a point to answer each and every e-mail -- which at last count numbered more than 600 . But the most moving responses have come from members of the blind community . Bennett has long been a voice of many TTS , or text-to-speech , services , beyond the technology used to create Siri . For the first time , she 's received thank-you notes from people she 's served , people who 've relied on her but did n't know her name until now . Their common message : "  Thanks for enabling us to do all we do , " she said . One writer specified that she 'd helped him work his computer , use his phone and "  read " textbooks . Realizing the tangible difference her voice has made in other people 's lives made her cry . "  This can be a thankless business , " she said . "  It 's so nice to know my voice is being used in a good way . " What 's next Bennett feels blessed to love what she does in Atlanta . She came home to her loving guitarist husband , her kitties , the lush trees and her quiet home . She 's back with her community of colleagues , musicians and friends she could n't appreciate more . Between resting her voice from all the recent attention , she 's getting back to work -- serving the same clients , recording in her home booth , laughing with the engineers who feel like family . She does n't expect this flood of attention to last forever . She suspects that most of her "  15 minutes of fame " already came and went . If she continues doing what she does , she says , she 'll be fine . But she 's open and excited to see what might happen next . "  Life is change , " she said . "  It 's inevitable . " There 's talk of a book deal and a speaking tour , two ideas that make her shake her head in amused disbelief . She 's already been asked to give a keynote address at a big telecommunications conference next year . And if other new jobs come out of this experience -- like a cartoon offer , perhaps -- she would , of course , be thrilled . "  I 'm grateful for all of it , " she said . "  It 's absolutely surreal . " But , Bennett insisted , none of this has changed or will change who she is . She looked down at her new iPhone 5S , the one she ca n't seem to figure out -- "  Why ca n't I get e-mail ? " -- and headed back to real life .	On October 4 , CNN revealed Susan Bennett as the original U.S. voice of Siri on the iPhone Since then , Bennett has faced a whirlwind of change Media requests , travel and new opportunities have been "  exciting , exhausting "
CNN  -- Al-Shabaab , al-Qaeda 's brutal Somali affiliate , has claimed credit for the attack by multiple gunmen at an upscale shopping mall in Nairobi , Kenya that has already killed at least 59 people . This should not be a surprise . For Al-Shabaab , the mall was an attractive target because Westerners , including Americans , frequented it . The mall is also in the capital of Kenya , a country that Al-Shabaab has good reason to dislike , as the Kenyan military played a major role in handing their forces a defeat last year when they liberated the key Somali port of Kismayo from their control . Al-Shabaab  "  the Youth "  tweeted Saturday that "  all Muslims inside #Westgate " -- referring to the mall that was attacked in Nairobi -- "  were escorted out by the Mujahideen before " the armed assault commenced . Members of Al-Shabaab use Twitter frequently to communicate their messages to the world . The group has recruited around 40 young American men and also dozens from Europe and has shown that it is comfortable with Internet technology , despite the fact that Somalia is one of the poorest and most anarchic countries on the planet . Dozens killed , scores wounded , hostages taken More than 10 % of the Kenyan population is Muslim . So it is interesting that Shabaab took the precaution of evacuating Muslims from the Nairobi mall they were attacking , suggesting a greater sophistication in the tactics of this attack than the group has shown hitherto in Somalia , where they have killed large numbers of civilians indiscriminately in a country that is almost entirely Muslim . Before he was killed by U.S. Navy SEALs two years ago , even Osama bin Laden had scolded members of Al-Shabaab , telling them to try to avoid killing Muslim civilians . In a letter that was recovered in the house in Pakistan where bin Laden was killed , al-Qaeda 's leader warned Shabaab members that they were killing too many civilians in battles in and around the key Bakara market in the Somali capital , Mogadishu . Saturday 's attack on the Nairobi mall seems to owe some of its tactics to Lashkar-e-Taiba , the Pakistani terrorist group that attacked upscale hotels catering to Westerners in Mumbai , India , in November 2008 over the course of more than three days , killing 166 people . Al-Shabaab grew amid Somalia 's lawlessness In both the Nairobi and Mumbai attacks , a group of armed gunmen shot at civilians indiscriminately and conducted the operation in a manner that would guarantee sustained media coverage over many hours and even days by taking a large number of hostages . In both assaults , the gunmen did not negotiate for the release of hostages but went into the operation seemingly prepared for a fight to the death . Al-Shabaab has previously shown that it is capable of carrying out operations outside of Somalia , bombing two groups of fans watching the World Cup on television in Kampala , Uganda , on July 11 , 2010 , killing more than 70 . The group seemed to have carried out that operation because Uganda had provided troops to a United Nations-authorized African Union mission then fighting Al-Shabaab in Somalia . The group has also shown an interest in targets in the West . Eight months before the attack in Uganda , a 28-year-old Somali man armed with a knife and an ax had forced himself into the home of Kurt Westergaard -- a Danish cartoonist who had depicted the Prophet Mohammed with a bomb in his turban -- and tried unsuccessfully to break into the panic room where Westergaard was hiding . Danish intelligence officials said the suspect had links with Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has managed to plant al-Qaeda-like ideas into the heads of even its American recruits . Shirwa Ahmed , an ethnic Somali , graduated from high school in Minneapolis in 2003 , then worked pushing passengers in wheelchairs at the Minneapolis airport . During this period Ahmed was radicalized ; the exact mechanisms of that radicalization are still murky , but in late 2007 he traveled to Somalia . About a year later , on October 29 , 2008 , Ahmed drove a truck loaded with explosives toward a government compound in Puntland , northern Somalia , blowing himself up and killing about 20 people , including United Nations peacekeeping troops and international humanitarian assistance workers . The FBI matched Ahmed 's finger , recovered at the scene , to fingerprints already on file for him . Ahmed was the first American terrorist suicide attacker anywhere . Al-Shabaab breaks new ground with complex Nairobi attack The attack on the Nairobi mall may be an attempt by Al-Shabaab to signal its continued relevance . Over the past three years , Al-Shabaab has lost substantial territory and influence in Somalia . Al-Shabaab controlled much of southern Somalia in 2010 , but operations by African Union and Kenyan forces have ended its domination of southern Somalia . In 2011 , the U.N.-sanctioned African Union mission partnered with Somali troops to fight Al-Shabaab militants , and in August of that year , African Union and Somali government forces defeated Al-Shabaab forces in Mogadishu , forcing the militants from a stronghold they had controlled since 2009 . Although Al-Shabaab has long been regarded as a regional offshoot of al-Qaeda , its leaders only declared their formal ties to the international terror organization in February 2012 . While the group seems to have been interested in an alliance before then , in 2010 , bin Laden instructed the group 's leaders to keep their association with al-Qaeda a secret , fearing that openly linking the groups would be bad for Al-Shabaab 's fundraising efforts . By February 2012 , however , bin Laden was dead and Al-Shabaab had suffered significant losses in its southern Somali safe haven . Al-Qaeda 's new leader , Ayman al-Zawahiri , who had earlier petitioned bin Laden to reconsider his views about the proposed merger between Al-Shabaab and al-Qaeda , believed the time was right to announce formal ties between the two groups . While there are a number of American citizens fighting for a variety of al-Qaeda-affiliated or - inspired organizations , Al-Shabaab seems to boast the most American fighters . According to a 2011 report by the House Committee on Homeland Security , an estimated 40 Americans have joined Al-Shabaab in the last few years , at least 24 of them coming from the Somali community in Minnesota . Al-Shabaab has prominently featured these recruits in its propaganda operations , releasing three official videos that starred Abu Mansoor al-Amriki  "  the father of Mansoor , the American "  , who is actually Omar Hammami , in his late 20s from Alabama , who was raised as a Baptist and converted to Islam in high school . One of the videos shows Hammami preparing an ambush and features English rap lyrics extolling jihad . Hammami was reported to have been killed on September 12 during the course of some kind of an internal conflict within the Al-Shabaab group . The news of his death was confirmed on Hammami 's Twitter account four days later .	For Al-Shabaab , the mall was an attractive target because Westerners frequented it Also , it fits with the Somalia-based terrorist group 's enmity with Kenya The group has recruited around 40 American men and also dozens from Europe The attack on the Nairobi mall may be an attempt by Al-Shabaab to signal its continued relevance
CNN  -- A long-time follower of a jailed polygamist sect leader says he has been ex-communicated after admitting to having sex with his wife -- a violation of an order that Warren Jeffs apparently issued from behind bars . Jeffs ' Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints also dissolved his marriage , the follower told CNN late Friday . The church member spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . The report follows news that Texas officials are investigating whether Jeffs violated his prison phone privileges by calling his congregation with orders , according to CNN affiliate KSL-TV in Salt Lake City . Jeffs , leader of the 10,000-member church , is serving a life-plus-20-year term in Texas for sexual assault . He was convicted in early August of the aggravated sexual assaults of a 12-year-old girl and a 15-year-old girl that Jeffs claimed were his "  spiritual wives . " The television station , citing critics and observers , reported Friday that Jeffs has acted through his brother , Lyle , and at other times spoken directly to his congregation over the phone from prison . He recently banned followers from using bicycles , ATVs , trampolines and children 's toys , the station reported . "  Right now , they have all been told that they are not to live as husband and wife , " Joni Holm , who has many relatives in the church , told the station . The Fundamentalist Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints is a breakaway Mormon sect that openly practices polygamy in the twin border towns of Hildale , Utah , and Colorado City , Arizona , as well as on its Yearning For Zion ranch near Eldorado , Texas . The mainstream Mormon church renounced polygamy more than a century ago . Holm told the station that her brother left the church three weeks ago because of the sex ban . She said he had been a follower of the church for 39 years . "  They 're leaving , " Holm said . "  Groups of them are coming out . We 're getting families that are coming out now . It 's only going to get worse . " Many members have disavowed Jeffs over his criminal convictions , while others are defending him and casting his conviction on sexual assault charges as an act of persecution . The follower who spoke to CNN said he does not practice polygamy . He added that although he was expelled from the church , his wife has decided to stay with him . His family , he says , is very concerned about the ramifications of her decision . If members have sex , any resulting children will be considered "  sons of perdition , " Holm said she was told . The parents will also be excommunicated , she said .	Texas officials are investigating whether Warren Jeffs violated prison phone rules Jeffs ordered followers not to have sex until he is freed , an FLDS family member says A long-time Jeffs follower says his marriage has been dissolved The follower says he was kicked out of the church for having sex with his wife
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Attacks in Pakistan on trucks carrying fuel for NATO troops in Afghanistan damaged about two dozen trucks and killed two people Friday , authorities said . Militants torched dozens of supply trucks in the southern Pakistani province of Sindh Friday morning , police said . No one was hurt , but 25 of 27 trucks were damaged , officials said . On Friday night , attackers with automatic weapons struck a NATO supply truck , killing two people and damaging contents , Pakistani police said . Saeed Ahmed , a senior police official in the Khuzdar district of Baluchistan , said the truck was apparently separated from a convoy heading to Afghanistan . The Friday morning attack took place in the Shikarpur district when four militants used fire crackers and petrol bombs to damage the trucks , said Muhammad Hanif , a senior police official in the district . The trucks carry crude , diesel and petrol for NATO troops in Afghanistan . Meanwhile , NATO convoys were still barred Friday from going into Afghanistan through the Torkham Gate checkpoint . The supply route to Afghanistan has been closed by the Pakistani government after fighting that led to the deaths of three Pakistani soldiers , and a military spokesman said Thursday that United States is hopeful the situation is only temporary . Pakistan banned NATO supply convoys from entering Afghanistan after the deaths of the three soldiers , whom the government says were killed in Pakistani territory during fighting between NATO troops and militants , according to a military official from the NATO-led command in Afghanistan . Lt. Col. John Dorrian , an ISAF spokesman , said the Torkham Gate in the Khyber Agency has been closed since about midday on Thursday . Chaman Gate , the other border crossing between Pakistan and Afghanistan , remains open . "  We do n't think it 's a very serious problem , " Dorrian said . "  It 's a throroughfare we use a lot so it is significant . But we can work around it . " "  We do expect these matters to be resolved . " Supply convoys are all-important for the Afghan war effort , and officials from NATO 's International Security Assistance Force  ISAF  were trying to persuade Pakistan to lift the ban . Coalition forces rely heavily on convoys from Pakistan to bring in supplies and gear . Torkham Gate is one of the main ports of entry for material coming into the war zone . But it is not the only way of getting supplies in . Khyber Agency is one of the seven districts in Pakistan 's tribal region . About half the cargo that flows into Afghanistan comes in via one of the two gates from Pakistan , the Defense Department says . Another 30 percent uses two major routes through Kazakhstan and Uzbekistan , one via Russia and the other via the Caucasus . The remaining 20 percent -- mostly sensitive items like weapons , ammunition and other critical equipment -- comes in by air . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen and Nasir Habib contributed to this report .	NEW : Two attacks damage trucks and kill two people Militants use petrol bombs to damage 25 trucks About half of U.S. cargo comes into Afghanistan via Pakistan , Pentagon says Torkham Gate remains closed
London  CNN  -- The parents of a 17-year-old girl will spend at least 25 years in a British prison for the death of their daughter after the couple 's conviction Friday for killing her over her desire to live a Westernized lifestyle and become an attorney , a court spokeswoman said Friday . Chester Crown Court Judge Roderick Evans sentenced Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed to life in prison . He said the couple , who were originally from Pakistan , must be imprisoned for at least 25 years before being eligible for parole . The sentence came hours after the court found them guilty of murder in the death of Shafilea Ahmed . The girl 's dismembered body was found on a riverbank in February 2004 , months after she disappeared in 2003 . The death was the final act in a long-running effort by the couple to get their daughter to conform to their beliefs , Detective Superintendent Geraint Jones told reporters . "  When this failed , they murdered her , a vile and disgraceful act , " he said . In sentencing the couple , Evans said they had used "  intimidation , bullying and ... physical violence " in an effort to force her to adopt ways they viewed as more culturally appropriate . "  Your problem was that , in what you referred to as your ` community , ' Shafilea 's conduct was bringing shame upon you and your concern about being shamed in your community was greater than your love of your child , " Evans told the couple , according to a transcript provided by court officials . "  In order to rid yourselves of that problem , you killed Shafilea by suffocating her in the presence of your other four children . " Melissa Powner , a friend of the slain girl , told reporters the conviction "  brought our friend the justice she deserves . " "  If there is one thing that we pray will come from this , it is that her beautiful face and tragic story will inspire others to seek help and make them realize that this kind of vile treatment , no matter what culture or background they are from , is not acceptable and there is a way out , " Powner said in a statement to reporters . The conviction and sentencing came just days after the girl 's mother changed her long-standing denials and testified Monday that she had seen her husband attack their daughter on the night Shafilea died . Iftikhar Ahmed has denied killing his daughter . Read more : Father denies killing daughter in UK ` honor murder ' case On Monday , Farzana Ahmed testified that she had tried to intervene to protect the girl , but her husband pushed her away and punched her , according to CNN affiliate ITV . She said she was "  extremely scared " when she fled the room and stayed in a bedroom with other children until she heard a car leaving 20 minutes later . When her husband returned alone , she said , she asked where her daughter was . "  If you care for your dear life and that of your children , do n't ever ask me this question again , " he told her , ITV reported . Farzana Ahmed testified Monday that only one of their children , Mevish , was present when she saw her husband attacking Shafilea . Another of the couple 's children , Alesha , testified last month that she saw her parents kill her sister . Alesha said her parents were angry that Shafilea was wearing a short-sleeved , V-neck top , and no sweater , on the night she was killed . "  Just end it here , " Farzana said to Iftikhar , according to their daughter . They pushed Shafilea onto a sofa and suffocated the struggling girl , Alesha testified . Prosecutor Andrew Edis called it "  an act of suffocation by both parents acting together . " Police will review evidence that came out during trial and could decide to seek additional charges , Detective Chief Inspector Chris Ankers said . "  It 's clear that there are a lot of things in play here , " he said . Prosecutor Helen Morris used the verdict as an opportunity to urge others who may be suffering or fearful of similar violence and abuse to come forward and "  put your faith in the criminal justice system . " So-called honor killings , in which members of a family kill relatives because of behavior that they say shames the family , claim about 5,000 lives a year around the world , according to the United Nations Population Fund . In England , the Crown Prosecution Service handled 234 crimes involving alleged "  honor violence " in 2011 . About half resulted in convictions . CNN 's Richard Allen Greene contributed to this report .	NEW : Couple more concerned about shame than their daughter , judge scolds Iftikhar and Farzana Ahmed are sentenced to life in prison in their daughter 's death Prosecutors : Shafilea Ahmed , 17 , was killed her because of her Westernized lifestyle Her dismembered body was found on a riverbank months after she disappeared in 2003
CNN  -- In 2012 , Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdoğan defended the highly divisive renovation of Taksim Square in central Istanbul by invoking history . Referring to the plan to build a replica of a monumental 19th century Ottoman army barracks that once stood there , he said : "  We are working to bring back history that has been destroyed . ... We will unite Taksim with its history . " As it turned out , Erdoğan 's attempt to unite Taksim with its history has revealed very deep fissures in Turkish culture . Starting at the end of May , more and more opponents of the renovations began gathering in the square . Protests evolved into a general condemnation of the government , becoming more chaotic , with police attacking protesters with water cannons and tear gas . Thousands have been injured and at least two protesters and one police officer have died . The demonstrations have spread to other cities . Although Erdoğan has claimed to be open to "  democratic demands , " he has denied the legitimacy of all the public unrest . A day after the prime minister proposed talks with protesters , bulldozers and riot police swept through the square and blanketed the area with tear gas . Chaos and standoffs between police and protesters continue . Turkey looks for ` legitamite protestors ' Debating the causes of the conflict , some commentators focus on the role of Islam in Turkey ; others emphasize disagreements about the nature of Turkish democracy , the lack of civil liberties , or the nascent environmentalist movement , which was stirred by plans to take down trees in the square 's Gezi Park . All these played a role in igniting unrest , but the issues surrounding the reconstruction of the Ottoman Taksim Military Barracks in particular point to deep unresolved historical tensions within the Republic of Turkey . The protesters and the government are engaging not only in a battle for their park and perhaps their country 's future , but also for control over the past . When Mustafa Kemal Atatürk founded the Republic of Turkey in 1923 , after years of war , he was embraced by a population eager to return to the days of the great Caliphs . But Atatürk chose , instead , to modernize , Westernize , and secularize the country . He disbanded the Caliphate , secularized the education system , outlawed Sufi Islam , enforced gender equality , Westernized the Turkish alphabet , and famously banned the fez . But these radical and sometimes ruthless steps , especially those that ran counter to perceived Islamic mores , engendered deep resentment and resistance . Opinion : From victim to villain , Erdogan 's unfinished transformation In the last decade , Erdoğan and his Justice and Development Party , known as AKP , have exploited that resistance as an element in their rise to power . Under AKP rule , the Ottoman past has re-emerged in a culturally powerful way . The movie "  Fetih 1453 , " a highly dramatized account of the Ottoman conquest of Constantinople in 1453 , had the biggest budget in the history of Turkish cinema , an investment handsomely rewarded by its box office returns . Turkish television is full of Ottoman-era dramas and soap operas , including the wildly successful "  Magnificent Century , " set in the era of the famous emperor Suleiman the Magnificent . More and more aspects of elite Turkish culture embrace Ottoman architecture , fashion and even food . But according to some opponents of the AKP , the cultural embrace of Ottoman history promotes a political agenda of regional domination . The decision to rebuild a symbol of Ottoman militarism , the Taksim Military Barracks , like the decision to name the new Bosphorus bridge after Sultan Selim I , conqueror of the Arab world , feeds this speculation . In popular Turkish culture , the Taksim Barracks are associated with the killing of Christian army officers in 1909 , while the Alevis -- a large minority group in Turkey -- remember Selim I as the murderer of their people . Thus , both bridge and barracks pit one view of history against another . But the Ottomans were not merely expansionary conquerors , nor were they generally devoted to Islamic purity . At their best , the Sultans ruled over a surprisingly pluralistic society that enabled people of diverse religions and ethnicities to flourish and live in relative autonomy . Both non-Turkish Muslims and non-Muslims rose to great heights of political power . Jews fled from Christian persecutions into Ottoman territory . In the wake of the riots , elements of this Ottoman legacy have begun to emerge as well . Devrim Evin , who played Sultan Mehmet II in "  Fetih 1453 , " declined to join Istanbul 's formal celebration of the 560th anniversary of the conquest of Constantinople . Instead , joining actors from "  Magnificent Century , " he went to Gezi Park to support the protests . Thus , the protesters were treated to actors playing Mehmet the Conqueror and Suleyman the Magnificent marching and tweeting alongside them . Evin , like Erdoğan , invoked Ottoman history . He said , just before the violence began , that Mehmet preserved the Orthodox basilica Hagia Sophia when he took the city . "  Such were our ancestors , " he said . "  They preserved things , did not destroy or tear down . " As with any turbulent situation , it 's hard to predict what will happen in Gezi Park or within the broader cycles of social unrest emerging in Turkey . Erdoğan looks unlikely to back down , at least not without a huge loss of face . Because the AKP has enjoyed broad popular support for its agenda , it will require internal pressure from within the movement to push Erdoğan toward a consensus settlement . But even if issues involving Taksim Square are eventually resolved without greater riots and brutality , the question of the meaning and relevance of the Ottoman past remains powerful . In "  Fetih 1453 , " Mehmet proclaims , "  Making history is no job for cowards . " The events unfolding in Taksim remind us that remembering history can be just as dangerous as making it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Perry .	David Perry : Plan to reconstruct Ottoman era barracks in Taksim Square revealed deep divisions When Atatürk modernized Turkey , he says , many resented parting with old Islamic ways Perry : Prime minister and his AKP party exploited that resentment in their rise to power The meaning and relevance of the Ottoman past remains a powerful question , he says
CNN  -- Since the revolution in 1959 Cuba has been many things to many people , but the collapse of the Soviet Union meant few have seen the island state as a vision of the future . But that could be changing -- at least in one aspect . Cuba experienced a reordering of its food production in the early 1990 's . A boom for organic foods , but problems persist . As worries grow in developed nations about a future without plentiful supplies of oil , the communist republic is proving to be an increasingly popular example of how to cope when the spigots run dry , for the simple reason : they 've already been there . With the loss of supplies from oil-rich Russia in 1991 , and a U.S. embargo preventing imports from elsewhere , Cuba was plunged into a severe recession in the early 1990 's , referred to as "  the Special Period . " Suddenly society was faced with dramatically reduced amounts of hydrocarbon energy , and the result was a fundamental reorganization of food production , leading to a boom in urban organic agriculture , which requires fewer inputs than conventional farming . Despite the increase in organic production , problems remain for Cuba 's agricultural system and ability to feed itself with local produce . "  Some estimates of the amount of food imports in Cuba go as high as 80 percent of domestic consumption , " says CNN 's Havana Bureau Chief , Morgan Neill . "  This is n't to say that small scale organic farmers could n't learn for isolated growers , but Cuba 's overall agriculture is one of the government 's biggest problems . " Cuba 's organic example , however , has been a source for inspiration for many outside of the country , such as the UK-based Cuban Organic Solidarity Group  COSG  . "  With the collapse of the Soviet Union Cuba was in a position where no-one thought it would survive -- they lost 80 percent of their trade overnight , " says Wendy Emmett of COSG . "  As a result the priority given to food changed , and it was immediately seen as much more important . " All over Havana small-scale organic gardens were started on roof-tops , backyards and in empty parking lots , spreading rapidly to other cities and urban centers . Farmer 's markets known as "  Kiosks " sprang up providing city-dwellers with access to locally-grown fruit and vegetables , cutting the use of oil in transporting food in from the countryside . In the countryside , oxen and horses replaced tractors . Manual labor replaced machines . A huge program of land re-distribution was instigated . Many of the vast collective farms beloved by communist planners started to look inefficient , and so were broken up into units more manageable without fleets of tractors . The process is still ongoing . In February 2009 the Cuban authorities announced that 1,827 square miles of state land would be given to Cubans with agricultural experience or other citizens . But this change was n't easy . Prior to the "  Special Period " Cuba had been a heavy user of oil-based chemical fertilizers , and much of the land was heavily degraded , requiring years of careful manuring to restore fertility . However , despite the obstacles , they did it . "  I was there in 1992 , which was one of the most difficult years , and certainly people were moaning a lot , but they worked together , they still kept the milk coming for the schoolchildren , " says Emmett . "  Throughout it all they did n't close any hospitals , they did n't close any schools ; they kept going against the odds . In many ways they show us what is possible , what a community can achieve when they work together ; the power of co-operation . " A blue-print to cope with problems post-peak oil ? Of course a powerful authoritarian state and strong central planning made such huge changes easier to implement ; a similar process of development might be very different , and possibly lees successful , in the West . But as an increasing number of people believe we will soon face a major social and economic crisis as oil supplies dwindle over coming decades , many believe we have a lot to learn from the Cuban experience . "  The industrialized world can learn that its dependency on oil will eventually push it through similar experiences to that which Cuba had to face in the 1990 's , and with similar outcomes , " says Julia Wright , author of "  Sustainable Agriculture and Food Security in an Era of Oil Scarcity : Lessons from Cuba . " "  We can also learn that if we do not have the necessary capacities in place , our food production system will be caught short , as was Cuba . " All over the world from New Zealand to the United Kingdom members of the Transition Town Movement , which aims to help communities prepare for the twin challenges of peak oil and climate change , hold regular screenings of the film , "  The Power of Community " , an upbeat documentary that explores the Cuban experience , alongside films about our oil addiction such as "  The End of Suburbia " and "  A Crude Awakening . " "  Cuba inspires groups overseas wanting to develop alternative , more sustainable farming and food systems , partly based on the myth that has built up around Cuba being organic , " says Wright . "  Organic farming in Cuba only operates in urban areas , not rural ... -LSB- but -RSB- the Cuban organic movement and the people within it are highly dedicated to their work and will continue to influence and be influenced by the organic movement overseas . " The future is less clear . New allies are once again opening Cuba up to the outside world -- and providing fresh oil supplies . "  Hugo Chavez is supplying Cuba with increasing quantities of oil and agrochemicals , so Cuban agriculture -- and here I 'm talking about rural farms which supply 95 percent of the nation 's domestic food needs -- is becoming more industrialized , though it will not revert back to the extreme practices of the Soviet era , " says Wright . "  Organic urban agriculture will continue and likely continue to expand out to peri-urban areas . " But whatever the years ahead bring , Wright believes the experience of the "  Special Period " has left its mark on Cuban society . "  The crisis that Cuba suffered has made it a better place in certain aspects , as people had to become more resilient and self-sufficient and less wasteful , " says Wright . "  Although Cubans would certainly say that their food shortages and lack of inputs has been a hardship . "	Cuba 's economic hardship in early 1990 's led to reorganization of agriculture Urban and organic farming implemented plus break up of inefficient large farms Some see Cuba 's experience as way to cope with problems of future oil crises
CNN  -- An electrical outage at a power station in northern New Jersey left 20,000 households -- and a major airport -- without power Monday , prompting authorities to restrict incoming and outgoing flights at Newark International Airport , officials said . Several people were removed from stalled elevators , while others were stranded in the airport 's monorail trains , according to a spokesman for the Port Authority for New York and New Jersey . The outage occurred around 2:30 p.m. after an equipment failure at Bayway Switching Station in Elizabeth , New Jersey , according to Public Service Electric and Gas Co. spokeswoman Bonnie Sheppard . Power was restored at Newark airport around 4 p.m. , and flights resumed with minor delays . Emergency crews were working to restore service across the region , Sheppard said .	NEW : Power was restored at Newark aiport around 4 p.m. A power outage Monday left 20,000 households without electricity The outage also cut power to Newark International Airport terminals The outage prompted airport authorities to restrict flights at Newark airport
CNN  -- A Missouri VA hospital is under fire because it may have exposed more than 1,800 veterans to life-threatening diseases such as hepatitis and HIV . John Cochran VA Medical Center in St. Louis has recently mailed letters to 1,812 veterans telling them they could contract hepatitis B , hepatitis C and human immunodeficiency virus  HIV  after visiting the medical center for dental work , said Rep. Russ Carnahan . Carnahan said Tuesday he is calling for a investigation into the issue and has sent a letter to President Obama about it . "  This is absolutely unacceptable , " said Carnahan , a Democrat from Missouri . "  No veteran who has served and risked their life for this great nation should have to worry about their personal safety when receiving much needed healthcare services from a Veterans Administration hospital . " The issue stems from a failure to clean dental instruments properly , the hospital told CNN affiliate KSDK . KSDK : VA dental patients at risk of infection Dr. Gina Michael , the association chief of staff at the hospital , told the affiliate that some dental technicians broke protocol by handwashing tools before putting them in cleaning machines . The instruments were supposed to only be put in the cleaning machines , Michael said . The handwashing started in February 2009 and went on until March of this year , the hospital told KSDK . The hospital has set up a special clinic and education centers to help patients who may have been infected . However , Carnahan said he feels more should be done and those responsible should be disciplined . "  I can only imagine the horror and anger our veterans must be feeling after receiving this letter , " Carnahan said . "  They have every right to be angry . So am I. " This is not the first time this year a hospital has been in hot water for not following proper procedures . In June , Palomar Hospital in San Diego , California , has sent certified letters to 3,400 patients who underwent colonoscopy and other similar procedures , informing the patients that there may be a potential of infection from items used and reused in the procedures .	Missouri VA hospital sends letters to more than 1,800 patients at risk Patients may be at risk to contract hepatitis and HIV Congressman from Missouri angry and calling for investigation Hospital says problem stems from handwashing dental instruments
CNN  -- The lawyer and companion for former Playboy playmate Anna Nicole Smith has filed a $ 60 million libel suit against the author and publisher of a new book on Smith 's life and death . Howard K. Stern , shown in February , claims the book falsely accuses him of homosexual acts and cocaine use . Howard K. Stern 's suit claims the book falsely accuses him of behavior including homosexual acts , illegal possession and use of cocaine and criminal involvement in the deaths of Smith and her son , Daniel . Stern claims in the suit against Rita Cosby and her publisher , Hachette Book Group USA , that Cosby "  intentionally published false and defamatory statements about Stern related to Ms. Smith 's death in a calculated effort to increase sales and increase profits " in her book , "  Blonde Ambition : The Untold Story Behind Anna Nicole Smith 's Death . " Stern 's attorney , Lin Wood , told CNN the suit seeks $ 10 million for compensatory damages and $ 50 million for punitive damages . Wood said Cosby and her publisher "  made a conscious decision to smear the personal and professional reputation of my client , Howard K. Stern , by publishing vicious lies about him . Blonde Ambition is filled with false accusations about Mr. Stern unsupported by any credible or reliable sources . "  Blonde Ambition purports to be a ` tell-all ' book , but it can only be accurately described as a ` tell-all-lies ' book , " Wood said in a statement . Attempts by CNN to reach Cosby , a former MSNBC anchor , and Hachette Book Group USA on Tuesday night were not immediately successful . Smith , 39 , died February 8 in a Florida hotel room of an accidental drug overdose . Her death sparked a legal battle between Stern and photographer Larry Birkhead over paternity and custody of her infant daughter , Dannielynn . In addition , the two , along with Smith 's estranged mother , Virgie Arthur , fought a legal battle over custody of Smith 's body that delayed the former model 's burial . After DNA testing , a Bahamian court declared Birkhead the father of Dannielynn in April . At that point , Stern , who was listed as the girl 's father on her birth certificate , said he would not fight for custody . On CNN 's "  Larry King Live " September 4 , Birkhead also denied the allegations in Cosby 's book , which include that he and Stern had an affair -- and that an intimate moment between the two was caught on videotape . Birkhead said he had instructed his attorney to sue Cosby , the publisher and "  any source that spits out some of that false , defamatory information that 's in there . If I were Rita Cosby , I 'd be very concerned . " He also denied another claim in the book , that he and Stern were working together behind the scenes during the custody battle for Dannielynn or to make money off Smith 's death . Stern claims in the lawsuit , filed in federal court in New York , that "  defendants have exploited Ms. Smith 's life and death by publishing false and defamatory accusations against Howard K. Stern , who was Ms. Smith 's longtime lawyer , friend and companion . " The suit claims that Cosby and her publisher had notice that statements in the book were not true before its publication , and that they were warned not to publish those statements by Stern 's attorneys . Cosby made no attempt to contact Stern to verify the allegations , the suit says . Birkhead also said that Cosby never contacted him regarding the allegations . E-mail to a friend	Howard K. Stern 's lawsuit seeks $ 60 million in damages Suit : Book falsely accuses Stern of involvement in deaths of Smith and her son Attempts by CNN to reach the book 's author and publisher were unsuccessful
CNN  -- Three Marines , including the commanding officer of an infantry battalion , have been relieved of their duties in the wake of the death of seven service members killed during a mortar exercise accident in March , according to a statement from the Marines . Lt. Col. Andrew McNulty , the officer in charge of the 1st Battalion , 9th Marine Regiment , was replaced temporarily by Maj. Thomas M. Siverts , the unit 's second in command . Brig. Gen. James Lukeman said he replaced McNulty because he "  lost confidence in him as the commander of this battalion . " Capt. Kelby S. Breivogel , who commanded Company A , and Chief Warrant Officer-3 Douglas H. Derring , the battalion Marine infantry weapons officer , were also relieved of their duties . They will be reassigned , the Marines said . The Marines were killed by an explosion during a mortar training exercise at Hawthorne Army Depot in western Nevada on the night of March 18 . Eight other people were injured . After the accident , the Marines discontinued use of the 60mm rounds and mortar tubes , but the Marines statement said a preliminary investigation determined the mortar system "  functioned properly " at the site of the explosion . "  We have no reason to question the safety of the system when it is employed as designed and as Marines are trained to employ it , " the press release said . The full investigation into the cause of the accident is ongoing . The Hawthorne Army Depot , about 140 miles southeast of Reno , Nevada , is used for storing ammunition and weapon stocks awaiting demilitarization . The facility also provides high desert training facilities for military units . Marines killed in training explosion were all 25 or younger	Commanding officer of the 1st Battalion , 9th Marine Regiment will be reassigned Seven Marines were killed in a mortar range accident in March Marines statement says system appeared to work properly
CNN  -- Kelsey Grammer -- actor , producer , Twitter grammarian . Grammer 's verified Twitter account started on June 30 with the tweet , "  It has come to my attention that the fine people of @Twitter have an egregious grammar problem . I 'm here to help . #KelseyGrammerGrammar . " Since then , the "  Frasier " star has been true to his mission , correcting tweets . When one fan tweeted "  The movie ` Down Periscope ' w / Kelsey Grammer is one of my favorite movies . Its a movie I can watch over & over again . Deal with it " Grammer responded with "  I 'm honored you think so , but believe it should be * it 's . #KelseyGrammerGrammar . " So far , the Twitterverse seems thrilled by the addition of yet another member of the informal Twitter grammar police . One person tweeted , " @KelseyGrammer , your hashtag #KelseyGrammerGrammar is the best thing ever  notice my correct use of your , not you 're  ! " Even other celebs are chiming in on the fun . "  Star Trek " legend William Shatner tweeted , "  Uh oh ! Dad showed up . No more fun anymore . ;- @KelseyGrammer @twitter . " So watch your p 's and q 's , people . You do n't want to make Sideshow Bob mad .	Kelsey Grammer 's verified Twitter account launched on June 30 The actor is singling out tweets encumbered with errant English William Shatner tweeted a welcome : "  Uh-oh . Uh oh ! Dad showed up "
Little Rock , Arkansas  CNN  -- In the shadow of the William Jefferson Clinton Presidential Library , an ironic occurrence is taking shape . As the former two-term president traverses the country , rallying support for Democrats facing tough electoral prospects , his party is bracing for severe losses in his home state of Arkansas . Embattled two-term Sen. Blanche Lincoln faces a bleak outlook in her bid for re-election , while Reps. Vic Snyder and Marion Berry are opting to retire , opening the door to Republican takeovers of their seats . A Republican and a Democrat are in Arkansas ' two other congressional districts , and they 're considered safe for the incumbent parties . Democrats here in Arkansas and elsewhere in the South are buffeted by constituent anger toward President Obama and his legislative initiatives like health care reform and the stimulus , regardless of how they voted on the issues . Arkansas supported John McCain over Obama in the 2008 election by more than 20 percent . Lincoln is portraying herself as a Capitol Hill power broker who can easily maneuver between the two parties , touting her independence while also proud to be the Senate 's deciding vote in support of health care reform . "  Without a doubt , they identify so clearly with the problem that exists in Washington , where you have Democrats in one foxhole and Republicans in another , and very few people like myself who are willing to come onto the battlefield and look for the common ground , " Lincoln told CNN at a campaign stop in North Little Rock . According to an analysis by CNN , there are 62 Democrats in Southern states facing re-election this cycle , all House members except for Lincoln . Nearly half of those , 28 , are considered in jeopardy . These members consist mostly of white men whose districts went for McCain over Obama . "  I do n't think Southern Democrats are in danger , " Snyder said . "  I think this is a very robust election year in a battleground state in battleground congressional districts . And are we at risk of losing elections in battleground districts ? You always are in a robust election year . " Snyder also takes a pragmatic view of the fierce competition in the old Confederacy , believing that a thriving democracy , while not a cure-all , is the best medicine . "  This is one of those periods of American history that are very important . When the intensity and challenges facing our country are great , the intensity is on different sides . And that 's why democracy works . " Arkansas has bucked the trend among Southern states by electing Democrats to all seven statewide offices and giving them control of both legislative chambers . And despite a public sentiment leaning toward Republican candidates , incumbent Democratic Gov. Mike Bebee appears to be coasting to victory . Republicans in this state are anxious for change , though they admit it might take longer than the election on November 2 . "  We 're seeing the same trend down ballot . Obviously , the governor 's race will be a challenge , but we 're seeing a flip all the way down the ticket . Things will go from blue to red like this state has never seen before , " said Alice Stewart , spokeswoman for the Arkansas Republican Party . Observers agree that Democrats will probably retain control of both the Arkansas House and Senate , but with much slimmer majorities . One reason for the slow change : tradition . "  There is a tradition at the lower level , that my granddaddy was a Democrat , my great-granddaddy , so I 'm going to be one too , " said Max Brantley , editor of the Arkansas Times . And the Democrats selected by voters tend to be a mix of moderate and conservative on economic and social policy . "  The local officials have not been Democrats recognizable as Democrats to a national Democrat in New York . They are liberals by no means . " Brantley is not prepared to predict a dramatic realignment in the electorate , but he believes Arkansas is finally catching up to the rest of the South by electing more Republicans , regardless of the help provided by favorite son Clinton , who has come to the state three times this year to campaign for Lincoln . "  Bill Clinton 's great , and he is great in enthusing the base . But he 's not going to decide the election . It 's good that he 's out there , because he 's more popular than Barack Obama . But he ca n't turn the voter tide . " The question of whether Arkansas triples the number of Republicans it sends to Washington wo n't be decided until Election Day , but Dr Janine Parry of the University of Arkansas urges caution in reading too much into what a potential electoral switch means . "  One election does not a pattern make , " Parry said . "  But then of course , political scientists declare a pattern 10 years after everyone else has already declared . " CNN 's Brianna Keilar and Lesa Jansen contributed to this report .	Two-term Arkansas Sen. Blanche Lincoln faces a bleak outlook in her re-election bid Two Arkansas representatives are retiring , opening the door to GOP takeovers of their seats 62 Dems in Southern states face re-election this cycle , and 28 are considered to be in jeopardy Family tradition may be slowing Arkansas transition to GOP that other Southern states have seen
CNN  -- Roger Federer added fuel to the paternity leave debate as he crashed out of the Rome Masters just eight days after welcoming twin boys to his clan . Federer will be back on nappy changing duties sooner than he may have expected after losing 6-1 3-6 7-6  6  to Frenchman Jeremy Chardy Wednesday . The French world No. 47 saved a match point to record his first ever victory over the Swiss 17-time grand slam champion . "  I think we both struggled to win today and at the end a shot here or there may have decided the match , " Federer told reporters in Rome . "  But credit to him for fighting his way back into the match . " It was the 32-year-old father of four 's first match back since the birth of Lenny and Leo -- brothers to twin girls Charlene Riva and Myla Rose . Federer had explained that wife Mirka , along with his coaching team , had encouraged him to make a quick return to work on the tennis tour on the eve of the Rome tournament . "  They told me to come here and play , " Federer told reporters at Foro Italico . "  So I said ` OK , if you do n't want me around , I 'll go away ! I miss them a lot already . ' " The world No. 4 , however , revealed plans that will dodge any future problems over time away from his twin boys . "  The plan is that they can come on tour , " he added . "  At least we know how to handle kids on the road . "  I am aware it 's going to be a lot of work but at the same time it 's something I 'm really looking forward to . " The Rome Masters is the final major warm-up event for the second grand slam of the year , the French Open . Looking ahead to the clay-court slam , which begins on 25th May , Federer commented : "  I did have my family but everything is under control . And I still feel good , body and mind . " There were victories on the Rome clay Wednesday for Britain 's Wimbledon champion Andy Murray , Germany 's Tommy Haas and Russian Mikhail Youzhny . Spanish eight-time French Open champion Rafael Nadal opened his Rome title defense with a tough 7-6 6-7 6-2 victory over Giles Simon of France . In the women 's draw , Venus Williams had her comeback from illness curtailed by Spain 's Carla Suarez Navarro . After a sizzling first-round win Tuesday , the 33-year-old American was beaten 6-4 6-2 . The seven-time grand slam winner now has to manage her tennis career after the effects of Sjogren 's syndrome , a debilitating autoimmune disease . There were comfortable wins for world No. 1 Serena Williams , Poland 's Agnieszka Radwanska , Australia 's Sam Stosur and Italians Francesca Schiavone and Sara Errani .	Roger Federer loses first match back since birth of twin boys last week The Swiss father of four is beaten by Frenchman Jeremy Chardy in the Rome Masters There are wins on the Rome clay for Andy Murray and Tommy Haas American Venus Williams loses second round match to halt comeback from illness
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- A family court judge refused Mel Gibson 's request to prohibit the actor-director 's ex-girlfriend and her lawyers from talking to reporters about their child custody battle Wednesday . The judge also withheld a decision on Oksana Grigorieva 's petition to change the temporary custody order to prevent Gibson from having overnight visits with their 1-year-old daughter . Gibson and Grigorieva , who split up months after Lucia was born , sat on opposite sides of a courtroom Wednesday for a daylong hearing Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Scott Gordon . The hearing was closed to the public and lawyers on each side would not reveal if either of the parents testified Wednesday . They are scheduled to return to court on November 22 for a continuation of the hearing , Grigorieva lawyer Daniel Horowitz said . While Judge Gordon refused to grant the gag order , which Grigorieva opposed , Horowitz said he was reluctant to discuss details of the hearing because it involved a child . Still , the child custody battle has been publicly bitter and could evolve into a criminal case . Prosecutors are considering whether to bring charges against Gibson in connection with a domestic violence investigation related to the custody dispute , a Los Angeles district attorney 's spokeswoman Sandi Gibbons said . A decision on charges against Gibson will not be made until sheriff 's investigators conclude a probe of extortion allegations Gibson made Grigorieva , Gibbons said . Police in Malibu Hills , California , opened the investigation in July into an alleged domestic violence incident in which Grigorieva accused Gibson of striking her in the face . He alleged that she attempted to extort him to keep controversial recordings of their arguments secret . Phone calls recorded by Grigorieva are "  part of the investigation " into the alleged domestic violence , " sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . Several explosive audio recordings , purportedly between Grigorieva and Gibson , were released online . CNN 's Brittany Kaplan contributed to this report .	NEW : The judge rejected Gibson 's request for a gag order NEW : No ruling was made on Grigorieva 's petition to limit Gibson 's visitation rights The actor is battling his ex-girlfriend over custody rights for their daughter Gibson is still under investigation for alleged domestic violence
CNN  -- As a federal air marshal , Robert MacLean typically spent five days a week crisscrossing the country on commercial flights , reading a lot of newspapers and John Grisham novels while keeping an eye out and trying to appear inconspicuous . "  It was a well-paying job with enormous responsibility , yet extremely tedious and mundane , " he said . "  You did the same thing every day , there was nothing new . You sat in your seat and prayed that nobody would set off an IED or ambush you mid-flight . " Armed with service weapons and usually traveling in pairs , federal air marshals are tasked with detecting , deterring and defeating "  hostile acts targeting U.S. air carriers , airports , passengers , and crews , " according to the Transportation Security Administration 's Web site . If the air marshals are doing their job properly , the public does not learn about the incidents or potential catastrophes they 've prevented , Department of Homeland Security spokesman Nelson Minerly said . "  Federal air marshals are trained to operate covertly and to blend in with the traveling public , " he said . "  They work in the air and on the ground as a last line of defense , but if they 're doing the job right , you do n't know they 're there . " A federal air marshal was not on Northwest Flight 253 when a passenger allegedly tried to detonate explosives hidden in his underwear . But the agency said the incident prompted it to enhance airport screening procedures and put more air marshals aboard flights . The Federal Air Marshal Program has been around in one form or another since the early 1960s , when a rash of hijackings of flights to Cuba prompted President Kennedy to order that federal law enforcement officers be placed on high-risk flights . The Federal Air Marshal Service officially began in 1968 as the Federal Aviation Administration 's Sky Marshal Program , and in the 1970s , extortion-type hijackings in the Middle East led to the deployment of some air marshals overseas . In 1985 , President Regan expanded the program , increasing the number of air marshals , in response to a series of domestic and international hijackings , including TWA Flight 847 , in which a U.S. Navy Diver was killed and his body dumped on the tarmac in Beirut , Lebanon . The terror attacks of September 11 , 2001 , represented a turning point in the agency 's history , when it grew from less than 50 officers to the several thousand currently employed as federal law enforcement officers in the TSA , Minerly said . Law enforcement officers and military personnel made up most of the first recruits to join the agency 's replenished ranks in October 2001 , said Jamie Smith , a former federal air marshal instructor and current CEO of SCG International , a global security firm . Recruits are trained extensively in tactical operations and law enforcement procedure . "  They go through how to go hands-on with somebody in the tight confines of an aircraft , from how to disable an attacker from a seated position , how to fight if you fall down in the aisle , or how to use different items onboard to subdue and restrain attackers , " he said . "  They learn how to restrain them using seatbelts -- basically fold the person over and strap them down . " Trainees also learn the rules of engagement , laws related to use of force on airplanes and how to look out for suspicious behavior , or behavioral profiling . "  We 'd teach them to look for mannerisms : specific styles of dress , whether they 're with a group or trying to peel off from a group , or if a uniformed officer approaches and they shy away -- things like that . We 'd teach them what to look for , " he said . Applicants with backgrounds in law enforcement and the military are given special preference , but the positions are open to anyone with a college degree or three years of professional experience who proves up to the job , Minerly said . "  Our training program is very comprehensive . We have people applying now with limited law enforcement experience and we provide them with the training to get them up to speed with what we expect of a federal air marshal , " he said . "  Air Marshals are supposed to look like the rest of the traveling public so it only stands to reason we would want recruits from all walks of life . " In the eight years since the Federal Air Marshal Service has been ramping up , only a handful of incidents have been publicly reported , most involving drunk or unruly passengers . MacLean says he never had to make an arrest in five years flying missions as an air marshal . Yet his career ended in controversy , when he was fired for leaking information on cutbacks in the program . Did he ever secretly wish for some action to break up the tedium ? "  No way , " he said , laughing . "  Not when you 're 35,000 feet up in the air flying at 500 mph in an aluminum tube with a few hundred people . You really do n't want anything to happen . "	Federal air marshals spend a lot of time on commercial flights reading , staying inconspicuous If they 're doing their job right , passengers should not notice air marshals aboard flight Concept of air marshals originates in early 1960s , when rash of flights to Cuba hijacked Background in law enforcement not required but preferred
CNN  -- Same-sex marriage will be the law of the land -- inevitably but not immediately . That 's the message of the Supreme Court 's decision today to let stand five federal appellate court rulings that recognized a constitutional right for gay people to marry . The practical effects of today 's non-decision are considerable . At a minimum , it means that the five states whose cases were before the court -- Utah , Oklahoma , Virginia , Wisconsin and Indiana -- should allow same-sex marriage immediately . In addition , the states covered by the circuit courts that include these states will almost certainly now allow same-sex marriages as well . This includes the Fourth Circuit , covering Maryland , Virginia , West Virginia , North Carolina and South Carolina ; the Seventh Circuit , including Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin ; and the 10th Circuit , which covers Colorado , Kansas , New Mexico , Oklahoma , Utah and Wyoming . So for a non-decision , today 's non-ruling has a big impact . The justices never explain why they decline to take a case , but it 's possible to offer some informed speculation . It takes only four  of nine  votes for the court to hear a case . So why did n't four justices vote to hear the challenges to the same-sex marriage ban ? The court is polarized , with four conservatives  Chief Justice John Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas and Samuel Alito  and four liberals  Justices Ruth Bader Ginsburg , Stephen Breyer , Sonia Sotomayor and Elena Kagan  , with Anthony Kennedy holding the balance of power , especially on gay rights issues . It 's possible that neither the liberal nor the conservative bloc felt confident enough of Kennedy 's vote to risk letting him decide the case . So better to kick the can down the road . The conservatives have a special reason for delay . Ginsburg , at 81 the oldest justice , will probably leave during the next president 's term . A Republican president would replace Ginsburg with a solid conservative vote and make Kennedy 's vote irrelevant . So waiting might be an appealing option for them . The liberals had their own reasons for delay . Same-sex marriage has marched with great speed across the country . Today 's non-decision means that more than half the states , with well more than half the population , have marriage equality . Those facts create their own momentum . More time equals more states , which might  the theory goes  make Kennedy 's vote easier to get a year from now . But for now , the state-by-state battles continue . As a result of today 's decision , there will not be a 50-state resolution any time soon . But the direction of the country , if not the court , is clear , and that 's more important than any Supreme Court decision .	Jeffrey Toobin : Decision to let same-sex marriage rulings stand has big impact 5 states with cases before court will allow same-sex marriage ; others likely will , too , he says Toobin : Liberal , conservative blocs could n't count on Kennedy swing vote , perhaps Toobin says the decision buys time ; it may sway Kennedy if more states get equality
Washington  CNN  -- In the tight circle that surrounds President Obama , White House spokesman Robert Gibbs is in the inner bubble . He 's the 3 a.m. wake-up call when North Korea fires a test missile , or when the Nobel committee picks the president for the top award . "  Trust me , it is a job I would gladly give to anybody who would volunteer , " Gibbs said . Or would he ? After all , he 's an adviser , a friend and a mouthpiece for the administration with more access than recent press secretaries . "  I can walk in and ask him a question at any given time , pick up the phone and talk to him about anything at any given time . I think -LSB- that -RSB- makes my job easier , " Gibbs said in an exclusive interview with CNN . The president and the press secretary first connected in 2004 when Obama was a virtual unknown outside of Chicago , Illinois , and was campaigning for the U.S. Senate . They clicked and grew close , leading Obama to tell the Wall Street Journal in a 2008 interview , "  Robert is the guy I want in the foxhole with me during incoming fire . If I 'm wrong , he challenges me . He 's not intimidated by me . " Gibbs chuckled while recalling the comment and quipped , "  That is when we called him ` Senator ' or by his first name . " While challenging Obama when he was on a campaign bus is much different than pushing back in the Oval Office , Gibbs insists that Obama still seeks opposing opinions and dislikes an atmosphere where everyone tells him he 's right . Ten months into his job in the White House , Gibbs , who grew up in Auburn , Alabama , says he 's finally starting to get more comfortable , even though he admits that the 24/7 pace "  is certainly a challenge . It can wear you down . " Especially when it comes to the daily main event . Gibbs briefs the White House press corps , usually for about 45 minutes . He rarely shows up on time , but he 's always ready to spar . The mouthpiece for the president often uses humor or sarcasm to deflect a tough question . In one exchange about the tit for tat over cable chatter and radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh , Gibbs uttered , "  I 'll plead guilty to counterproductivity . " In another about managing the message , Gibbs said , "  Is there any evidence currently going on that I 'm controlling the press ? Poorly , I might add ! " Is this an effective strategy to handle the media ? "  You tell me , " Gibbs said . "  Look , there 's no doubt that using a little humor to get out of a series of bad questions is n't an altogether bad technique . " Watch Gibbs talk about his job Especially since he 's involved in a daily high-wire act , as he calls it . The cameras are always rolling . A bad day for the White House spokesman usually means a bad day for the administration . "  My father likes reminding me he always thought my mouth would get me into sizable trouble , which it can on any given day , " Gibbs said . Before starting his job , Gibbs studied former press secretaries and sought out their advice . He still relies on their guidance "  fairly frequently , " he said . For example , Gibbs revealed that just last week he reached out to former Clinton spokesman Mike McCurry to get "  feedback on a question that was sort of nagging me a little bit . " When probed on what that question was , Gibbs replied , "  I 'm not going to get into that , but good try . " Even with the major policy issues the White House is juggling , from Afghanistan to health care to the economy , Gibbs says he 's still having fun . "  If you did n't enjoy the job that I have , it would be the worst job in all of Washington , " he said . What he does n't like , he said , is the fact that he 's now a celebrity . "  People that I do n't know recognize you walking down the street . It 's awkward , " he said .	White House spokesman has more access to president than recent predecessors Robert Gibbs says he can walk in or call Obama any time he has a question Obama has praised Gibbs ' willingness to challenge him , tell him he 's wrong Gibbs known for using humor to deflect tough questions from media
Kano , Nigeria  CNN  Hundreds of troops from Chad and Niger launched a ground and aerial offensive against Boko Haram in northeastern Nigeria on Sunday , according to residents and military sources from Niger . The sweeping offensive is taking place along the Niger-Nigeria border , sources said , effectively opening a new front in the fight against the Islamist terror group . This comes a day after Boko Haram pledged allegiance to ISIS in an audio message purported to be from leader Abubakar Shekau . Latest developments in the fight against ISIS "  Early this morning , troops from Niger and Chad launched ground and air raids against Boko Haram into Nigeria , and the operation is still continuing , " said a military official in the border town of Diffa , Niger . "  It is an intensive operation that is aimed at pulverizing Boko Haram and crippling their capability , " according to the source . He spoke on condition of anonymity because he is not authorized to comment publicly about the operation . Residents said artillery fire and fighter jets pushed Boko Haram fighters into the Damasak district of Nigeria , which is a Boko Haram enclave . "  Around 6 a.m. , soldiers from Niger and Chad in huge numbers confronted Boko Haram around the Doutchi area outside Diffa and later crossed the bridge into Nigeria , " said Diffa resident Ari Boubakarna . "  We heard huge explosions from artillery fire and fighter jets , but the explosions receded as the troops moved further into Nigeria , " Boubakarna continued . A journalist working in Diffa saw troops headed toward the border with Nigeria , where Boko Haram fighters had taken up positions . "  They left in a huge convoy of over 200 vehicles , some of them fitted with machine guns , including armored tanks , ambulances , water tankers and cargo trucks , which indicate they were going for a prolonged operation , " the journalist said . Residents lined up the streets to offer water and tea as the troops drove out of Diffa , residents said , adding that soldiers promised to capture Shekau alive . Another contingent of troops , backed by air support , moved out from the town of Bosso , Niger , according to residents . "  Soldiers in large numbers crossed into Nigeria this morning , and we could hear thunderous sounds of gunfire and explosions coming from the direction of Malam Fatori , " Bosso resident Tandja Moumouni said . Nigeria and its neighbors have recently mounted a coordinated offensive against Boko Haram militants in the Borno state , where the Islamist group has seized a large swathe of territory . Nigeria shares a border with Niger , Chad and Cameroon there . As a part of this alliance , thousands of troops from Niger and Chad were stationed in Bosso and Diffa in January . The offensive has succeeded in reclaiming some of the territory seized by the group . Nigeria has vowed to liberate all of its territories from Boko Haram before the general elections , which begin on March 28 , to enable displaced residents return to their homes for the elections .	Troops from Chad and Niger launch offensive against Boko Haram The offensive is part of a coordinated regional campaign
CNN  -- France defender William Gallas has attacked former national coach Raymond Domenech , blaming him for the team 's disastrous performance at the World Cup in South Africa . In an interview with French weekly culture magazine Les Inrockuptibles on Wednesday , Gallas became the first French player to speak about the disastrous World Cup campaign , saying that "  the real problem is the coach . " "  Les Bleus " crashed out of the tournament in the first round after two draws and a defeat left them at the bottom of Group A with just one point . Forward Nicolas Anelka was sent home from the tournament after an argument with Domenech , causing the rest of the French side to strike from training . Domenech , as was decided before the competition began , has now been replaced by former World Cup winner Laurent Blanc . "  We all wanted to protest against the decision taken by the coach . Everyone was in agreement to boycott training , " the 34-year-old Gallas said . He also hinted that Anelka 's row with Domenech may not have been a one-off , as a lot of players found it difficult to build a relationship with the coach . "  Domenech was n't open . Lots of players could not talk to him . He said that he listened to us , but at the end of the day he took decisions alone , " said Gallas , who was given extra time to recover from injury by Domenech before being named in the 23-man squad for the finals . "  What we said did n't have any influence , so I no longer said anything . I listened and I did what he told me . " Gallas is still unhappy that he was overlooked by Domenech when Patrice Evra was named captain of France . "  The hardest thing was the way that it happened . Domenech never told me , " said Gallas , who was vice-captain under former skipper Thierry Henry . "  I learnt by accident before the match against Costa Rica that the captain was Evra . I saw that the armband was on his shirt . " Gallas is searching for a club now that his contract with English Premier League side Arsenal has expired . On Wednesday , Arsenal signed French defender Laurent Koscielny from Lorient on a long-term contract for an undisclosed fee . "  He has shown he is mentally strong , he 's a fighter and a very strong competitor . Koscielny is a great addition to our squad , " manager Arsene Wenger said in a statement on the club 's official website . Meanwhile , 1998 World Cup winner Patrick Vieira has confirmed that he no longer wants to play for France . The midfielder will instead concentrate on his career at English club Manchester City . "  My target in the next few years is City . I want to do my best for the club , " Vieira told the club 's official website on Wednesday . The 34-year-old made his first appearance for Les Bleus 13 years ago and has more than 100 caps , but was controversially left out of France 's World Cup squad by Domenech .	Gallas pins blame for disastrous French World Cup campaign on former coach Domenech Defender was interviewed in French culture magazine Les Inrockuptibles He says French players found it hard to build a relationship with the coach French midfielder Patrick Vieira plans to retire from international football
CNN  -- As many as 400 children have died of lead poisoning-related illnesses in Nigeria since March , two international aid groups say , and as many as 30,000 people could be affected by lead contamination . The deaths occurred predominantly in children under the age of 5 in the state of Zamfara , according to Lauren Cooney , the emergency manager for Medecins Sans Frontieres . The group is also known by its English name , Doctors without Borders . Cooney told CNN Tuesday that the death toll may be even higher , but said the numbers should n't mask the crisis . "  Rather than focus on specific death toll numbers , because those often are very difficult to obtain , the international community should focus on the harsh reality in Nigeria : It is very clear that a serious and significant number of children have died due to lead poisoning , " she said . A study conducted by the World Health Organization and the Health Ministry of Zamfara State "  identified 180 villages where children may have been poisoned by lead , which means that up to 30,000 people could be affected , " said a statement Friday from the United Nations ' Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs . The report on child deaths comes a few months after the Nigerian government announced in early June the deaths of more than 160 Nigerians , including scores of children , of lead poisoning due to illegal gold mining . "  The lead poisoning is a consequence of villagers practicing small-scale gold extraction from lead-containing ore . The processing of the ore involves crushing and drying , often inside the homes of villagers , resulting in the contamination of soil , " Doctors without Borders explained in a statement . Since June , Nigerian health officials have cooperated with the World Health Organization to clean up the affected areas . Since the process began , two out the seven villages known to be affected have been decontaminated , Cooney said . "  We already started in June treating patients . We are focusing on treatment of children under 5 but the most important thing is the remediation , or clean-up , so the exposure can stop , " she added . Remediation is a lengthy process that requires removing all the contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soil . The process was stopped in the month of August due to the beginning of the rainy season but it started up again a few weeks ago . Efforts to clean up contaminated areas are being hampered by the reluctance of villagers to report potential lead exposure , for fear the Nigerian government will prohibit the informal gold mining , OCHA said . Doctors without Borders says it 's still treating hundreds of lead-poisoning cases in Zamfara , but the group warned that the treatment is only effective if patients do not return to contaminated sites .	Doctors Without Borders says the death toll may be even higher The contamination comes from villagers ' attempts to extract gold from ore The clean-up involves removing contaminated soil and replacing it with clean soil
Washington  CNN  Ted Cruz is back in his favorite place : the spotlight . As the first candidate to quit the charade of "  exploring " a presidential run and actually jumping in , the Texas Republican senator presented an image Monday of decisiveness and vision -- all before an auditorium of mostly supportive young evangelicals . Now comes the hard part . Cruz must make inroads with wide swaths of the GOP if he hopes to break through as a top-tier candidate . He does n't have many friends in the party establishment thanks to his hard-line tactics on issues like Obamacare . And he 's facing steep competition for the conservative vote from the likes of Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker . Even evangelicals , Cruz 's target audience during his launch speech at Liberty University , are n't firmly in his column . The firebrand 's decision to jump-start the 2016 election season now is an implicit admission of the daunting challenges he will face in a crowded GOP field where multiple Republicans will vie for the same social and evangelical support base . "  Ted is clearly a player , " said Tony Perkins , president of the Family Research Council , a Christian public policy ministry . "  But the competition this cycle is very steep . " By choosing Liberty University in Virginia , which was founded by fundamentalist preacher Jerry Falwell , to roll out his long shot campaign , Cruz made clear he wo n't cede the Christian right to another candidate . "  From the dawn of this country , at every stage , America has enjoyed God 's providential blessing , " said Cruz , roaming the stage with a microphone like a megachurch preacher on a Sunday morning . "  Over and over again , when we faced impossible odds , the American people rose to the challenge . You know , compared to that , repealing Obamacare and abolishing the IRS ai n't all that tough . " Liberty offered Cruz a ready-made crowd : young evangelicals in a vast auditorium who had little choice but to pack the stands , because the announcement came during their compulsory weekly convocation . This is exactly the kind of coalition of youthful Christian idealists Cruz must win over and get to work in early voting states if his presidential hopes are to catch fire . But Cruz wo n't have this political territory all to himself . Several students sat in the audience within view of the cameras wearing red T-shirts emblazoned with "  Rand , " referring to Kentucky Sen. Rand Paul , who is also likely to make a play for young conservatives . Meanwhile , Walker , with his governing record and history of facing down a recall and trade unions , seems to have eclipsed Cruz in the minds of many conservatives who are desperate to take back the White House . "  When the grass roots look at a guy like Scott Walker -- he can not only bridge the divide , we believe , in the Republican Party , but he might be the one who can bridge the divide like he did in Wisconsin , " said Jennifer Stefano , a Pennsylvania tea party activist . "  That 's what I think is dominating Ted Cruz -- he has not made as many headlines as in 2013 , as when he tried to stop and defund Obamacare . " Cruz must also face off against Paul , former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee , former Pennsylvania Sen. Rick Santorum and Dr. Ben Carson to win evangelicals -- a tough task . "  It 's a crowded field to begin with and it 's almost as if , within the Republican contest , there are some early sub-primaries : Who is going to be the establishment candidate ? Who is going to be the social conservative candidate ? " said David Yepsen , who was for years the dean of Iowa caucus reporters from his perch at the Des Moines Register . Meanwhile , a CNN/ORC International Poll last week put Cruz as the choice of 4 % of likely Republican voters . So if he seems unlikely to win , why would Cruz get in -- and so early ? Paradoxically , the size of the task facing Cruz and the tempered expectations for his bid may also mean that the risks that often weigh against a presidential candidacy -- the potential damage to a political career that can be caused by a poorly run campaign -- may not apply . Perkins said he had been assured by Cruz personally that he believes he can create a path to the nomination -- and ultimately the presidency -- despite the fact that he would be taking aim at the White House with the almost unanimous disapproval of the Republican establishment . Announcing now could give Cruz more time to test messages beyond those tailored for evangelicals . He used his speech Monday to also slam Common Core education standards and immigration reform , areas where establishment GOP favorite Jeb Bush is perceived to be vulnerable . He also joined the hawkish Republican barrage on foreign policy , slamming President Barack Obama over his row with Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his record on Iran and combating "  radical Islamic terrorism . " But should he fall short in his 2016 bid , a successful campaign that positions Cruz as the leader of the evangelical right would certainly boost his political brand and position him for a future presidential run . And at only age 44 , there 's plenty of time for that . His Texas Senate seat , meanwhile , seems to be his as long as he wants it . He does n't have to run for re-election until 2018 , so a presidential bid would n't get in the way of the day job . So in a sense , Cruz may not have that much to lose . Another reason to get in early is Iowa . The state is going to be crucial for Cruz 's hopes because it is the most fertile early voting territory for his chosen campaign path . A win in the first-in-the-nation caucus could crown Cruz as the undisputed champion of the social and evangelical conservative wing of the party . But he is going to be facing proven Iowa campaigners . Huckabee won the state in 2008 and Santorum won a recount over the eventual GOP nominee , Mitt Romney , in 2012 . Both have substantial networks of support and , crucially , know many caucus voters personally in a state where the personal touch counts for everything . "  I think Cruz has generated some excitement in Iowa , and he is a new face , " said Yepsen . "  But it is going to be a while before he closes the sale with a lot of activists . " An added bonus for Cruz getting in now : The early bird gets the best coverage . In a matter of weeks , Republican presidential announcements from the massive GOP field will draw little more than a shrug , so getting out ahead of expected announcements from Paul and Florida Sen. Marco Rubio could be a good idea . When Democrat Hillary Clinton makes her official plunge into the 2016 race , any Republican candidate may struggle to dominate media coverage for several weeks . Monday also happened to be the fifth anniversary of the day Obamacare was signed into law . Because Cruz has spent endless hours trying to overturn it -- winning the appreciation of conservative activists in the process -- Monday was a good moment to highlight the point . Then there is money . Cruz , unlike some other potential Republican candidates , may have to work extra hard to raise the campaign funds he needs to mount a viable campaign . His early announcement gives him time for a post-announcement spurt before the next quarterly fundraising figures close at the end of the month , and a full three months to put up an impressive number in the next quarter .	Ted Cruz 's decision to jump-start the 2016 election season is an implicit admission of the challenges he faces Cruz will fight a bevy of other candidates for the votes of the Christian right
CNN  -- Journalism is not as black and white as most people would like to believe . We ought to be able to see all shades of grey between the fresh revelations of email hacking by a Sky News reporter , the News International phone hacking scandal and other examples of journalists breaking the law to obtain stories . The Guardian revealed last week that Sky News reporter Gerard Tubb illegally accessed emails from the personal account of John Darwin , also known as "  canoe man " , who , in 2007 , pleaded guilty to faking his own death . Darwin 's wife , Anne , was due to stand trial for deception in 2008 , but the reporter had collected a sufficient amount of emails , he believed , to crush her defense at trial . The hacking was authorized by Simon Cole , managing editor of Sky News , who stepped down from his position on the same day the Guardian story was published . Emails were given to Cleveland police , used in the successful prosecution and , according to Sky News , "  pivotal to the case " . Cole has since then tweeted he had been planning to retire for "  some time " and the decision was unrelated to the hacking revelations . Sky News claimed the interception of emails was "  justified and in the public interest " and "  subject to the proper editorial controls " . Those are the two key aspects that seem to separate this instance from two others : the phone hacking scandal and the outing of the Night Jack blogger by The Times . Richard Horton , a detective constable at Lancashire police , won the Orwell Prize in 2009 for his anonymous blog Night Jack , about life in the police force . His identity was then exposed against his wishes by reporter Patrick Foster , from The Times . The discovery of his identity was revealed in February this year to have been made via the hacking of his email account . Unlike the outing of Horton , the hacking carried out by Sky News seems to have been a carefully considered decision by a senior executive as to whether it was in the public interest to commit a prima facie breach of the Computer Misuse Act . It was most likely a calculated risk , taken with the understanding that the Act itself offers no public interest defense and that both Sky News and the reporter would be liable to criminal charges and subject to the discretion of the Crown Prosecution Service not to prosecute . In the Night Jack case , a reporter made the decision to intercept Horton 's emails without telling his editors and therefore without subjecting his decision to "  proper editorial controls " . If the Computer Misuse Act did offer such defense , the public interest in obtaining information via interception of emails would still have to be weighed by the courts . But Sky News , for instance , would have been able to explain to the public more confidently , from the outset , how the story came to light . I would say this is what we want from journalism -- transparency , responsibility and governance . This may seem a paradox , but that 's what we want from newspapers and journalists even when they break the law . And despite having indisputably broken the law , the process Sky News seems to have undergone to break this story is a far cry from the industrial-scale criminality carried out and admitted to by News International . What we have found out so far about phone hacking is that during a period of at least two years , hundreds of individuals had their details collected by a private investigator at the request of journalists . Deputy Assistant Commissioner Sue Akers , head of Operation Weeting - the police investigation into phone hacking - told the Leveson Inquiry into the culture , practices and ethics of the British press , that 581 "  likely " victims of phone hacking were contacted by police ; 231 were uncontactable and 17 were not contacted for operational reasons . Subsequent to having their details collected , those individuals had their voicemail messages intercepted , listened to and used for an array of stories no one has been able to prove as yet were in the public interest . In fact , the majority of cases we have seen so far , if not all , involved obtaining information to write and publish stories about people 's private lives with no good , justifiable reason . There is a fundamental difference between using a private investigator at any given time to turn around a story on tittle-tattle , or to fish for stories and monitor people 's lives , and to make a careful , considered decision to carry out a breach of the law in order to expose wrongdoing . No one here is advocating a free for all or trying to make it easier for journalists to act like criminals . But if journalists can speak openly about the sourcing of stories , then everybody wins . Accountability is increased , journalists feel more confident to be transparent about their actions and to pursue genuine stories , and sheer criminality can be more easily identified . In my view , the Computer Misuse Act , Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act , Official Secrets Act  mainly for protection of sources  , should all provide a public interest defense for the protection of journalists and real journalism . The Reynolds defense for libel , which is always tested in court , should also be improved . Martin Moore , director of the Media Standards Trust , and Brian Cathcart , Professor of Journalism at Kingston University , decided to launch the Hacked Off campaign because it was becoming increasingly clear that phone hacking carried out by the News of The World was more widespread than News International and the Metropolitan Police cared to let us know . The campaign , supported by actors Hugh Grant and Steve Coogan , and several other victims of phone hacking and other abuses by the press , pushed and continues to push for criminality to be exposed , but we have always made absolutely clear that genuine , responsible journalism , carried out in the best interest of the public , should be protected . We will , however , continue to condemn fishing expeditions and industrial scale data-mining and hacking , which are clearly criminal and unjustifiable .	British journalist argues for public interest defense in some cases of hacking There is key difference between peddling gossip and exposing wrongdoing On rare occasions , journalists could be justified in monitoring emails , phones , she argues
CNN  -- Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan announced Sunday he was heading to Iran to join nuclear talks in Tehran involving Brazilian President Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva and Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad . The meeting in Tehran sought to reach a breakthrough in the showdown over Iran 's nuclear program , according to Erdogan . The last-minute trip followed a "  signal " from the talks , which are intended to resolve the dispute over Iran 's nuclear energy program , Erdogan told reporters before departing . Erdogan indicated the signal involved Iran 's agreement to swap its low-enriched uranium for nuclear fuel , CNN Turk reported . Erdogan said he hoped an agreement in Tehran would stop the U.N. Security Council from its negotiations on tougher sanctions on Iran . "  The Security Council was contemplating a step in the direction of sanctions as of yesterday , " Erdogan said . "  As a part of our talks , this has been postponed . Now with this step we are going to take , I hope that we will have the opportunity to overcome these problems . " Iran 's official Islamic Republic News Agency made no mention of the nuclear issue in reporting earlier that Lula was sitting down with Ahmadinejad . But French President Nicolas Sarkozy and President Dmitry Medvedev of Russia both have said they back Lula 's efforts to resolve the long-running , high-stakes stalemate . "  This could be the last chance before the U.N. Security Council makes the already known decisions , " Medvedev said , referring to the U.N. decision on imposing sanctions against Iran . Sarkozy said earlier that he had spoken with Lula by phone to assure him that Paris supports his efforts to resolve the impasse . The United States and many other countries believe that Iran intends to develop nuclear weapons . Iran says its nuclear program is for peaceful purposes . On Saturday , Turkish Foreign Minister Ahmet Davutoglu left for Tehran to join the Iran-Brazil talks . Erdogan said Sunday the anticipated signal from Iran was received and he was changing his schedule to travel to Tehran , postponing a planned visit to Azerbaijan . Erdogan 's statement indicated an agreement in which Iran would send most of its low-enriched uranium to be turned into fuel rods suitable for Turkey 's nuclear power reactor that makes medical isotopes . "  After our high-level meeting in Tehran , I believe we will have the opportunity to start the process regarding the swap , " Erdogan said . "  We said that we will go to Tehran if the swap takes place in Turkey , and we received news that the text includes a reference to this . That 's why we are going . Otherwise we would n't have gone . " Turkey and Brazil have been working on a joint offer based on the nuclear swap deal offered previously to Tehran . Both countries are temporary members of the U.N. Security Council and have been working toward a diplomatic solution that does not involve sanctions . Lula is in Iran ahead of the Group of 15 developing nations meeting in Tehran . The group actually has 17 members -- Algeria , Argentina , Brazil , Chile , Egypt , India , Indonesia , Iran , Jamaica , Kenya , Malaysia , Mexico , Nigeria , Senegal , Sri Lanka , Venezuela and Zimbabwe . Lula also met separately with Iranian Supreme Leader Ali Khamenei on his trip , according to Iranian media reports . State-run Press TV reported Khameini emphasized to Lula the need for relations between independent states such as Brazil and Iran in order to reduce the influence of superpowers such as the United States . "  The only way to change the oppressive relations in the world today is through the formation of closer ties between independent states , " Khameini said , according to Press TV . "  Superpowers have defined vertical relations in the world which places a superpower at the top . These relations must be changed and their change is possible . "	NEW : Tayyip Erdogan says deal possible on nuclear fuel swap with Iran Russian President Medvedev says talks are "  last chance " to resolve nuclear issue U.N. Security Council decision imminent on possible sanctions against Iran Lula in Iran ahead of Group of 15 developing nations meeting in Tehran
CNN  -- Jose Mourinho , the self-appointed "  Special One " , was the man charged with winning the European Champions League and finally recognizing the dream of "  La Decima . " Instead , should he leave this summer , his epitaph will read "  decimated " . Just minutes after watching his Real Madrid blow its chance of an unprecedented tenth triumph in Europe 's elite competition Tuesday , Mourinho was already busy plotting his escape route from the Spanish capital following his fifth semifinal defeat in seven attempts . "  I want to be where people love me to be , " he told ITV immediately after the game . Just quite how much love there is in Madrid for Mourinho is open for debate , but his side 's 2-0 victory was not enough to earn him the opportunity to become the first man to win the competition with three different clubs . Last week 's humiliating 4-1 defeat in Dortmund left Real with an uphill struggle and despite late goals from Karim Benzema and Sergio Ramos , it failed to take advantage of the number of glorious chances which came its way . Now , all eyes are on Mourinho , with former employers Chelsea just one of several high profile clubs likely to be interested in employing the Portuguese coach . But the 50-year-old , who left Stamford Bridge in September 2007 in acrimonious circumstances , insists he will wait until the end of the season before making a decision . Real sits 11 points behind league leader and arch rival Barcelona in the title race , while it faces city neighbor Atletico Madrid in the final of the Copa del Rey , the country 's top domestic cup competition . "  I did n't make a decision because I have a contract and more than that , because in football people break contracts when they want to , is the respect I have for the club and the president , " he told a press conference . "  It 's why I want to play the -LSB- Copa del Rey -RSB- final and win the cup and finish second in the league . I want to sit with my president , my friend , and decide the best for me . " Last year 's league title win seems a long time ago now . Mourinho 's reign has been tempestuous from the very moment he arrived in May 2010 . Style of play which has frustrated supporters , a falling out club captain Iker Casillas and a constant war of words with the Spanish media has not helped his case . "  I know in England I am loved by the fans , the media they treat me in a fair way , " he explained to reporters . "  I know I am loved by some clubs , especially one . In Spain the situation is a bit different because some people hate me . "  Many of you are in this room . It 's difficult to make a decision because I like the club and we made a fantastic team that is ready to do big things . "  I need to be honest and fair . At the end of the season I will speak . " Mourinho 's mood may have been different had Real profited from the number of opportunities gifted to it by a youthful and inexperienced Dortmund side . Robert Lewandowski 's four-goal salvo in Germany last week had given the visiting side a cushion of comfort heading into the encounter . But manager Jurgen Klopp was left sweating on the touchlines as his players held on to amidst a barrage of pressure from the home side . "  It is n't too hard to reveal what I thought during those last 10 minutes : if God wished it then we would qualify for the final , " he told a press conference . "  But it has to be said that it was a crazy match , from start to finish . " Trailing 4-1 from the first leg , Real needed a fast start and it almost got one when Gonzalo Higuain ran through on goal only to shoot straight at Dortmund keeper Roman Weidenfeller . Dortmund , which was forced into an early change following an injury to influential playmaker Mario Goetze , appeared nervous as Real continued to pile on the pressure . Those nerves should have been increased when Mesut Ozil escaped the Dortmund defense , but fired his effort wide of the post with just the goalkeeper to beat . Ronaldo was next to go close , this time sending a close range volley straight against Weidenfeller when he looked certain to score . With the home side consistently failing to take its chances , Dortmund began to grown in stature and Jakub Blaszczykowski should have done better after meeting Lukasz Piszczek 's cutback . Dortmund , which drew 2-2 in Madrid during the group stage of the competition , continued to create opportunities after the break and Lewandowski fired over when well placed . The Polish striker should have given his side the lead on the night just minutes later when he burst clear of the Real defense , but his thunderous effort cannoned against the crossbar and bounced down to safety . The German side then went close again when Ilkay Gundogan 's close-range effort forced Diego Lopez into a stunning save to keep the scores level . Mourinho threw on Kaka and Benzema to try and inspire Real and the pair gave the home side a fresh impetus going forward . Twice Angel Di Maria went close before Real finally made the breakthrough with eight minutes remaining . After watching Lewandowski go close at the other end , the home side broke at pace and Benzema swept the ball past Weidenfeller after connecting with Ozil 's pass . Benzema then set up Ramos six minutes later to leave Real within touching distance , but that elusive goal just would n't come . "  It 's a shame , " Ramos told reporters . "  Sometimes you lose , that is football . "  In Dortmund we should have played the way we did tonight . We feel for the fans . It 's a shame to have been so close but the missed chances in the first half were costly . " For Mourinho , the tie was lost on German soil a week ago , a result which condemned Real to becoming the first team to suffer three consecutive semifinal defeats . He told ITV : "  In football you win or you lose . I think we could have won . They had a couple of big chances but that was a consequence of the way we were playing late on where we risked everything . "  Today we were a team with character and desire and we could have done it . "  I do n't forget the first match , we were very bad and we were punished because of the result of the first leg . " The prospect of an all-German final now looms large with Bayern Munich taking a 4-0 lead to the Camp Nou to face Barcelona Wednesday . But while Bayern still has work to do , Dortmund can now relax in the knowledge they have booked a dream date with destiny , despite suffering a first defeat of the competition . "  We knew if they scored a goal in the first half , the crowd would get euphoric and loud , " Mats Hummels told ITV . "  We had the game under control but with the goal the whole game changed - like the game against Malaga . "  It 's unbelievable ; something everyone in the team dreamed of since being an child . Some of us are still children . We are looking forward to Wembley . "	Borussia Dortmund is through to the Champions League final at Wembley German side beaten 2-0 on the night but go through 4-3 on aggregate Karim Benzema and Sergio Ramos were on target for Spanish champions Dortmund will face either Bayern Munich or Barcelona in its first final since 1997
CNN  Robert Downey Jr. is making headlines for walking out of an interview with a British journalist who dared to veer away from the superhero movie Downey was there to promote . The journalist instead started asking personal questions about the actor 's political beliefs and "  dark periods " of addiction and jail time . Twitter , of course , is abuzz : Did journalist Krishnan Guru-Murthy go too far ? Must every interview be a license for a journalist to ask anything he 'd like ? From the start of the 7-minute television interview , it seems evident that Downey is not particularly interested in being there , even if being there was , ultimately , a benefit to him -- after all , he 's promoting his latest film , "  Avengers : Age of Ultron . " He grows increasingly agitated , even as the line of questioning remains on-topic ; his attitude , meanwhile , grew increasingly smug . His eyes glaze over as the reporter talks , he makes condescending comments and gestures that seem intended to intimidate and imply he 's much smarter than Guru-Murthy , and he repeatedly looks toward his handler as if to say , "  Do I really have to sit here with this guy ? " At one point , he makes fun of Guru-Murthy for seeming nervous , saying , "  Your foot is starting to jump a little bit . You better get to your next question . " But it 's after Guru-Murthy asks Downey whether he thinks he is "  free from all of that , " referring to Downey 's history of "  taking drugs , drinking " that the building tension comes to a head . "  I 'm sorry , " says Downey , "  What are we doing ? " To which Guru-Murthy replies , "  I 'm just asking questions , " which indeed was so . Downey has the right to refuse to answer the question , of course , but that 's not what he does next . Instead , he throws the celebrity interview equivalent of a tantrum : He smiles arrogantly , says "  bye ! " and stands up to leave . He sure showed him ! It 's true that we live in a culture where we feel we have the right to know everything about celebrities -- who they 're dating , what they 're eating , where they vacation , what they meant when they made that comment 10 years ago . Journalists often go too far , even if it 's their job . And certainly not every journalist is good at his job . But while Downey may be understandably tired of answering questions about his past , questions that have been asked before , his business is our business . The entertainment industry is about entertaining people . As such , we tend to like to watch actors who seem like they want to be watched . This is why most celebrities , especially those with a big budget movie to promote , agree to interviews and seek out recognition in general . But when the recognition no longer serves them ? Then they want to bemoan it ? What Downey seemed to misunderstand is that the interview format gives journalists the right to ask questions . That 's what an interview is . He certainly can decline to answer questions he does not feel are appropriate , or even ones he simply does n't feel like answering . But he does not have the right to be absolved for behavior that is rude , demeaning , and disrespectful -- even if he 's a celebrity , and even if he felt uncomfortable or put-off . What the video shows is a movie star with a bullying streak . After he removes his microphone and his handlers begin hustling him out with kid gloves , the actor can not resist a parting shot . He turns to the reporter , being sure to look directly at the camera on the way , and says , "  You seem okay . It 's just getting a little Diane Sawyer in here , " followed by what sounds like , "  and you 're kind of a schmuck . " Downey might not have been "  in the mood " to be questioned ... and those days , those moods , are understandable . We all have them . And yet in this case , that 's , well , too bad . The actor has agreed to an interview as part of his job . He has agreed to engage in a conversation with another professional human being . Given the terms , he is not entitled to call all the shots . That he thinks he can is perhaps our own , celebrity-obsessed doing -- we revere the famous ; is it any surprise when they reveal that they , too , regard themselves as better than everyone else ? But it 's still on him .	Peggy Drexler : In interview to promote movie , Robert Downey Jr. walked out after being asked personal questions She says his behavior was rude , demeaning to the interviewer , who was just doing his job
CNN  -- For those out there worried that our nation 's stern gun laws were keeping firearms out of the hands of too many people , the solution appears to have arrived : the printable gun . Produced by a nonprofit organization called Defense Distributed , this small plastic gun , dubbed the "  Liberator , " has been tested and is able to fire a bullet in a video demo . Assuming this is no crazy hoax , the ramifications of such a weapon for gun control are potentially profound . I ca n't imagine that too many people with rational minds think printable guns will add to the serenity of the world . Granted , 3-D printers are n't yet a household item , but as technology improves and becomes less expensive , they may become common . Although the "  Liberator " appears unreliable , tending to fragment after a few shots , subsequent models will likely improve . Either way , it 's a workable and untraceable gun . Open source guru Eric Raymond has said , "  I approve of any development that makes it more difficult for governments and criminals to monopolize the use of force . " The development of the printable gun seems to be particularly popular with the ultra-libertarian crowd . The founder of Defense Distributed apparently describes himself as a crypto-anarchist . It 's difficult to envision a situation in which a law-abiding homeowner prints a gun for self-defense . Sure , a few people may print the darn things for the novelty of it . But the printable gun , assuming it moves forward unregulated , would be the obvious realm of the criminal . Ca n't pass a background check ? No need to take your chances , such as they are , at a gun show anymore . Just print out your weapon from home ! As only the firing pin is metal  a household nail  , I can only imagine the nightmare of trying to detect these things . Most homicides are impulsive , not the cold calculated affairs of Agatha Christie novels . Would enraged individuals without a gun be able to print one of these in response to some perceived slight ? Yes , they 'd have to go buy a bullet  and a nail  , but it 's still a way around a background check . This scenario seems foolish only because it 's already so easy to get a real gun . There are approximately 300 million guns in the United States . If we want to reduce the number of homicides  or suicides for that matter  , making it difficult to get immediate access to guns can help reduce impulsive behaviors . Allowing people to print their own gun is just the opposite . Beyond a doubt , calmer heads will want to regulate these things . I 'm not a lawyer , but I suspect this is one example in which technology may have raced ahead of the law . Is Defense Distributed selling guns or information ? Is this a gun control issue or a First Amendment issue ? Can the printers be regulated to refuse to print weapons , or could new designs simply circumvent existing prohibited products ? Sen. Chuck Schumer , D-New York , has expressed interest in legislation to block printable guns , so we 'll see where it leads . As he puts it , "  We 're facing a situation where anyone -- a felon , a terrorist -- can open a gun factory in their garage and the weapons they make will be undetectable . It 's stomach-churning . " It seems that way . Do n't get me wrong . I 'm probably about as neutral as anyone can be on the issue of gun control . I believe law abiding citizens have constitutional rights to own weapons . But at the same time I believe in reasonable safeguards to make sure access to firearms is limited from criminals and those with chronic mental illnesses . In this sense , to me , printable guns are a step in the wrong direction . Granted , the actual impact of printable guns on societal violence is obviously unknown . Perhaps they 'll remain so unreliable or difficult to assemble from the individual pieces that the impact will be negligible . Or perhaps not . Some have described Defense Distributed 's efforts as a kind of political performance art . Very funny , Defense Distributed . We get it . I just hope we do n't regret it . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Christopher J. Ferguson .	A group used 3-D printer to make a plastic handgun that can fire a real bullet Christopher Ferguson : The ramifications of such a weapon are potentially profound He says if a criminal ca n't pass a background check , he can just print his own gun at home Ferguson : How will government regulate these workable and untraceable guns ?
CNN  Saudi and allied warplanes struck rebels in Yemen on Thursday , with Saudi Arabia threatening to send ground troops and inserting itself into its southern neighbor 's civil war , potentially opening up a broader sectarian conflict in the Middle East . The swift and sudden action involved 100 Saudi jets , 30 from the United Arab Emirates , 15 each from Kuwait and Bahrain , 10 from Qatar , and a handful from Jordan , Morocco and Sudan , plus naval help from Pakistan and Egypt , according to a Saudi adviser . The Egyptian state news agency on Thursday quoted Egypt 's Foreign Ministry as saying Egypt 's support also could involve ground forces . What do those countries have in common ? They 're all predominantly Sunni Muslim -- in contrast to the Houthi rebels , Shiite Muslims who have taken over Yemen 's capital of Sanaa and on Wednesday captured parts of its second-largest city , Aden . The Saudis consider the Houthis proxies for the Shiite government of Iran and fear another Shiite-dominated state in the region . "  What they do not want is an Iranian-run state on their southern border , " CNN military analyst Lt. Col. Rick Francona said of the Saudis . The airstrikes did not include warplanes from the United States , which has worked with Yemeni governments -- including that of recently deposed but still battling President Abdu Rabu Mansour Hadi -- to go after al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . In fact , a senior official in President Barack Obama 's administration said "  there will be no military intervention by the U.S. " But U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry on Thursday did tell foreign ministers from Saudi Arabia , the UAE , Qatar , Kuwait , Bahrain and Oman that the United States commends the military action and is supporting it through intelligence sharing , targeting assistance and logistical support , according to a senior State Department official . How did Yemen get to this place ? Houthi supreme leader Abdul Malik al-Houthi spoke live Thursday night in Yemen on al-Masirah TV , saying , "  If any army try to invade our country , we will prove that Yemen will be a grave for those who invade us . " He added , "  We call on the invaders to stop the attacks and if the airstrikes do not end then we will escalate in the needed manner . " Iran denounced the military intervention . Marzieh Afkham , a spokeswoman for the country 's Foreign Ministry , said the operation will throw an already complicated situation into further turmoil and disrupt chances at a peaceful resolution to Yemen 's monthslong internal strife . It also wo n't help a region already facing terrorist threats from groups like ISIS and al Qaeda , she said . "  This is a dangerous action against international responsibilities to respect countries ' national sovereignty , " Afkham said , according to a report in Iran 's state-run Islamic Republic News Agency . Iraq -- 60 % of whose citizens are Shiite , with about 20 % being Sunnis -- offered similar , albeit a bit more muted opposition to what its Foreign Ministry called "  the military interference of the Gulf Cooperation Council , " which is made up of Bahrain , Kuwait , Oman , Qatar , Saudi Arabia and the UAE . "  We call on the Arab states to live up to their role to support national dialogue  that includes  all political forces to find a political solution for the crisis , " the Iraqi ministry said . The Houthis are a minority group that has emerged as the most powerful player in Yemen . In addition to airstrikes , the Saudi adviser said 150,000 troops could take part in an operation in Yemen . Just a day in , the coalition airstrikes are already costing the Houthis . Hundreds of explosions ripped through Sanaa overnight , said journalist Hakim Almasmari , who is staying in the capital . The Health Ministry reported 18 dead and 24 wounded in Sanaa , the Houthi-run Saba news agency said . While Sanaa was a focus -- airstrikes destroyed the Houthis ' combat and control operations there , the Saudi adviser said -- it was n't the only place struck . Compounds and military installations in Saada and Taiz also were targeted . By Thursday afternoon , the Saudis controlled Yemeni airspace , the adviser said , and the military threatened to destroy any naval ships trying to enter Yemeni ports . The military operation , dubbed al-Hazm Storm , was launched after the Houthis rebuffed an initiative by the Gulf Cooperation Council , Arab League chief Nabil al-Arabi said in a speech Thursday . It was done in accord with a joint Arab defense treaty , al-Arabi said . Specifically , the strikes aim to support Hadi , who was ousted in January after talks with the Houthis faltered , but still claims to be Yemen 's rightful leader . "  We are determined to protect the legitimate government of Yemen , " said Adel al-Jubeir , the Saudi ambassador to the United States , in announcing the beginning of the military campaign . "  Having Yemen fail can not be an option for us or for our coalition partners . " Why is Saudi Arabia bombing Yemen ? Jubeir told CNN 's "  The Situation Room With Wolf Blitzer " that Saudi Arabia was concerned that the Houthis had control over Yemen 's armed forces ballistic missiles and air force , and the fact that Iran backs the Houthis was troubling . "  This is really a war to defend the legitimate government of Yemen and protect the Yemeni people from takeover by a radical militant group aligned with Iran and Hezbollah , " he said . American military commanders said they did n't know about Saudi Arabia 's action until the last minute . "  We have been discussing this matter with the United States in principle for many months , " Jubeir said . "  We have been discussing this matter in more detail as the time approached and the final decision to take action did n't really happen until the last minute , because of circumstances in Yemen . " Egyptian Foreign Minister Sameh Shoukry on Thursday proposed a joint Arab military "  to deal with these challenges . " But at least one major player in Yemen besides the Houthis -- the General People 's Congress , which is the party of longtime leader Ali Abdullah Saleh -- thinks the Saudis and their partners should stay out . The GPC says the airstrikes have already led to civilian casualties . The best way to stop the bloodshed is to bring everyone to the negotiating table , the group said . "  The  party  expresses its rejection of the attack on the Republic of Yemen and the capital , Sanaa , considering what  is  happening is an internal affair , " the GPC said . " ... The General People 's Congress  calls on all parties  to return to and accelerate the completion of a national , historic agreement that ... maintains unity and democracy . " Meanwhile , the last person to be elected president of Yemen -- even if he was the only one on the ballot -- is out of the country and will soon be headed to Egypt to petition Arab officials , according to Yemeni officials . The location of Hadi had been a mystery for days , with conflicting reports about whether he 'd left Yemen and where he 'd gone . Saudi Arabia 's state news agency , SPA , reported that Hadi arrived Thursday in Riyadh , where he met with the Saudi defense minister and intelligence chief . But two Yemeni officials close to Hadi said that the deposed president is in Oman . They said that his next stop , on Friday , will be an Arab League summit in Sharm el-Sheikh , Egypt . Meanwhile , some 3,000 to 5,000 troops from the Saudi-led coalition are expected to reach Aden , the Yemeni city that was Hadi 's last known location , in the next three days , according to the officials . Their aim is to make that port city safe enough for Hadi to return after the Arab League summit . Whether the rest of Yemen will be secure at that point is another matter . Unfortunately , there has been little in the last few months to inspire optimism that peace is around the corner . Opinion : Why Yemen has come undone CNN 's Elise Labott , Becky Anderson , Nick Paton Walsh , Michael Pearson , Anas Hamdan , Salma Abdelaziz and Mustafa al-Arab contributed to this report .	Saudi ambassador says Iran is interfering in Yemen , other countries Saudi adviser says the coalition controls the country 's airspace Houthi leader says rebels will escalate response if airstrikes continue , make Yemen a grave for Saudis
President Barack Obama gave a historic speech on Friday . After months of revelations about the extraordinary surveillance capabilities of the U.S. government -- and the National Security Agency in particular -- the President promised to end the bulk collection of telephone records by the NSA and to put in place new safeguards for privacy protection of U.S. citizens and those outside the country . Let 's give Obama credit for signaling a new direction in the ongoing discussion over civil liberties and security . It is a good thing , one that should lead to greater freedom and security . Obama has stopped treating the Snowden revelations as a public relations issue and chose instead to pursue the hard work of reform and new protections . As Obama acknowledged , intelligence collection is necessary to a nation 's security , and to all countries in identifying threats . But at some point , programs become too vast , concerns about their direction arise , and changes must be made . Just because the government can do something with technology does not mean it should . Obama also announced the establishment of a public interest advocate at the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , the body that has authorized the vast surveillance program . The advocate will provide an opportunity for the judges to hear from someone opposed to the surveillance program . Only after hearing both sides of the argument will the judges make a decision . In addition , there are plans to improve oversight of National Security Letters -- a secretive process for obtaining access to business records about customers . "  NSLs " have become a favorite of the law enforcement community post-9 / 11 and have caused real concern among civil libertarians across the political spectrum . Obama said notification procedures would be established and there would be more openness . This is not as much as some had hoped , but still it goes further than was expected . Finally , Obama said he would create a new panel to assess the impact of "  Big Data " on personal privacy . The phrase may be cliché , but the problem is real . Increasingly data -- and also metadata -- reveal an extraordinary amount of personal information . We need a better approach , with technologists and legal scholars , and a deeper engagement from the White House and Congress , to make meaningful progress on this critical issue . Civil libertarians are welcoming Obama 's proposals . From the start , we had urged the end of the NSA telephone record program . We had also pushed for reforms to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , more oversight and accountability for government conduct , and a greater willingness to engage a meaningful debate on the impact that technology is having on privacy and freedom . For those outside the United States , the takeaway will be more mixed . Yes , it is good that the U.S. President has agreed to stop listening in on the calls of foreign allies , narrow the focus of the U.S. data collection overseas , and extend legal safeguards to non-U.S. citizens . But still , a larger problem remains for the United States . For many years the United States has pushed aggressively against efforts in other countries to update data protection laws and put in place new privacy safeguards . Washington spent the last several years assuring Europeans that its system of "  self-regulation " for the private sector coupled with "  vigorous oversight " of government surveillance provides meaningful protection . The documents released by Edward Snowden tell a very different story -- of insufficient oversight , private sector collaboration , and technologies of surveillance gone largely out of control . In some instances it was clear that the NSA was actually undermining standards necessary for Internet security . Several of the recently released court opinions also suggest that the NSA itself did not know what data it was collecting . It will not be easy to rein in these powers or to fully understand the consequences of the technologies the U.S. government has embraced . In other words , Obama has not said enough yet to assure those outside the United States that the NSA will not continue to monitor their activities . He also did not fully embrace the efforts under way in many countries to strengthen the right to privacy . A relevant historical reference for the President in the surveillance debate is the FBI monitoring of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. and U.S. opponents of the war in Vietnam . Today the reality is that the NSA gathers vast amounts of data on political leaders , private firms and human rights campaigners outside the United States . Obama will need to do much more to make clear that intelligence collection is not a blank check to conduct surveillance on other nations . Obama has several opportunities coming up to say more about what he will to do to protect privacy , widely viewed around the world as a fundamental human right . This year the State of the Union falls on January 28 , International Privacy Day , a day that marks the creation of the most well-known international framework for privacy protection . The United States should be the world 's leader on freedom , not surveillance .	Marc Rotenberg : President gave a historic speech about NSA reforms Rotenberg : Give Obama credit in signaling a new direction on civil liberties , security He says but Obama has not said enough yet to assure those outside the U.S. Rotenberg : The U.S. should be the world 's leader on freedom , not surveillance
Washington  CNN  -- A man who jumped the White House fence on Tuesday was apprehended by uniformed Secret Service officers who approached him with guns drawn . The incident was broadcast live on CNN 's "  John King USA " program , which was produced from the North Lawn of the White House on Tuesday night . After the man jumped the fence , armed officers ordered him to lie down and then handcuffed him before taking him into custody . A backpack thrown over the fence and lying on the ground nearby was being checked by security officers , who locked down the area as a precaution . The incident ended shortly after 9 p.m. ET when authorities issued an all-clear directive at the White House . There was no immediate information on whether the intruder had represented a security threat . According to the Secret Service , the detained man is James Dirk Crudup , 41 , who is homeless . He will be charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court because he previously had been ordered to stay away from the White House due to past incidents , the agency said .	NEW : All-clear given shortly after 9 p.m. The suspect will be charged with unlawful entry and contempt of court The Secret Service identifies the suspect as a homeless man Part of the incident is broadcast live on CNN 's "  John King USA " program
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Drug Enforcement Administration agents searched a Beverly Hills pharmacy Friday in connection with the investigation into the death of Michael Jackson , an agency spokesman said . Dr. Arnold Klein denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs . The agents executed a federal search warrant at the Mickey Fine Pharmacy and Grill , and were expected to seize pharmacy records , said DEA spokesman Jose Martinez . The pharmacy is in the same building as the office of Jackson 's dermatologist , Dr. Arnold Klein . Shortly before his death , Jackson visited the building several times to see Klein . The store remained open for business , giving journalists who chose to dine at its lunch counter an unusually close look at the searchers at work . Several DEA agents crowded behind the pharmacy counter , shuffling through paper documents , while pharmacy employees stood by to answer questions . Jackson had been sued by the pharmacy , which claimed the pop singer had not paid a $ 100,000 bill , but the dispute was later settled . On Wednesday , the Los Angeles County Coroner 's Office visited Klein 's office . "  We wanted some additional information and they provided it , " said Ed Winter , coroner 's spokesman . He said Klein 's staff and attorneys cooperated with the requests . The coroner 's office said more than a week ago that a "  thorough and comprehensive " report into the death of Michael Jackson is complete , but police have requested that it not yet be released because of the ongoing criminal investigation . The coroner 's office said it would abide by the request that "  the cause and manner of death remain confidential , " and referred all questions to Los Angeles police . The DEA search did not involve detectives from the Los Angeles Police Department , although Martinez said the federal agents would share their findings with them . Jackson 's June 25 death is also the focus of an investigation by Los Angeles police and the state attorney general 's office . Klein , who treated Jackson for decades , denied in a CNN interview last month that he had given Jackson dangerous drugs . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	Beverly Hills pharmacy is next door to Dr. Arnold Klein 's office DEA search in connection with Michael Jackson investigation Klein was Jackson 's dermatologist
Skift  -- American Airlines had the lowest number of on-time arrivals of any airline this September , according to the U.S. Department of Transportation 's Air Travel Consumer Report released Thursday . Only 58 percent of American flights arrived on time and 3.1 percent of its flights were canceled . Weather is the most common cause of delays for carriers . Factors within the airline 's control , such as maintenance and crew problems , are the second most common cause . In the case of American Airlines , factors within the airline 's control were the primary cause of the exorbitant delays . The bankrupt airline has had long , drawn-out negotiations with pilots over their contracts , and its relationship with maintenance and ground crews is strained because of layoffs and pay cuts . During the September delays , American management accused its pilots of intentionally delaying flights by calling out sick or writing up last-minute maintenance issues to protest new work and pay rules imposed by the airline . "  There is no sick out . The union does not condone it , " said Captain John S. Diacsuk , an American Airlines pilot who has flown for the airline for over 23 years.Â American announced earlier this week that it would attempt to make up for its poor performance this fall by offering double elite qualifying miles for any flight flown in November and December this year.Â Skift : Moving to Canada ? Read this first , disgruntled voters It was n't just about the pilots On September 30 , a flight from Boston to Miami was forced into an emergency landing at New York 's JFK airport when a row of seats became unbolted during flight . A second incident occurred the following Monday evening , prompting American to ground eight planes as it further investigates the cause of the safety issues . The FAA replied to an inquiry into the cause of the maintenance issue stating , "  preliminary information indicates that a row of three seats in the coach cabin apparently became loose . Three passengers were accommodated in other seats before the aircraft landed safely at JFK . " The FAA also previously announced in August that it was seeking up to $ 162 million in fines from American for safety violations and had placed American under close scrutiny following its declaration of bankruptcy last November . Skift : What Priceline 's $ 1.8 billion purchase of Kayak means Overall airline on-time arrivals improvedÂ Overall , U.S. airlines ' on-time arrival rates improved over August , but were lower than September of the previous year . The number of monthly consumer complaints varies in proportion to the number of on-time arrivals , proving delayed flights equal unhappy fliers . ExpressJet Airlines was second in line for the worst on-time performance with 81 percent of flights arriving on time , followed by United Airlines with 82 percent of on-time arrivals . On the other hand , 96.4 percent of Hawaiian Airlines flights arrived on time making it the most punctual domestic airline , followed by AirTran  90.9 percent  and Delta  89.7 percent  . & copy 2012 Skift , Inc. . All rights reserved .	Only 58 % of American Airlines flights were on-time in September Labor disputes and maintenance issues contributed to the steep performance drop Overall , U.S. airlines ' on-time rates improved over August , but dropped from September 2011
CNN  -- Here 's a brief history lesson for you . Three years ago , Google was where you turned to look up a recipe . To check your e-mail . To chat with your friends when you were supposed to be working . But in the tech equivalent of a blink of the eye , things today are much different . Throughout the last year , Google has released a string of incredible hardware products , not just a bunch of virtual services you use through another company 's device . Google really kicked it into gear in July 2012 with the Nexus 7 , its first-ever tablet , that was priced at just $ 199 . Reviewers went nuts . It was n't just a great tablet because it was so cheap , it was simply a great tablet . Even the iPad mini , which came out a few months later and sold for $ 130 more , was n't as good . Then came another string of winners : The Nexus 4 smartphone , which you can buy unlocked and without a contract for just $ 299 . The Chromebook Pixel , a beautiful laptop with a stunning high-resolution touchscreen . And more recently , the Chromecast , a dongle that plugs directly into your TV and lets you beam video from your Android device , iPhone or iPad . There 's also the Moto X , a new smartphone from Google-owned Motorola that 's one of the most accessible and easy to use Android phones I 've ever tested . And do n't forget Google Glass , the promising , Internet-connected eyewear that should hit the market next year . As Apple keeps its head down and works on iterative  but great  updates to its iPhone and iPad line , and as Microsoft struggles to find a way to make Windows 8 devices like its Surface tablet resonate with the public , Google is releasing some of the most interesting and innovative hardware we 've seen recently . As a high-level executive at a very large tech company recently told me , no company can hope to be successful these days unless it can offer an ecosystem of software , services , and great devices to run them all on . Yes , that 's the Apple model , but it 's a model that 's been proven to be a hit with consumers in the new mobile computing era . And Google , a company that most people still associate with Gmail and Web searches , has been crushing it in both respects . It 's always done well with the data , apps , and services part of things , but stringing all that together with affordable , high-quality hardware is a new and exciting trend for the company . In some ways , Google has done a better job at this than Apple . For example , unlike the Apple TV , which requires you to have an iPhone , iPad , or Mac to beam video , the new Chromecast will work with any major laptop , smartphone , or tablet no matter who makes it . And it does it all for a very reasonable $ 35 , or $ 64 less than Apple 's product . There 's massive potential here for Google to build TV-watching ecosystem built around the device . Apple may make great hardware , but it 's biggest challenge is still making reliable software and services .  Remember the Apple Maps debacle from last year ?  Meanwhile , Google is already a pro at such services , and it 's packaging them along with great devices that are affordable and appeal to average users , not just the tech elite . To endure in the cutthroat tech world , a company ca n't just rely on doing one thing well . It has to push forward , experiment , and get messy . In the last year , Google has proved it can do all that -- and make some quality gadgets at the same time . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Steve Kovach . Copyright © 2011 Business Insider .	Google , known historically for its Web products , is now making popular gadgets Over the last year , Google has released a string of incredible hardware products The Chromebook Pixel laptop and Chromecast TV-streaming device are big hits To endure in the tech world , a company ca n't just rely on doing one thing well
CNN  -- Toronto police made a gruesome discovery Wednesday when they opened a suitcase that two boaters on Lake Ontario had towed back to shore . Inside was a badly decomposed human torso , its gender unknown . Investigators are in touch with two other police departments investigating the recent discovery of body parts in their jurisdictions , said Toronto Det. Leslie Dunkley . "  It is a very serious case and a very serious incident and we are going to do our best to get to the bottom of it , " Dunkley told reporters Wednesday afternoon . The floating suitcase was spotted 1.5 miles offshore and was brought to Bluffer 's Park , police said . A post-mortem examination is scheduled for Thursday . Authorities have been investigating the death of Guang Hua Liu , whose body parts were found in mid-August in several places . The investigation began along the Credit River in Mississauga , west of Toronto . Liu 's torso is still missing . CNN affiliate CTV said Liu , 41 , was a Canadian citizen of Chinese descent who once owned a spa in Toronto . She lived in Scarborough and was the single mother of three . Peel Regional Police , near Toronto , last week said an arrest was made in Liu 's death . Wednesday 's discovery of the suitcase came one week after a woman 's torso was found in the Canadian portion of the Niagara River . Niagara Regional Police said the unidentified white woman , likely in her mid-20s to early 40s , was a homicide victim . The torso was recovered near the Rainbow Bridge close to Niagara Falls . The Niagara River case is not related to Liu 's death , police have said . The Niagara River connects Lake Erie and Lake Ontario . Police try to ID dismembered body found in Niagara River	Police in touch with other departments Torso of Toronto-area woman is missing Boaters on Lake Ontario in Canada bring a suitcase to shore The suitcase contains human remains , police say
Editor 's note : Roya Hakakian is the author of "  Journey from the Land of No : A Girlhood Caught in Revolutionary Iran . " Her web site is http://www.royahakakian.com/live/ . Roya Hakakian says she lived through an earlier moment when Iranians thought freedom was at hand . CNN  -- Since last Saturday , the images of Neda Agha Soltan , the young woman who died on the streets of Tehran , keep playing before my eyes . When I do n't look at the clip on my computer , it runs on its own in my mind 's eye . What has me so riveted is not entirely empathy , the intuitive human response the images are bound to stir in everyone . There is also something less noble at work in me , an obsession with seeing my own face upon hers . Each time I see her die , I die along with her . I , too , was born and raised in Iran . My coming-of-age years coincided with the Iranian revolution of 1979 . I , too , was on the streets , watching and rooting for the demonstrators . Nothing seemed more natural , more compelling than being on the streets , calling for freedom , breathing the intoxicating , the dangerously euphoric Tehran air . I was 12 in 1978 , yet I was as undaunted as any adult . Nothing , least of all my pleading parents , could keep me away from the rooftops at 9 p.m. Amid the night 's dark , where the crowds were as indiscernible as ghosts , the shouts of "  Allah-o-akbar " rose from every rooftop like smoke rising from an invisible bonfire . We were all victims of the flames and the very arsonists at once . We were burning in the fire of our own making . Thirty years hence that fire still burns in Iran , because moments before her death , Neda Agha Soltan cried : "  I 'm on fire ! " I am entranced by her because she and I are the only two possibilities of the dictatorial narrative : Death or escape . She died . I escaped . I live . And because I live I can not escape her death -- the memory of her large eyes languidly drifting to one side , then freezing upon the abyss . Survival of this kind brings its own eternal damnation : A bifurcated existence lived in the here and now , but perpetually haunted by there and then . Making peace with the past would have been easier , if only the essence of that past had not been in doubt , if its dignity were intact . But in my first American ride in my first American taxi cab , I learned the staggering counter-narrative that I would hear again and again , dominating the western perceptions of Iran , when the driver asked : "  So , where are you from ? " "  I come from Iran , " I said , in broken English . "  Eeran , " he asked with uncertainty . "  Eeeran ? " Then passing his fingertips across his throat like a knife , he said , "  Eeran ... Khomeini ? " In that , 2,500 years of civilization was reduced to one vile name and the invocation of a throat being slit . It did not take long for me to learn that between the Iran that I knew and the Iran that Americans knew was a discrepancy as vast as the waters that separated us . I soon learned that the images of a fist-throwing mob of angry men and darkly veiled women burning the Uncle Sam effigies were the only images that most Americans had of Iran . Those images had little in common with the Iran I knew -- greater in numbers and in the grip of the same fist-throwing crowds . With Neda 's death , the Iran I know finally has a face . The sequence of her death is the sequence of our nation 's struggle in the past 30 years : The democratic future that 1979 was to deliver collapsing , then trails of blood -- that of so many executed or assassinated -- streaming across its bright promise . The film of Neda 's death is the abbreviated history of contemporary Iran . If history is a contest among competing narratives and icons , let the image of a young woman lying on the ground endure as that of Iran today . Let it loom so large to wipe away the memory of the thugs marching American hostages out of the U.S. Embassy in Tehran . Let the scarf that loosens and falls off her head to expose her dark hair be emblazoned in our memories as the metaphor for the plight of Iran 's women . As if her death were not tragic enough , the authorities have banned all mosques throughout Tehran from holding prayer services for Neda . Silence in the face of such inhumanity is a sin as great as the one a war could spur . This Friday evening throughout Iran , people will be lighting candles in memory of Neda and others who have died in the past few days . Here in the United States , I hope you join me and thousands of my compatriots in a memorial campaign for Neda by asking your religious and spiritual leaders to include a prayer for Neda and other fallen Iranians of the recent days in this week 's services . For 30 years , Iran 's regime has appropriated God . Let us reclaim God from those who deny a family the right to properly mourn the death of their child through our prayers and help bring peace to a tormented nation . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Roya Hakakian .	Roya Hakakian : I was a girl in Iran during the revolution of 1979 She says she saw the hopes of democracy and freedom quashed Hakakian : Join me in praying for Neda and other fallen Iranians
DOVER , England  CNN  -- As the ferries dock at the Port of Dover after crossing the English Channel , the trucks pull in at a steady rate . Afghanistan 's opium harvest can be traced right back to some of those trucks . Afghanistan is the world 's biggest supplier of illegal opium , which is made from the seed pods of poppies . "  The routes are many and varied , the concealments are many and varied , we see body -LSB- concealment -RSB- , we see what you call stuffers and swallowers , internal concealments , " says Steve Coates , deputy director of Britain 's Serious Organized Crime Agency . "  They 're one step ahead of us and we 're desperately trying to get one step ahead of them and I think it 's a long game , " he said . Coates has spent almost 25 years tracking the heroin pipeline . But he says the approach over the last few years is more intelligence-led . "  If we seize the powder , the commodity , they very quickly replace it . The financial flow is much more important . If you can hit the gangs , the proceeds of crime , you really are affecting them , you 're reaching right into them and actually impacting them , " says Coates . Watch how the Afghan drug pipeline is difficult to stop " A new United Nations report confirms the status of the lawless and fertile lands of southern Afghanistan as the world 's biggest supplier of illegal opium , the addictive narcotic that is made from the seed pods of poppies . The drug is ravaging the young , poor and vulnerable in Afghanistan , and its proceeds are the lifeblood of the Taliban . It also is spreading on a drug trail that spans the world . While Western governments have for years debated how to stop the lucrative drug trade in Afghanistan , the business has only grown . The U.N. report notes that for years , the counternarcotics strategies around the world have failed to have any real effect on addiction or drug trafficking . In some countries , heroin is 10 times cheaper now than it was 30 years ago . "  We 've been very good in the past at playing cops and robbers , but did -LSB- that -RSB- make a difference ? No it did n't , " concedes Coates . The key now , say law enforcement officials , is n't wiping out the poppies , scanning every truck or locking up the small-time dealers , but rather gathering intelligence that follows and then destroys the lucrative money trail . Britain 's Serious Organized Crime Agency says it is now committed to taking a collaborative approach not just with its own national partners , but by working intelligence links through the world .	Port of Dover serves as entry point for much of Afghanistan 's opium harvest Traffickers hide drugs in trucks , bodies , British drug official says "  They 're one step ahead of us , " Steve Coates says U.N. report says counter-drug strategies have been ineffective
CNN  -- The locals of Hailey , Idaho , filled Sherry Horton 's wine bar and uncorked champagne Saturday in celebration of hometown hero Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's release in Afghanistan after nearly five years in enemy captivity . "  It 's very exciting , " said Horton , a friend and former roommate of Bergdahl . "  We 're all still kind of walking around on clouds . We 're all just waiting to get eyes on him . That 's going to be a topper . " Bergdahl 's parents , Jani and Bob , have been crusading online and in Washington , D.C. , for years to ensure their 28-year-old son was never forgotten and assert he was an America POW held by the Taliban , though the military categorized him as a missing soldier captured . Whatever the term , Bergdahl is no longer being held . "  His mother was crying when she answered the phone -- and just very excited , " Horton told CNN . Bergdahl 's parents appeared with President Barack Obama at the White House on Saturday evening to discuss the release . "  I just want to say thank you everyone who has supported Bowe . He 's had a wonderful team everywhere . We will continue to stay strong for Bowe while he recovers , " Jani Bergdahl told reporters at the Rose Garden . Bob Bergdahl extended thanks "  around the world " and noted how the president called them about the news . He said his son is now having trouble speaking English . The father also spoke in one of the languages spoken in Afghanistan . "  The complicated nature of this recovery will really never be comprehended , " said Bob Bergdahl , who has grown a long beard . "  We just ca n't communicate the words this morning when we heard from the President , " he added . "  So we look forward to continue the recovery of our son , which is going to be a considerable task for our family and we hope that the media will understand that that will keep us very preoccupied in the coming days and weeks as he gets back home to the United States . " After the couple 's brief remarks , they thanked Obama , and Jani Bergdahl and Obama exchanged a hug and a kiss . "  Wonderful . Good day , " Obama told her . "  Yes , it 's a good day , " she told the president . Earlier in the day , the parents released a short statement . "  Today , we are ecstatic ! " the couple said . "  We were so joyful and relieved when President Obama called us today to give us the news that Bowe is finally coming home ! We can not wait to wrap our arms around our only son , " the parents said . A website that has been crusading for Bergdahl 's returned posted a note of success : "  He 's free , he 's safe . He will be home soon ! " The Rocky Mountain town of Hailey is just minutes from the renowned tourist destination of Sun Valley , famed for its skiing . Residents did n't have to worry Saturday about adorning Hailey with yellow ribbons because local scouts just put up fresh ones the past week , Horton said . The hometown crowd was laboring Saturday , however , to erect signs welcoming Bergdahl home , Horton said . "  Everybody is celebrating . " The end of Bergdahl 's half decade of captivity resonated beyond the valley town . "  We join all of Idaho and America in expressing our joy and welcoming this wonderful news , " Gov. C.L. "  Butch " Otter said in a statement . "  Today , Idaho gives thanks . Soon we all will celebrate Bowe 's freedom and homecoming . " U.S. Sen. Harry Reid of Nevada , the top Senate Democrat , described the moment as "  a great day for the United States " and Bergdahl 's safe return marks the "  nation 's commitment to leave no service member behind . " "  I commend the diplomats , service members , and others who worked tirelessly to bring Sergeant Bergdahl home , and I commend President Obama for taking decisive action to achieve the agreement leading to his release when the opportunity arose , " Reid said . Secretary of State John Kerry said the "  cost of years of captivity to Sergeant Bowe Bergdahl and his family is immeasurable . " Not everyone was thoroughly jubilant . U.S. Rep. Mike Rogers , chairman of the House Intelligence Committee , said he was pleased about Bergdahl 's release but he was "  extremely troubled " by how the United States negotiated with the Taliban to release Bergdahl in exchange for five detainees at Guantanamo Bay . "  This fundamental shift in US policy signals to terrorists around the world a greater incentive to take U.S. hostages , " said Rogers , R-Michigan . "  Further , I have little confidence in the security assurances regarding the movement and activities of the now released Taliban leaders and I have even less confidence in this Administration 's willingness to ensure they are enforced . I believe this decision will threaten the lives of American soldiers for years to come . " U.S. Rep. Duncan Hunter , R-California , termed the release "  fantastic , " but indicated concerns remain about negotiating with the Taliban . "  There are still questions around the entire operation , knowing what it took to make this happen , but at least for today we can be happy that Bowe is back in U.S. hands , " Hunter said . A senior administration official said Bergdahl 's release was n't a concession and was in line with Obama 's goal of closing the detention facility at Guantanamo Bay . U.S. Sen. Dianne Feinstein , a California Democrat who 's chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee , supported Obama 's decision , "  particularly in light of Sgt. Bergdahl 's declining health , " she said . "  It demonstrates that America leaves no soldier behind , " she said . CNN 's Erin McPike , Dana Bash , Barbara Starr , Ray Sanchez and Jason Morris contributed to this report .	NEW : Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl 's parents appear at White House with president NEW : "  Yes , it 's a good day , " mother tells Obama after exchanging a hug , a kiss NEW : Father says his son 's recovery will be "  a considerable task for our family " "  We 're all just waiting to get eyes on him : that 's going to be a topper , " friend says
CNN  -- The recently merged Continental and United Airlines canceled 24 flights Wednesday due to pilot sick calls , which occurred as United Continental Holdings is negotiating a collective bargaining agreement with the pilots , an airline spokeswoman said . The airlines , which merged last year to become the world 's largest carrier , said the sick calls began Tuesday , largely impacting the airports in New York and Newark , New Jersey , said airline spokeswoman Megan McCarthy . The Air Line Pilots Association did n't have an immediate comment Wednesday , but last month , the association said much work remains before the merger could be considered a success . The association and the merged airlines are in contract negotiations . Capt. Wendy Morse , chairman of the United Master Executive Council of the Air Line Pilots Association , made that remark as shareholders gathered for an annual United Airlines meeting . "  Until an agreement is reached , this merger can not be considered anything close to a success , " Morse said in a statement in June . "  It 's unfathomable that , more than one year after the announcement of the UAL/CAL merger , the company has not reached agreement with its pilots on a JCBA . " Morse said that without an agreement with pilots , "  the company will never be able to achieve the full benefits of the merger . " CNN 's Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	New York and Newark , New Jersey , are hardest hit by the cancellations The sick calls come as United Continental Holdings is in contract talks with pilots The pilots association last month said that negotiations were moving at "  a snail 's pace "
CNN  -- Ask teens the object of social media , and they 'll all tell you the same thing : to get "  likes . " Whether on Facebook , Twitter , Instagram or Tumblr , young users understand the coin of this realm , and are more than happy to do what is necessary to accumulate it . But is the currency value neutral , or does it come with an agenda of its own ? Living for likes makes a teen 's social career a whole lot easier , in some respects . Now there 's a number letting kids know how popular they are , how well a photo is resonating with their friends , or whether their video stands a chance of vaulting them into the professional world of singing , skateboarding or twerking . What they may not understand , however , is that this game of likes is not taking place on a level playing field . It was constructed by companies whose multibillion-dollar stock valuations are depending on little more than generating traffic -- more likes , follows and favorites -- and then selling the data that can be gleaned from it . In a sense , major parts of our economy  or at least the inflated valuations on the NASDAQ exchange  are now depending on the social media activity of kids . I 'm not sure that 's a pressure worth putting on them . On the surface , it all looks pretty empowering . For the MTV generation , changing the channel via remote control was about as interactive as mainstream media got -- and that only brought a kid from one corporate media conglomerate 's commercial programming to another 's . Clearly , the social media universe , with its countless Facebook pages , YouTube channels , Twitter feeds and Instagram photos , offers a whole lot more choice . Instead of watching a TV channel , today 's teens get to watch each other . That in itself amounts to power , freedom and agency , right ? Maybe . For while all these clicks and keystrokes and photos and videos may be free , they come with a price . Kids are n't paying with money , but with their attention and their hours of meticulous profile tweaking . They 're paying with their likes , their favorites , and their follows . And they get paid back with a new path to popularity or even fame . Sometimes , the exchange is explicit . Brands from soft drinks to automobiles ask kids to like an ad or promotion , all for the chance to be liked back or re-tweeted by the brand to its millions of followers . The teen gets more of those coveted likes . The companies get a real-time portrait of their potential customers and influencers , as well as all their friends . And this is n't just some virtual game . Likes really do matter out here in the real world , too . New musicians and new writers alike must demonstrate that they have social media followings in order to find distribution and sponsors . A new kind of talent agency , The Audience , has arisen to help young up-and-comers cultivate a social media presence , and then sell that network of followers to the appropriate advertisers . It 's actually a science . Thanks to the immense data pools created by social media users , a firm like The Audience can find the overlaps between fans of a certain pop star and those who have interacted with particular brands . That little venn diagram is marketer 's gold . And , to be fair , The Audience is helping young musicians build careers in a landscape where there are no record labels left willing to develop talent -- and no one buying music , anymore , anyway . By pairing talent with sponsors , The Audience creates a new revenue stream for artists , or at least the ones with the most viewed selfies . But it does create an oddly circular culture : Kids develop social media audiences in order to become "  stars , " which really just means having enough social media followers to sell out to a brand for sponsorship . Perhaps more amazingly , none of them seem to mind . When I asked kids what they thought about "  selling out " for my PBS documentary on social media , none of them could even tell me what "  selling out " meant . They thought it had something to do with there not being any tickets left for a concert . The language barrier aside , young social media users today draw no distinction between art and commerce , culture and advertising . While kids engaged with social media have the ability to express themselves and their values to pretty much the rest of the developed world , they seem unaware of the extent to which these platforms shape the values they choose to express . As I learned from a 13-year-old skateboarder who calls himself Baby Scumbag , you get fewer likes for making videos of board tricks than you do for getting gorgeous girls to pose for you in the near nude , or just doing crazy antics in the street . He 's a massive success on YouTube , where his videos often generate more than a million views . Another teenager , a girl from near San Diego , started making videos of herself singing , but is quickly learning that shots of her in her bedroom , or full body , or in a bathing suit , get her more attention . Her videos no longer include her vocals . That 's the part I do n't think most teens grasp . Nor do most adults have enough of a handle on this whole social media universe to fully articulate our misgivings . We know something is amiss , but saying it out loud feels so , well , out of touch . The reality here , however , is that it 's our young social media users who are out of touch -- or at least painfully oblivious to the way the tools and platforms they 're using in turn use them . They grew up with this stuff in their lives , and they accept these tools at face value , as features of the natural landscape . Not so . They were made by companies whose interests go far beyond helping kids express themselves and make friends . Our kids are not the customers here ; they are both the product and the unwitting labor . Our social media platforms are embedded with values that shape our perspectives and our behaviors . If we live in the social media landscape without an awareness of what it really wants from us , no one is really being empowered at all . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Douglas Rushkoff .	Douglas Rushkoff : Teenagers aim to get as many likes as possible Likes have real value for teens but even more value for giant companies that profit , he says Rushkoff : Getting liked on social media can be a route to getting your talents recognized But he says behavior designed to gain more likes may not always be beneficial
Africa 's western black rhino is now officially extinct according the latest review of animals and plants by the world 's largest conservation network . The subspecies of the black rhino -- which is classified as "  critically endangered " by the International Union for Conservation of Nature 's  IUCN  Red List of Threatened Species -- was last seen in western Africa in 2006 . The IUCN warns that other rhinos could follow saying Africa 's northern white rhino is "  teetering on the brink of extinction " while Asia 's Javan rhino is "  making its last stand " due to continued poaching and lack of conservation . Rhino horn trade triggers extinction threat "  In the case of the western black rhino and the northern white rhino the situation could have had very different results if the suggested conservation measures had been implemented , " Simon Stuart , chair of the IUCN species survival commission said in a statement . "  These measures must be strengthened now , specifically managing habitats in order to improve performance , preventing other rhinos from fading into extinction , " Stuart added . The IUCN points to conservation efforts which have paid off for the southern white rhino subspecies which have seen populations rise from less than 100 at the end of the 19th century to an estimated wild population of 20,000 today . Where animals go before extinction Another success can be seen with the Przewalski 's Horse which was listed as "  extinct in the wild " in 1996 but now , thanks to a captive breeding program , has an estimated population of 300 . The latest update to the IUCN Red List of Threatened Species reviews more than 60,000 species , concluding that 25 % of mammals on the list are at risk of extinction . Many plants are also under threat , say the IUCN . Populations of Chinese fir , a conifer which was once widespread throughout China and Vietnam , is being threatened by the expansion of intensive agriculture according to the IUCN . A type of yew tree  taxus contorta  found in Asia which is used to produce Taxol  a chemotherapy drug  has been reclassified from "  vulnerable " to "  endangered " on the IUCN Red List , as has the Coco de Mer -- a palm tree found in the Seychelles islands -- which is at risk from fires and illegal harvesting of its kernels . Recent studies of 79 tropical plants in the Indian Ocean archipelago revealed that more than three quarters of them were at risk of extinction . In the oceans , the IUCN reports that five out of eight tuna species are now "  threatened " or "  near threatened , " while 26 recently-discovered amphibians have been added to the Red List including the "  blessed poison frog "  classified as vulnerable  while the "  summers ' poison frog " is endangered . "  This update offers both good and bad news on the status of many species around the world , " Jane Smart , director of IUCN 's global species program said in a statement . "  We have the knowledge that conservation works if executed in a timely manner , yet , without strong political will in combination with targeted efforts and resources , the wonders of nature and the services it provides can be lost forever . "	Subspecies of black rhino in Africa extinct according to leading conservation network One quarter of mammals on IUCN Red List are at risk of extinction Plants , including a tree used to produce a chemotherapy drug now on endangered list Five out of eight tuna species are either "  threatened " or "  near threatened "
U.N. weapons inspectors are expected to report their findings regarding a chemical attack in Syria early next week , sources said Wednesday , but a leading human rights group is already pointing its finger at government troops . The inspectors collected evidence from the site of the August 21 attack outside Damascus , and laboratories have been processing the material for more than a week . A diplomatic source told CNN that the findings would be presented on Monday , while another source said the report would "  likely " be presented Monday or Tuesday . Earlier Wednesday , U.N. spokesman Farhan Haq told reporters that there was no timeline for the inspectors ' report . "  They are going about their work now , " Haq said . "  Once they are done , they will present it to the secretary-general . " U.N. report : Abuses on both sides of Syrian civil war In addition , the report could be delayed amid diplomatic efforts to forestall threatened U.S. military action against Syria . U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry is headed for a two-day meeting with Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov in Switzerland over Moscow 's plan to put the Syrian chemical weapons arsenal under international control . Washington accuses Syrian government troops of using the nerve gas sarin in a large-scale attack in the suburbs of Damascus , killing more than 1,400 people -- including hundreds of children . President Barack Obama told Americans on Tuesday night that he would put off punitive strikes on Syria to pursue the diplomatic opening from Russia . Syria 's government has denied using chemical weapons , arguing its troops came under chemical attack by rebel fighters . The U.N. team that investigated the attack is tasked with confirming whether chemical weapons were used , but its mandate does n't include assigning blame for the attack . But the American position got some support this week from Human Rights Watch , which concluded that government forces "  were almost certainly responsible " and suggested U.N. inspectors saw some of the same evidence it did . The U.S.-based human rights group said its experts reviewed video and photos from the scene , including pictures from one source who photographed and measured remnants of rockets left at the scene . The weapons included Soviet-era 140mm rockets and an apparently Syrian-built projectile capable of holding up to 60 liters  16 gallons  of chemical agents , a Tuesday report from the group noted . Human Rights Watch used video uploaded to the Internet and photos provided by Syrian activists as part of their review . Some of those photos included detailed measurements of a 330mm rocket so far seen only in the hands of government forces -- a model "  compatible , and perhaps specifically designed , for the delivery of chemical agents . " "  U.N. inspectors were also videotaped inspecting some of the same rocket remnants during their on-site visit , further confirming that the rockets are located at the scene of the attacks , " the report notes . Did Obama answer these five questions about Syria ? All eyes turn to U.S.-Russia talks in Geneva	Inspectors could present Syria findings by Monday or Tuesday , sources say Government troops are "  almost certainly responsible " for the August attack , rights group says Syrian government denies its forces used poison gas Top U.S. and Russian officials to discuss disarmament
CNN  -- Police have arrested a couple and charged them with kidnapping in the apparent abduction of two Amish girls in upstate New York this week , authorities said late Friday . Stephen M. Howells II , 39 , and his girlfriend Nicole F. Vaisey , 25 , are being held without bond , according to the St. Lawrence County Sheriff 's Office . Federal charges are also a possibility . On Wednesday , an Amber Alert was issued after 6-year-old Delila Miller and her 12-year-old sister , Fannie , disappeared from a vegetable stand near their family farm in Oswegatchie , located about 50 miles from the Canadian border . A witness told police the girls were tending to a customer who drove up in a white 4-door sedan and then disappeared when the vehicle pulled away , according to the Amber Alert . The Amber Alert was canceled Thursday night after Delila and Fannie were apparently abandoned along a road in Richville , about 40 miles away . "  The children walked up to a home , knocked on the door of a stranger , " St. Lawrence County District Attorney Mary Rain told CNN affiliate WWNY . "  The stranger brought them home to their house and police were waiting . " She said the girls were "  a little wet and cold , " but otherwise healthy . The investigation moved quickly on Friday , as "  good police work " and tips from the girls led authorities to the suspects , said St. Lawrence County Sheriff Kevin Wells . "  We have two strong young girls , " Wells said . "  The reason we 're able to make an arrest tonight is because of just how strong they are and things they 're able to remember . " Two cars -- one white , one red -- were towed from the scene by authorities , affiliate WSYR reported . The house where Howells and Vaisey live is being processed for evidence , according to Wells . CNN 's Joe Sutton contributed to this report .	A man and his girlfriend are charged with kidnapping The girls provide tips that lead police to the suspects The girls were apparently abducted near their farm in upstate New York They were apparently abandoned on a road a number of miles away
CNN  -- It 's the annual festival of beer known the world over , and this year , Germany 's Oktoberfest turns 200 . People are filling the beer tents and filling their beer mugs on Munich 's Theresienwiese , where the festival began two centuries ago as a celebration of the marriage of Crown Prince Ludwig to Princess Therese of Saxony-Hildburghausen , for whom the street is now named . The royal couple invited the citizens of Munich to attend the festivities , and the party was repeated annually after that . Today , Oktoberfest is the largest festival in the world , with six million visitors , according to Susanne Muhlbauer , press officer for Munich Tourist Office . She told CNN : "  Part of the fun nowadays is that you actually do dress up in traditional costume . "  When I was a teenager you just wore jeans . It 's only over the last 20 years that young people wo n't go to the festival without wearing traditional lederhosen . " And it 's not just the Germans who are dressing up . According to Muhlbauer , over 9,000 people from clubs or "  trachtenvereins " across Europe are taking part in this year 's festival . She explained : "  It 's not just a Bavarian celebration ; people come from all over the Alpine region , including guests from Italy , Austria , Poland and Switzerland . "  They all come together to show their traditional costumes , which vary from the length of the lederhosen to the type of feathers in their hat . " But of course beer is the most important part of Oktoberfest , and organizers say around six million liters will be consumed this year . Six different types of the "  liquid gold " are available in the tents . According to Muhlbauer , there is good reason why so much alcohol is consumed . She told CNN : "  What is special about Oktoberfest is that you have to drink beer from a one liter stein . It 's a lot of beer and you have to drink it fairly quickly otherwise it goes stale ! " Munich and Bavaria pride themselves on their quality of beer , unashamedly calling it the best in the world . They cite Bavarian Purity Requirements that date to Duke William IV in 1516 , which allow only water , hops , and barley to be used in the brewing process . This year 's Oktoberfest runs from September 18 to October 4 . Beer is sold in the tents from 10 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. on weekdays and from 9 a.m. to 10:30 p.m. on weekends . Although Oktoberfest began 200 years ago , this year 's festival is only the 177th , since it was n't held during the two World Wars and during a cholera outbreak , organizers say . Susannah Palk contributed to this story	The annual festival of beer takes place in Munich , Germany It began as a marriage celebration for Crown Prince Ludwig Organizers : Around 6 million liters of beer will be consumed this year
The photos of Oscar Pistorius and girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp appear to show a young couple in love . The series of images , given exclusively to CNN by a source close to Pistorius , come as the Olympic runner faces a bleak anniversary : one year since he shot his girlfriend dead at his home on Valentine 's Day . Pistorius will go on trial accused of Steenkamp 's murder early next month . He denies the charge , saying he mistook her for a home invader . The intimate pictures -- some of the final images of the 29-year-old model , taken in the weeks and months before her death -- show the couple looking relaxed and happy . In one , Steenkamp wraps her arms around Pistorius , hanging over his shoulders as he tenderly holds on to her fingers . They grin happily at the camera . The couple are at the beach , with blue waters glistening behind them , and appear relaxed , casually dressed and in sunglasses . Another blurry picture was taken in a kitchen . The fridge magnets are as much in focus as Steenkamp 's smiling face as she sits on her boyfriend 's lap . She looks dressed up for a night out in a sleeveless black dress with gold trim that sets off her sleek blond hair . Again , they are holding on to each other tightly . The third image is more intimate and passionate , as Pistorius holds Steenkamp protectively in his arms . His eyes are closed as she seems to nestle into him . The photo is not just a holiday picture , but an aching reminder of a relationship and a life cruelly ended on Valentine 's Day a year ago . Pistorius looks back a year after killing girlfriend Reeva Steenkamp ` Devastating accident ' or murder ? Pistorius , who won world fame for his achievements as a double-amputee runner , fatally shot his girlfriend of three months in the early hours of February 14 , when he fired through a bathroom door in his home . Her death at the hands of an athlete regarded as South Africa 's golden boy shocked the world . Pistorius does not deny shooting Steenkamp , a law school graduate with a burgeoning TV and fashion career , but says it was a "  devastating accident . " Police say it was murder and will try to prove in court that the couple had an argument before the shots were fired , legal experts say . The trial , which starts on March 3 before a high court judge , is expected to attract international interest . While the photos prove nothing with regard to Pistorius ' guilt or innocence , they give an insight into the couple 's shared experiences and apparent intimacy before her death . In a statement released on his website on the anniversary of the shooting , Pistorius said : "  The loss of Reeva and the complete trauma of that day , I will carry with me for the rest of my life . " In a recent statement , Barry and June Steenkamp , Reeva 's parents , said they would like to thank people for their condolences . "  We understand and empathize with friends who have lost a child through violence or abuse , " they said .	Photos show Oscar Pistorius and Reeva Steenkamp together not long before her death One shows Steenkamp hanging over his shoulders , as he tenderly holds her fingers Another shows her nestling into his shoulder as he holds her in his arms Pistorius goes on trial for Steenkamp 's slaying next month ; he says he shot her by mistake
CNN Student News  -- December 9 , 2009 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : • Baghdad , Iraq • Kabul , Afghanistan • New Orleans , Louisiana Transcript THIS IS A RUSH TRANSCRIPT . THIS COPY MAY NOT BE IN ITS FINAL FORM AND MAY BE UPDATED . CARL AZUZ , CNN STUDENT NEWS ANCHOR : Hi , I 'm Carl Azuz . You 've landed on CNN Student News . First Up : Job Creation AZUZ : During a speech yesterday , President Obama offered some ideas on how to create new jobs and help out the country 's economy : offering tax breaks to small businesses , expanding some of the government 's stimulus programs , and spending more funds on infrastructure projects -- things like roads , bridges and water systems . The thing is , all of that costs money . And that 's where the TARP comes in . That 's the Troubled Asset Relief Program , the financial industry bailout passed last year . The bailout ended up not costing as much as expected , and President Obama thinks the extra could be used to help out in other ways . U.S. PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA : The TARP program was flawed and we have worked hard to correct those flaws and manage it properly . And today , TARP has served its original purpose and at much lower cost than we expected . In fact , because of our stewardship of this program and the transparency and accountability that we put in place , TARP is expected to cost taxpayers at least $ 200 billion less than it was anticipated just this past summer . AZUZ : Couple of things to keep in mind here , though . First , White House officials say that they ca n't just use TARP money to pay for infrastructure projects ; the program just does n't work like that . And second , some Republicans are outraged by the idea of spending any unused TARP funds because they say that money was supposed to help pay off the country 's debt . REP. JOHN BOEHNER ,  R  MINORITY LEADER : This makes me so angry . I was there . I know all about TARP . First , it was never intended that all this money would ever have to be spent . But any money that was n't spent was to go to the deficit . And the idea of taking this money and spending it is repulsive . Health Care Debate AZUZ : Senators are considering alternatives to part of their health care legislation . Specifically , the so-called public option : That 's a government-run health insurance program . Senate Republicans , and some Democrats and Independents , are against that plan . A group of Democratic senators was working to come up with some other ideas that could replace the public option . Late last night , they said they had reached an agreement . If the Senate passes its health care bill , that does n't make it law . It would still need to be combined with the House bill , and then that final version would need to pass both the House and the Senate . Baghdad Bombings AZUZ : The head of Iraq 's government says that a series of suicide bombings is designed to create chaos in that country and prevent progress toward elections that are scheduled for next year . Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called yesterday 's terrorist attacks "  cowardly . " The five explosions killed more than 125 people and injured more than 440 others . The bombings all took place within minutes of each other Tuesday morning . They targeted several government buildings around the capital city of Baghdad , as well as a neighborhood and a business district . Is this Legit ? TOMEKA JONES , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Is this legit ? Hillary Clinton is the U.S. secretary of defense . Not legit ! Robert Gates is the defense secretary . He was appointed by President George W. Bush , and President Obama asked him to stay on the job . Defense Secretary Visit AZUZ : It 's Mr. Gates ' job to advise the president on military issues like the war in Afghanistan . And that is where the defense secretary is right now , meeting with military officials and Afghan leaders following President Obama 's announcement that he plans to send 30,000 additional U.S. forces to Afghanistan . Barbara Starr has more on Mr. Gates ' trip there and some of the challenges that U.S. troops face there . BEGIN VIDEO BARBARA STARR , CNN PENTAGON CORRESPONDENT : Defense Secretary Roberts Gates arrived in Afghanistan on an unannounced trip . He is here , of course , for the first time since President Obama made the announcement that 30,000 additional U.S. troops will be headed to this war zone . The defense secretary plans to meet with troops , commanders , and he has already met with Afghan President Hamid Karzai to talk about the way ahead , Secretary Gates assuring Karzai that the U.S. has a continuing commitment to this country . But where we are right now , at FOB , Forward Operating Base , Shank , south of Kabul , really illustrates the continuing security challenge in this country . The U.S. Army task force that operates here has already had the plus-up from 300 troops to 3,000 troops operating in this region to try and get a handle on security against the Taliban and the insurgents . One of their major jobs here is to continue every day to secure Highway 1 , the main road to Kabul . The road is secure right now , they tell us , because the troops , U.S. and Afghan troops , are out patrolling every day . If the troops were n't out there , the feeling is that the Taliban and the insurgents would again rear their head and control the road and really hinder commerce and development in this region . So , that 's the bottom line here . It 's a continuing , spotty security picture . Where the troops are , security improves . But where the troops are not located , security still very troublesome in many areas of this country . END VIDEO Promo AZUZ : Another member of President Obama 's Cabinet , Education Secretary Arne Duncan , can have an impact on your education . Ed Henry , CNN Senior White House correspondent , is going to interview Secretary Duncan , and Mr. Henry wants to know what you would ask Duncan if you had the chance . So , teachers and students , share your questions on our blog . We 'll share them with Henry , and you might hear your question answered on our show . Shoutout MATT CHERRY , CNN STUDENT NEWS : Time for the Shoutout ! When does winter officially start ? If you think you know it , shout it out ! Is it : A  October 31 , B  November 15 , C  December 21 or D  January 1 ? You 've got three seconds -- GO ! Winter begins around December 21 , which is the winter solstice , the shortest day of the year . That 's your answer and that 's your Shoutout ! Wintry Weather AZUZ : Do n't tell that to the folks who are already getting hammered by the first major storm of the season . States out west got slammed by two to three feet of snow , winds whipping around at up to 90 miles per hour . Even some desert states felt the freeze . Check out this video from Arizona ! The storm is making its way east , and as of yesterday , parts of Iowa and Minnesota were both under a blizzard warning . Green Collar Training AZUZ : Some homes are protected against winter cold by weatherizing , which keeps heat in and costs down . Installing it is an example of a green-collar job , work that 's focused on the environment . Christine Romans shows us how some folks are learning to be part of a green-collar world . BEGIN VIDEO UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Hot air is coming into your house . You know that you 're losing , what ? UNIDENTIFIED FEMALE : Energy . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : Energy . CHRISTINE ROMANS , CNN BUSINESS CORRESPONDENT : The skills taught here are green . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : This is recycled newspaper . ROMANS : And so are the students . SUZY MASON , PROGRAM DIRECTOR , LOUISIANA GREEN CORPS : We do work with 17 - to 24-year-olds who lack work history , are often low income , court involved . Our corps members do n't want to hang out on the street . They want to be productive . They want to work . ROMANS : That 's where Louisiana Green Corps comes in . Based in New Orleans and funded through a grant from the U.S. Labor Department , the program teaches young adults how to weatherize and rehabilitate homes . MASON : We 're giving a general base of construction knowledge , carpentry skills . We also emphasize academic improvement , work readiness , and really encourage our corps members to make positive life decisions . UNIDENTIFIED MALE : There 's a lot of work to be done in New Orleans . ROMANS : One of the people doing that work is LA Green Corps graduate Chris Williams . After completing the program , he landed a job with local contractor Brotherhood Way , weatherizing homes and building new ones . CHRIS WILLIAMS , LOUISIANA GREEN CORPS GRADUATE : I believe that this program helps kids by , you know , letting them see that there is another way , you know , besides , you know , maybe they are n't , you know , high ... maybe they do n't have their high school diploma , or maybe they are n't the ones who go to college . So this program , you know , it invites them in and it gives them the opportunity to learn a trade , you know , to learn a skill . On average , their energy bill will be $ 20 - $ 30 on a month . ROMANS : Despite Chris 's success , jobs are still hard to come by . So far , out of 177 LA Green Corps graduates , 37 percent have found jobs and a third have gone back to school . Even those who did n't immediately find work have achieved something . DAVID WEATHERSBY , BROTHERHOOD WAY : For Chris and so many other young adults , when they finish the program , they are ready to be thrown into the work force . ROMANS : So , when the job market does turn around , they 're ready . Christine Romans , CNN , New York . END VIDEO Before We Go AZUZ : Before we go , we have some really cool pictures for you today , but as neat as they look , it does n't seem like a good idea . Up to 20-foot waves -- swells so powerful that people staying in a hotel near the shore could feel them crash -- they thundered in to the Hawaiian island of Oahu on Tuesday . They kept tourists from sleeping , ate up tons of beach , and despite the power and the danger , yep , surf 's up ! Hope these guys know what they 're doing . Goodbye AZUZ : Because for amateurs like me , it would 've been a total washout . CNN Student News is rolling in again tomorrow , keeping you current on more headlines . We 'll see you then .	Consider why a proposal for unused bailout money is causing controversy Learn about some security challenges facing U.S. troops in Afghanistan Hear how a program helps young people prepare for green-collar jobs Use the Daily Discussion to help students understand today 's featured news stories
Washington  CNN  -- With the conventions fading into the rearview mirror and the first presidential debate fast approaching , new polls in crucial swing states suggest that GOP nominee Mitt Romney 's road to the White House is becoming a more challenging ride . Polls are a snapshot of how people feel right now . The election is still 6Â 1/2 weeks away , with three presidential debates and one vice-presidential debate between now and then that have the potential to change people 's minds . But the numbers in many of these new surveys seem to favor President Barack Obama over Romney . "  Throughout the spring and summer , Romney advisers would look at the mostly dead-even polls and tell me , ` I 'd a lot rather be in our position than theirs , ' " said CNN chief political correspondent Candy Crowley . "  They do n't say that now , not because it 's over -- clearly whatever edge the president has can be erased . They do n't say that anymore because as fall opens , advantage Obama . " CNN 's Polling Center Romney was asked about the new surveys in an interview Friday that will appear on CBS 's "  60 Minutes " on Sunday . "  Actually , we 're tied in the polls . We 're all within a margin of error . We bounce around week to week , day to day . There are some days we 're up . There are some days we 're down , " Romney said . "  We 've got a campaign which is tied with an incumbent president of the United States . " To win the White House , Romney needs to win all the states that Sen. John McCain carried in 2008 , plus grab back about half a dozen that Obama turned from red to blue four years ago . Romney campaigned Thursday in Florida , where two nonpartisan live operator polls conducted over the past two weeks both indicate Obama has a five-point advantage , which is within the surveys ' sampling errors . Both the NBC News/Wall Street Journal/Marist and Fox News polls have the race at 49 % -44 % . Other , partisan surveys released since the end of the Democratic convention suggest a closer contest . Florida 's 29 electoral votes are the biggest catch of the nine or so battleground states that both campaigns are heavily contesting . In Ohio , an NBC/WSJ/Marist poll and a Fox News survey each have the president holding a seven-point lead , while an American Research Group survey shows Obama with a two-point edge , well within that poll 's sampling error . And in Virginia , a Washington Post poll indicates Obama leading by eight points , while a Fox News survey shows the president up by seven . According to a Quinnipiac University/CBS News/New York Times poll , Obama holds a four-point advantage , which is within that survey 's sampling error . President George W. Bush won all three of those states in his 2004 re-election , but Obama painted them blue four years ago . In Wisconsin , home of Romney 's running mate , Rep. Paul Ryan , a Marquette Law School poll indicates the Democratic ticket with a 14-point lead over the Republican duo . But a Quinnipiac/CBS/NYT poll indicates a smaller six-point advantage for the president , and Obama is up by five points in an NBC/WSJ/Marist poll . Obama stumps in surprise battleground state In Michigan , the state where Romney was born and where his father served as a popular two-term governor in the 1960s , a CNN/ORC International poll released on Wednesday indicated Obama up by eight points . An EPIC/MRA survey released the week before suggested the president was up by 10 . Both Wisconsin and Michigan are states Democrats have long carried in presidential elections that the Romney campaign hopes to capture . New polls in two other battleground states , Colorado and Nevada  won by Bush in 2004 but by Obama in 2008  , indicate much closer contests . "  For a campaign running one to two points behind , close polls are interesting in the spring and summer . They are worrisome in the fall , " said Crowley , anchor of CNN 's "  State of the Union . " "  The good news for the Romney campaign is every and any place the president is polling below 50 % -- not a comfortable position for an incumbent . " Former President Bill Clinton , who has campaigned for Obama and gave a blockbuster speech at the Democrats ' convention , says the race is far from over . "  I still think you have to assume it 's going to be a close race , assume it 's a hard fight and then fight through it , " Clinton said in an interview with Fareed Zakaria on CNN . "  But I think the president has the advantage now . We did have a very good convention . He got a good boost out of it . " Clinton : '47 percent ' comments put ` heavier burden ' on Romney in debates Romney 's campaign has struggled since the conventions . The release of secretly recorded video from a May fundraiser , in which Romney casts Obama supporters as dependent on government , dominated coverage of the race over the past week . And the week before , there was criticism in the media and even by some Republicans of Romney 's response to the attacks against U.S. embassies in Egypt and Libya . But Republican strategist and CNN contributor Alex Castellanos says Romney has already proved this cycle that he can make a comeback . "  Despite the toughest two weeks of this campaign for Mitt Romney , these state polls tell us two things : One , this is still a jump ball ; two , Obama has gotten slightly taller . " "  Romney has proven resilient throughout this campaign , " said Castellanos , a senior media adviser to Romney 's 2008 campaign . "  Now he 's being tested again . He has to show voters he has presidential strength , the capacity to get back on his feet after being knocked down . " And Romney has 6Â 1/2 weeks to do that . Romney , Ryan in fighting shape	Obama holds advantage in polls in several key battleground states Romney sees being tied with incumbent president as advantage for challenger Romney must win all the states McCain won in 2008 and a half dozen that Obama won GOP strategist : Romney has been resilient , must show voters he can get back on his feet
CNN  -- Australia fought back to earn a 1-1 draw with South Korea on Friday that edged two of the Asian Cup 's title favorites towards the quarterfinal stage in Qatar . The result left both nations on four points from two matches in Group C ahead of the day 's other game , which saw 10-man Bahrain get off the mark with a 5-2 victory over India as Ismaeel Abdulatif scored four goals . South Korea , victors the first two times the tournament was held in 1956 and 1960 , took the lead in the 24th minute at Doha 's Al Gharafa Stadium through Koo Ja-cheol . The 21-year-old midfielder scored his third goal of the tournament following his double in Korea 's opening 2-1 win over Bahrain , as Ji Dong-won collected a long ball and put the ball into the path of his teammate . Both sides had several chances to score before Mile Jedinak leveled in the 62nd minute . In-depth guide to the Asian Cup The midfielder , who plays for Turkish club Genclerbirligi , headed home after Korea failed to clear a corner from Luke Wilkshire and Lucas Neill nodded the ball back across the goal . "  We could have won the game . If you look at the general performance of our team , then we should have won , " South Korea coach Cho Kwang-Rae told the Asian Cup website . "  We controlled the game mostly so in that aspect we have improved a lot . I am pleased about that and if we can continue to develop that part of our game then it will be much better for us as we move forward . " Blog : An ominous sign ahead of 2022 World Cup ? The Australians , who like South Korea qualified for the 2010 World Cup finals in South Africa , are seeking a first title after having joined the Asian federation from Oceania in early 2006 . "  My team , I 'm very happy with their performance . Our game plan was to close them down in midfield and that was mostly achieved , " Australia 's German coach Holger Osieck . "  What I found encouraging was we created a lot of chances . " Abdulatif 's quadruple strike boosted Bahrain 's hopes of qualifying for the last eight , as the 24-year-old forward scored three times in 19 first-half minutes against India . Faouzi Aaish , who was sent off for a second booking in the second half , had put Bahrain ahead with an eighth-minute penalty but India leveled through midfielder Gouramangi Singh inside 60 seconds . Abdulatif then took center stage as he pounced on a mistake by India goalkeeper Subrata Paul in the 16th minute , was set up by Nigeria-born Jaycee John for his second three minutes later and completed his hat-trick 10 minutes before halftime after chesting down a pass from Aaish . India thought they had reduced the deficit seven minutes after halftime but Renedy Singh 's effort was ruled to have not crossed the line after hitting the underside of the crossbar , but Sunil Chhetri immediately made it 4-2 after striker Abhishek Yadav also hit the woodwork . Aaish , who also scored a penalty against South Korea , had to leave the pitch just past the hour mark after being booked for diving but Abdulatif sealed victory with a superb solo effort with 13 minutes to play . The final round on Tuesday sees South Korea play India and Australia take on Bahrain .	Australia and South Korea have four points in Group C after 1-1 draw in Qatar Koo Ja-cheol nets his third goal of 2011 Asian Cup before Mile Jedinak equalizes Ismaeel Abdulatif scores four goals as 10-man Bahrain beat India 5-2 in other Group C match Middle East side led 4-2 before Faouzi Aaish , who also netted , was sent off
A new survey about preferences and trends in Mexico concludes that one out of every three Mexicans would migrate to the United States if given the opportunity . The survey published Tuesday by the Washington-based Pew Research Center also says that of the 34 % of Mexicans who indicated they would like to move to the U.S. , 17 % "  would do so without authorization , " meaning without legal documents . Katie Simmons , senior researcher at the Pew Research Center , says that attitude has changed little in the past five years . "  It 's been relatively constant , " Simmons said . "  We first asked people about this in 2009 , and the percentage was 33 % , compared to 34 % this year . " On the other hand , the survey found that fewer Mexicans have friends or family in the United States . According to Simmons , this means the migration of Mexicans to the United States has continued to decline in the last few years . The number of Mexicans who report having a friend or family member living in the U.S. has fallen to 32 % , compared with 42 % in 2007 . "  The most interesting finding that we reported in terms of migration is this change in the percentage of Mexicans who have friends or relatives in the United States . This percentage is a reflection of the change in net migration . It 's an objective indicator of current migration trends , " Simmons said . The Pew Research Center reported in 2012 that net migration from Mexico to the United States fell to zero  and perhaps less  between 2005 and 2010 , meaning the number of Mexicans migrating north is equal to or less than those going back to their country . The latest Pew survey "  is based on face-to-face interviews conducted among a representative sample of 1,000 randomly selected adults from across the country between April 21 and May 2 , 2014 . " The survey covered a wide range of topics including the popularity of current President Enrique Pena Nieto  51 %  , which declined 6 percentage points in the past year as he pushed through energy and communications reforms some view with suspicion . Crime continues to be the top concern for Mexicans  79 %  , followed by corruption of political leaders  72 %  and drug cartel-related violence  72 %  . The survey also shows that Mexicans seem to have a very positive image of the military  75 %  , although many people are concerned about human rights violations as the armed forces continue to fight criminal organizations . The survey has a margin of error of plus or minus 4 percentage points . Fast facts : Immigration statistics Obama weighs sending National Guard to border	34 % of Mexicans would migrate to U.S. if given opportunity , Pew survey finds Researcher says number has hardly changed in past five years Fewer Mexicans have friends and family in the U.S. , survey says Popularity of President Enrique Pena Nieto fell 6 percentage points from last year
CNN  -- Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres will join the judges ' panel on "  American Idol " for the show 's ninth season beginning in 2010 , a Fox spokeswoman confirmed Wednesday . Talk show host Ellen DeGeneres brings years of experience in front of a live audience to her role . "  I 'm thrilled to be the new judge on American Idol , " DeGeneres said Wednesday . "  I 've watched since the beginning , and I 've always been a huge fan . So getting this job is a dream come true , and think of all the money I 'll save from not having to text in my vote . " The popular comedian and entertainer will fill a seat left vacant by Paula Abdul , who announced she was leaving the show in August after eight seasons . Was DeGeneres the right replacement ? DeGeneres will sit alongside Simon Cowell , Randy Jackson and Kara DioGuardi after auditions are completed for the popular talent show , which starts in January . Until then , guest judges including Mary J. Blige , Kristin Chenoweth , Joe Jonas and Neil Patrick Harris will fill the empty slot , Fox said . Watch Jackson discuss what DeGeneres brings to the show " "  We are thrilled to have Ellen DeGeneres join the "  American Idol " judges ' table this season . She is truly one of America 's funniest people and a fantastic performer who understands what it 's like to stand up in front of audiences and entertain them every day , " said Mike Darnell , president of Alternative Entertainment for Fox . "  We feel that her vast entertainment experience , combined with her quick wit and passion for music , will add a fresh new energy to the show . " DeGeneres brings years of experience in front of a live audience as the host of "  The Ellen DeGeneres Show , " now in its seventh season , and the host of the 79th Annual Academy Awards . In her new role , the Emmy Award-winning talk show host faces the task of winning over Abdul 's supporters , who lamented that her departure would irreparably alter the show . The singer-dancer turned "  Idol " judge was known for her positive comments to the singers participating in the shows . She was also known for her on-camera run-ins with Cowell and other judges in the show . "  With sadness in my heart , I 've decided not to return to Idol . I 'll miss nurturing all the new talent , but most of all being a part of a show that I helped from day 1 become an international phenomenon , " a statement on Abdul 's verified Twitter account said last month .	The popular talk show host will fill seat on judges ' panel left empty by Paula Abdul DeGeneres will will join the judges ' panel after the auditions , which begin in January "  Think of all the money I 'll save from not having to text in my vote , " DeGeneres says
CNN  This is week two of an ongoing series : A Catholic Reads the Bible This week covers the Book of Genesis , chapters 1-11 . A week ago , I was worried I would n't have anything to write about . Now , I do n't even know where to begin . The first step was choosing a Bible . I went with the version that I received for winning the religion award at Rice Memorial High School in South Burlington , Vermont . As I mentioned in the first installment of this series , I 'm a lifelong Catholic who finally plans to read the Bible from cover to cover . The Bible I 'm reading is "  The Deluxe Catholic Bible , " published in 1986 by World Bible Publishing . After four days of reading this week , my journal is full of observations and ideas . With my crazy schedule , I found that reading at night was a perfect way to unwind and reflect . And as I started reading , I did n't want to stop . In order to fully process Scripture , I need to slow down and read the footnotes . Footnotes are my friend . First of all , Genesis starts with two separate creation narratives . How did I not know this ? The first chapter is the seven days story with God creating the Earth . In the second chapter the Earth is again created and man is formed out of clay . Talking with a CNN colleague , I mentioned how there seems to be fascination in Genesis with dirt and clay . My colleague pointed out that even Adam 's name is a play on the Hebrew word "  adama , " meaning ground . It struck me that the whole first two chapters have everything to do with the Earth and man 's place in it , a struggle that we can relate to even now . From the creation of the Garden of Eden to the fall and the banishment , the bounty of the land and the access to it seems to be the area of highest concern . My greatest surprise , though , came when I read about Seth . Seth ? Who ? I started asking people if they had remembered the story of Seth . My unscientific poll of friends is that 9 out 10 people I asked had no idea who he was . Turns out , Seth is the forgotten son of Adam and Eve who is born after Cain kills Abel . Adam fathered Seth at 130 years old . Yes , we are getting into the part of the Bible with fantastical life spans that allow for the transition from the stories of Adam to Abraham .  Again , thank you footnotes  . Unfortunately , we do n't learn much more about Seth . When he is mentioned , it 's about his descendants . But , because this was my first biblical surprise , I will never forget him . Thank you , Seth . As a woman , though I was waiting to read more about the role of women . Did you know that Eve is the first person named in the Bible ?  I expected Adam , but he is called "  man " in the first references . Moving on , we have these tales about the "  sons of heaven " seeing Earth 's beautiful women and taking them as wives . Um ? What ? I had never heard that one before . I had to read that passage a few times and , again , the footnotes helped . They say the story is an inclusion from mythology . But why ? My first hunch is that it might have been a way to take a story that everyone knew at the time and make it part of a new narrative . Familiarity would lead to followers . Of course , many Christians do n't cite the "  sons of heaven " today because it would take too much time to explain . Maybe that 's why I do n't ever recall hearing this passage read at Mass. . With that in mind , I read about Noah , descendent of Seth , with a different perspective , too . I have never believed there was an ark . I never thought that God dictated the dimensions of the boat to save the animals two by two . It is a story told to make you realize the power of God . The explanation for the flood is that man had become more and more wicked , but I did n't expect , though , that God would "  regret " creating man . Ouch ! It really makes the reader want to stay on God 's good side . This "  wickedness " of mankind and the "  regret " from God sounds as if God made a mistake and decides to fix it , to start over , in essence . "  Never again will I doom the Earth because of man , since the desires of man are evil from the start . ... " That phrase reminded me of my dad 's favorite saying , "  To err is human but to forgive is divine , " which comes from a Pope , but not a Catholic holy man . But enough about that , I have to get back to reading .	Laura Bernardini , a lifelong Catholic , has decided to finally read the Bible from cover to cover . This is week two Some surprises : Two creation stories , Seth , and what on Earth are the "  men of heaven " ?
CNN  -- When Chelsea and Bayern Munich walk out onto the pitch at the Allianz Arena for Saturday 's European Champions League final , it will mark the culmination of a competition rightly regarded as the finest -- and the hardest to win -- in club football . Some of the greatest teams in the world have fallen by the wayside in race for the prize : Jose Mourinho 's Real Madrid and Alex Ferguson 's Manchester United , to name but two . It was also the last bow for Pep Guardiola , arguably the greatest coach in charge of the greatest team of the modern era , who left Barcelona shortly after Champions League semifinal defeat against Chelsea . But it is much more than a match between the two best teams in Europe . It is also a clash of ideas over how football should best be run , and whether money and the success that statistically follows should trump the interests of the supporters . Bayern vs. Chelsea : Click here to see the finalists ' vital statistics On one hand you have Chelsea , a club which has benefited most from the financial liberalism of English football , an economic boom that followed the breakaway of the English Premier League two decades ago . England 's laissez-faire economic approach meant that a young , unknown Russian oligarch who had only recently fallen in love with the beautiful game could purchase a club he had never visited and pump in hundreds of millions of dollars to secure trophies and league titles . Ticket prices rocketed as the game was gentrified , but Chelsea tasted real domestic success , winning three league titles , four FA Cups and two League Cups . On the other side is Bayern . Derided as "  FC Hollywood " by some supporters of its Bundesliga rivals due to the Bavarian team 's star-studded squad , it is still governed by the fan ownership model prevalent in Germany . The "  50 +1 " rule prevents rich foreign and domestic businessmen from taking over clubs . Instead , the fans own the majority of the club  at least 50 % plus one , hence the title  . It keeps ticket prices low , and preserves the country 's football culture while ensuring the stadiums are full . Anglo Saxon economics Though the cheapest ticket for a top-grade match in Munich may well cost less than $ 20 -- compared to over $ 80 at Chelsea -- Bayern , and German clubs in general , have enjoyed far less success in Europe over the past decade compared to their English counterparts . "  In England , the change to football mirrored the wider free-market approach to business and the economy generally , " argues David Conn , a journalist for British newspaper The Guardian and a staunch supporter of the German model of ownership . "  State-owned businesses were privatized , and the football clubs were bought , floated on the stock market or sold on , and the few people who owned the shares made a great deal of money for themselves . Ticket prices have risen by around 1,000 % since . "  German football is flourishing with the highest crowds in Europe and Bayern in the final . Yet they had no similar money-obsessed change to the way they had always done things . Bayern has 13,500 standing places , at $ 15  $ 20  each , for top games . "  That is a great beacon for the collective way of running football , and gives the lie to the Premier League argument that selling the clubs to overseas buyers , making them available for people to profit from , and unleashing ticket prices to maximize income is a necessary basis for success . " Premier League revolution The introduction of the Premier League into English football in 1992 transformed everything . Before then , English football was dying under the weight of hooliganism and indifference . The 1989 Hillsborough tragedy , where 96 Liverpool fans standing during a match were crushed to death , also had a huge impact . The tragedy led to the Taylor Report , which recommended all-seater stadiums be made compulsory . In a stroke football found itself rebranded , with a new source of income thanks to Sky 's pioneering purchase of the English game 's television rights . But there was no mechanism to stop the rise of ticket prices to help pay for this bright new era of top-class players being paid six-figure weekly salaries . Nor was there any true barrier to who could own a club . Like any other business in the UK , a football team could be bought and sold by anyone who could borrow enough money . The global popularity made the Premier League popular to global businessmen and after Chelsea was sold to Roman Abramovich , the floodgates opened . Manchester City , which last weekend won the English title for the first time in 44 years , was bought in 2008 by Sheikh Mansour , a member of the Abu Dhabi royal family . He in turn bought the club from former Thai prime minister Thaksin Shinawatra . Across the city , Manchester United was sold to the American Glazer family , owners of the NFL 's Tampa Bay Buccaneers , in a leveraged buyout -- essentially by borrowing money they did n't have . Currently half of the Premier League 's 20 teams are in foreign hands attracted both to its popularity and also the huge numbers involved . Take the Premier League 's latest figures . As many as five billion people watched the 2010-2011 season but it is the prize money that is even more surprising . According to the Sporting Intelligence blog Manchester City took home over # 60 million  close to $ 100 million  for the season , with over half of that figure is in mandatory payments from TV rights . The bottom team , Wolverhampton Wanderers , still secured # 39.1 million  $ 61.9 million  . The upside of money Not everyone sees the downside of the glut of cash that has flowed into the English game . "  Because of fan influence , fans have prevented ticket prices from rising in Germany and they are 50 % lower than in England , " argues Professor Stefan Szymanski , co-author of the book "  Soccernomics . " "  But although tickets prices are twice as high  in England  almost exactly the same amount of people go to watch , and way more people watch second and third-tier football than in Germany . The money gets largely spent on players . "  The money does not go into the pockets of fat cats as the clubs make no money . England pays way higher wages than in Germany . You ask Manchester City fans what they think about large ticket prices , they 'd be quite happy . You get more expensive players and far better performance . " Szymanski points to English clubs ' relative success against German sides in the Champions League over the past decade . English teams have won 36 matches of 68 total encounters , German teams just 16 . "  German fans complain bitterly that their teams are not competitive in Europe because other teams spend more money than they do , " he says , adding that financial transparency is also improved . "  I 've got 95 % of the published accounts in England between 1984 to 2010 -- 3,200 sets of accounts . I physically possess them . England is totally transparent . In Germany , you just have to trust those running the club . " A level playing field ? Not all German clubs are governed by the "  50 +1 " rules . Wolfsburg and Bayer Leverkusen are both owned by corporations -- Volkswagen and the pharmaceutical giant Bayer -- while Hoffenheim has been bankrolled by a German billionaire who officially owns a minority stake but whose money makes the club 's continued presence in the Bundesliga almost entirely dependent on him . And many German soccer fans would recoil in laughter at the thought that Bayern Munich is somehow the club of the people . "  It is not so much the ownership structure , it is that they are the superpower abusing their position , arrogant and systematically weakening all the other teams by buying the best players , " explains CNN contributor and Suddeutsche Zeitung correspondent Raphael Honigstein . "  Maybe the best comparison is with Manchester United 10 years ago , before the Glazers . They had a tremendous supporter base  Bayern boasts a fan base of over nine million in Germany alone  and there was hatred from them because of their success . "  It  the ' 50 +1 ' rule  is good , it has symbolic value and does stop excess . But it does n't really stop people who really want to get involved and it allows for exceptions which angers clubs . It is not the promised land . " Partial proof of this can be found in the remarkable success both clubs have in generating revenue . Although Bayern is 82 % owned by fans  compared to 0 % cent at Chelsea  , according to the 2012 Deloitte Football Money League Bayern made # 71.6 million  $ 113 million  more in revenue last year than Chelsea . Bayern also has a brand new , state-of-the-art , 70,000-capacity stadium and can afford to sign top internationals such as Arjen Robben , Franck Ribery and Mario Gomez . Winner takes all ? Both clubs made it to the final of the Champions League , but will whoever wins truly prove which model is best ? "  I think a victory for Bayern is definitely a victory for the supporter-owned model of a club , " says Conn. . "  German clubs have  standing areas and affordable tickets , so young people and poorer people from all sections of society can still support football , as they have done since the game began -- until 1992 in England . " Of course , if Chelsea fans are celebrating on Saturday , they would beg to differ . * countries : Germany , France , U.K. , Spain , Italy ** countries : Brazil , China , France , Germany , India , Italy , Japan , Poland , Russia , South Korea , Spain , Ukraine , U.K. , USA Source : SPORT+MARKT Market Intelligence and Repucom .	Chelsea take on Bayern Munich in the final of the Champions League Bayern Munich will enjoy home advantage as final is hosted at Allianz Arena Both clubs have drastically different ownership models Chelsea is owned by a Russian billionaire ; Bayern majority by the fans
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A California food processing plant is voluntarily recalling up to 1 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella , the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday . Salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one company that purchased the nuts . The nuts came from Setton Farms in Terra Bella , California , about 75 miles south of Fresno . They were largely distributed in 2,000-pound containers to food wholesalers who would then package them for resale or incorporate them as ingredients in other products , such as ice cream and trail mix . No illnesses have been linked to this case , said Dr. David Acheson , FDA 's associate commissioner . But salmonella strains were found last week during routine test by Kraft Foods , one of about three dozen companies that purchase pistachios from Setton Farms , he said . Kraft notified the FDA on March 24 . Setton Farms did not immediately respond to CNN requests for comment . Acheson emphasized that unlike the recent case of salmonella-tainted peanut butter , this recall was not prompted by an sickness outbreak , saying the decision was a "  proactive " move . He said the FDA has received two recent complaints , from the East and West coasts , from people who say they became ill after eating pistachio products , but a link to Setton Farms has not been confirmed , he said . The FDA is advising consumers not to eat any pistachio products , but not to throw them out , either , because additional recalls are likely and having products that could be turned in would allow for easier tracing of contamination . The agency is setting up a Web site to update the public . Dr. Jeff Farrar , head of the California health department 's food and drug division , said it 's likely that the roasted pistachios will be found in a wide variety of products . He noted that Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation . Raw pistachios are roasted to a temperature that should kill salmonella , Acheson said . Because the roasted products tested positive for salmonella suggest cross-contamination with raw products . Acheson added that the Setton Farms recall is related to the one announced Friday by Kroger , a grocery store chain with stores in 31 states . Kroger recalled Private Selection shelled pistachios from its retail stores because of possible salmonella contamination . Kroger , in a statement Friday , said no illnesses have been reported in connection with the product . In February , Kroger was among retailers that recalled peanut products tied to the Peanut Corporation of America , a Virginia-based company accused by the FDA of knowingly selling peanut butter and peanut paste that was contaminated with salmonella . PCA 's peanut processing plant in Blakely , Georgia , is being investigated in connection with a salmonella outbreak that has sickened more than 500 people and has been linked to eight deaths .	The pistachios , mostly sold to wholesalers , came from Setton Farms in California Kraft is one of three dozen companies to purchase pistachios from Setton Farms No illnesses have been linked to this case so far Setton Farms is the second-largest pistachio processor in the nation
London  CNN  -- The family of the British soldier killed in broad daylight last week urged people angry over the slaying to remain calm and not seek revenge . Attackers killed Lee Rigby a couple of hundred yards away from the Royal Artillery Barracks in the southeast London district of Woolwich . "  We would like to emphasize that Lee would not want people to use his name as an excuse to carry out attacks against others , " the family said in a statement issued Friday by the Ministry of Defence . The killing has sparked an intense investigation by police . They announced two other arrests in the case Friday , of men seized on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms . Authorities also moved a man arrested on the suspicion of killing Rigby from a hospital to a police station . Rigby was run over by a car and then stabbed in a daylight attack on May 22 . Since the killing , anti-Muslim actions and angry social media sentiment have emerged in Britain . But the family stressed that "  it would not wish any other families to go through this harrowing experience and appeal to everyone to keep calm and show their respect in a peaceful manner . " Rigby -- who had served as an infantryman in Afghanistan and Cyprus -- "  loved life and he loved people , " the family statement said . "  He had many friends from different walks of life -- some with different religious beliefs and cultures . But this made no difference to Lee . He always treated others with the greatest of respect , " the family said . The death has been "  devastating , " and the family is grateful for the public 's "  overwhelming support , " in Britain and all over the world , the statement said . "  We have been amazed by the messages of support we have received from all across the globe . We were deeply touched after visiting Woolwich on Sunday and would like to thank those who were in attendance for giving us the time and space to pay our own tributes to our beloved Lee . " The statement came as Queen Elizabeth II on Friday visited the barracks that housed Rigby -- who worked as a military recruiter as well as a ceremonial drummer . A makeshift memorial of flowers and tributes has swelled on the street outside the barracks in the days since his death . The monarch met members of the King 's Troop Royal Horse Artillery during the visit , which was scheduled before the killing . The troop 's duties include firing gun salutes on state occasions and royal anniversaries . "  The queen privately met those who coordinated the barracks response last week to the death of Drummer Lee Rigby , " Buckingham Palace said in a written statement . An inquest into Rigby 's death opened Friday at Southwark Coroner 's Court and was quickly adjourned . Detective Chief Inspector Grant Mallon , the senior investigating officer into the death , detailed the circumstances of Rigby 's killing : After working a day at the Tower of London , Rigby was returning to his barracks in Woolwich when a vehicle swerved and struck him . Two men came out of the vehicle and attacked him with cleavers causing him "  extensive and serious injuries . " The two men moved his "  apparently lifeless body " and remained on the scene until police arrived , when "  both were incapacitated and detained . " In all , 12 people have been arrested in connection with the killing . • Michael Adebowale , 22 , has been charged with murder and with unlawful possession of a firearm . He was discharged from a hospital Tuesday and has been held in custody since at a police station . He made an initial court appearance Thursday . • A 28-year-old arrested on the suspicion of Rigby 's murder is in custody at a south London police station . The man has been identified by family , friends and acquaintances as Michael Adebolajo . He was discharged from a hospital Friday and transferred to the police station . Police said he was "  further arrested " at the station on the suspicion of the attempted murder of a police officer , but did n't provide detail on that charge . • Two men , ages 42 and 46 , have been taken to a south London police station . One was arrested Friday in north London and the other in east London on suspicion of supplying illegal firearms . • Six others have been freed on bail -- the most recent a 50-year-old man arrested Monday night on suspicion of conspiracy to murder . • Two were released without charges . Separately , a man who was arrested after he spoke in an interview about Adebolajo on BBC 's "  Newsnight " has been charged with two counts of dissemination of terrorist publications and one count of encouragement of terrorism . He is Ibrahim Abdullah-Hassan , also known as Abu Nusaybah . The charges are not connected to the Rigby murder investigation , police said . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark wrote and reported from London . CNN 's Joe Sterling wrote and reported from Atlanta . CNN 's Jonathan Wald , Bharati Naik and Claudia Rebaza contributed to this report .	NEW : Two others are arrested in the Lee Rigby murder investigation NEW : One of the suspects in Rigby 's killing is moved to a police station The family says Rigby had friends from "  different walks of life " Queen Elizabeth visits the Woolwich barracks that housed Rigby
Washington  CNN  In 2011 , al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage . Then , about a year later , his family paid money to his captors , said a Pakistani source who was in regular contact with the kidnappers . It did not lead to the American aid worker 's release , and he was inadvertently killed in an anti-terror strike in January , the White House announced Thursday . After the transfer of funds in 2012 , the captors , who never referred to themselves as "  al Qaeda , " but instead as "  Afghans , " began demanding prisoners be released in exchange for Weinstein , most prominently Dr. Aafia Siddiqui of Pakistan , the source said . She has been described as the "  poster girl " for Islamic jihad and is serving an 86-year sentence in the United States . The militants also wanted the release of local militants who hailed from the Pakistani province of Waziristan , along the Afghan border , the source said . The men on the other end of the phone spoke Pashto with an accent typical for the border region . And they were professional in their dealings , said the source , who noticed a marked change after the money was paid . The people who had originally talked to the source about Weinstein vanished and were replaced by new voices on the phone . The militants also connected themselves with other terror events . After ISIS beheaded American James Foley , Weinstein 's Afghan captors told the source that "  the Iraqis " were asking for the American and that they were preparing an "  orange suit " for him -- a reference to the suits that victims have worn when ISIS militants murdered them . When the Taliban released U.S. Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , a militant on the phone bragged to the source that he had been one of Bergdahl 's kidnappers . They had said , at one point , that if they did kill Weinstein , they 'd announce it in a big way , because he was too big a catch not to publicly celebrate . The captors had called the source daily since sometime in 2012 , and the last time the source spoke with them , in early April , they said that Weinstein was still alive . In spite of a request for proof of life , the militants did n't give one . After that , the calls stopped . The source never had a number for the militants ; they had always been the ones who called . The source declined to comment on the amount of money transferred to the captors , leaving the disclosure to Weinstein 's family . Could Weinstein have been saved ? Weinstein 's family in Maryland was initially reluctant to take their case to Congress . Weinstein 's wife , Elaine , and his two daughters worried that drawing attention to their loved one 's plight -- especially media attention -- would make Weinstein , a government contractor working with USAID in Pakistan , a more valuable hostage to his al Qaeda captors . But the family switched course and went to their representatives in Congress in late 2013 after a video of Weinstein -- frail and apparently in declining health -- surfaced in which he said he felt "  totally abandoned and forgotten " by his country . Will the drone debate return ? More than a year later , that reluctance evolved into a close bond between the Weinsteins and the Maryland delegation of lawmakers and staff who pressed Weinstein 's case with the Obama administration as well as Pakistan . The congressional offices helped the family navigate the maze of government agencies working to free their loved one , according to one of those lawmakers and a Senate aide . "  We do n't get choked up too often at work , " Algene Sajery said as she held back tears . "  But this is really hard . " Sajery is a foreign policy adviser to Sen. Ben Cardin , D-Maryland , who worked closely on the case . After the White House announced that Weinstein had been accidentally killed in a January U.S. drone strike , the aide 's first call was to Weinstein 's daughters . "  Myself and my colleague worked really closely with them , talked to them all the time ... they 're just such good people , " Sajery said of the family . "  There 's a personal connection there . " Cardin and his staff had tracked the Weinstein case since news of his abduction surfaced in August 2011 , but when the family reached out to get help pressing their case , Cardin 's staff joined forces with Rep. John Delaney , the Weinsteins ' congressman , and began setting up meetings for the family . Cardin 's staff set up meetings for the senator and Weinstein 's family with everyone from the U.S. special representative to Afghanistan and Pakistan to the Pakistani ambassador in Washington . Cardin and Sen. Barbara Mikulski , D-Maryland , wrote to President Barack Obama , calling on the U.S. to beef up efforts to secure Weinstein 's release and dedicate more resources to the cause . And the staff and lawmakers helped the Weinsteins weave through the network of agencies -- from the FBI to the State Department and the White House -- working to bring Weinstein home . "  We focused on making sure that the capabilities of the government was well coordinated , " Delaney told CNN on Thursday . "  The government is a bureaucracy , and you have to make sure that it 's working . " But for the Weinsteins and the families of other American hostages held by terror groups abroad , the government has n't always worked well enough -- a frustration that was palpable to the staffers on Capitol Hill who worked to help them . Al Qaeda hostage Warren Weinstein killed "  Unfortunately , the assistance we received from other elements of the U.S. Government was inconsistent and disappointing over the course of three and a half years , " Elaine Weinstein said in a statement Thursday . "  We hope that my husband 's death and the others who have faced similar tragedies in recent months will finally prompt the U.S. Government to take its responsibilities seriously and establish a coordinated and consistent approach to supporting hostages and their families . " It 's a criticism that has resurfaced as the families of American hostages were killed abroad spoke up and voiced their frustrations with what they characterized as insufficient U.S. government efforts to bring their loved ones home . Delaney was "  saddened , disappointed and outraged that our government was not able to bring Warren home , " he said in a statement Thursday . And in an interview with CNN later in the day , he strayed away from blaming the Obama administration or people in various U.S. agencies , instead pointing the finger at a disjointed system . The Weinstein family 's frustration with that system boiled over last summer when Bergdahl , the U.S. Army sergeant , was released by a Taliban-affiliated group in exchange for five Guantanamo Bay prisoners . The U.S. policy of not negotiating with terrorists appeared to have an exception . "  It 's one of those things where it 's both there 's some hope , but at the same time it caused them some great frustration , " Delaney recalled , saying the family asked : "  Why not Warren ? " But as the State Department called the Bergdahl exchange a "  unique situation , " the Weinsteins ' hopes were dashed . "  That 's when they asked us to really step up our efforts , " Sajery said . "  That 's when they decided to really go public . " Delaney introduced a resolution calling on the Obama administration to use all tools necessary to bring Weinstein home and make his return -- and that of other U.S. hostages abroad -- a top priority . Mikulski , Cardin and Sens. Dick Durbin and Mark Kirk of Illinois pushed a similar resolution in the Senate . And the Weinsteins took to the airwaves , with Alisa Weinstein appearing on CNN 's "  AC360 " to make a public appeal for her father 's release -- and for the U.S. government to do more to secure his freedom . "  My father is just as deserving of freedom as Sgt. Bergdahl , as are all of the Americans who are being held abroad , " she said on CNN last June . "  You can not distinguish between these hostages . ... They ca n't just pick and choose , decide that it works to get one person out and then leave everybody else there . " White House press secretary Josh Earnest on Thursday said that "  significant resources " were dedicated to try to free Weinstein and that "  as painful as it is , " the U.S policy of not negotiating with terrorists would remain in place , arguing that removing that policy could promote kidnappings abroad and put more Americans at risk . And State Department acting spokeswoman Marie Harf said many officials at the department were in touch with the Weinsteins throughout the process . While the U.S. policy of not negotiating with terrorists would remain in place , the State Department is reviewing how it works to secure the release of American hostages held by terrorists abroad , she said . The White House announced the review last fall , which Obama ordered last summer after terrorists killed or kidnapped Americans abroad . Speaking at the Office of the Director of National Intelligence on Friday , Obama reiterated that the White House will review what happened . "  We all bleed when we lose an American life , " he said . "  We all grieve when any innocent life is taken . We do n't take this work lightly . " Obama made to sure to praise the intelligence community overall , noting that much of their accomplishments remain classified , while only their failures become public . "  The world does n't always see your successes -- the threats you prevent , or the terrorist attacks you thwart , or the lives that you save , " Obama said . "  It can be frustrating sometimes , but that 's part of the function of our democracy . But I know what you do . " But Delaney , the Weinsteins ' congressman , is revving up to push for more reforms that will make government agencies more effective at finding and freeing American hostages held abroad . Delaney on Thursday called on the government to streamline the efforts of various agencies and countries in the region that help the U.S. find American hostages -- an effort he 's been pushing in recent months . The tragedy of Weinstein 's death could be just the momentum needed to spur those reforms . "  I think that every single American wants any American held hostage returned , " Delaney said . "  There 's tremendous support to do more . " On Friday , Elaine Weinstein said in a statement that the family has "  been moved by the tremendous outpouring of support from around the world . " "  We appreciate the sympathy and condolences we have received from those who knew the Warren we loved so much as well as those who did not , " the statement said . "  Our thoughts and prayers are with the families of others who have been taken hostage around the world as they endure these terrible ordeals . " CNN 's Sophia Saifi reported from Islamabad , Pakistan ; Jeremy Diamond reported and wrote from Washington ; Saima Mohsin reported from Bangkok . CNN 's Ben Brumfield contributed to this report .	About a year after al Qaeda took Warren Weinstein hostage , his family paid a ransom , a Pakistani source says The captors demanded that other prisoners be released , the source says Weinstein , an American aid worker , was killed in a drone strike in January , the U.S. says
CNN  -- Doctors said Wednesday the prognosis is excellent for California Gov. Jerry Brown , who is undergoing treatment for localized prostate cancer . "  Fortunately , this is early-stage localized prostate cancer , which is being treated with a short course of conventional radiotherapy , " said oncologist Dr. Eric Small of the University of California , San Francisco , according to a statement from Brown 's office . Brown , 74 , is maintaining a full work schedule and is not expected to have significant side effects from the treatment , which is expected to be completed in early January , his office said .	"  This is early-stage localized prostate cancer , " an oncologist says Brown 's treatment is expected to be completed in early January , his office says
New York  CNN  A New York City police officer has been indicted in the death of Akai Gurley , an unarmed man shot and killed in a Brooklyn housing project in November , a law enforcement official with knowledge of the investigation has told CNN . The charges against Officer Peter Liang were not revealed Tuesday . Gurley , 28 , was "  a total innocent who just happened " to run into Liang in a "  pitch black " stairwell at the Louis H. Pink Houses in Brooklyn , New York Police Commissioner William Bratton told reporters the day after the killing . At the time , the NYPD said the fatal shot was an "  accidental discharge . " Liang , with less than 18 months on the job and on probationary status , had been placed on modified assignment and stripped of his gun and badge pending an investigation . "  This officer deserves the same due process afforded to anyone involved in the accidental death of another , " Patrick Lynch , head of the police union , said in a Tuesday statement . "  The fact the he was assigned to patrol one most dangerous housing projects in New York City must be considered among the circumstances of this tragic accident . " Liang 's attorney declined comment . Scott Rynecki , an attorney for Kimberly Ballinger , Gurley 's domestic partner and mother of their child , said , "  She is at this point feeling that this is the first step in the fight for justice for this wrongful and reckless shooting . " In a statement , Mayor Bill de Blasio said , "  It has been reported that a Brooklyn grand jury has acted in this case . No matter the specific charges , this case is an unspeakable tragedy for the Gurley family . We urge everyone to respect the judicial process as it unfolds . " Liang and his partner were part of a "  violence reduction overtime detail " at the Pink Houses , where a spate of serious crimes have been reported in recent months , including two robberies and four assaults , Bratton told reporters after the shooting . The officers had taken an elevator to the building 's top floor to check on the roof and were taking the stairs down from the 8th floor , Bratton said , when the officer discharged the weapon . There were no lights in the stairwell leading up to the roof . Liang drew a flashlight and his weapon "  for safety reasons , " the police commissioner said . The other officer did not draw his gun . In the darkened stairwell , Liang 's gun discharged about the same time that Gurley , the father of a 2-year-old child , and his girlfriend were entering the seventh-floor landing , Bratton said . Shot once in the chest , Gurley died at a hospital . The lights on the seventh and eighth floors were not working , Bratton said . The police commissioner said the decision on when to draw a weapon is the discretion of officers "  based on what they are encountering or believe they may encounter . So there is not a specific prohibition against taking a firearm out . But again , as in all cases , an officer would have to justify the circumstances that required him to or resulted in unholstering his firearm . " The shooting also is being investigated by police internal affairs . "  This is a tragic situation , " de Blasio told reporters after the shooting . "  It does appear to have been a very tragic accident . " The Brooklyn District Attorney 's Office had no comment on the indictment , but District Attorney Ken Thompson , in a statement days after the incident , called the shooting "  deeply troubling . " Gurley 's shooting occurred at a time of strained police/community relations after the July death of Eric Garner at the hands of police on Staten Island . The chokehold death of the unarmed 43-year-old man sparked street protests , a review of police procedures and calls for a federal civil rights investigation . A grand jury declined to prosecute the officer . A few weeks after Garner 's death , the police shooting in Ferguson , Missouri , of unarmed teenager Michael Brown thrust into the forefront the issue of law enforcement 's use of deadly force . A grand jury declined to prosecute Officer Darren Wilson , a decision that led to national demonstrations .	Charges against Officer Peter Liang are not revealed Akai Gurley , 28 , was shot and killed at a Brooklyn housing project in November
CNN  -- President Obama 's poll numbers have hit a new low and he 's under fire for everything from the rise of ISIS to the response to the Ebola threat . So it may seem surprising to many readers that the Nobel Prize-winning economist Paul Krugman -- who has been one of the president 's strongest critics from the left -- has written a cover story for Rolling Stone entitled "  In Defense of Obama . " The article is important . Krugman rightfully directs our attention away from approval ratings and popularity -- measures that do n't tell us much about the place of our leaders in American history -- insisting instead that we should be focused on things that a president actually does . By this measure , Krugman now argues that this administration has done a pretty good job overall . Indeed , as he moves through a list of his major policy accomplishments , Krugman concludes that Obama 's legacy is downright impressive compared to his predecessors . "  Despite bitter opposition , " Krugman writes , "  despite having come close to self-inflicted disaster , Obama has emerged as one of the most consequential and , yes , successful presidents in American history . " But it is much too early to tell whether Krugman 's report card is correct . While he is spot on when saying that the policy record matters much more than short-term popularity as measured in the polls , the policy record of any president is extremely difficult to evaluate before a president has even finished his time in office . The other presidents who Krugman would hope that Obama has been able to emulate -- as well as conservative leaders , like Ronald Reagan and  I would argue George W. Bush  who have had lasting policy records -- could n't really be judged until many years after leaving the White House . It usually takes some time to see whether a policy works . When LBJ pushed Congress to pass Medicare in 1965 , policymakers were still unclear whether the program would really eliminate the horrendous conditions facing elderly Americans , most of whom could not afford adequate health care . But the final legislation that passed Congress , which added physicians insurance and Medicaid to the hospital insurance that Lyndon Johnson had supported , proved to be a stunning success . While the programs have been far from perfect , a fascinating book edited by Sheldon Danzinger and Martha Bailey , "  Legacies of the War on Poverty , " convincingly demonstrates that the policies were extremely effective at eliminating this as a major social problem . But we did n't know that yet when Johnson was stepping down . In 1986 and 1987 , Ronald Reagan caused quite a stir among his own supporters when he moved forward with negotiations with Mikhail Gorbachev , culminating in the INF agreement . Over the next few years we saw that this was an important step in the end of the Cold War . Yet from the perspective of 1988 , the nation could n't tell where this would all go . While there is evidence that Affordable Care Act is having a substantial impact we do n't yet have enough evidence to judge how well it will do in ending the problem of uninsured Americans and lowering the costs of premiums . Another measure that we use to judge whether policies are successful has to do with their ability to outlast the political coalition that built them . Do they become entrenched in the system so that changes in the political winds do n't result in their being dismantled ? The Federal Reserve system , created during the presidency of Woodrow Wilson , is an enduring and ingrained part of the nation 's banking system over a century later . The agricultural policies that FDR put in place with Congress remain an integral part of the farming economy , as do the basic protections afforded to Americans who deposit their savings in banks . The Civil Rights Act of 1964 has been accepted by politicians from both parties even after many years of conservative backlash toward policies promoting racial equality . The same is true with the achievements of some conservative presidents . Although there have been a series of tax increases since 1982 , no president has overturned the basic slash in income tax rates achieved by Reagan in 1981 that forever depleted the government of needed revenue . Thus far , President George W. Bush 's vast expansion of the national security state in 9/11 has remained firmly in place ; in fact it has expanded , even with President Obama in office . While presidential popularity does n't tell us much about how a leader stacks up in history , the long-term popularity of programs does matter . Great policies usually generate loyal constituencies . This is part of what makes them so difficult to retrench . President Roosevelt famously said about Social Security taxes , "  with those damn taxes , no damn politician can ever scrap my Social Security program . " He was right . Americans came to expect this as a benefit because of the taxes they paid , while millions of elderly Americans soon came to love their monthly pensionsâ $ " as did middle class families who felt relief from having t \ o shoulder the entire responsibility of taking care of their parents after their retirement . Right now , we do n't know if Obama 's programs will have this kind of feedback effect . His health care program remains unpopular , though more Americans want the program reformed rather than repealed , while his financial regulations have certainly not generated great admiration from middle class Americans who still feel that the world of finance favors the wealthy and who are less than confident the system wo n't collapse again . Obama 's economic stimulus programs clearly helped the nation lift itself out of the Great Recession , but most Americans do n't credit his policies with the improvements that the nation has seen and many feel that the president did n't do enough to help with the bigger structural problems facing a shrinking middle class dealing with insecurity . So Krugman has put forth an enormously important argument , but it is just too early to tell whether his early report card is correct . We need much more time to see what happens with the next administration , as well as what comes after , before we can really start to make clear judgments as to whether Obama 's accomplishments were historic or whether he ends up being remembered as an average president .	Nobel-winning economist Krugman writes that Obama is one of most successful presidents Julian Zelizer : Obama 's policies on health care , economy , regulation could prove successful But he says it 's much too early to evaluate Obama 's overall impact Zelizer : Decisions made by LBJ , Reagan , others were hard to fully assess for many years
CNN  -- Lionel Messia , Andres Iniesta and Cristiano Ronaldo have been shortlisted by UEFA for the 2011/12 best player in Europe award . The three Spain-based players came top of a poll of 53 journalists from UEFA 's member associations . Andrea Pirlo of Juventus finished fourth , while Barcelona 's Xavi came in fifth . Lionel Messi won Uefa 's inaugural best player in Europe award in 2011 . The European award has replaced the Ballon d'Or which merged with Fifa 's world player of the year award in 2010 . Last season , Ronaldo led his Real Madrid side to their first La Liga title since 2008 , beating Messi and Iniesta 's Barcelona side into second . Messi , however , enjoyed some revenge as he claimed the European Golden Shoe award ahead of the Portuguese forward . Messi 's 50 goal haul was the highest ever total , while Ronaldo narrowly missed out on becoming the first person to win the Golden Shoe award three times , finishing second with 46 goals . Andres Iniesta was recently crowned player of the tournament at Euro 2012 , as Spain became the first side to defend the European Championship crown . The winner will be decided with a live vote during the Champions League draw on August 30th .	Lionel Messi looking to claim second consecutive best player prize Cristiano Ronaldo led Real Madrid to the La Liga title Andres Iniesta was named player of the tournament at Euro 2012 The winner will be announced on August 30th
Editor 's note : Below is an excerpt from Larry King 's autobiography , "  My Remarkable Journey , " published by Weinstein books . Larry King anchors "  Larry King Live " at 9 p.m. ET on CNN . Larry , left , at age 10 with his younger brother , Marty , shortly after their father died . I was walking home from the library carrying nine books . That 's the way my memory sees it . I ca n't know for sure if it was exactly nine books . Maybe I picture nine books because I was nine years old . I 'm certain that I was nine years old , because I 'm sure of the date -- June 9 , 1943 . There were a lot of books under my arm on that summer day because I loved books . I wonder what happened to those nine books ... There were three squad cars in front of my apartment building . Flivvers , we called them . I do n't remember exactly when I started to hear my mother 's screams . But as I hurried up the steps , a cop quickly came down , straight for me . He picked me up and the books went flying . Watch Larry on his "  Remarkable journey " " I 'm not sure if I knew the cop . But I may have . For years , before the war started and my father went to work in the defense plant , he 'd owned a little neighborhood bar and grill . He was friendly with all the cops . The cops loved my father the way they loved any bar owner who had a great sense of humor . I remember having my own police costume when I was very young . A badge and a little nightstick came with it . I 'd make like I was walking the beat . The cop put me in the squad car . He told me that my father had died . Heart attack . I did n't cry . I remember that . I did n't cry . I was more befuddled than anything else . It must have been difficult for the cop . He started the car and drove . We wound through the streets of Brownsville and ended up at a movie theater . I 'll never forget the movie , Bataan , starring Robert Taylor as Sergeant Bill Dane . It was about a bunch of American soldiers trying to stave off the Japanese invasion of the Philippines . Larry King 's life in pictures " Sergeant Dane and his patrol are ordered to blow up a bridge to stop the advancing enemy . They 're cut down one by one until only Sergeant Dane and two others remain . The first is killed by a sniper . The second is stabbed by a Japanese soldier who 'd been playing dead . The movie ends with Sergeant Dane firing his machine gun straight into the camera at the Japanese soldiers coming at him in one last act of courage and defiance . I do n't remember what it was like when I got home that day . A lot about that day I 've blocked out . My younger brother Marty has blocked it out , too . He was only six at the time . But there are a few more memories attached . I did n't go to the funeral . I 'd been so close to my father -- yet I refused to go . I stayed at home . There must 've been somebody watching me , but I remember being alone . I remember bouncing a spaldeen -- the Spalding rubber ball we used to play stickball -- off the front stoop . Two other things I can tell you for sure . I never went back to that library again , and from that day on I was nervous if I saw a squad car in my neighborhood . If one parked by my apartment building , I 'd start running home , in fear that my mother had died .	Larry was 9 years old when his father died of a heart attack in 1943 Larry says he has blocked much of that day from his memory He recalls a police officer broke the news , then took him to see a movie Larry refused to attend funeral though he and his father were extremely close
CNN  -- It takes seven minutes to execute a death row inmate , according to the state of Texas . Mike Graczyk poses outside the Texas death chamber prior to an execution in January . At that rate , Mike Graczyk has spent about 40 hours of his life watching men -- and a few women -- die . Graczyk , a correspondent for The Associated Press , is believed to hold a macabre record . He 's almost certainly watched more executions than anyone else in the United States . "  I ca n't possibly imagine there 's been someone present at more than Mike , " said Michelle Lyons , the spokeswoman for the Texas Department of Criminal Justice , which uses lethal injection at its execution chamber in Huntsville . Since the death penalty was reinstated in 1976 , no state has executed more inmates than Texas . And no one has witnessed more of them than Graczyk . He 's on the witness list for 315 of the state 's 439 executions -- more than any other reporter , prison employee or chaplain -- and no records were kept for another 80 . Interactive map : See how Texas compares with other states " In his early days , he kept count . But he eventually stopped . He did n't want to know . "  In one circle , I was perceived as putting notches on my gun belt , " the 59-year-old reporter said . "  I did n't like that . " Prison regulations in Texas require The Associated Press to be given one of the five designated media witness passes for each execution . Graczyk works in the AP 's Houston bureau -- it 's closest to the state 's execution chamber in Huntsville . Since the early 1980s , he 's made the hourlong drive north almost every time an inmate has faced the needle . The first was March 13 , 1984 , for the execution of James "  Cowboy " Autry , convicted of shooting a female store clerk between the eyes with a .38 - caliber revolver while arguing over a six-pack of beer . She died , along with a former Catholic priest that Autry killed at the crime scene . "  The first time definitely leaves an impression on you , " Graczyk said . There are others that stand out along the way . Graczyk remembers Bob Black , convicted of killing his wife and trying to collect the insurance money . "  I walked into the death house , and he was strapped to the table and he said , ` Hey Mike , how are you doing ? ' It threw me for a loop . " Graczyk said it 's normal for him to know the name of the condemned and not uncommon for the reverse to be true . There have been others who greeted Graczyk by name with a needle in their arm . Once , while waiting to be let into the death house , a prisoner phoned him in the media holding area . It was the inmate whose execution Graczyk was about to witness . "  He said , ' I just wanted to call and make sure you were OK . ' I was flabbergasted . " Over the years , the inmate 's name has slipped from Graczyk 's memory , but not the unexpected phone conversation . "  I do n't think he had any family to call , " he said . There was Ponchai Wilkerson , who once nearly escaped from death row and , years later , coughed up a handcuff key as he lay dying from his injection . There was the "  Candy Man , " Ronald Clark O'Bryan -- convicted of poisoning his child 's Halloween candy with cyanide -- and the gauntlet of college students wearing Halloween masks who showed up to cheer . And Karla Faye Tucker , the first woman executed in Texas since the 1800s . He remembers a network correspondent crying after her death -- and another blow-drying his hair . Of the entire death chamber ritual , Graczyk said , it 's the final statements that stick in his mind . Some have been confessions . Others were denials . Poetry . Prayers . Bible verses . Curses . Emotions ranging from defiance to resignation . There was Jonathan Nobles , an electrician who stabbed two people to death . He sang "  Silent Night . " "  Ever since then , I think of him on Christmas or Christmas Eve when I 'm in church , " Graczyk said . "  That 's the kind of thing that haunts you . " The person who may come closest to Graczyk 's status also felt things that haunted him . Don Reid , a writer for the AP and , before that , a Texas newspaper , witnessed 189 executions in the 1960s , when Texas still strapped inmates to "  Old Sparky , " the nickname for the state 's electric chair . The experience changed Reid , who died in 1981 , from a supporter of the death penalty to an opponent . He wrote a book , "  Have a Seat , Please , " chronicling that transformation . Graczyk said he does n't worry about the mental toll of watching so many deaths . His bosses with the AP have offered counseling . He 's declined . "  To see someone go to sleep -- not to sound insensitive -- but the carnage at the murder scene is harder than what you see in the death house in Huntsville , " he said . Over a 25-year career , Graczyk said , the executions have only been a small portion of his work . He finds balance in those other stories . As a journalist , Graczyk never answers the question when friends ask his own views on the death penalty . "  I 'm not sure I really know , " he said . But as long as Texas keeps executing people , Graczyk said , it 's important that he keep showing up . The next execution in Huntsville was scheduled for Thursday before the condemned , convicted murderer Kenneth Mosley , was granted a reprieve until September . If the execution goes ahead then , Graczyk plans to make the drive . "  I would hate for the state of Texas to take someone 's life and no one be there , " he said . CNN 's Doug Gross contributed to this report .	Texas reporter has covered executions in Texas since the early 1980s Graczyk stopped counting , did n't want "  notches on my gun belt " Inmates waiting to die have greeted him by name , called to check up on him He says he does n't worry about the mental toll and has declined counseling
CNN  -- Here 's a question for you : What do you think life in the United States would be like if there were no minimum wage ? If employers were allowed to pay workers anything they wanted ? Would much of American life turn into something out of Charles Dickens ? Or would the country flourish ? It 's not as outrageous a notion as it sounds . For most of the time this nation has existed , that was the case : There simply was no such thing as a minimum wage . Right now the minimum-wage debate is in the news because President Barack Obama has proposed that it be raised . Currently , the federal minimum wage is $ 7.25 per hour ; Obama wants it to be raised to $ 9 per hour . In his State of the Union address this month , the president said : "  Let 's declare that in the wealthiest nation on Earth , no one who works full-time should have to live in poverty . " The political battle will be over how much -- if at all -- the $ 7.25 minimum wage should be raised . There is significant opposition to an increase ; Rep. John Boehner of Ohio , speaker of the House of Representatives , summed it up when he said : "  When you raise the price of employment , guess what happens ? You get less of it . Why would we want to make it harder for small employers to hire people ? " There was no U.S. minimum wage at all until the eve of World War II . States had tried to institute minimum wages , but the United States Supreme Court repeatedly struck down those state laws . The Supreme Court 's reasoning was that a minimum wage deprived workers of the right to set the price of their own labor . CNNMoney : The impact of a $ 9 minimum wage This sounded increasingly absurd during the Great Depression . President Franklin D. Roosevelt , knowing he had the nation on his side , threw down the gauntlet when he proclaimed : "  All but the hopeless reactionary will agree that to conserve our primary resources of manpower , government must have some control over maximum hours , minimum wages , the evil of child labor , and the exploitation of unorganized labor . " A federal minimum-wage law was passed that the Supreme Court did not overturn . And so , in 1938 , the first federal minimum wage went into effect : Twenty-five cents per hour . As the number has increased over the decades , there have always been serious voices in agreement with Boehner 's position : that when the minimum wage is raised , businesses are able to hire and pay fewer workers , so that not only is the economy harmed , but people who want jobs have a more difficult time finding them . On the other side , some economists argue that the higher-minimum-wages-means-fewer-jobs theory is , in the phrase used by former Secretary of Labor Robert Reich , "  baloney . " Reich recently wrote that providing a bottom line beneath which workers ' hourly pay must not fall is the nation 's moral duty , and "  a decent society should do no less . " The minimum wage has been a part of American life for so long now that very few citizens have any memory of a time when it did not exist . But the United States was built by workers who were guaranteed no minimum wage -- in a country that , until the 1938 law , let the marketplace determine how much anyone was paid . Reich 's contention is that there is really no such thing as "  a ` market ' that exists separate from society ... -LSB- T -RSB- here 's no ` market ' in a state of nature , just survival of the fittest . " Some states have their own minimum-wage standards that are higher than the federal rate ; the states are free to demand that workers earn more per hour than the federal $ 7.25 level , but may not pass laws that pay workers less . One of those states is Florida , where the current minimum wage is $ 7.79 per hour . I asked Mike King , a grocery worker in Collier County earning the minimum wage , if the increase to $ 9 would make an appreciable difference in his life . "  There 's no question about it , " he said . What may seem like small change to wealthier people , he said , would allow people in his situation to be at least a little better off : "  I 'd be able to buy better quality food some of the time . I could pay for gas and car insurance , so I could drive to my job instead of taking public transportation or riding a bicycle . And it would help me be able to pay my electricity and phone bills on time . " The federal minimum-wage law has always served a symbolic purpose beyond setting a specific number . It has sent a signal to even the lowest-paid workers : The country believes that what you do has value . The country will offer you a layer of protection that no one can undercut . Today 's column began with one question , so let 's end it with another . If there had never been a minimum-wage law passed -- if , as in the years before 1938 , Americans today could be paid as little as employers could get away with -- and if , in 2013 , someone in Congress proposed the first law ever that would guarantee workers a minimum wage ... . Do you think , in our current political atmosphere , such a law would have a chance of passing ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene asks : What would life in U.S. be like if there were no minimum wage For most of U.S. history , there was no minimum wage ; it started in 1938 under FDR Obama wants to raise it . Others , like Speaker Boehner , oppose it as costly to business Greene : With minimum wage nation tells workers : What you do has value worth protecting
CNN  -- It 's a boy ! And an Internet punchline ! As you may have heard , Monday in London , Prince William and wife Catherine celebrated the birth of their first child -- the world 's most-anticipated baby since ... well , Kim and Kanye 's daughter last month . The little fella is named George Alexander Louis , or , if you 're being formal about it , His Royal Highness Prince George of Cambridge . You know , his street name . The Internet , which has rarely encountered a news event it ca n't poke fun at , greeted the news with the expected mix of celebration , marketing ploys and jokes . Mostly jokes . Here are some of our favorites  If you ca n't see the Storify below , click here  : .	The Internet had some laughs about Monday 's royal birth Jokesters on Twitter offered suggestions for baby names Some companies used the occasion for baby-themed online marketing
CNN  -- A second runner missing since Monday was found alive near a ravine on a rugged mountain trail in Southern California hours after her running partner was found , an Orange County Sheriff 's spokesman told CNN . Runner Maria "  Gina " Natera-Armenta , 34 , is severely dehydrated and in serious condition , officials said . Authorities and fellow runners had been looking for Maria "  Gina " Natera-Armenta , 34 , and her brother-in-law , Fidel Diaz , 50 , since Monday . Diaz was found about 1 p.m. ET Wednesday , but the search for Natera-Armenta continued as police questioned him . Orange County Sheriff 's officials , searching the area by helicopter , eventually spotted Natera-Armenta waving from the ravine , which was about five miles from the sheriff 's command post , Orange County Sheriff spokesman Lt. Jim Amormino . "  She was lying in the shady area , " Amormino said . "  She did see the helicopter before , but did n't have enough energy to get up . " Natera-Armenta is in serious condition , and was severely dehydrated when she was found , Amormino said . She is currently in the intensive care unit at Mission Hospital in Mission Viejo , California . The pair had set out at 5:30 a.m. Sunday . According to their spouses , they planned to do an eight - to 10-hour run on a remote mountain trail in the Cleveland National Forest near San Diego . But it was n't until Monday night that their spouses individually reported to police that the two were missing . Natera-Armenta and Diaz are ultrarunners , devotees of an endurance sport in which it 's common to trek and run for many hours over rugged terrain . Natera-Armenta is an experienced ultrarunner and was a top finisher at a 100-mile race in San Diego .	NEW : Official : Second ultrarunner found in serious condition with severe dehydration NEW : Spokesman : Woman found when helicopter spotted her waving Police : California runners leave at 5:30 a.m. Sunday , reported missing Monday Maria "  Gina " Natera-Armenta and Fidel Diaz said they planned long run in forest
Washington  CNN  -- The Democratic-controlled Senate on Wednesday rejected two proposed versions for a balanced budget amendment to the Constitution -- a setback to GOP leaders and conservative activists who say the measure is necessary to end the federal government 's spiraling deficit spending . A Democratic version opposed by Republicans fell on a 21-79 vote . Then a Republican version also failed to get the two-thirds majority required with a 47-53 vote . Last month , the Republican-controlled House of Representatives failed to pass a GOP-proposed amendment , falling 23 votes shy of the two-thirds majority required for passage . The congressional votes on the amendment were agreed to by both parties in August as part of the agreement raising Washington 's debt ceiling . Democratic leaders , however , are vehemently opposed to the idea , arguing that it would force the government into an economically destructive cycle of massive spending cuts . Sen. Dick Durbin , D-Illinois , said Wednesday that a step as historically significant as a constitutional amendment was unnecessary . Getting government spending under control "  takes political will , even political courage , " Durbin said , but "  it does n't take a constitutional amendment . " Conservative Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch of Utah disagreed , saying Congress has repeatedly proved it 's unable to control itself on spending . "  We are taxing and spending this country into bankruptcy , " Hatch said , later adding , "  We do n't have any restraint around here . " Despite the proposal 's defeat , it has been favored by the public . Nearly three in four Americans favored passage of the amendment in a July 18-20 CNN/ORC International Poll , while 24 % were opposed . Sixty percent of Americans say they believe a balanced budget amendment is necessary to get the deficit under control , according to the poll . The House passed a balanced budget amendment in 1995 , but the measure fell one vote short in the Senate in both 1995 and 1997 .	Two versions fail to get the two-thirds majority required The votes were required under the debt ceiling agreement reached in August A Republican version of the amendment previously failed to pass the House
