Mental Floss  -- For most of us , college donations entail little more than occasionally dropping a small check in the mail after receiving repeated pleas for cash from our alma maters . Some people , though , tend to be a bit more individualistic with their generosity . Let 's take a look at some of the quirkier donations schools have received : 1 . Bequest puts jocks on the ropes In 1907 , fledgling Swarthmore College received a bequest that was estimated to be worth somewhere between $ 1 and $ 3 million . If the school wanted the cash , though , it would have to stop participating in intercollegiate sports . Swarthmore badly needed the cash -- its entire endowment was only in the $ 1 million range -- but in the end , the school turned down the gift and the sports survived . 2 . Ivy League has to produce homemakers When former Massachusetts Attorney General A.E. Pillsbury gave Harvard , Yale , Princeton , and Columbia $ 25,000 apiece in his 1931 will , he had a catch in mind : the schools had to use the bequests to combat the feminist movement that had "  already begun to impair the family as the basis of civilization and its advance . " Pillsbury envisioned the schools creating a lectureship that could help keep women in the home . 3 . Auburn goes to the dogs When Miss Eleanor Elizabeth Ritchey , granddaughter of the founder of the Quaker State Oil Refining Company , died in 1968 , she left Auburn University a generous gift of $ 2.5 million . She also gave the school something a bit more unusual : the responsibility for 150 dogs . Ritchey , who owned a ranch in Florida and loved to adopt homeless dogs , made the large cash donation contingent on the school finding good homes for all 150 of her dogs . The cash was then earmarked for veterinary research . Mental Floss : Videos : Dogs welcoming home soldiers 4 . Bryn Mawr goes on the clock Did Bryn Mawr need any new clocks in 1957 ? It did n't matter . They were getting one . Philadelphia physician Florence Chapman Child left the school $ 50,000 in her will if they would also agree to take her 150-year-old grandfather clock . The doctor stipulated that the school 's administrators had to "  install it in an appropriate place , keep it in proper condition and repair , make no changes in the fundamental appearance , and are not to have it electrified . " 5 . Donor wants flowers in perpetuity For years , Indiana University offered a scholarship with a strange condition : the recipient was supposed to drive from Bloomington to Indianapolis once a year to put flowers on the donor 's grave . The school gradually decided it was a bit much to ask a student to take a roadtrip to a stranger 's headstone , though , so for 20 years it did n't enforce the requirement . Eventually the donor 's attorney found out that the flowers were n't being placed , but instead of being indignant he worked with the school to remove the clause from the bequest . 6 . Colleges find a fountainhead of cash In 2008 , Marshall University received a $ 1 million gift to establish the BB&T Center for the Advancement of American Capitalism . The catch was that the school had to agree to teach Ayn Rand 's "  Atlas Shrugged " as part of its curriculum . BB&T executives said the requirement was designed to spark debate on the ethical underpinnings of capitalism . This was n't the first time BB&T had made this sort of gift , either . In 2005 , it gave the University of North Carolina Charlotte another million big ones to make "  Atlas Shrugged " required reading for its students . 7 . Small potatoes lead to big cash In 1950 , the government had a surplus of potatoes and started looking for ways to get rid of the excess tubers . The Department of Agriculture decided to give the potatoes to Hiwassee College , a small Methodist school in eastern Tennessee . College president D.R. Youell told the government that he did n't want its charity , though . A short time later , the school received a $ 10,000 donation with a note praising the institution for taking a stand against "  the dangerous trends toward socialism in our Government . " Mental Floss : 7 College Cheating Scandals 8 . College profits from a racist will When Dr. Jesse C. Coggins died in 1962 , he left his estate to the Keswick nursing home so it could construct a new building . Coggins made a last-minute change to the will , though , that stipulated that the building would only house white patients . In 1999 , a court ruled that the racist stipulation effectively voided the gift and gave the entire estate -- which had grown to $ 28.8 million -- to the will 's backup beneficiary , the University of Maryland Medical Center . 9 . Donor affects fashion from beyond the grave Radcliffe once received a piece of jewelry as a bequest . A nice gift , to be sure , but the late donor was a bit bossy . She was n't just donating the piece of jewelry ; she stipulated in the gift that the president of Radcliffe must wear the accessory . 10 . Small college enters the Scientific Instrument Business By the time Erick O. Schonstedt died in 1993 , he had built his 40-year-old business , the Schonstedt Instrument Company , into a $ 6-million-a-year enterprise . There was a problem , though . If he wanted to leave the business to a relative or an employee , the estate taxes would have been nearly $ 3 million . None of his prospective heirs had that sort of loot on hand . Schonstedt , a University of Minnesota alum , got creative . He gave the company to Augustana College , a school that , like Schonstedt , had Swedish Lutheran affiliations . Rather than simply turning around and flipping the business for cash , though , Augustana decided to run it . The school instituted new sales models , found cost savings , and changed the company 's product mix , and after two years was exceeding profit targets by 25 percent . In 2008 , the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences at North Carolina State received a similar gift ; a donor left the school controlling interest in a company he had started to raise sturgeon for caviar in North Carolina . 11 . A different kind of monument Back in 2008 , writer Katie Kelly covered an interesting donation : "  Endowing a school , building , or even a classroom with one 's name is a pretty typical fundraising practice among universities today . Demanding a bathroom to commemorate yourself is n't quite as common . Brad Feld , a local venture capitalist , donated $ 25,000 to the University of Colorado on the condition that a plaque would be placed on the door of a second-floor men 's restroom in one of the campus ' technology centers . He originally made the conditional offer to his alma mater , MIT , but was rejected . "  Feld , in an interview with Boulder 's Daily Camera , stated : ' I just wanted a plaque outside of the men 's room to inspire people as they walk in to do their business . ' Quite fittingly , the quote reads , ` The best ideas often come at inconvenient times -- do n't ever close your mind to them . ' " Mental Floss : 11 majors your college probably did n't offer 12 . School does n't say "  Danke Schoen " to Wayne Newton In 1993 , Wayne Newton made his first appearance in Branson , Missouri . He offered to give his cut of the first night 's show to the nearby College of the Ozarks . It was a pretty generous gift ; Newton 's take would have ended up being $ 15,000 to $ 25,000 . Unfortunately , the school 's president , Jerry Davis , went to see Newton 's set . He was horrified by Newton 's double entendres and jokes about the elderly having sex . The next day Davis announced that the school would n't accept a cent of Newton 's money . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Some colleges have received or turned down donations with strange strings attached Heiress leaves $ 2.5 million to school that must find homes for her 150 dogs Donor 's scholarships requires students to place flowers on his grave Swarthmore College could have received up to $ 3 million if it cut sports program
Los Angeles  CNN  -- The doctor convicted in Michael Jackson 's death did not appeared to be pressured by AEG Live , an expert hired by the concert promoter testified Friday . Dr. Gary Green returns to the witness stand Monday , the 72nd day of testimony in the Jackson wrongful death trial in Los Angeles . Michael Jackson 's mother and three children contend AEG Live is liable in the pop icon 's death because it hired , retained or supervised Dr. Conrad Murray , who is serving a prison sentence for involuntary manslaughter . The company argues that Jackson chose and controlled the doctor and that its executives had not way of knowing about the dangerous propofol infusions Murray was giving him in the privacy of Jackson 's bedroom . Jackson died from an overdose of the surgical anesthetic days before his comeback concert was to premiere , according to the Los Angeles County coroner . Green , who reviewed the testimony and evidence presented in the previous 16 weeks of the trial , challenged the conclusions of Dr. Gordon Matheson , a medical ethics expert hired by Jackson lawyers . "  I disagree with Dr. Matheson completely , " said Green , who serves as the team doctor for Pepperdine University athletics . Matheson , the director of the sports medicine department at Stanford University , testified that AEG Live created a conflict of interest because the contract it negotiated with Murray to serve as Jackson 's personal doctor for $ 150,000 a month "  was likely to lead to poor medical decisions . " Matheson , who also is team doctor for Stanford 's athletic department , compared it to a football coach telling a team doctor on the sidelines in the fourth quarter of a big game that a star quarterback has to go back in the game despite a suspected concussion . Green challenged Matheson 's comparison , saying the school chooses the team doctor , not the patient . Jackson chose Murray , he said . Murray , who had closed his clinics to take the job and was $ 1 million in debt , would be inclined not to resist the AEG Live executives ' pressure to get Jackson to rehearsals despite evidence of his failing health , Matheson testified . Murray himself was conflicted because the negotiated contract was structured so that he answered to AEG , but it also could be canceled if the tour was canceled , he said . "  I think that conflict played out as Michael Jackson 's health began to deteriorate . " Green testified Friday that there was no conflict because it was in Murray 's interest to keep Jackson healthy so his job could continue . E-mails from the show director Kenny Ortega and production manager John "  Bugzee " Hougdahl warned AEG executives of Jackson 's deterioration during June 2009 , including indications he was unable to do some of his trademark dances or remember lyrics to songs he had sung for decades . His makeup artist and a choreographer testified about Jackson 's paranoia , his talking to himself and hearing voices , and his severe weight loss . Associate producer Alif Sankey testified that she "  had a very strong feeling that Michael was dying " after a rehearsal 11 days before his death . "  I was screaming into the phone at that point , " Sankey testified . "  I said he needs to be put in the hospital now . " The defense expert discounted the significance of an e-mail written by AEG Live Co-CEO Paul Gongaware to Ortega that the Jackson lawyers argue is evidence the promoter pressured Murray in the days before Jackson 's death . Gongaware wrote : "  We want to remind  Murray  that it is AEG , not MJ , who is paying his salary . We want to remind him what is expected of him . " Green testified Friday that since he saw no evidence the message was ever communicated to Murray , he believed "  it was not influencing . " The AEG Live expert also cited evidence that Murray resisted any interference from the promoters , telling them at one point to "  stay in their lane " and leave Jackson 's health to him . He also kept Jackson from rehearsals at one point , contrary to what the promoter wanted , Green said . AEG Live 's next witness will be human resources consultant Rhoma Young , who it hired to provide expert testimony concerning the Jacksons ' contention that the company negligently hired Murray .	Jackson lawyers contend AEG Live pressured Dr. Murray to get the singer to rehearsals An AEG Live expert testifies Murray was independent of the concert promoter A Jackson expert concluded Murray had a conflict of interest as Jackson 's physician Jackson 's mother and children are suing the concert promoter in the pop icon 's death
A 30-day rape sentence given to a teacher who admitted to raping his 14-year-old student may be illegal , according to the Montana judge who imposed it . The judge scheduled a new hearing for Friday . "  The Defendant shall be present at argument as the Court , if necessary and appropriate , will amend the mandatory minimum portion of the sentence , " read a court order filed Tuesday . It appears the mandatory minimum is two years , not 30 days , the order said . "  In this Court 's opinion , imposing a sentence which suspends more than the mandatory minimum would be an illegal sentence , " it continued . The case drew widespread attention when District Judge G. Todd Baugh imposed the 30-day sentence on Stacey Dean Rambold and made controversial comments about the victim , saying she "  seemed older than her chronological age . " Scott Twito , a prosecutor with the Yellowstone County attorney 's office , did not immediately return a call for comment . In a memo from his office to the Montana attorney general 's office , attorneys had argued the relevant statute was "  misapplied and the minimum sentence that could be imposed in Rambold 's case was two years " -- anticipating the judge 's Tuesday order . Rambold admitted to raping the girl while he was her teacher at her high school . Cherice Moralez was 14 at the time . She took her own life shortly before her 17th birthday . Who was Cherice Moralez ? Case details The case began in 2008 when Cherice was a student at Billings Senior High School and Rambold , then 49 , was a teacher . School officials learned of the relationship , and Rambold resigned . Authorities charged Rambold with three counts of sexual intercourse without consent . As the case wound its way through the legal system , Cherice committed suicide . She was a few weeks shy of her 17th birthday . With her death , prosecutors entered into what is known as a "  deferred prosecution agreement " with Rambold . This meant that all charges against Rambold would be dismissed if he completed a sex-offender treatment program and met other requirements . One of them was to have no contact with children . Rambold admitted to one of the rape charges . But the ex-teacher fell short of the agreement . "  He had some contacts with nieces and nephews in a family setting and other adults were present , " Baugh said . He also had relationships with women that he did n't tell his counselors about . "  That is a violation from his deferred prosecution so he was dropped from the plan , " said the judge . As a result , the case was revived in December 2012 . Canadian teen commits suicide after alleged rape The hearing At a hearing last month , Baugh ruled that Rambold 's infractions were n't serious enough . "  He made some violations of his treatment program , " he said . "  They were more technical and not the kind you would send someone to prison for . " He sentenced Rambold to 15 years in prison . Then , he suspended all but 31 days of the sentence , according to the Yellowstone County District Court . The judge gave Rambold credit for one day he spent in jail . Incredulous at what had happened , the victim 's mother , Auliea Hanlon , shouted at the court , "  You people suck . " "  She was n't even old enough to get a driver 's license , " Hanlon said in a statement released by her attorney . "  But Judge Baugh , who never met our daughter , justified the paltry sentence saying she was older than her chronological age . I guess somehow it makes a rape more acceptable if you blame the victim , even if she was only 14 . " NYC police : Teacher accused of raping 10-year-old student	District Judge G. Todd Baugh schedules a new hearing for Friday He says it appears the mandatory minimum is two years , not 30 days Cherice Moralez , 14 when she was raped , committed suicide before her 17th birthday
Rolling Stone  -- "  Like a Rolling Stone "  Highway 61 Revisited , 1965  By Bono That sneer -- it 's something to behold . Elvis had a sneer , of course . And the Rolling Stones had a sneer that , if you note the title of the song , Bob was n't unaware of . But Bob Dylan 's sneer on "  Like a Rolling Stone " turns the wine to vinegar . It 's a black eye of a pop song . The verbal pugilism on display here cracks open songwriting for a generation and leaves the listener on the canvas . "  Like a Rolling Stone " is the birth of an iconoclast that will give the rock era its greatest voice and vandal . This is Bob Dylan as the Jeremiah of the heart , torching romantic verse and "  the girl " with a firestorm of unforgiving words . Having railed against the hypocrisies of the body politic , he now starts to pick on enemies that are a little more familiar : the scene , high society , the "  pretty people " who think they 've "  got it made . " He has n't made it to his own hypocrisies -- that would come later . But the "  us " and "  them " are not so clearly defined as earlier albums . Here he bares his teeth at the hipsters , the vanity of that time , the idea that you had a better value system if you were wearing the right pair of boots . For some , the Sixties was a revolution . But there were others who were erecting a guillotine in Greenwich Village not for their political enemies , but rather for the squares . Bob was already turning on that idea , even as he best embodied it , with the corkscrew hair Jimi Hendrix would later admit to imitating . The tumble of words , images , ire and spleen on "  Rolling Stone " shape-shifts easily into music forms 10 or 20 years away , like punk , grunge or hip-hop . Looking at the character in the lyric , you ask the question "  How quickly could she have plunged from high society to ` scrounging ' for her ` next meal ' ? " Perhaps it is a glance into the future ; perhaps it 's just fiction , a screenplay distilled into one song . It must have been hard to be or be around Dylan then ; that unblinking eye was turning on everybody and everything . But for all the tirading , the real mischief is in its ear-biting humor . "  If you ai n't got nothing , you got nothing to lose " is the T-shirt . But the line that I like the best is "  You never turned around to see the frowns on the jugglers and the clowns/When they all did tricks for you/You never understood that it ai n't no good/You should n't let other people get your kicks for you . " The playing on this track -- by the likes of guitarist Mike Bloomfield and keyboardist Al Kooper -- is so alive and immediate that it 's like you 're getting to see the paint splash the canvas . As is often the case with Bob in the studio , the musicians do n't fully know the song . It 's like the first touch . They 're getting to know it , and you can feel their joy of discovery as they 're experiencing it . When the desire to communicate is met with an equal and opposite urge not to compromise in order to communicate -- those two things are in perfect balance -- is when everything happens with rock & roll . And that 's what Dylan achieved in "  Rolling Stone . " I do n't know or particularly care who this song is about -- though I 've met a few people who have claimed it was about them  some who were n't even born in 1965  . The real thrill for me was that "  once upon a time " in the world , a song this radical was a hit on the radio . The world was changed by a cranky voice , a romantic spirit , somebody who cared enough about an unrequited love to write such a devastatingly caustic put-down . I love to hear a song that changes everything . That 's the reason I 'm in a band : David Bowie 's "  Heroes , " Arcade Fire 's "  Rebellion  Lies  , " Joy Division 's "  Love Will Tear Us Apart , " Marvin Gaye 's "  Sexual Healing , " Nirvana 's "  Smells Like Teen Spirit , " Public Enemy 's "  Fight the Power . " But at the top of this dysfunctional family tree sits the king of spitting fire himself , the juggler of beauty and truth , our own Willy Shakespeare in a polka-dot shirt . It 's why every songwriter after him carries his baggage and why this lowly Irish bard would proudly carry his luggage . Any day . "  Mr. Tambourine Man "  Bringing It All Back Home , 1965  By David Crosby As far as I can tell , the Byrds ' recording of "  Mr. Tambourine Man " was the first time anyone put really good poetry on the radio . The Beatles had n't gotten to "  Eleanor Rigby " or "  A Day in the Life " -- they were still writing "  Ooh , baby . " But Bob 's lyrics were exquisite . "  To dance beneath the diamond sky with one hand waving free " -- that was the line that got me . At the time of "  Mr. Tambourine Man , " I think he was finding himself as a poet . He was learning to be beautiful . I had seen Bob back at Gerde 's Folk City in New York years earlier . Everyone was talking about him . I saw him play and thought , "  Expletive  , I can sing better than that . Why are they making all that fuss about him ? " Then I started really listening . And I almost quit , right there . Truthfully , I think the Byrds were Bob 's best translators . Bob did not envision this song the way we did it . When he came to the studio where we were rehearsing and heard us do "  Mr. Tambourine Man , " he was stoked . I think hearing our version was part of what made Dylan shift over to being a rocker . He thought , "  Wait a minute , that 's my song , " and he heard how it could be different . Copyright © 2011 Rolling Stone .	"  Like a Rolling Stone " is a black eye of a pop song Dylan achieved a perfect balance in "  Rolling Stone " "  Mr. Tambourine Man " was the first time anyone put really good poetry on the radio
CNN  -- A speeding vehicle struck and killed three girls Friday night , including twins , who were trick-or-treating in Southern California , authorities said . The girls , all 13 , were in costume and carrying bags of candy in a residential area in Santa Ana . They had the right of way at a crosswalk near an elementary school when a car hit them Friday night and sped off , according to the Santa Ana Police Department . They were hit about 6:45 p.m. , the Orange County Fire Authority said , according to CNN affiliate KTLA . All the girls were declared dead at the scene , CNN affiliate KABC reported . Authorities have not identified them pending notification of next of kin . Witnesses said the driver was speeding , and police are searching for two male suspects who fled on foot , the affiliate said . The vehicle , a Honda CRV , was found nearby . "  We do have a witness that followed the vehicle for a short period of time and eventually led us to where the vehicle is parked now , " Santa Ana Police Chief Carlos Rojas told KABC . KTLA said investigations indicated the vehicle was going at least 50 mph -- twice the listed speed limit of 25 mph . The girls were thrown more than 100 feet , authorities said . One of deadliest nights of the year Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year because of the high number of drunken drivers and pedestrians on the road , according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration . Two years ago , 48 % of all crash fatalities during Halloween involved a drunken driver , compared with 31 % on an average day in the same year , according to the agency 's most recent data . The deaths in California were just some of the tragic incidents that happened Friday . In Lake Wales , Florida , in central Florida 's Polk County , a 2-year-old boy was killed along U.S. Highway 27 by a bus transporting a work crew home , CNN affiliate WFLA reported . According to a Polk County Sheriff 's Office report , the boy was out with two adults and two children when one of the adults dropped his cell phone . The adult left the children in the median of the highway and told them to stay there while he went back to retrieve his phone . The other adult waited on the highway 's shoulder . The 2-year-old climbed out of his stroller and walked back to the highway , where he was struck by the bus . According to WFLA , the bus driver was unable to see the child and could n't stop the vehicle in time . The highway 's northbound lanes were shut down for four hours . In Greece , New York , near Rochester , two minors were hit by a car , CNN affiliate WHAM reported . One person , a 16-year-old , was seriously injured . The other minor , a 3-year-old , was killed . The car stopped , and police are investigating . Injuries in Illinois , Arizona In Winnetka , Illinois , just north of Chicago , a 3-year-old boy was struck and dragged by a car , CNN affiliate WLS reported . The boy was trick-or-treating when he ran into the street and was hit by the car and allegedly dragged 40 feet before the driver stopped . She is cooperating with authorities , the station reported . The boy is recovering from his injuries and is listed in good condition at a local hospital . Five people were struck in Phoenix while out trick-or-treating as a group , according to CNN affiliate KPHO . The trick-or-treaters -- three adults and two children -- were crossing a local street when a car hit them . One adult suffered minor injuries . The others -- a 23-year-old woman in a wheelchair , a 25-year-old man , a 10-year-old girl and a 2-year-old boy -- all were in critical condition . The driver did stop and authorities are looking into the incident . CNN 's Holly Yan , JR Nichols and Greg Morrison contributed to this report .	NEW : Girls were thrown more than 100 feet The girls were all 13 years old Police : They had the right of way at a crosswalk Halloween is one of the deadliest nights of the year for pedestrians
CNN  -- Jeff Bauman may very well personify "  Boston Strong , " the rallying cry of the wounded but tenacious city where his life almost ended on April 15 at the Boston Marathon . The image of the maimed Bauman being led to safety by a man in a cowboy hat became one of the iconic images of the Boston Marathon terrorist attack that killed three and injured more than 260 people . Bauman , 27 , announced Wednesday that he will publish a memoir about his experiences at and since the marathon . It 's title ? "  Stronger . " "  The past months have often been difficult , but the support I 've received from around the world , and especially from the people of Boston , has inspired me to set and achieve high goals , " he said in a statement released by Grand Central Publishing . When Bauman woke up the next day after two life-saving surgeries with no legs , he mustered the strength to describe bombing suspect Tamerlan Tsarnaev to law enforcement . Tsarnaev 's younger brother , Dzhokhar , has pleaded not guilty to 30 federal charges , including murder , related the bombings . Tamerlan Tsarnaev was killed when his brother ran over him as police were trying to handcuff him in a chase a few days later , authorities said . The book , which will be co-written by author Bret Witter , will be released to coincide with the first anniversary of the bombings .	Jeff Bauman lost both his legs in the Boston Marathon bombing in April Bauman , 27 , who helped identify one of the suspects , will write a book The book called "  Stronger " will be published near the anniversary
Paris , France  CNN  -- Two members of the French national soccer team , Franck Ribery and Karim Benzema , were being questioned by French police Tuesday in connection with an alleged underage prostitution ring , French police said . Ribery , who also plays for German team Bayern Munich , and Benzema , who plays for Spanish side Real Madrid , were being questioned by a police brigade that specializes in surveillance of prostitution . The case emerged earlier this year after police raided a night club near the Champs Elysees in Paris and detained 18 girls on suspicion of prostitution . One of the girls , Zahia Dehar , appeared on the cover of Paris Match in April and told the magazine she had sexual relations with several players on the national team , including Ribery , whom she had met at the club . She said in the interview she had n't told them she was younger than 18 at the time . In an initial court hearing on the case , Ribery admitted he had sex with Dehar but insisted he did not know she was a minor . Benzema has made no public comment . Neither of the players spoke to reporters Tuesday . A lawyer for Ribery said outside the police station where the players were questioned that her client had done nothing wrong , and that he would have had to have known the girl 's real age in order for it to be an intentional offense . The questioning adds to a disastrous summer for the French national squad , which crashed out of the World Cup in the first round following two draws and a defeat that left them at the bottom of their group of teams . It was an embarrassing exit for the team that had reached the final of the last World Cup , in 2006 . Forward Nicolas Anelka was sent home from the tournament after an argument with coach Raymond Domenech , causing the rest of the French players to refuse to show up for training . French team director Jean-Louis Valentin publicly announced his resignation to the media , and team captain Patrice Evra -- who had publicly argued with the team 's fitness coach during training -- was omitted from the team 's match with South Africa . Once the team arrived back in France , striker Thierry Henry spoke to French President Nicolas Sarkozy , and French lawmakers grilled outgoing coach Domenech about the events .	Franck Ribery , Karim Benzema questioned by French police Pair quizzed in connection with alleged underage prostitution ring
CNN  -- Former Haitian dictator Jean-Claude Duvalier died of a heart attack in Port-au-Prince at the age of 63 , a family member told CNN Saturday . Known by his nickname "  Baby Doc , " the so-called "  President for life " actually fled Haiti in 1986 and stunned Haiti when he returned 25 years later . He was charged with human rights crimes within days of his return , but he successfully argued in court that the statute of limitations had expired on charges that included torture , rape and extrajudicial killings . Human rights groups decried the court ruling that spared Duvalier . In February , a Haitian appeals court ruled that the lower court was wrong and that there is no statute of limitations for human rights violations . The ruling reopened the possibility that Duvalier could face such charges , but he died before a judicial investigation decided whether to pursue the charges . Duvalier inherited the title of "  President for life " in 1971 upon the death of his father , Francois "  Papa Doc " Duvalier , who had ruled with an iron fist through his paramilitary force , the Tonton Macoute . Just 19 years old when he came to power , Baby Doc became one of the world 's youngest heads of state . Haitians initially celebrated his ascension , thinking the young man would be less oppressive than his father , but that did n't turn out to be the case . Duvalier used his father 's security apparatus to continue ruling in a totalitarian fashion . Fast facts on Duvalier His 15 years of rule were a time of repression in Haiti that included the torture of opponents and the taking of political prisoners . In addition , there were allegations that "  Baby Doc " embezzled hundreds of millions of dollars . Human Rights Watch and Amnesty International had documented what they call systematic human rights violations under Duvalier 's rule . Both organizations accuse Duvalier of imprisoning and torturing hundreds of Haitians , including journalists , and using violent means to silence voices of opposition . 2012 : Human rights groups denounce Duvalier decision Amnesty gave the public prosecutor in the Duvalier case 100 documents that it said detailed cases of human rights violations . Amnesty International 's documents told the experiences of cobblers , taxi drivers , filmmakers , mechanics , distillers and even hairdressers , all of whom , they say , were arrested for anti-government activity . Notable deaths in 2014 CNN 's Pierre Meilhan and Moni Basu contributed to this report .	Jean-Claude "  Baby Doc " Duvalier has died of a heart attack He ruled Haiti with an iron fist from 1971 to 1986 He fled Haiti , was accused of human rights violations , but evaded prosecution
Financial Times  -- The Forbes billionaires list , seemingly designed to stroke the egos of the world 's richest people , has pricked one of them in painful fashion , alleging that Prince Alwaleed bin Talal "  systematically exaggerates " his wealth . Hours after the Saudi investor announced that he was "  severing ties " with the benchmark of billionaires ' bragging rights , the magazine published a lengthy investigation into his net worth . Forbes ' estimate , up $ 2bn in the last year to $ 20bn , stands $ 9.6 bn below the prince 's own estimate . Almost all of the gap , it said , stems from a starkly lower assessment of his 95 per cent stake in Kingdom Holding , which houses his investments in assets including Four Seasons hotels , Citigroup and News Corp. . Noting steep jumps in the stock before publication of the last four Forbes lists , the magazine said Kingdom 's valuation "  rises and falls based on factors that , coincidentally , seem more tied to the Forbes billionaires list than fundamentals " . The magazine added that no other billionaire lobbies as hard as the prince does to affect his or her ranking . Prince Alwaleed 's office reacted angrily to the "  completely unsupported and biased allegation based on rumours that stock manipulation ` is the national sport ' in Saudi Arabia " , describing it on Tuesday night as an insult to Saudi regulators . Retail investors dominate the Saudi stock market -- the biggest exchange in the Arab world -- and investors say local rumours often drive share price movements rather than company fundamentals or public announcements . Yet of all the Gulf stock market regulators , Saudi Arabia 's Capital Market Authority is seen as the most powerful . "  The market is regarded as one of the strictest regulated in the Gulf , they have cracked down in the past , " says one Riyadh-based analyst . The questions surrounding Kingdom come as the country edges forward with plans to open the stock market to foreigners . Currently , international investors can only buy Saudi stocks through equity swaps . Scrutiny of Kingdom could be the first test for the new head of the CMA , Mohammed bin Abdulmalik Al-Sheikh , a former lawyer who was appointed president of the regulator last month . PwC , which replaced Ernst & Young as auditor to Kingdom after the 2010 audit , had no comment . Kingdom said it had had no disputes with Ernst & Young and noted that Saudi Arabia requires public companies to change auditor every three years . Bloomberg , which launched a competing billionaires ranking last year , puts the prince 's net worth at $ 28bn . But it also applied a "  confidence rating " of three stars out of five to its valuation -- as it often does in countries "  where transparent information is often unreliable " . Additional reporting by Adam Jones in London © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Forbes billionaires list claims Prince Alwaleed bin Talal "  exaggerates " wealth Magazine estimates prince 's worth at $ 20bn - $ 9.6 bn below prince 's own estimate Forbes : Prince 's Kingdom Holding ` rises , falls on factors tied to Forbes list ' Alwaleed : Forbes claims biased that stock manipulation is ` Saudi national sport '
He might be responsible for reviving one of the worst moments in the history of sunglasses -- the "  shutter shades " -- but rapper Kanye West is hoping that all will be forgiven as he debuts his own line at Paris Fashion Week later this month . According to Vogue magazine , the "  Runaway " hit-maker has hired London-based designer Katie Eary -- known for her vivid , eye-catching designs -- as one of the creative leads developing this new signature range of womenswear . But as we wait to discover what West has up his sleeve , it remains to be seen if the superstar 's foray into fashion will prove a wise career move . And anyway , does the world really need another celebrity clothing line ? From the multi-million-dollar empires of pop-singers-cum-fashion-moguls P. Diddy and Jessica Simpson to the quietly shelved apparel of Lindsay Lohan and "  Sex in the City " star Sarah Jessica Parker , the celebrity fashion game is rarely a predictable business . According to branding expert Tim Jeffrey , celebrity clothing brands are particularly mercurial because their success is so closely aligned to just one individual -- whose popularity can slump at the drop of a finely tailored hat . "  Before they start , they really have to ask themselves why they want to do it in the first place , " says Jeffrey , who works for international brand consultancy firm "  i-am . " "  The principle of celebrity ranges is sound , as long as the star in question can add value , " he says . "  For instance , look at Fred Perry . Here 's a tennis star who could draw on his knowledge and expertise to create a credible sportswear brand that has endured even beyond his own life and career . " It 's a view shared by Bruce Ross , president and CEO of specialist marketing consultancy Celebrity Fashion Group . "  Success or failure in this industry boils down to one word : Authenticity , " he says . "  Consumers are n't stupid and they can generally tell when a celebrity is just doing it for the money while having no interest in the product . " Ross cites singers Gwen Stefani and Beyonce Knowles as stars with sturdy fashion credentials . Stefani is an established style icon , he says , who was known for concocting her own designs long before creating her label L.A.M.B. Meanwhile , Beyonce 's line , "  House of Dereon " pays tribute to her maternal grandmother Agnes Dereon -- a respected seamstress born in the 1920s . But , according to Ross , many other stars are guilty of sheer opportunism . "  Take the Kardashian sisters , " he says , in reference to the American socialites who recently launched their own range , "  Kardashian Kollection " at the Sears chain of department stores . "  I mean , give me a break , " says Ross . "  Sears is where people go to get a good deal on a washing machine or bag of tools . The partnership just does n't make sense , it 's not authentic . " It 's not hard to see why every celebrity and their mother  Dina Lohan -- mom of Lindsay -- attempted to launch a budget shoe line in 2009  are hoping to cash in on their own brand of garments . All you have to do is follow the money . According to Women 's Wear Daily magazine , Jessica Simpson 's eponymous shoe and accessories brand is on its way to becoming the first celebrity label to rake in over $ 1 billion of sales , while Beyonce 's husband and Kanye West label-mate , Jay-Z sold the rights to his urban-flavored clothing range Rocawear for $ 204 million in 2007 . Then there 's Elle Macpherson 's lingerie business , Intimates ; the eclectic lifestyle collection Elizabeth and James from former child-star twins Mary and Ashley Olsen ; and who could forget Victoria Beckham 's critically adored self-monikered couture brand -- all of which are in the black . "  But for every celebrity that makes it big , there 's another screaming at their agents saying : ` They have a line , so I should have a line , ' " according to Ross , who says that most of his business comes from celebrities reaching out to him through their agents . "  Let me tell you , we turn down more than we take on , " he adds . Amid all this , how do "  professional " designers feel about celebrity big names treading on their turf ? "  From a business perspective it 's clearly a good idea , " says UK-based menswear designer William Green , who 's currently exhibiting at London Fashion Week . "  But I 'm not a fan from a design point of view . " According to Green , it can be "  quite frustrating " for those that spend their lives studying and working to build a reputation in fashion to watch as celebrities "  waltz in and launch a label overnight . " This is especially true , he says , "  when they cherry-pick ideas from relatively unknown designers and sell cheaper copies to a wider audience . " That said , Green believes the fashion establishment can also be guilty of snobbery when it comes to "  outsiders . " "  It 's just clothes after all ... and , you know , celebrity fashion lines are alright when they capture a personality . I like  former Oasis singer  Liam Gallagher 's label Pretty Green because it just looks like all the stuff he 'd wear himself . " So what advice for West before his big day on the catwalk ? Branding expert Jeffrey has a sharp word of warning for any celebrity tempted to put their ego before common sense : "  Whatever you do , do n't make too much . Never over-order , so you leave the public wanting more . If your product is stuck on the clearance counter , you 've had it . "	Rapper Kanye West will launch his own fashion label at forthcoming Paris Fashion Week Follows in footsteps of label-mate Jay-Z as well a long history of celebrity lines Clothing ranges have earned some a fortune , but many others are less successful Branding experts reveal dos and do n'ts , while a fashion designer wishes they 'd just stop
CNN  An ISIS video showing the horrific killing of a Jordanian air force pilot has stoked anger in the Arab kingdom and left analysts wondering what impact it will have on the U.S.-led coalition fighting the militant group . Jordan already carried out one act of retaliation , executing two terrorist prisoners with ties to al Qaeda in Iraq . One of them was Sajida al-Rishawi , the would-be suicide bomber whose release ISIS had demanded . Protesters gathered in the streets of the Jordanian capital , Amman , and in the home town of the pilot , Moath al-Kasasbeh . But what will ISIS and Jordan do next ? "  I think there 's likely to be a backlash , particularly in Jordan , " said Paul Cruickshank , a CNN terrorism analyst . "  I think it 's sort of going to rally support for King Abdullah and his participation in the anti-ISIS coalition . " But it 's unclear whether ISIS leaders are bothered by the condemnation and outrage . "  ISIS does n't really care very much about the reactions it gets from Arab or foreign governments , " said Rami Khouri , a Middle East analyst based in Beirut . "  They 're on a mission to carry out their barbaric deed . " Anger against ISIS was in evidence among protesters in Jordan . One demonstrator held a poster that read : "  They burned our hearts , so let 's burn their dens , and their prisoners in our prisons . " Some experts expressed puzzlement at ISIS ' decision to kill the pilot without getting anything in return . "  This pilot was a real bargaining chip , " said retired Lt. Col. Rick Francona , a U.S. Air Force veteran intelligence officer . "  The Jordanians were willing to do things to get him back . He comes from a very established family , one that supports the Jordanian monarchy . I 'm not sure they realized exactly who they had . " Adding to the intrigue , Jordanian authorities said they believed the pilot had been killed as early as January 3 , before ISIS made any demands for the release of al-Rishawi by Jordan . If that 's the case , the recent ISIS threats against the life of al-Kasasbeh appear to aimed at publicity rather than serious negotiations . ISIS is known to still be holding at least two Western hostages : John Cantlie , a British journalist who has appeared in a number of ISIS-produced videos , and an American woman who is a 26-year-old aid worker . Analysts said they thought it was unlikely that Jordan 's hanging of the two jihadist prisoners Wednesday would affect ISIS ' next moves . "  I do n't see that the execution of these two individuals is really going to change their calculus much , " said Francona . "  They 're going to do whatever they want to do . " "  I do n't think they had much invested in either the woman or the man who were just hanged , " he said . "  They were nice bargaining chips that they could try and do something with . " The video of the killing of the Jordanian pilot , showing a new level of brutality even by ISIS ' grim standards , raises the question of whom they are trying to reach . "  There are some people out there attracted to these horrific videos , " said CNN political commentator Peter Beinart . "  But a much , much larger group of people in the Muslim and Arab world are absolutely repulsed . " Maajid Nawaz , a former extremist , said he believes that ISIS is n't trying to reach the majority but is going after existing terrorists as it competes with al Qaeda for foreign recruits . "  This is a race to the bottom when it comes to the gruesome depictions that they 're showing , " said Nawaz , the author of "  Radical : My Journey out of Islamist Extremism . " Juan Zarate , a former U.S. deputy national security adviser , said he thinks that with the pilot video , ISIS is trying to send a message to the Arab members of the coalition against it . "  They 're going to be treated brutally , and in fact , maybe perhaps more brutally than other members of the coalition , " he told CNN . At the end of the video , ISIS shows names and addresses of people whom it claims are Jordanian pilots . A reward is offered , and a voice says they are "  wanted dead . " The timing of ISIS ' recent string of videos -- showing the deaths of two Japanese hostages and now al-Kasasbeh -- may also be significant , according to Sajjan Gohel of the Asia Pacific Foundation . He suggested it could be an effort to distract attention from the militant group 's "  humiliating defeat " by the Kurds in the Syrian city of Kobani . The news of the killing of the pilot sparked protests in the streets of Amman , the capital , and in the pilot 's hometown . The focus of the people 's ire was ISIS . Analysts said they expected most of the population to stand behind the government . "  The Jordanian people , I think , very clearly will unite behind the government , " said Khouri , a senior fellow at the American University of Beirut . "  The trick is for the government to figure out what is the most appropriate response now . " The government 's early retaliation was to carry out the hangings of the two jihadist prisoners . But the pilot 's father suggested that was far from enough . "  Those criminals can not be compared to Moath , " al-Kasasbeh 's father , Safi , said Wednesday . "  Moath 's blood is much more valued than these two prisoners . " He called on the Jordanian government to execute all prisoners with links to ISIS . "  Annihilate this organization , " he said . A Jordanian government spokesman on Tuesday promised an "  earthshaking retaliation " for the killing of the pilot . But it still remains very unclear what form that might take . Some military experts speculated that Jordan could launch independent airstrikes against ISIS or move artillery and other weapons to the border near ISIS-controlled territory . But other analysts said they thought that unilateral action was unlikely . "  They know that it would be foolhardy to launch an attack without being part of the coalition . " Francona said . He said he expected more commitment to the coalition from Jordan , including perhaps greater access to its airbases and an increased number of Jordanian sorties . "  When Jordan commits , Jordan can be a real force . But Jordan ca n't do this alone , " he said . CNN military analyst Mark Hertling said he expected Jordan to increase intelligence sharing with the coalition and possibly put some additional defenses along the borders with Syria and Iraq . "  This is a calm , measured leader who wants to do things the right way , " he said of King Abdullah . A key question is how the Jordanian population 's views on the U.S.-led airstrikes against ISIS will develop over time . For the time being , the anger and desire for revenge appear to be directed against ISIS . But before the pilot 's killing was announced , some Jordanians had been questioning the government 's decision to take part in the anti-ISIS coalition . "  We 're going to have to see what happens after this period of mourning and anger is over , " said CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh in Amman . "  What sort of calls are we going to be hearing from the Jordanian street ? " The issue is complex in a country like Jordan , according to Khouri . "  You get situations where many Muslims -- they do n't support ISIS -- but they do n't like foreign armies coming to attack Arab Sunni Muslims , " he told CNN . "  No doubt that the majority , especially in Jordan , are afraid of ISIS and want to fight it and want to defeat it , " Khouri said . "  But there are tensions because many , many people instinctively in the Arab world are hesitant to join an American-led military assault against Arab parties . " CNN 's Dana Ford contributed to this report .	"  I think there 's likely to be a backlash " against ISIS , analyst says Jordan 's government has vowed an "  earthshaking retaliation " for the pilot 's killing But experts say Jordan is unlikely to take independent military action against ISIS
The sometimes deadly MERS-CoV virus has spread to Italy , the World Health Organization said in statements this weekend . Sunday 's announcement that two female patients had contracted the virus follows one Saturday that said a 45-year-old man , who had recently traveled to Jordan , had become infected . They are the first three known cases in Italy . Middle East respiratory symptom coronavirus , or MERS-CoV , acts like a cold virus and attacks the respiratory system , the U.S.-based Centers for Disease Control and Prevention has said . But symptoms , which include fever and a cough , are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure . Opinion : Why virus is so scary Of the 53 known infections with the virus , 30 have resulted in death since September 2012 , the organization said . Precise data are not available on the total number of people who have been infected because it is difficult to tell how many get a mild form of the infection . A patient died May 28 in France after having contracted the virus during a trip to the Middle East . MERS : Your questions answered The health agency said the three Italian patients were all in stable condition . The two cases reported Sunday were a 42-year-old woman and a 2-year-old girl who are close contacts of the man , the WHO said . The virus is "  a threat to the entire world , " the WHO 's general director said last week . 5 things to know about the coronavirus It "  is not a problem that any single affected country can keep to itself or manage all by itself , " Margaret Chan said Monday in her closing remarks at the 66th World Assembly in Geneva , Switzerland . Although many of the cases have occurred on the Arabian Peninsula , people have died of the infection elsewhere , including in four European countries and Tunisia . However , "  all of the European cases have had a direct or indirect connection to the Middle East , " the WHO said earlier this month . But "  in France and the United Kingdom , there has been limited local transmission among close contacts who had not been to the Middle East but had been in contact with a traveler recently returned from the Middle East . " Coronaviruses cause illnesses ranging from the common cold to SARS , or Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome , as well as a variety of animal diseases . Health officials do not yet know much about how the newly discovered virus spreads , which makes it hard for scientists to prevent infections , Chan said . The WHO is calling for the world to pull together its resources to study and tackle the virus . New virus is a ` threat to the entire world '	Of 53 known MERS-CoV infections worldwide , 30 have ended in death Three Italian patients are first in their country to contract the virus Symptoms are cold-like but are severe and can lead to pneumonia and kidney failure The WHO calls the virus "  a threat to the entire world "
CNN  -- Friday , January 22 10:37 p.m. -- CNN 's Brian Todd reports on a fire at what is believed to be a textile factory in Port-au-Prince . Watch 9:02 p.m. -- Israeli rescuers pulled a 22-year-old man from the ruins of a three-story building in Port-au-Prince on Friday , 10 days after the January 12 earthquake . The man , who was not immediately identified , was rescued near the quake-ravaged presidential residence south of the capital , according to the Israel Defense Forces . The rescuers "  were able to release him whole and healthy " and take him to an IDF field hospital in stable condition for further treatment , " Maj. Zohar Moshe said . 8:41 p.m. -- Thousands of earthquake victims ' bodies have been buried in mass graves northwest of Port-au-Prince , a manager at the site tells CNN 's Brian Todd . Watch 7:39 p.m. -- Haitians have to be in the driver 's seat as they try to rebuild their country , the head of the International Monetary Fund says . "  We can provide resources , but there must be ownership by the Haitians themselves and especially by the Haitian authorities , " Dominique Strauss-Kahn told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour . He previously has called for some kind of Marshall Plan like the one that rebuilt Western Europe after World War II . 7:10 p.m. -- About 4 million pounds of food are being sent by barge from Puerto Rico to Haiti , CNN 's Mike M. Ahlers reports . Puerto Rican authorities say that when it arrives in Haiti on Monday morning , it will be the single largest shipment of aid to arrive there to date . The food is said to be enough to feed the people of Port-au-Prince for a week . Organizers say it would take 150 planes to carry as much cargo . 6:42 p.m. -- About 250,000 people in Haiti are in urgent need of aid and another 3 million have been affected , according to the European Union , whose commissioner for development and humanitarian aid , Karel De Gucht , got a firsthand view of the situation in Port-au-Prince this week . The EU has estimated the death toll in Haiti to be at 200,000 . 5:31 p.m. -- A Haitian woman who was trapped in her collapsed house for five days with her 20-year-old daughter talks about her desperate , unsuccessful attempts to keep the daughter alive . Read 5:13 p.m. -- A man was killed , apparently by someone striking him with a concrete block , on one of the busiest streets in Port-au-Prince today . Witnesses say the man was trying to steal people 's money . One person called it "  citizen justice . " Read 4:55 p.m. -- Yele Haiti , the nonprofit formed by musician Wyclef Jean , says it hired an accounting firm in the wake of increased public scrutiny of its finances , CNNMoney.com reports . The announcement comes days after Jean tearfully denied allegations that he misappropriated funds from his charity . The accusations emerged after the Haitian native returned to the U.S. following several days of relief work in Port-au-Prince in the wake of the January 12 earthquake . Read 1:39 p.m. -- The international aid organization Partners in Health reports it has 24 operating rooms established and working 24 hours a day in Haiti . More than 140 surgeons , nurses , anesthetists and other specialists were involved in the organization 's quake relief effort , it said . 1:20 p.m. -- CNN 's Ivan Watson speaks to a fisherman in Petit Paradis , Haiti , who describes a tsunami from the 7.0-magnitude earthquake more than 12 feet high . The water swept away his father and at least three other people in the fishing village , the fisherman tells Watson . 12:24 p.m. -- As of Thursday evening more than $ 355 million in donations had been raised for relief efforts , according to the Chronicle of Philanthropy , a newspaper covering nonprofit organizations . The estimate is based on a survey of 35 charities contributing the largest amounts of money to Haiti . 11:57 a.m. -- Corporate donations to Haiti earthquake relief have surpassed $ 100 million , according to the U.S. Chamber of Commerce 's Business Civic Leadership Center . The center reports the $ 106 million donated so far is the fifth-largest corporate response to a natural disaster ever , trailing only hurricanes Katrina and Rita in 2005 , the 2004 Indian Ocean tsunami , and earthquakes in Kashmir  2005  and China  2008  . 11:25 a.m. -- Soccer stars Zinedine Zidane and Kaka will take part in a charity match to help raise money for the the victims of the Haiti earthquake . They will be among 40 internationals lining up for the United Nations Development Program 's annual game , which will be held in Lisbon , Portugal , on Monday . Read How you can help 10:18 a.m. -- The International Organization for Migration reports that as of Friday 508 makeshift settlements have been identified in the area of Port-au Prince . Surveys by the organization and the Haitian government of 314 of those settlements put their population at 472,000 . 7:54 a.m. -- The U.S. Geological Survey reports a 4.4-magnitude aftershock strikes about 15 miles north-northwest of Port-au-Prince . Depth was about 6 miles . Share your earthquake stories 6:40 a.m. -- Authorities pushing to clear earthquake-relief bottlenecks in Haiti continue to work Friday to improve the flow of relief supplies at the south pier in Port-au-Prince . The January 12 quake damaged the capital 's north and south piers . Haitian authorities and the U.S. military had restored one-way traffic to the south pier , which is the smaller of the two , by Thursday . Port-au-Prince 's north pier remains unusable . Follow daily developments : January 12 January 13 January 14 January 15 Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday	Read Twitter feeds to stay up to date on the latest in Haiti Read CNN.com 's complete special coverage of the Haiti earthquake iReport : Looking for loved ones
CNN  -- A new report from the American Lung Association lists the cities that have the worst air pollution in the U.S. Places in Southern California and the Central Valley , including Los Angeles , Fresno , Visalia and Modesto , top the list . But Las Vegas , Salt Lake City and even Fairbanks are also offenders . Part of the problem stems from policy failures in Washington . Of course , local governments are at fault as well . In California , cars and trucks contribute heavily to the problem , as is also true in cities like Dallas . LA pioneered urban sprawl and the car culture and is now paying the price . But it 's not alone : Atlanta , Charlotte , and others are also sprawled across the countryside . American cities have not done enough to get people out of cars and onto mass transit . LA exemplifies the problems . As detailed in "  Railtown , " a recent book by Ethan Elkind , LA focused too much on subways and not enough on trolleys and dedicated bus lanes . To make matters worse , the routes were often in the wrong places due to political interference from the city council through the state capital to Congress . It 's not realistic to expect that something as major as transportation infrastructure will be immune from politics , but rational planning needs to play a bigger role than it has in the past . LA 's specific problems were its own , but mass transit is in need of more support and better implementation across the nation . All too often , support for mass transit is portrayed as a wasteful subsidy because its benefits to the public are misunderstood . The federal government has sometimes failed to do enough to fight air pollution . Under the Bush administration , especially , industry succeeded in using federal laws as a shield against state regulation . For instance , cities have been blocked from addressing pollution from older , dirtier trucks . When one port authority tried to prohibit dirtier trucks from using its facilities , the Supreme Court held this effort violated a federal law deregulating prices and routes in the trucking industry . It was probably a surprise to Congress that the effort to allow markets to control this industry gave the industry special immunity from the kinds of pollution regulations that apply to every other industry . Obviously , other cities also have their own high-polluting trucks , and they are similarly stymied . Lawsuits have also prevented cities from modernizing fleet vehicles such as cabs . When one West Coast air quality district tried to make fleet vehicles such as cab companies buy only the cleaner vehicles on the market . Although this would have been a significant step toward improving air quality in a heavily polluted area , the Supreme Court ruled that the air district was violating federal law . This ruling has had ripple effects elsewhere in the country , like New York City , where federal courts have blocked efforts to upgrade its cab fleet . Some say electric cars are the future . But when electric cars were first introduced , the Bush administration took the very unusual step of getting involved and siding with industry . It was n't until Bush left office that California was able to make a bigger push for electric cars . The delayed introduction of electric vehicles is bad for the U.S. State regulators , even with the best intentions , ca n't go it alone . They need local governments to help combat sprawl and support mass transit . The Environmental Protection Agency has an obvious role to play in addressing pollution , and it needs to be more effective . New federal regulations on pollution from electric power plants are a long-overdue step in the right direction . Hopefully , EPA will also tighten ozone standards during its next review . But at the same time that the federal government is trying to do more , it is ironic to see federal law used to block state pollution controls . Air pollution these days is a deceptive problem . People know that some days are hazy and leave their eyes irritated . What they do n't realize is that these problems are only the tip of the iceberg . Air pollution results in more respiratory illness , more trips to the ER , and more deaths . According to EPA estimates , its program to reduce cross-state pollution  which the Supreme Court upheld recently  will save 14,000-34 ,000 lives per year . We 've made real progress should not become complacent over this major public health issue . We need to redouble our efforts .	A new report lists the cities that have the worst air quality in the U.S. Dan Farber : Part of the problem stems from policy failures in Washington He says we need to implement mass transit more on a national level Farber : Air pollution from cars and trucks pose a real public health hazard
Los Angeles , California  CNN  -- Volunteers flocked to a southern California community to help residents mop up last week 's flood damage ahead of what meteorologists are predicting will be more rain . Five homes were destroyed and nearly 75 damaged in the San Bernardino County community of Highland when water and mud rushed through the foothill town last week , authorities said . Total damage , including the cost of cleanup and lost property value , could hit $ 17.2 million , according to the San Bernardino County Sheriff 's Department . "  We feel very fortunate to have all these volunteers just help out , without even getting paid . They 're just trying to do something good for the community , " Cesar Garcia told CNN affiliate KABC . Garcia spoke inside his home , still steeped in mud . Outside , unstable hillsides were covered in plastic while as many as 600 volunteers worked to clear the debris . They laid sandbags in a bid to divert future water flows in preparation for more rainfall , which is expected soon . The National Weather Service has forecast a storm moving into the area late Tuesday night into Wednesday . CNN meteorologist Chad Myers said the storm should be much smaller than the one last week , but that it could dump as much as two inches of rain or two feet of snow in the mountains of California . Because the ground is already wet , the storm could cause problems , he said . Last week , monsoon-like conditions overwhelmed southern California , creating flash floods that kept workers at home and businesses and streets knee deep in mud and water .	The community of Highland was flooded last week Officials say total damage could hit $ 17.2 million As many as 600 volunteers help in the cleanup effort Two inches of rain or two feet of snow in the mountains is expected , says CNN meteorologist
CNN  -- For almost 90 years , the casket lay beneath the earth , Thomas Curry 's family believing the teen who died too young rested in peace there , in an unmarked plot with his great-grandparents . Curry was a charge of Marianna , Florida 's Arthur G. Dozier School for Boys , a now infamous juvenile detention facility that closed in 2011 for budgetary reasons , capping a chilling , 111-year legacy of brutality . From 1900 to 1952 , according to a court document , 100 boys died there , but only about half were buried on the reform institution 's grounds . Others were shipped home to their families . Curry , 17 , became part of that tally in 1925 when he died "  under suspicious circumstances while escaping Dozier twenty-nine days after arriving , " says the court order permitting his exhumation this week . The coroner at the time ruled Curry 's manner of death was unknown . The ledger entry at the Dozier school said he was "  killed on RR Bridge Chattahoochee , Fla. " Another document at Old Cathedral Cemetery in Philadelphia says he was "  killed by train . " No one from Dozier ever reported his death to the state . He was returned in a casket to his family , who , in turn , buried him in Philadelphia . Or so the family thought . It was n't until a state investigation beginning in 2008 that Curry 's death certificate was found at Dozier . It said he died of a crushed skull from an "  unknown cause . " And it was n't until Tuesday , when University of South Florida anthropologists who have been working to unearth and identify remains on the former campus visited Philadelphia with Pennsylvania authorities , that the family learned Curry was n't in the casket -- no bones , no clothing , no sign of him at all . "  Wood . Layers of pieces of wood , " said anthropologist Erin Kimmerle , explaining what she and her team found in the casket . "  It was completely filled with wooden planks . " At first , the team thought they had the wrong grave , but then they found Curry 's great-grandparents beneath the wood-filled casket . ` Decades of efforts to deceive ' Kimmerle was still incredulous Wednesday , as was Cpl. Tom McAndrew of the Pennsylvania State Police , who along with Philadelphia Assistant District Attorney Brendan O'Malley , was instrumental in clearing the path for Kimmerle 's team to exhume Curry 's remains , she said , "  It was a little bit of a shock . It was certainly anticlimactic , " McAndrew said . "  Something was shipped up from Florida , and it was buried , and someone believed it was Thomas Curry . " Does he think , as a law enforcement officer , that the finding is indicative of school officials ' intent to deceive Curry 's family nine decades ago ? "  Absolutely , " he said , but it 's not surprising when you consider that the investigation into the Dozier school has uncovered "  decades and decades of efforts to deceive , coverups , and not just by one but by many people . " McAndrew has been in contact with two of Curry 's distant cousins , and while they were n't familiar with Curry or his death before Kimmerle 's team began investigating , they 've done what they could to advance the investigation , the police corporal said . They 've provided names from their family tree and handwritten notes from their mother . One of the cousins , Eileen Witmier , who is 61 and is the granddaughter of Curry 's mom 's sister , provided DNA to identify Curry -- had he been found . "  Their interest lies in justice being served , " McAndrew said of the cousins . Asked where his own interest lies , McAndrew gave a similar answer , but also noted that Kimmerle has been an invaluable ally to law enforcement . Quid pro quo among professionals The ex-chief anthropologist for the U.N. International Criminal Tribunal for the Former Yugoslavia , Kimmerle has conducted "  isotope testing " in her lab to help McAndrew with homicide cases in Pennsylvania . For one particularly high-profile case -- a pregnant teen found dismembered in suitcases in 1976 -- Kimmerle 's team analyzed the woman 's hair and teeth . Via isotope testing , Kimmerle was able to determine where the woman lived based on the water she consumed while alive . Though police have yet to solve the case , they now know she was born in Europe and immigrated to the Southeastern United States at age 12 , McAndrew said . "  When she turned to me for assistance , obviously I would 've done anything for her , " McAndrew said of Kimmerle . Kimmerle had hoped , of course , that Curry 's remains would unravel some of the mystery surrounding his death . "  We went into it trying to answer questions , " she said . "  What we have is more questions than answers . " But the investigation continues . Now armed with Witmier 's DNA , Kimmerle 's team can return to Marianna , about 65 miles west of Tallahassee , and attempt to match the sample to one of the dozens of bodies that have already been dug up on the 1,400-acre former campus . Though many of the boys died so long ago , it 's important to find their family members , Kimmerle believes , if only because of the uncertainties surrounding their deaths and the controversy enveloping the supposed school where they died . A dubious legacy That bodies lay there was never a secret -- 31 rusty , white crosses marked the resting places of victims who died from a dormitory fire , influenza , pneumonia and other causes -- but Kimmerle 's team has found a total of 55 bodies there so far . Her team also has found records indicating that 22 boys who died at the school are unaccounted for . Already , Kimmerle and her colleagues have identified three sets of remains . One of those bodies was George Owen Smith , whose sister Ovell Krell , 85 , told CNN in August she was elated that the seven-decade mystery surrounding her brother 's death was finally solved . Though ex-students provided detailed accounts of vicious beatings , sexual abuse and disappearances , guards and administrators who are still alive have denied the beatings occurred . The state investigation in 2008 and 2009 said there was insufficient evidence of abuse at Dozier , but dozens of men , many of them now senior citizens , have come forward with stories . A support group for ex-students , dubbed The White House Boys , takes its moniker from the structure where boys say they were beaten with a leather strap attached to a wooden handle . They were whipped until their underwear was embedded in their buttocks , The White House Boys say . Some were beaten unconscious . Crying or screaming out would earn you extra lashes , they say . So while this week 's exhumation did n't answer any of the myriad questions surrounding Dozier and its missing and dead boys , it was still an important part of the ongoing investigation , researchers and police said . "  It definitely had to be done , " McAndrew said . "  We had to at least open the grave if this investigation down in Florida is going to be resolved . " Remains of 2 more boys identified at shuttered Florida reformatory CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	Anthropologists , authorities exhumed casket of Thomas Curry in Philadelphia this week Exhumation part of probe into deaths , disappearances at Florida 's infamous Dozier School Curry 's casket had no human remains ; authorities now searching for body at Dozier Ex-students allege beatings , sexual abuse , disappearances ; ex-guards deny abuse occurred
CNN  -- On his latest , Future History , Derulo makes several attempts at home-run club records and huge ballads . He swings hard , but often misses -- perhaps his biggest problem is that he 's not rooted in any genre outside of people-pleasing pop ; lead single " Do n't Wan na Go Home , " built heavily on multiple samples , is the rare victory here . It 's when he scales back on the synths , as on " That 's My Shhh , " that he thrills . The man should give true R&B a try . B - See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jason Derulo swings hard , but often misses It 's when he scales back on the synths , as on " That 's My Shhh , " that he thrills Perhaps his biggest problem is that he 's not rooted in any genre outside of people-pleasing pop
Financial Times  -- Idan Ofer , Israel 's richest man , is relocating to London in a move likely to inflame debate about unfettered wealth and inequality in his country . Mr Ofer , 57 , who has an estimated net worth of $ 6.5 bn , is making the move for what an associate said were personal reasons . His mother lives in London and his son recently left the Israeli army and plans to study abroad , possibly in the UK . "  There are a number of family reasons which mean it makes sense for him to spend more time in London than he has previously and make that more of a base , " a person close to the Israeli billionaire told the Financial Times on Monday . Through Quantum Pacific Group , Mr Ofer is controlling shareholder in Israel Corp , the country 's largest holding company , which has interests in turn in container shipping , automotive , energy , and the fertiliser company Israel Chemicals . Potash Corp of Canada hopes to acquire the latter in what would be the biggest business deal in Israeli history . Like Israel 's other "  tycoons " , he has suffered a beating from the Israeli media and in public opinion since the 2011 social protests , when hundreds of thousands of middle-class citizens demonstrated against high living costs and an economy largely controlled by a few rich family conglomerates . In January 's election , new politicians such as Yair Lapid , finance minister , rose to power on promises to help the middle class at a time when Israel needs to cut spending and raise taxes to close a growing budget deficit . Shelly Yachimovich , leader of the left-wing Labour party , singled out Mr Ofer for criticism in her campaign . The Israeli business magnate has long owned property and spent some of his time in London . If he were to qualify for non-domicile tax status , income from his offshore companies will not count towards his tax bill in the UK . Associates pointed out that Mr Ofer had longstanding personal and business ties in Britain . The family shipping business , co-owned with his brother Eyal -- who is based in Monaco -- runs the largest fleet of British-flagged ships in the world , and there is a wing at the National Maritime Museum in Greenwich named after their father Sammy . This year has seen wealthy foreigners including Andrei Borodin , the Russian bank chairman , and executives from LVMH and Dassault Systems relocate to London . On the Forbes list of billionaires , Mr Ofer ranks number 182 , with an estimated net worth of $ 6.5 bn . Fellow Israeli billionaire Lev Leviev relocated to London in 2007 . © The Financial Times Limited 2013	Israel 's richest man is moving to London for "  family reasons " Idan Ofer is worth $ 6.5 billion Ofer is controlling shareholder of Israel corp , the country 's largest holding company Israelis demonstrated in 2011 against the influence of the country 's wealthy magnates
EW.com  -- Sara Gilbert is engaged to rock musician Linda Perry -- a surprise development she described in full today on "  The Talk . " Listen in as she explains how Perry , 47 , proposed marriage in a park with musicians ... and special T-shirts . ` Glee Project ' not canceled : Oxygen In 2011 , Gilbert , 38 , addressed her split from TV producer Allison Adler on "  The Talk . " The two share custody of son , Levi , 8 , and daughter , Sawyer , 5 . ` New Girl ' : Bachelorette party peeks Perry is the former lead singer of 4 Non-Blondes and has produced several hit songs for Pink , Gwen Stefani and Christina Aguilera . See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Sara Gilbert is engaged to rock musician Linda Perry Perry is the former lead singer of 4 Non-Blondes In 2011 , Gilbert , 38 , addressed her split from TV producer Allison Adler on "  The Talk "
Grand Rapids , Michigan  CNN  -- I think I stopped trusting the U.S. government right after learning that for 40 years , instead of treating a small group of poor , uneducated people officials had identified as having syphilis , officials not only withheld the diagnosis from them , but the cure as well , just to see what would happen if the disease went untreated . This was done even if what would happen was eventually death , which is why burial insurance was given to the unsuspecting victims as if the government was doing them a favor . And this did n't happen a very long time ago either . In fact , the first wave of Gen Xers were out of diapers while the Tuskegee Syphilis Experiment was still going on . Once you see how hard Uncle Sam sucker punches people he identifies as expendable , you learn to keep your guard up whenever he comes around . It is for this reason that Social Security is nowhere in my retirement plans . Call me crazy , but the idea of trusting the government to take care of me , to provide me with "  security " when I 'm old and frail is far more frightening than the thought of me trying to make it on my own . I 'm not yet 40 , so theoretically I still have plenty of time to have my own plan in place . Yes , I 've paid into Social Security . No , I do n't expect to benefit from it , at least not at the level those who are currently collecting are benefiting . And I do n't know anyone in any line of work my age or younger who does . We are not as mad about this switcheroo as much as we are mad that the reform can keeps getting kicked down a road that 's getting shorter and shorter by a bunch of politicians who know better but are too afraid of losing voters who wo n't be around when the money 's all gone anyway . Anybody with a high school diploma and a calculator can see how entitlement programs are damaging the economy and that some sort of reform is necessary to ensure their long-term solvency . And yet during budget and debt ceiling talks , Democrats such as Nancy Pelosi and Harry Reid responded as if the Republicans wanted to sell voters ' first-born babies into slavery . On Monday , President Barack Obama introduced another plan without touching Social Security . The Democrats wo n't even support the modest changes recommended by the president 's own debt commission , including phasing in a two-year increase in the retirement age over the next 65 years and raising the ceiling on payroll taxes . They keep mocking us with talk of protecting the middle class when in reality protecting the middle class would have been passing a budget and introducing entitlement reforms before the extras from "  King of the Hill " got into Congress . But just as GOP presidential candidates are saying whatever they can to appease their base  except for Jon Huntsman , which is why he is in last place  , the Democrats are just as guilty of pandering to the home crowd , even if the desires of that crowd are n't nearly as much to blame for the economic trouble the country finds itself in as the Bush tax cuts and relaxed Wall Street regulations . It 's all a game , and election after election , we keep getting played . Remember Obama did n't say he and the members of Congress might not get paid if the debt ceiling was n't raised , but that Social Security and military checks may not go out . And he 's the one being accused of being a socialist . Can you imagine what the rhetoric of a good ol' fashion free-market capitalist would sound like ? Here 's a hint : Rewatch the video from the CNN/Tea Party Republican Debate last week in which Wolf Blitzer asked if society should let an injured 30-year-old man without health insurance die . Much was made about the cheers that could be heard coming from some of the crowd , but I was far more disturbed by the lack of chastising that came from the stage immediately after the cheers . You mean to tell me the possible next leader of the free world does n't have an instant rebuke to people who cheer at the mention of uninsured Americans dying ? And I 'm supposed to trust that person to have my best interest at heart when I 'm at my most vulnerable ? The Great Depression gave birth to Social Security . The Greatest Generation fed it and made it strong . Today the sheer number of the baby boomers is slowly strangling it to death . And because politicians continue to use Social Security as one of its many chess pieces to manipulate people to vote a certain way , one day we 'll speak of it much in the same way we speak of dial-up Internet access . Only instead of laughing at how long it used to take to log on , we 'll be shaking our heads , reminiscing back to the time when government actually cared . Except for me . As I hinted earlier , my faith in government went out the door the moment I found out it was controlled by people . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of LZ Granderson .	LZ Granderson : I 'm not counting on collecting Social Security He says relying on government to protect you is a mistake His generation is upset that politicians keep kicking can down the road , he says Granderson : Presidential candidates except for Jon Huntsman are ducking the issue
CNN  -- Flush with cash and drunk with power after its $ 100 billion IPO , Facebook could be caught secretly brainwashing millions of new users into signing up  mind-control hoodies , anyone ?  -- and still I might not quit the world 's largest social network . Ridiculous scenario aside , I 'm pretty serious . Despite ongoing privacy concerns and rumblings of a backlash , it would take something drastic to make me leave Facebook at this point . More than just a daily habit , Facebook has become the place where I get important , often surprising glimpses into the lives of the 1,365 people with whom I 've chosen to connect .  That 's not counting friends-of-friends , for Facebook 's tentacles are ever-extended  . Why Facebook wo n't start trading at the opening bell I 'm not always in love with Facebook , of course . I get frustrated with the social network like everyone else . Every six months , Facebook introduces some huge new design of its site or engages in privacy-eroding practices that send many of its users howling into the status-update box . They threaten to shut down their accounts , write furious blog posts and organize ridiculous movements such as Quit Facebook Day , which got less than 40,000 people to commit to deleting themselves -- a tiny fraction of the network even back in 2010 . But , in large part , the people who say they 're leaving Facebook do n't . Or they quit and come back . Me , I 'm staying put . At this point , complaining about Facebook is like grousing about the electric company while watching TV , or saying how lousy politicians are but forgetting to vote . Facebook just is . It 's become an institution -- one that 's going to be around for a long while -- and all the missteps it 's made in its young , eight-year life have never prompted significant user defection . Counterpoint : Why I quit Facebook , and am not looking back Facebook is on track to hit a billion users sometime this year . A billion people . With just a few exceptions , that includes nearly every person I have ever worked with , a big chunk of my extended family , most of my friends going all the way back to elementary school and probably all the kids who were in my nursery at the hospital where I was born . There 's critical mass , and then there 's Facebook , the Death Star that deflects every effort to blow it up . Facebook has won the social-media wars because it 's where all the people are . Those who have been waiting for something else to take its place , the way Facebook siphoned off the population of MySpace about five years ago , are still waiting . MySpace , even at its peak , never had the mainstream acceptance and durability of Facebook . Facebook 's new billionaires I post lots of random thoughts and news links on Twitter , share photos of my wanderings on Instagram and still check in on the increasingly hollow Google + on a daily basis . But everything I post to those services also ends up on Facebook because it 's the platform that feels the most robust and future-proof . Infographic : How we use Facebook Since Facebook introduced its controversial Timeline design last year , my important personal milestones  college graduation , marriage , the births of my daughters , the "  Friday Night Lights " finale  all have neatly filed themselves into the digital record of my life . That 's what Facebook wants , of course . But I 've come to stop resisting its voracious appetite for personal information . If I did n't share , and my friends and relatives and co-workers did n't share , I 'd be less apt to know who just got engaged , who just celebrated a graduation or who in my online community just died suddenly . When my grandmother died earlier this year , it was the place my relatives posted photos of her I 'd never seen before . It was where far-flung friends and family members offered their condolences for weeks after the funeral service . Sure , we 've seen the inevitable backlash as Facebook has grown to include everyone from your grandmother to that third-grade classmate you never really wanted to hear from again . But lately , it feels like the arguments in favor of leaving Mark Zuckerberg 's social network have gotten weaker as people become more resigned to the notion of a permanent Facebook . Timeline : Mark Zuckerberg 's rise from child prodigy to Facebook billionaire When Facebook recently bought photo-sharing app Instagram for $ 1 billion , Instagram users vowed to quit , complaining that their precious little network had sold out to a monolithic company .  Funny , that did n't stop Instagram from jumping from 30 million users to 50 million in about a month . Would-be competitors who have tried to take on Facebook have largely failed to gain traction . Path , which has a lovely interface and is more focused on smaller circles of friends , just hit 2 million users a few months ago . And Diaspora , the open-source , nonprofit that was supposed to threaten Facebook 's laissez-faire attitude toward privacy , has yet to crack half a million users . Facebook to hold all-night hacking session Once Facebook has shareholders to answer to , things may change . But perhaps not as much as you 'd expect . At a South by Southwest Interactive event in 2008 , I saw Zuckerberg speak about his company to application developers . Even then , he stressed that the future of Facebook was not as a website or tool , but as a global communication platform upon which other things would be built . It 's been amazing to observe how little he 's veered from that vision during four years of astronomical growth . If something is ever going to take the place of Facebook once the company gets so big and complacent that it loses focus , it will probably be something built on top of Facebook . Perhaps a mobile app that accesses the social network 's huge population , something Facebook-adjacent that takes what people like about Facebook and turns it into something more nimble and attractive than Facebook itself . Maybe then I 'll think about pulling up stakes . Until then , I 'm not leaving .	Omar Gallaga : Facebook is where I get important glimpses into 1,365 "  friends " Everything I post to Twitter or Google + also ends up on Facebook , Gallaga says If something ever surpasses Facebook , it may be a mobile app , Gallaga says
CNN  -- Washington 's governor has unilaterally imposed a moratorium on capital punishment in his state , saying Tuesday there are "  too many doubts " and "  too many flaws " raised about its application . In a statement , Gov. Jay Inslee said he is suspending executions while he is in office , meaning he will issue reprieves when any capital cases come to his desk for action . He said his decision comes after a months-long internal review that included input from law enforcement and families of murder victims . Inslee concluded the death penalty was inconsistently applied . "  Equal justice under the law is the state 's primary responsibility . And in death penalty cases , I 'm not convinced equal justice is being served , " the first-term Democratic governor said . "  The use of the death penalty in this state is unequally applied , sometimes dependent on the budget of the county where the crime occurred . " The governor 's executive action will not definitively end future use of capital punishment in Washington -- that would take action from the legislature or voters -- nor will death row sentences automatically be commuted or pardons issued . Nine murderers , all men , remain on Washington 's death row , at Walla Walla State Penitentiary . Five men have been executed since 1976 , when the Supreme Court allowed the practice to resume . Two of the condemned inmates died by hanging , in 1993 and 1994 . The last execution in the state was in 2010 , according to the Death Penalty Information Center . Lethal injection remains the primary method , but a shortage of drugs nationwide has led other states to seek new pharmaceutical sources and methods , or effectively postpone executions . Inslee said his action had nothing to do with mercy . "  Let me say clearly that this policy decision is not about the nine men on death row in Walla Walla , " he said . "  I do n't question their guilt or the gravity of their crimes . They get no mercy from me . This action does not commute their sentences or issue any pardons to any offender . But I do not believe their horrific offenses override the problems that exist in our capital punishment system . " State law gives Inslee the authority to stop death warrants from being issued . Civil rights groups applauded the move . "  This announcement marks an important step forward for Washington , and is a victory for the African-American community . Nowhere are disparities between black and white inmates in criminal justice more apparent than in sentences deciding who lives and who dies , " said Gerald Hankerson , the president of the Alaska , Oregon , and Washington State Area Conference of the NAACP . "  African-American residents are disproportionately represented on death row , and our state is more likely to impose the death penalty on African-American defendants than white defendants convicted of the same crime . " Eighteen states have officially banned capital punishment as a matter of law , including the District of Columbia . Seven others have had a moratorium imposed either by the courts or the governor . Among them was Oregon in 2011 . "  It is time for Oregon to consider a different approach . I refuse to be a part of this compromised and inequitable system any longer ; and I will not allow further executions while I am governor , " said John Kitzhaber , a Democrat . Both of Oregon 's executions since the Supreme Court allowed the death penalty to resume in 1976 happened during Kitzhaber 's first administration as governor , from 1995-2003 .	Gov. Jay Inslee says he is suspending executions while he is in office Inslee says the death penalty is inconsistently applied in Washington State law gives Inslee the authority to stop death warrants from being issued
Banda Aceh , Indonesia  CNN  -- Visitors shuttle in and out of a state-of-the-art hospital in an Indonesian town once devastated by towering tsunami waves five years ago , while in nearby Thailand backpackers dance to music in bars and tourists lodge in a hotel that had been demolished in the Boxing Day disaster . Over in India , Sri Lanka and the Maldives -- all hit by the waters that claimed the lives of some 245,000 people in 14 nations on December 26 , 2004 -- homes , schools and roads have been rebuilt , and livelihoods reclaimed . The road to recovery in the Indian Ocean countries battered by the tsunami , which washed away entire communities , created nearly $ 10 billion in damage and caused more casualties than any other tsunami in recorded history , has been steady despite some challenges , according to the United Nations and local officials . "  It was essential to have discussions with communities about what they wanted and needed . The result took a little bit longer but was much better . This is the essence of this ` build back better ' concept , to have people involved in the reconstruction , " said Hakan Bjorkman , Indonesia country director for the United Nations Development Programme . "  The most important lesson learned from this massive recovery effort is the importance of involving the people who are affected in the process , in a really meaningful way , " he added . Did you survive the tsunami ? Did you lose a loved one ? Share your thoughts on the 5th anniversary on CNN iReport In Aceh , a special government-backed agency , BRR , was set up to oversee the vast rebuilding . That agency was superseded by the BKRA this year , and together they have overseen the spending of $ 3.2 billion dollars of aid money . That money has been ploughed into the state-of-the-art hospital , a new terminal building at the airport , hundreds of bridges , nearly two dozen ports , some 1,800 schools , 3,800 mosques and about 150,000 homes . To local conservationist Mike Griffiths , who said much of Banda Aceh had been reduced to a "  level plane of shards " and who compared the tsunami aftermath to that of the atomic bombing of Nagasaki in World War II , the town has quickly bounced back . "  It 's so built up now , " he said as he stood near a mosque where he had surveyed the damage in 2004 -- a time when nothing blocked a clear vision out to sea due to the tsunami destruction . "  Now , we can barely see 100 meters because there 's been so much reconstruction . Everything 's been built up on both sides of the road . " In Thailand , few physical reminders of the disaster remain . The tourist industry was keen to clean up and move on as soon as possible . On islands like Koh Phi Phi , where the powerful waves ripped through shops and eateries , and sliced off treetops , it is business as usual with bustling bars , cafes and hotels . Today , the thumping music and jolly backpackers give the island the party atmosphere it had before the disaster , and it is the same in nearby Phuket . Lodgings , like the Kamala Beach Hotel -- the destruction of which was immortalized in dramatic amateur video , have been rebuilt and expanded . Overall , some $ 13.5 billion in aid was pledged after the tsunami , including $ 5.5 billion coming in from the general public , according to the UNDP . "  I think it was the timing . A lot of people were celebrating , it was Christmas and I think a lot of people were really , really touched when they saw those pictures , " said Andrew Morris , of the U.N. children 's agency , UNICEF , in Thailand . "  It was phenomenal , it was unprecedented , I think contributions just flooded in from individuals , from companies , from children themselves . At UNICEF , we received $ 700 million . We know that children in many , many countries themselves got together to raise money . I think the tsunami really touched people 's hearts . " Most homes have been rebuilt in the Maldives and in Sri Lanka , a majority of the lost infrastructure -- such as the 105,000 homes destroyed or damaged in the tsunami -- has been rebuilt . In India , rehabilitation is complete in the hard-hit southern state of Tamil Nadu , but efforts are under way to build a few thousand new homes for those living in high-risk areas ; most homes have been reconstructed in the Andaman and Nicobar Islands , as well as in Pondicherry , along the southeast coast . But there have been some delays in southern India in Kerala , where 11,000 homes were to be constructed , with only 51 so far completed and handed over to survivors . Authorities blame the delay on issues regarding land acquisition and they have decided to pay residents to rebuild their homes on their own , said Abdul Wahid , private secretary to Kerala 's revenue minister . Back in Indonesia , some of the housing built for survivors remains empty due to poor construction that in some cases does not include drinking water or protect against the torrential rains . In one area , stands dozens of abandoned and empty houses built by an aid agency . A woman named Mariami , who lost her husband and three children in the tsunami , has little income and feels she should have gotten more help . "  The walls are made of wood , " she said of her new home . "  I had to change them myself , because when it rains , the water gets inside the house . We do n't even have drinking water here . " Warqa Helmi , of the BKRA , acknowledged that in some cases standards were not met but said the overall quality of new homes was good and corruption has been kept to a minimum . "  The building quality depends on the contractor and material used . Some are good ; some are not . The donor projects were generally good . We closely monitored how the houses were built . There were penalties for the contractors if they failed to meet the quality standard , " he said . Many people across the region will mark the anniversary with prayers , a moment of silence , sprinkling water on mass graves in Indonesia and offering food to monks in Thailand , among other memorials as people in the region try to move forward . "  I try not to remember all the details , " said Thai hotel manager Wisut Kasayapanand , who still has painful memories of that fateful day . "  We try to remember the good things and forget the bad things . The tsunami brought us tears . "	Tsunami claims 245,000 people on December 26 , 2004 Rebuilding steady , though troubles with construction , land rights U.N. : $ 10 billion in damage : $ 13.5 billion in aid received On CNN International : "  Tsunami 5 "  all times GMT  : December 26 : 1430 , 2030 December 27 : 0930 December 28 : 1330 , 1730
CNN  -- Four months after he was escorted in his pajamas onto a military plane and flown out of the country , ousted Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya could return to power within days , analysts said Friday . Negotiators for Zelaya and Roberto Micheletti , the politician who was appointed president hours after Zelaya 's June 28 removal , reached an agreement late Thursday to form a government of national reconciliation . The nation 's congress , in consultation with the supreme court , must approve Zelaya 's return to power . The reconciliation government would rule until a new president , to be chosen in November 29 elections , takes office in January . Micheletti announced the agreement in a televised speech to the nation Thursday night . Zelaya said Friday his return to the presidency is "  imminent " and should occur within days . He has been staying at the Brazilian Embassy in Tegucigalpa , the Honduran capital , since secretly returning to the country September 21 . "  At this moment we are trying to reach a consensus so we can reconstruct democracy , " he told CNN en Español on Friday . Although Zelaya 's return to the presidency is not guaranteed in the eight-point pact , several analysts say they expect the congress will approve the measure . "  If Micheletti came forward with a public announcement , the odds of this being approved by congress are pretty good . It 's a done deal , " said Kevin Casas-Zamora , a senior foreign policy fellow at the non-partisan Brookings Institution and a former vice president of Costa Rica . "  It would be a horrible letdown if congress did not approve the agreement . " Peter Hakim , president of the Inter-American Dialogue policy institute , also believes "  they 'll go ahead and vote for it . " Said Larry Birns , director of the liberal Council on Hemispheric Affairs : "  There seems to be no other way . " The United States played a key role in the accord after weeks of stalemate . Thomas Shannon , assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere affairs , and two other high-level U.S. officials arrived Wednesday and met separately with Zelaya and Micheletti . An agreement appeared possible Thursday when Shannon announced at a news conference that the U.S. delegation would stay another day . A delegation from the Organization of American States had visited Honduras in early October but failed to obtain an agreement . Costa Rican President Oscar Arias had held consultations with both sides but did not get them to agree on a solution . The OAS , the United Nations , the European Union and the United States condemned the military-backed coup and demanded that Zelaya be reinstated . The United States and others imposed economic sanctions , which some analysts say have started to hurt Honduras . "  The dark secret here is that the Honduran economy has been devastated , " Birns said . "  Huge numbers of Hondurans have crossed over into Mexico and are desperate for jobs . " Crumbling economic conditions left Micheletti little choice , Birns said . "  All along Micheletti was holding a diminishing deck , " he said . "  Not only the poor were being hurt . The cutoffs were hurting the nation 's economic elite . So there was a very strong economic motive to reach a solution . " There also was a strong political motive , Hakim said . "  The candidates for president , the people looking forward , wanted to see the elections on November 29 as being legitimate , " he said . Birns agreed that "  the candidates wanted a resolution because of legitimacy . " The United States and many other nations had said the elections would be considered illegitimate if held under Micheletti 's rule . "  By far , the most important thing right now is not whether Zelaya will be reinstated , but that the U.S. is going to recognize the elections , " said Heather Berkman , a Latin America analyst with the Eurasia Group consulting firm . "  The next president will be able to receive diplomatic recognition and much-needed access to international aid and financing , which will be crucial given the weakness of the economy and the fact that the government is running out of money , " she said . Zelaya also appeared to have little choice but to accept the pact , even though it does not automatically return to him to power , as he had demanded all along . "  He did n't have many options , did he ? " said Casas-Zamora of the Brookings Institution . "  He was never able to mobilize people in the numbers he claimed to have . He did n't have much clout , frankly . Holed up in the Brazilian Embassy he became much more marginalized . That 's as good as it gets for him . " The president 's four-year term -- whether it 's Zelaya or Micheletti -- ends January 27 , when the new head of state will take over . Berkman believes Zelaya heard the clock ticking . "  Zelaya probably accepted this agreement because he was running out of time and leverage , and he may have thought that going through congress was his best bet at getting an agreement in his favor , " she said . Birns sees it as a face-saving move . "  The only thing Zelaya gets out of this is the dignity of serving out his complete term , " Birns said . "  He will be a president without any authority . Basically , he 's been rendered into a figurehead president . " In addition to the formation of a reconciliation government , the pact also stipulates -- at Zelaya 's insistence -- that there will be no amnesty for those involved in his ouster . Micheletti said in an interview Friday evening with CNN en Español that he 's certain Zelaya will try to prosecute him . Just a few weeks ago , it was Micheletti who was saying Zelaya would be prosecuted if he left the Brazilian Embassy . "  Yes , we are certain that there will be persecution , " Micheletti said Friday . "  But I am not afraid . What we did was within the constitution . " Micheletti has insisted Zelaya was removed through constitutional means , not a coup . Some analysts say legal proceedings might not be the best course . "  Any attempt to seek revenge here is going to be costly and inefficient and conflictive , " said Birns , head of the Council on Hemispheric Affairs . The pact also calls for the creation of a "  truth commission " to investigate the events surrounding Zelaya 's ouster ; the formation of a "  verification commission " to ensure that the agreement is adhered to ; and a solicitation to the international community to lift economic and diplomatic sanctions . The political crisis stemmed from Zelaya 's plan to hold a referendum that could have changed the constitution to allow longer terms for the president . The country 's congress had outlawed the vote and the supreme court had ruled it illegal . Zelaya has said since his ouster he would not try to revive the issue if returned to power . That 's a good thing , Hakim said . "  The most important thing , " he said , "  are the assurances that Zelaya will be limited in his powers . "	Negotiators for President Manuel Zelaya and de facto President Roberto Micheletti reach deal Two sides to form a government of national reconciliation that could reinstate Zelaya Zelaya forced out of country in June 28 coup , replaced by legislative leader Micheletti Crisis stems from Zelaya 's referendum plan that may have given president longer term
CNN  -- Luis Suarez may have bitten off more than he can chew this time . Already banned twice in his career for biting an opponent , the Uruguay striker was seemingly at it again in his country 's key World Cup victory over Italy . Just before Uruguay 's winning goal , the striker was embroiled in an off the ball incident with Italy defender Giorgio Chiellini with both men falling to the floor . Television pictures showed Suarez dipping his head towards Chiellini , and when the Italian defender eventually got up , he pulled down his shirt and appeared to furiously indicate that he had been bitten on the shoulder . "  Suarez is a sneak and he gets away with it because FIFA want their stars to play in the World Cup , " Chiellini told Sky Sports Italia . "  I 'd love to see if they have the courage to use video evidence against him . The referee saw the bite mark too , but he did nothing about it. , " added the Juventus defender . The 27-year-old Suarez will now face a nervous wait to find out if football 's world governing body FIFA will take action retrospectively -- given it was missed by the match officials - and punish him . A FIFA spokesman told CNN : "  We are awaiting the official match reports and will gather all the necessary elements in order to evaluate the matter . " But FIFA vice-president Jim Boyce , who is also presides as head of the body 's referees committee , says he has huge concerns over Suarez 's actions . "  I have watched the incident several times on television , " he told reporters . "  There is no doubt Luis Suarez is a fantastic footballer but , once again , his actions have left him open to severe criticism . "  FIFA must investigate the incident seriously and take whatever disciplinary action deemed necessary . " But Uruguay coach Oscar Tabarez insists he did not see the incident when he addressed the press in his news conference . "  I 'd like to see the images , " he said . "  I did n't see that . And if it happened the referee probably did n't see it . So no I do n't have any more comments to make . We had more important things than this in a football match . "  There seems there is animosity against this football player , " he added . "  He just came out of a difficult moment and he has been penalized . There are people hiding behind the tree waiting for something to happen . " Diego Godin 's 81st minute header secured victory for Uruguay against an Italian team which played the final half hour with 10-men after Claudio Marchisio was sent off . The defeat led to Italian coach Cesare Prandelli offering his resignation in his news conference after the game -- but all eyes were still on Suarez . The Uruguayan , who plays his club football with Liverpool , was banned for 10 games in April 2013 after being found guilty of biting Chelsea defender Branislav Ivanovic . He was also guilty of biting during his time in the Netherlands with Ajax where he was banned for seven games after leaving a scar on the collarbone of Otman Bakkal . Suarez 's rap sheet is lengthy . At the 2010 World Cup in South Africa , he deliberately handled the ball on the goal-line to deny Ghana a place in the semifinals of the World Cup . He was sent off for his troubles but Ghana missed the penalty and Uruguay went on to finish third in the tournament . The following year after his move to Liverpool , Suarez was found guilty of racially abusing Manchester United 's Patrice Evra . He was fined $ 63,000 and banned for eight matches . Last week , after scoring both goals in his side 's 2-1 victory over England , Suarez hit out at the British media after claiming he had been unfairly treated over his transgressions . "  Before the game people in England laughed about my attitude over the last few years , " he told reporters following the game . "  I want to see what they think now . I have dreamed of this moment . " Suarez enjoyed a sensational season with Liverpool -- scoring 31 league goals to help his club qualify for the Champions League . He was voted Player of the Year by his fellow colleagues and also named as the journalists ' Player of the Year too -- awards that reflected a feeling that Suarez had put behind him his troubled past . His participation in the World Cup had looked in danger when he suffered a knee injury in Liverpool 's final game of the season . He was forced to undergo keyhole surgery and missed Uruguay 's opening game defeat by Costa Rica before making a near miraculous return in time to face England just five weeks after his operation , scoring both goals in the South American side 's 2-1 win . Uruguay 's next game is likely to be against Colombia on Saturday in Rio de Janeiro . Meanwhile , Italy coach Prandelli says he will step down following another World Cup disappointment . Prandelli , who replaced Marcello Lippi as coach in 2010 , also failed to guide Italy out of the group stage in South Africa four years ago . "  At the end of the match I spoke to the president of the federation , I have told them I am going to resign from my position , " he told reporters . "  When there is failure , the person in charge must take responsibility , " added Prandelli , who only extended his contract last month . Giancarlo Abete , the president of the Italian Football Federation , also announced his resignation while stating he hoped to convince Prandelli to stay on . In the group 's other game , Costa Rica sealed top spot with a goalless draw against England . Los Ticos , which won both of its previous games , will play its next game in Recife on Sunday .	Uruguay defeats Italy 1-0 to book place in knockout phase Diego Godin 's header secured victory in Natal Italy coach Cesare Prandelli offers his resignation Costa Rica wins Group D following goalless draw with England
Karachi , Pakistan  CNN  -- Most Pakistanis have rejected the defamatory attacks on the profile of Prophet of Islam Muhammad  Peace be Upon Him  in the movie "  Innocence of Muslims , " which has triggered intensive protests and anger in Pakistan along with Egypt , Libya and Yemen . The government in Pakistan was the first to announce a public holiday and banned YouTube as a mark of protest . But this failed to calm the violent demonstrations and resulting violent mob actions . The country 's big problem is that it suffers from natural disasters , terrorism , crime , poor living conditions and corrupt sociopolitical systems -- but there is little public debate . Erfan Aziz , an academician from Karachi , observed that "  the public in Pakistan has remained much oppressed in the past . Even the genuine issues of society were not allowed to be discussed in public . Notifications such as ` avoid political conversations ' still may be seen in some public areas . " Many in Pakistan are seeking to convey a message to the international community by promoting mutual respect for each other 's faiths . Kulsoom Shah , a Fulbright student , for example says young people must come up with creative ideas to register the hurt feelings that the movie provoked -- but peacefully . Shah said she applauded French students who distributed copies of the Quran in non-Muslim communities . In this way , productive ways to register feelings can help in debunking myths about Islam and promote it as a religion of peace . The present situation is sensitive indeed and can not be dealt with in isolation . Islamic scholars seeking a modest approach should be brought forward on the popular media to calm people 's resentment , while less coverage should be given to more hard-line political parties and public figures . Lindsey Boyle , from Ohio University , condemns the movie 's offense and its overgeneralized tone . For one , the film does not represent popular U.S. opinion ; second , the U.S. government has condemned the movie , so burning the American flag is not necessarily a reasonable reaction . Furthermore , she believes there are many similarities between Christianity 's Jesus and Islam 's Mohammed : They were both open-minded , helped the weak , overcame personal struggles and far more besides . The biggest problem in the world today , religiously and culturally , is misunderstanding . People on both sides of this situation simply need to take time to learn about one another . That becomes almost impossible when one side is making an over-generalized , demeaning movie , and the other side is violently protesting it in an overgeneralized way . We need to work to promote positive messages and understanding , above all else . Read about deadly anti-film protests in Pakistan The question about the nature of protest remains a sensitive one , and it 's far more difficult to motivate people to follow that in practical ways . Pakistani youth must realize the differences of mass media usage in U.S. society and protest in creative , constructive ways to get the desired results , as aggressive protests not only generate more violence and conflict but also make it easy to lose the true spirit of their cause . In the present world , human diversity and pluralism must be understood to promote peace and prosperity . We need peace and harmony , and to do this we must show tolerance and give space to each other 's differences , be they color , race , creed , religion or nationality in order to promote a friendlier lifestyle around us .	There is little public debate in Pakistan , Fateh Muhammad writes She says Islamic scholar seeking modest approach should be more visible Less coverage should be given to hard-line political parties , figures , she adds The biggest problem in the world today is misunderstanding , Fateh Muhammad says
Ronald Reagan will replace George Washington in Japan -- or specifically the naval namesakes of the 40th and first presidents . The U.S. Navy announced Tuesday that the aircraft carrier USS Ronald Reagan will be replacing the USS George Washington at Yokosuka Naval Base near Tokyo . When the move takes place -- the specific timelines are yet to be announced -- the Washington will head to Virginia for overhaul and refueling , and the Reagan will leave its current home port in San Diego . "  The security environment in the Indo-Asia-Pacific requires that the U.S. Navy station the most capable ships forward . This posture allows the most rapid response times possible for maritime and joint forces , and brings our most capable ships with the greatest amount of striking power and operational capability to bear in the timeliest manner , " the Navy said in a news release announcing the move . The Reagan has a history in Japan , having participated in relief efforts after the March 2011 tsunami that damaged the Fukushima nuclear plant . In December 2012 , a group of eight sailors from the Reagan sued the Tokyo Electric Power Company , alleging that exposure to radiation that escaped from the plant sickened them . In 2008 , the Washington became the first American nuclear-powered carrier to be based in Japan when it replaced the USS Kitty Hawk . The Reagan is also nuclear-powered . On board a supercarrier George Washington in U.S.-Japan naval exercises	U.S. Navy : The Reagan will replace the Washington at Yokosuka Naval Base The USS Ronald Reagan will leave its current home port in San Diego The USS George Washington will go to Virginia for overhaul and refueling
Dabola , Guinea  CNN  -- Violence and voter intimidation in Guinea 's eastern region has forced the displacement of thousands of ethnic Peul who support presidential candidate Cellou Dalein Diallo , according to an official for the Red Cross in Guinea and local officials of Diallo 's party . The West African nation 's long-awaited , much-delayed second round presidential runoff between Diallo and Alpha Conde is scheduled for Sunday . But more than a week of violence and intimidation that has forced thousands of people to leave their homes in the towns of Siguiri , Kouroussa and Kissidougou in eastern Guinea has soured what would be the nation 's most credible democratic presidential vote in its 52-year history . Are you there ? Share images and video with CNN iReport Ananie Kashironge , head of media relations for the International Committee of the Red Cross in Conakry , the nation 's capital , told CNN on Tuesday that 2,800 people were displaced on October 29 and 30 alone . In addition , commercial trucks filled with ethnic Peul and all their possessions have been leaving the eastern towns of Siguiri  about 800 kilometers from Conakry  and Kouroussa  about 580 kilometers from Conakry  every day for the past 12 days , and local officials for Diallo 's UFDG party say a total of 15,000 to 20,000 Peul have been displaced around the country . Most of the displaced people have traveled west to the Fouta Djallon region , where they have relatives , the officials say . After a rally for Conde in Conakry on October 22 in which dozens of supporters fell sick after drinking contaminated water and yogurt , ethnic Malinke people attacked Peul in Upper Guinea , especially in Siguiri and Kouroussa , for days . Those displaced spoke of Malinke men looting and burning Peul-owned businesses and demolishing homes where Peul lived in Siguiri . Officials for Diallo 's party said they registered the deaths of three Peul in Siguiri , one who had been fatally beaten and two who had died after being struck by stones . Conde , whose father is from the Malinke ethnic group , draws much of his support from the majority Malinke region of Upper Guinea , where most of the violence happened . Diallo , an ethnic Peul , has his base of supporters in the northwestern Fouta Djallon region . Sabo Camara , the campaign director for the UFDG party in Dabola , a town on the border of the Fouta Djallon and Upper Guinea regions where many Peul have stayed or passed through , said the violence seemed planned . "  They do n't want -LSB- the Peul -RSB- to vote and we heard that they even put out a communique on local radio saying that if -LSB- the Peul -RSB- stay there until election day they will kill all of them , " Camara told CNN on Monday . "  We estimate that 15 to 20,000 people have passed through or stayed in Dabola " since October 22 , " he added . "  Many told us that meetings had been organized , and razors and knives distributed to get rid of the Peul by force . " One displaced man said those who forced them out made no secret of the reason . "  They told us , ` Come election day not a single Peul will vote here , ' which is why they chased us away , " said Thierno Barry , who left Siguiri with his family and all their belongings and was heading for his village of origin in the Fouta Djallon region . And a displaced Peul woman traveling from Siguiri who asked not to be named for safety reasons told a similar story . "  They gave out a list of people from the Peul ethnic group and said that they have to leave before the election or they will be killed , " she said . Camara said the authorities in Siguiri and Kouroussa , members of a military junta who has ruled Guinea since December , 2008 , did not do anything to stop the violence . "  We are under the impression that the authorities are complicit . Otherwise how can there be such trouble for four , five days without the authorities intervening , " he said . Cheik Kaba , a Malinke businessman in Kankan , an upper Guinea city some 120 kilometers from Siguiri , told CNN that anti-Peul violence had spread to Kankan but had been contained because of local peace efforts . Conakry supporters of Conde 's RPG party "  called us to say that -LSB- the Peul -RSB- poisoned RPG members . ... Everyone wanted to destroy everything here , but we reasoned with them and made them understand that it is our country and Guinea belongs to everyone , so they left them alone , " Kaba said . Dr. Mohamed Saliou Camara , professor at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical University in Florida and author of a book on Guinea 's independence leader , told CNN recently that "  ethnicity becomes truly a problem when politicians resort to it to compensate for their lack of viable ideological platform and political program to meaningfully mobilize the electorate . " The number of displaced people has once again complicated efforts to hold a credible second round of presidential elections . Siaka Toumani Sangare , the retired Malian general in charge of Guinea 's electoral commission , told journalists at a press conference on Monday that the government was taking measures to ensure that those displaced will be able to vote . But with thousands of displaced people now in remote villages with electoral cards left behind in Siguiri and Kouroussa , it will be very difficult for the inefficient Guinean government to reach all those affected . "  We are very scared because this is a dangerous precedent , a very dangerous precedent , " Sabo Camara said . "  If people who have lived in a place for 30 years , 40 years , 50 years , are told to leave the houses they have built , the businesses filled with their goods , it 's really quite worrying . "	Ethnic Peul have been targeted , Red Cross and local officials say The Peul and the Malinke support different candidates for president The long-delayed second round of presidential elections is Sunday
CNN  -- Some 20 years after his beating at the hands of Los Angeles police , Rodney King was pulled over in Arcadia , California , this week after allegedly running a red light , his fiancee said Thursday night . Cynthia Kelly said she was riding with King on Tuesday when the traffic stop occurred . King was then was cited for driving without a license , she said . Kelly was a juror in King 's civil trial against the city of Los Angeles in 1994 , in which he was awarded $ 3.8 million . Amateur video captured King 's beating after Los Angeles police officers stopped him for speeding March 3 , 1991 . Police beat King repeatedly , delivering 56 baton blows and six kicks -- causing skull fractures , and brain and kidney damage . King talks to CNN about the 1991 beating Four officers were charged with assault with a deadly weapon and excessive use of force but were acquitted of state charges on April 29 , 1992 . The three days of rioting that followed in Los Angeles and other U.S. cities left 55 people dead and 2,000 injured . There were 12,000 arrests and about $ 1 billion in property damage in Los Angeles . Two of the officers , Sgt. Stacey Koon and officer Laurence Powell , were later convicted of federal civil rights violations . Since then , King has had a handful of run-ins with the law , including a guilty plea in 2004 to driving under the influence of a controlled substance and reckless driving . In a recent interview with CNN 's Don Lemon , King said he forgave the officers involved in the 1991 beating . "  I 've been given a break many times in life , everybody 's entitled to a break , " King said . "  I did n't die , you know what I mean ? " CNN 's Jeff Reid contributed to this report	King is cited for driving without a license Twenty years ago , King was beaten by police after he was stopped for speeding Rioting followed after the four officers charged in the beating were acquitted King has had a handful of run-ins with the law since then
I 'm not mad at Tiger Woods , or Nike . Those people who are up-in-arms that Woods has climbed back to his standing as the world 's No. 1 golfer and that he is no longer asking for our forgiveness are hypocrites . "  Winning Takes Care of Everything , " proclaims his most recent Nike ad , as a focused Tiger crouches in the background . When I first saw the ad , I thought : Wow , bold move by Nike . It 's an in-your-face , unapologetic statement . Back in 2009 , when Woods took his public plunge into disgrace by cheating on his wife with a long list of silicone-enhanced beauties , we criticized him for being a fake . We said he 'd lied not only to his wife but also to his adoring public , who apparently thought he was a near-God . We said he was the role model for our kids . But I never thought it was Tiger 's job to teach my son how to be a responsible , loving husband or father . That 's a job for parents . Of course , I 'm not excusing his behavior , but I am not his judge . His wife and family -- and Tiger himself -- really were the only ones hurt by his actions . Well , now Tiger is being real . He 's being honest with the public . We should be happy . He 's finally speaking his mind so there can be no question of what type of man he is today . And I say , good for him . Does winning really take care of everything in Woods ' life ? And good for Nike for standing by him through what was in the end just a personal flaw . It 's not like he 's Lance Armstrong , who used enhancement drugs throughout his career and sabotaged an entire sport for years . Woods did not have to give back his championships because he cheated his sport , his fans or his sponsors . Do n't be mad at Tiger . It was never him we were disappointed in anyway . It was the cheating boyfriend or spouse who broke our hearts and split up our families . Be mad at the problems in your own personal life . Or , be mad at yourself . I know when I 've screwed up , if I 'm honest , the first person to be upset with is myself . Tiger has nothing to do with my life or relationships . The Nike ad may be offensive to those who do n't quite understand sports culture , or work in extremely competitive environments such as sales , or Wall Street , and even politics . But in those worlds , nothing could be truer than "  winning takes care of everything . " In those worlds you are only as good as your last big win . Photos : Redemption through sports How many times have we said to ourselves at work : "  I can turn my career around with one success on my next project ? " Or , "  One win will make my bosses happy and all will be forgotten ? " How many of us say to our kids who play sports : "  Hang in there . All you need is one game-winning goal and that will change everything . Everyone will forget you have n't scored all season . " Winning does change things . Just think of Super Bowl Champion Ray Lewis , who the NFL calls one of the best men to ever play the game . Or former Ohio State football coach Jim Tressel , who was a king for a decade , surviving numerous scandals until he was forced to resign amid NCAA rules sanctions . Tressel then went on to work for the NFL . Why ? Because he knows how to win . Does anyone think Joe Paterno would have lasted so long at Penn State among the allegations of child sex abuse if the football program was down-and-out ? No , sadly , it was the winning and the big money that kept Paterno and others safe . Heck , even Newt Gingrich and Bill Clinton reclaimed their status as kingmakers after personal disgraces . We are a forgiving nation . For me , nothing is better than someone who can get back up and succeed after a bloody knockout . Tiger got back up . And I hope this time around he can relax , be himself and enjoy the game .	Nike 's new ad about Tiger Woods proclaims "  winning takes care of everything " Roxanne Jones : We criticized Woods for his infidelity , but he never cheated his sport She says in the world of competitive sports you are only as good as your last big win Jones : For me , nothing is better than someone who can get back up after a knockout
CNN  -- Atlanta 's airport is still the busiest passenger airport in the world , but Beijing 's airport is closing the gap . More than 94 million passengers went through Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport in 2013 , a decrease of 1.1 % over the previous year , according to Airports Council International 's preliminary passenger traffic results for 2013 . Beijing Capital International Airport came in second place and is continuing to close the gap with Atlanta , reporting nearly 84 million passengers last year . That 's an increase of 2.2 % over 2012 . London 's Heathrow Airport remained in third place with more than 72 million passengers , an increase of 3.3 % , according to Airports Council International , the worldwide association of airports . There were no changes to fourth , fifth and sixth places . They remained Tokyo International Airport  Haneda  , Chicago O'Hare International Airport and Los Angeles International Airport . With 66.4 million passengers last year and a 15 % increase in traffic , Dubai jumped from 10th place to seventh place . "  With double-digit growth rates in passenger traffic for 2013 , Dubai is likely to move up several spots again in the 2014 rankings , solidifying its status as the major hub connecting the east and west , " ACI World 's Economics Director Rafael Echevarne said in a press release . "  Aviation 's nucleus appears to be moving eastward , " he said . "  Other emerging markets such as Turkey , China and South East Asia that have a critical mass of traffic also remain major contributors to the upward surge in air transport demand . This trend will continue into 2014 . " Paris dropped from seventh to eighth place , Dallas/Fort Worth remained in ninth place and Jakarta dropped to 10th place . Behind the scenes at the world 's busiest airport Passenger traffic continued to grow around the world , with the world 's airports serving nearly 5.4 billion passengers in 2013 , growing by 4 % from 2012 , according to the report . Atlanta 's airport still topped the rankings in airplane movements  takeoffs and landings  , with 911,000 movements last year . Chicago O'Hare International Airport came in second place with 883,000 movements and Dallas/Fort Worth was third with 678,000 . Rounding out that list were Los Angeles International Airport , Denver , Beijing , Charlotte , Las Vegas , Houston and Paris . Hong Kong 's airport is still the busiest cargo airport in the world , transporting nearly 4.2 million metric tons of cargo last year . Memphis , Tennessee , home to FedEx , came in second place with 4.1 million metric tons and Shanghai was third with 2.9 million metric tons .  One metric ton equals 2,205 pounds . Rounding out the top 10 were cargo airports in Incheon , South Korea ; Dubai ; Anchorage , Alaska ; Louisville , Kentucky ; Frankfurt , Germany ; Paris ; and Tokyo  Narita  . The Airports Council International preliminary traffic report was based on reports from over 1,105 airports worldwide . A final version will be released later in the year .	The busiest airport in the world saw fewer passengers last year than in 2012 Beijing 's airport saw an increase in passengers in 2013 Dubai 's airport jumped three spots to finish in seventh place
CNN  -- A former Rutgers University student went on trial Friday in New Jersey on hate crimes charges and other counts for allegedly using a webcam to spy on his roommate 's sexual encounter with another man . The roommate , Tyler Clementi , committed suicide by jumping off the George Washington Bridge just days after Dharun Ravi allegedly streamed the encounter remotely and allowed others to view it . "  That viewing lasted , depending upon who you want to listen to , two to five seconds , " said defense attorney Steven Altman . "  The back of two people from the corner of the room , embracing . ... That was it . " Ravi , 19 , faces a 15-count indictment in connection with Clementi 's 2010 death that includes charges of invasion of privacy , bias intimidation , tampering with physical evidence , witness tampering , and hindering apprehension or prosecution . The jury will be confronted with the question of whether Ravi 's alleged bullying was borne of a gay prejudice that prompted him to intimidate Clementi because of his sexual orientation . "  These acts were purposeful , they were intentional , and they were planned , " prosecutor Julia L. McClure told the jury on the first day of the trial . The highly anticipated case drew more than 100 people inside the courtroom . Last year , Ravi turned down a plea deal that would have allowed him to avoid jail time . The deal offered by Middlesex County prosecutors would have required the former student to undergo 600 hours of community service , counseling and to dispose of any information that could identify the man that appeared in the web video with Clementi . Prosecutors also offered to help Ravi avoid deportation , though they said they could not guarantee it . Ravi is a citizen of India who had been studying on a visa at the New Jersey university . A second student charged in the scandal , Molly Wei , 19 , reached a plea deal that requires her to testify against Ravi . If convicted , Ravi could face up to 10 years behind bars . On Friday , Wei 's roommate Cassandra Cicco testified about the alleged video stream . "  I could only really see one of them and his back was to the camera and he appeared to be shirtless , " she said . "  Someone pressed end on the feed . It ended abruptly and we were all just like -- oh , OK , that happened . And that was the end of it . " Less than a month after Clementi 's suicide , President Barack Obama released a taped video message condemning bullying .	NEW : "  These acts were purposeful , " says a prosecutor Dharun Ravi , 19 , faces a 15-count indictment that includes hate crime charges Jury will decide whether the alleged bullying was borne of a gay prejudice Tyler Clementi flung himself off the George Washington Bridge just days after the incident
Race relations in the United States have "  certainly gotten better , " despite widely-varying opinions on the criminal justice system 's fairness , incoming Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell said Monday . In an interview with CNN 's Dana Bash , the Kentucky Republican called pointed to South Carolina Sen. Tim Scott , a Republican , who in November became the first black senator elected in the South since Reconstruction . "  It 's undeniable there 's been remarkable progress for African-Americans in this country . They 've been elected senators and governors and running major corporations , " he said . "  But obviously we still have a long way to go . " Will the Eric Garner case change things ? Debates about race relations have raged since grand juries in Ferguson , Missouri , and New York City failed to indict police officers accused of unnecessarily killing black citizens . Other top Republicans have said race relations have suffered under President Barack Obama , the country 's first black president . One potential 2016 Republican presidential candidate , neurosurgeon Ben Carson , recently said in an interview with Breitbart TV that , "  Things were better before this president was elected . And I think that things have gotten worse because of his unusual emphasis -LSB- on race -RSB- . " McConnell 's comments come a day after a Bloomberg Politics poll found that 53 percent of Americans believe racial tensions have gotten worse under Obama . McConnell said he did n't want to assess Obama 's role . "  People can draw their own conclusions , " he said . "  I think we 've come a long way but we probably have way more progress we need to make . " The criminal justice system should be trusted -- whether its outcomes are popular or not , McConnell said . "  Unfortunately , so much of the criminal justice system seems to be producing different reactions from different people based upon race , " McConnell said . "  At the end of the day , though , we have to trust the criminal justice system . They bring together people to review evidence , to see whether an indictment is appropriate . "  When that happens some people like it and some do n't . It 's sort of like being a member of Congress . And , I think we 're not happy with where we are , but we just have to keep working on it , " he said .	Soon-to-be Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell says race relations in the United States have improved McConnell said that "  we have to trust the criminal justice system "
President Barack Obama and Nancy Pelosi are steering clear of competitive House districts but Republicans are still making sure their presence is felt . The president and House Democratic leader are star players in television commercials the GOP is pumping into these districts in the final stretch before the midterm elections . It 's not surprising that the GOP is tying the president , whose approval ratings are at records lows , to vulnerable House and Senate Democrats . But Pelosi 's image pops up even more than the president 's in the latest round of Republican campaign ads targeting Democratic incumbents and challengers . One senior House GOP strategist tells CNN that while Obama is unpopular , their internal polls show that Pelosi remains even more "  toxic . " Obama on the airwaves On Tuesday , the National Republican Congressional Committee unveiled a new television commercial attacking West Virginia Democratic Rep. Nick Rahall that includes a video clip of Obama declaring that even though he 's not on the ballot his policies are on , "  every single one of them . " The narrator concludes "  a vote for Nick Rahall is a vote for the Obama agenda . " A similar spot is airing in Georgia , where the NRCC also uses the president 's image adjacent to that of Democratic Rep. John Barrow several times in thirty seconds . The president served up another line for the GOP ad makers on Monday in an interview with MSNBC host Al Sharpton . Obama conceded that campaigning with fellow Democrats in these competitive areas might only help energize Republican turnout . But he did n't help those Democrats wanting to keep him at arm 's length by saying , "  the bottom line is that these are all folks that vote with me . They have supported my agenda in Congress . " GOP 's familiar strategy : tie Democrats to Pelosi Pelosi , like the president , has focused her energy traveling to high ticket fundraisers in cities like New York , San Francisco , Washington , DC , and Los Angeles , rather appearing at public events in competitive House districts . POLL : Georgia Senate race statistically tied But if you turn on the TV in many of those districts , Pelosi 's image is front and center . Out of the dozen new ads released by the NRCC on Tuesday , seven specifically show Pelosi right next to the Democratic candidates . And these ads come after a barrage of similar spots that ran last month from both the NRCC and the U.S. Chamber of Commerce . The Republican strategy is not new . Ever since Pelosi joined House leadership ranks , she has become a familiar face in Republican campaign commercials . The GOP effort to tie every swing district Democrat to Pelosi - who they often label as a "  San Francisco liberal " -- reached its peak in the 2010 midterms . During that election , House Republicans made ousting Pelosi from the Speaker 's chair their cause . Over $ 65 million was spent on ads that specifically targeted Pelosi , according to analysis of TV ads for CNN by Campaign Media Analysis Group after that election . House Democrats lost 63 seats and control of the House . In the 2012 election the NRCC and other GOP groups again used Pelosi 's image , often next to Obama 's , since he was at the top of the ticket . Even though Pelosi is n't as big of a threat since her leadership position is diminished , GOP strategists say she is still well known , and they believe she maintains a partisan impression with voters that can hurt Democratic candidates . The new round of NRCC-funded campaign ads showcases the anti-Pelosi theme . Minnesota Democratic Rep. Colin Peterson is criticized for supporting "  Nancy Pelosi 's energy tax . " A picture of Iowa Democratic candidate Staci Appel is placed next to one of Pelosi as the NRCC ad denounces Appel 's support of "  big government . " Pelosi also appears in an NRCC ad against Florida Democratic candidate Gwen Graham that highlights Graham 's support of Obamacare . The Congressional Leadership Fund , a group with ties to House Speaker John Boehner , unveiled a new series of half a dozen ads this week that also prominently use pictures of Pelosi . The GOP group 's television spot says Arizona Democratic Rep Ron Barber , will "  take your vote and give it to Nancy Pelosi " and emphasizes that California Democratic Rep " "  Ami Bera voted with Nancy Pelosi to support Obamacare . " Pelosi is n't surprised by the tactic , and in fact she appears to welcomes it . Last month she called the move "  desperate " and argued it was proof that Republicans "  have no ideas . " But the Democratic Leader also smiled and noted that when Republicans made it about her , "  they help me raise money every single day ! " Fundraising records do show Pelosi has brought in an impressive haul over this election cycle . As of September , Pelosi raised over $ 80 million for Democrats this election cycle - more than the $ 65 million she raised in the fall before the 2012 election . Her office said that she personally has raised more than one third of the $ 163 million that the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee raised for the 2014 midterms .	President Obama not on campaign trail but on airwaves GOP also featuring Nancy Pelosi in ads , say she is more "  toxic " than the president Republicans used similar strategy putting Pelosi in ads in previous elections Pelosi not surprised by GOP strategy , says it helps her raise money for Democrats
New York  CNN  -- On the same day he was released from a hospital after undergoing a heart procedure , former President Clinton told reporters he has no plans to slow down . "  I have to keep working -- that 's what my life is for , " he said outside his home in Chappaqua , New York , on Friday . "  You know I was given a good mind , a strong body , a wonderful life and it would be wrong for me not to work . " "  I even did a couple of miles -LSB- walking -RSB- on the treadmill today , " he said . On Thursday , Clinton , 63 , underwent a procedure at New York-Presbyterian Hospital 's Columbia campus to implant two stents in a clogged coronary artery . Clinton has "  no evidence of heart attack or damage to his heart , " and his prognosis is excellent after undergoing the procedure , according to Dr. Allan Schwartz , the hospital 's chief of cardiology . Schwartz said the procedure was "  part of the natural history " of Clinton 's treatment after his 2004 quadruple bypass surgery and "  not a result of either his lifestyle or diet , both of which have been excellent . " Have you gone through heart surgery ? Share your story . Clinton called the procedure "  kind of a repair job " and said he 's "  actually doing very well . " He said he began feeling tired around Christmas and traveled several times in recent weeks to Europe and Haiti . "  I did n't really notice it until about four days ago when I felt a little bit of pain in my chest , and I thought I had to check it out , " he said . Earlier Friday , Clinton , the U.N. special envoy for Haiti , issued a statement marking the passing of one month since a massive earthquake devastated the impoverished nation . He also has visited the island nation twice since the earthquake , a fact he noted on Friday . "  I will continue to work with the Haitian government and people , international donors and multilateral organizations , the Haitian Diaspora , NGOs -LSB- nongovernmental organizations -RSB- , and the international business community to fulfill unmet needs , " Clinton said in the statement , released Friday . "  Haiti still has a chance to escape the chains of the past and the ruins of the earthquake , " he said . "  But we all will have to do what we can today . " Clinton said he had helped collect 200,000 donations for Haiti through his partnership with former President George W. Bush -- the Clinton Bush Haiti Fund -- and through the Clinton Foundation Haiti Relief Fund , calling those efforts "  especially impressive . " He said he has helped allocate $ 7 million in relief . The 7.0-magnitude quake of January 12 leveled most of Port-au-Prince , Haiti 's capital , killing more than 212,000 people and injuring 300,000 , according to Haitian government estimates . It left more than a million homeless . Clinton underwent a procedure called angioplasty , the hospital said , in which a balloon catheter is threaded through an artery to the blocked vessel in the heart . When inflated , the balloon opens the vessel and restores blood flow . Many times , a scaffolding-like structure called a stent is left in place to keep the artery open . How stents open arteries President Obama called Clinton on Thursday evening and wished him a speedy recovery so he can continue his work on Haiti and other humanitarian efforts , a senior administration official said . Schwartz said Clinton began experiencing "  pressure or constriction " in his chest several days ago , episodes he described as "  brief in nature but repetitive . " An initial electrocardiogram and blood test showed no evidence of heart attack , Schwartz said . Subsequent pictures of Clinton 's arteries revealed that one of the bypass grafts from his 2004 surgery was "  completely blocked , " prompting the stent procedure , which took about an hour , Schwartz said . Schwartz said Clinton was up and walking about two hours after the surgery . Clinton 's daughter , Chelsea , and his wife , Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , were with him at the hospital Thursday night , Schwartz said . Hillary Clinton was scheduled to leave Friday on a planned trip to the Middle East , but her departure has been delayed until Saturday , a senior U.S. official said . Bill Clinton has maintained an active schedule since leaving the White House in 2001 , devoting much of his time to global philanthropic interests and speeches . Friends have expressed concerns that his "  frenetic pace " was taking a toll on his health , sources told CNN . Clinton maintained that frenetic schedule all the way up to the surgery , said Terry McAuliffe , a longtime Clinton friend and former chairman of the Democratic National Committee . In fact , as doctors were wheeling Clinton into the operating room , Clinton 's phone had to be taken out of his hand , said McAuliffe . "  He was on a conference call dealing with Haiti , " McAuliffe told CNN Friday morning . "  And I guarantee as soon as he gets back today he 's going to be back on the phone . He 's passionate about helping the folks down there . " In addition to his trips to Haiti , Clinton attended the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , in January . David Gergen , CNN senior political analyst , said Clinton was exhausted and had a cold after returning from his second trip to Haiti earlier this month . But Schwartz stressed Thursday that Clinton 's lifestyle has nothing to do with his hospitalization . "  He has really toed the line in terms of both diet and exercise , " Schwartz said , adding that he told Clinton he could be back in the office Monday . Dr. Spencer King , who has not treated Clinton , rejected as outdated suggestions that the former president needs to slow down . "  This is kind of a '50s concept , " he said Thursday . "  Now we 've got a lot of fantastic ways to prevent progression of heart disease -- medications , things that can be done . The outlook for people is totally different . " "  If he slows down , he slows down , " said King , president of St. Joseph 's Heart and Vascular Institute in Atlanta , Georgia . But he added , "  It would be very hard to show any data that would tell you he 'll have more trouble if he hangs it up . " Clinton 's 2004 surgery was performed at the same hospital where he was admitted Thursday . Doctors in 2005 operated again on Clinton to remove scar tissue and fluid that had built up after his bypass surgery . Schwartz said Thursday that the type of bypass graft used in Clinton 's 2004 surgery "  has a 10 -LSB- percent -RSB- to 20 percent failure rate after five or six years . " King said Thursday 's stent procedure may not be the end of Clinton 's heart woes . "  The problem there is that that vein graft is developing disease , and sometimes it goes on and develops more , " he said . "  There 's a substantial chance over the next three , four , five years that it could close up again . " CNN 's John King , Ed Henry , Jessica Yellin , Elise Labott and Tom Watkins contributed to this report .	NEW : "  I have to keep working -- that 's what my life is for , " former President Clinton says Clinton out of New York hospital after cardiac procedure Angioplasty-stent procedure opens one of Clinton 's blocked coronary arteries Busy schedule not a factor in heart trouble , doctor says
Mariupol , Ukraine  CNN  After days of ferocious attacks , a ceasefire went into effect after midnight Sunday in Ukraine , followed by brief accusations of violence . President Petro Poroshenko ordered the Ukrainian military to hold its fire against pro-Russian militants in the nation 's East . The separatist Donetsk People 's Republic also announced a truce . The ceasefire aims to end 10 months of violence in eastern Ukraine . But less than 90 minutes after it started , Ukrainian officials reported mortar shelling at a military post near Zolote in the Luhansk region . CNN teams in Ukraine said the shelling quieted shortly after midnight . The "  ceasefire is holding , " according to chief monitor Ertugrul Apakan of the Organization for Security and Co-operation in Europe . Referring to the first 12 hours of the ceasefire , Apakan said the ceasefire was being respected overall , with some exceptions . Apakan noted violations in the town of Debaltseve , where an exchange of artillery fire began after the ceasefire was implemented . Ceasefire monitors said they were blocked from traveling into the town . Deathly silence in the area was broken Sunday by the sound of shelling and at times civilians still fleeing for their lives , CNN 's Nick Paton Walsh reported . In the area around the city of Donetsk , there were reports of a mortar round , three uses of a multiple-launch rocket system and small-arms fire in the first hour of the ceasefire , but the "  situation was calm , " the chief monitor said . There were also violations reported before dawn in the city of Luhansk , he said . The OSCE mission "  calls on all parties to fully adhere to the ceasefire in all locations , " Apakan said . Ukraine 's Defense Ministry concurred that combat activity by "  illegal armed groups " fell after the ceasefire went into effect , but said the situation in Donetsk and Luhansk regions remain "  extremely difficult . " In a statement , defense spokesman Andriy Lysenko said that since the beginning of the ceasefire , "  enemy forces " initiated fire from artillery , grenade launchers , mortars and small arms against Ukrainian military positions in the area near the towns of Debaltseve and Shyrokine . Ukrainian forces had suffered no casualties since the announcement of the ceasefire , said Lysenko . The peace agreement signed in Minsk , Belarus , comes with questions over how it will be implemented and whether it will stick . Mistrust is high on both sides , adding to the doubts . Debaltseve , a strategically located railroad hub in the East , is a crucial piece of the ceasefire . In his speech announcing the ceasefire , Poroshenko said Ukrainian troops control the town and warned militants to stay away . "  I think the fact of using the tense situation on the outskirts of Debaltseve by militants-terrorists-mercenaries poses a great threat , which can violate the ceasefire regime , " Poroshenko said . Separatists claimed to have encircled Debaltseve . Poroshenko has warned that if the separatists do not abide by the ceasefire , he will impose martial law throughout Ukraine 's territory . Shelling rocked two eastern Ukrainian cities Saturday ahead of the ceasefire , raising fears that the deal to end the bitter conflict might be in jeopardy . Both incoming and outgoing artillery could be seen in the vicinity of the coastal city of Mariupol , and there was significant shelling in the city of Donetsk . Ukraine 's National Defense and Security Council reported seven soldiers killed and 23 wounded in 24 hours . The council said additional forces were crossing the border from Russia into Ukraine in the area of Novoazovsk . Igor Martinov , separatist-appointed mayor of Donetsk , said two people were killed and four injured by shelling in the city center Saturday afternoon . Under the deal , both sides were expected to start pulling back their heavy weapons from the front lines Monday , creating a buffer zone at least 50 kilometers  31 miles  wide . The OSCE has the challenging task of overseeing the process . It also envisions prisoner swaps , new local elections in the conflict-affected regions of Luhansk and Donetsk , and a law granting amnesty to those involved in the fighting . However , Svyatoslav Tsegolko , a spokesman for the Ukrainian president , said that those responsible for shooting down Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 over Ukraine last summer will not be given amnesty under the Minsk agreement . This could be a potential obstacle to keeping the separatists on board . Western governments believe rebels used a Russian-supplied missile system to shoot down the jet after mistaking it for a military aircraft , while Kiev says it was a Russian officer who pressed the button . The separatists and Russia have denied any responsibility . The Kremlin has said it hopes to see the latest peace plan succeed , but reiterated Russia "  is not a participant " in the conflict . Russia has steadfastly denied accusations by Kiev and the West that it is sending forces and heavy weapons into Ukraine . But Kiev has accused it of continuing to do so even after the peace plan was signed in Minsk . A previous peace agreement in September swiftly disintegrated . CNN 's Frederik Pleitgen reported from Mariupol , Ukraine , and Faith Karimi wrote from Atlanta . CNN 's Laura Smith-Spark and Nick Paton Walsh contributed to this report .	The sound of shelling breaks the silence near Debaltseve A peace agreement was signed this month in Minsk , Belarus It 's unclear how it will be implemented and whether it will stick
CNN  -- In 1940 , Hollywood 's most popular comedian made a movie that subjected a world leader to ruthless parody , turning a brutal despot into a figure of fun . At the time , Adolf Hitler was consolidating his hold over Europe ; the full monstrousness of Nazi atrocities were still to be revealed , and the United States was not yet at war with his regime . But the film had been controversial from the start . Two years earlier , German officials raised questions about it and the secretary of the British Board of Film Censors wrote to his American counterpart saying it could violate a rule against depicting a living person on screen without his consent . Of course , "  Dictator " went on to become Charlie Chaplin 's biggest commercial success , and is today regularly listed among the greatest films in Hollywood history . One wonders what would have become of "  The Great Dictator " today , given Sony 's decision Wednesday to respond to threats from anonymous hackers by yanking the raunchy North Korea satire "  The Interview " with Seth Rogen and James Franco from theatrical release . Granted , it 's unlikely that "  The Interview " is in the same league as Chaplin 's magnum opus -- given that the film 's comedy rests on subtle , nuanced plot elements such as Rogen being forced to hide objects in his anus , I 'm not even sure it 's playing the same sport . And Sony was compelled to pull the film after being subjected to debilitating leaks that have cost it hundreds of millions in lost time and business , and confronted with a new set of cyberterrorist intimidations that included a promise of "  9/11-style violence " -- threats that ultimately led a half-dozen of the biggest theater chains in the United States to announce that they would refuse to show "  The Interview " if Sony chose to distribute it . Sony 's surrender is more than just a humiliating black eye for one of the world 's largest entertainment companies -- more , even , than the first notes of a dirge for the studio and its beleaguered leadership . It opens a new and insidious chapter in artistic censorship that raises the question of whether any work that lampoons or derides a powerful public figure or institution can now be made in today 's entertainment industry . Art  and for this argument 's purposes , let 's include "  The Interview " in the category of "  art "  has always been deeply intertwined with politics . Many of the greatest works in history would never have been created without the patronage of powerful world leaders and institutions , from kings and queens to religious faiths to merchant princelings . And of course , the flipside of the coin of patronage has always been repression : the Iconoclastic Controversy of Byzantine emperor Leo III ; Hitler 's purging of "  degenerate " art ; Mao 's Cultural Revolution ; more recently , the death threats and vandalizations that have accompanied displays of Andres Serrano 's "  Piss Christ , " a photo of a crucifix immersed in urine ; the fatwa that sent Salman Rushdie into hiding for writing his literary fantasy "  The Satanic Verses " ; the murder of filmmaker Theo van Gogh for making the documentary "  Submission , " which questioned the treatment of women under Islam ; and the controversies over the cartoon depiction of the Prophet Mohammed in the Danish newspaper Jyllands-Posten and on Comedy Central 's "  South Park . " America 's recent midterm elections were affected by the question of art 's intersection with politics : The Benghazi riots that served as the backdrop for a militant assault that killed several U.S. diplomatic officials , including J. Christopher Stevens , the U.S. ambassador to Libya , were initially claimed to have been part of a global series of protests after the Internet release of an amateurish anti-Islam film called "  Innocence of Muslims . " What Sony 's capitulation shows , however , is that in our postmodern era , shutting down the arts no longer requires jackbooted soldiers , raging mobs -- or even manifest physical danger . It does n't matter if North Korea was originally behind the Sony hack ; even if it was , it 's certainly unlikely that the vague threats to public safety in the more recent warnings could ever have been carried out . But after Sony 's decision , the mere threat of attack by shadowy digital forces may now be enough to forestall interest in depicting "  controversial " public figures -- or subjects . And this chill wo n't be limited to political leaders . After all , any institution or individual can buy a black-hat hacker 's time ; a single individual with enough time and skills can wreak unprecedented havoc on a multibillion-dollar company , and some of the most brilliant inhabitants of the digital dark side do their dirty deeds for nothing but the promise of "  lulz . " So the question remains : Could "  The Great Dictator " be made today ? Could "  Team America : World Police " ? What about HBO 's forthcoming documentary on Scientology , "  Going Clear " ? The repercussions from Sony 's junking of "  The Interview " are already being seen : Fox Studios and New Regency were working on a Steve Carell thriller set in North Korea that was ready to begin shooting in March . On Wednesday , they quietly killed the project . Sony could have stood its ground and decided to release the film , even if only in a single theater . It could have chosen to distribute it globally via on-demand streaming , and probably would have made hundreds of millions from curiosity-seekers and those who want to send a message against censorship . It might have even chosen to fight fire with fire , broadly releasing the film to pirate sites and illicit-sharing platforms as an upraised middle finger to those who tried to suppress it -- the money has already been spent on it , after all , and an act of bravura of that caliber might even have brought Sony a patina of cool . Instead , the dominoes will continue to fall . Sony has given saboteurs a virtual veto over its productions , and Hollywood seems likely to follow suit . In short , at least in this battle , the terrorists have won .	After anonymous threats , movie exhibitors and Sony canceled "  The Interview " Jeff Yang says it 's a complete surrender and has grave implications for media He says a precedent is now set for other saboteurs to kill free expression
CNN  -- The look of total surprise on her face said it all . Alia Atkinson went into the final of the 100m breaststroke at the world short course swimming championships very much as the second favorite to Olympic champion Ruta Meilutyte of Lithuania . But in a big upset the 25-year-old from Jamaica snatched victory on the final stroke from Meilutyte and with it made swimming history . Not only had she equaled Meiluyte 's world best but also became the first swimmer black woman to claim a world title in the pool . "  I realized I was catching up so I was just trying to get a good finish , " she told the official FINA website . "  I 'm not used to seeing my name up in number one so it was kind of a shock , but a good one ! " 17-year-old Meilutyte , who trains in England , had led going down the final length of the 25-meter pool , looking set to complete the 50-100m double , until Atkinson 's late charge . The winning time of one minute 2.36 seconds left Atkinson 0.1 seconds ahead of her great rival , who claimed gold over 100m at the London Olympics . Atkinson , who was fourth in that final , has been steadily improving since claiming gold for Texas A&M at the 2010 NCAA championships . It was also Jamaica 's first ever gold in world swimming championships and Atkinson had come close in the 50m final , losing out to Meilutyte on the touch . The first black woman to hold a world record in the pool was Enith Brigitha of the Netherlands , some 40 years ago . Brigitha also took bronze medals behind two East German winners in both the 100 and 200m freestyle events at the 1976 Montreal Olympics and won four bronze medals in the 1973 and 1975 world championships .	Alia Atkinson of Jamaica wins gold medal at swimming world championships Atkinson takes 100m breaststroke title at short course champs in Doha Equals world record for the distance held by Olympic champion Ruta Meilutyte First black woman swimmer to claim world title
It may have been the most anticipated traffic court date ever . Southern California resident Cecilia Abadie appeared in San Diego traffic court on Thursday for speeding and for wearing Google Glass while driving . It is considered the first time someone has been cited for wearing the face-mounted technology while driving . Commissioner John Blair threw out both charges , stating there was n't enough evidence to prove beyond a reasonable doubt that the Google Glass was turned on at the time . It is only illegal to wear the device while driving if it is operational . Abadie was pulled over in October for speeding by the California Highway Patrol . The officer then cited her for wearing Google Glass under California vehicle code 27602 , which prohibits operating a video-display in front of the driver 's head rest where it can distract the driver . The law was originally drafted to keep people from watching TV while driving . Google Glass is Google 's early version of a head-mounted computer display . A small square monitor sits above the right eye , just out of the normal line of vision . To view information on the display like a map or text message , the wearer must look up . Google Glass defenders claim Glass is safer to use while driving than a smartphone since it can be voice controlled and you only have to glance up to view the Glass display . Many rallied to Abadie 's defense , even starting a #freececilia hashtag on Twitter . When asked to comment on the case , a Google spokesperson sent the following statement to CNN : "  Glass is built to connect you more with the world around you , not distract you from it . As we make clear in our help center , Explorers should always use Glass responsibly and put their safety and the safety of others first . "  It 's early days for Glass and we look forward to hearing feedback from Explorers and others in advance of a wider consumer launch this year . " On Google 's Glass FAQ page , the company warns : "  Most states have passed laws limiting the use of mobile devices while driving any motor vehicle , and most states post those rules on their department of motor vehicles websites . Read up and follow the law ! " "  Anything that distracts you from driving is something that were concerned about , " said CHP Public Affairs Officer Jake Sanchez . While the ruling was a big win for Abadie , a product manager who wears her Glass 12 hours a day  she rested them around her neck while in the courtroom  , it is not a green light for Google Glass wearers to freely wear and use their devices while driving . "  It does n't necessarily answer the question everybody wanted : Is it legal to drive down the road wearing Google Glass while it 's operating ? " said William Concidine of My Traffic Guys . Concidine and his partner , Gabriel Moore , are the traffic ticket attorneys who defended Abadie in court on Thursday . Google Glass wearers in California can still be pulled over and cited for wearing the head-mounted displays while driving . Whether they get a warning or a ticket will be up to the individual officer . Getting a charges dismissed will then be up to individual traffic court judges . "  There is no law that that specifically says Google Glass is illegal . Each officer has to take each case on a case-by-case basis , " said Sanchez . A dismissal in court is not uncommon for traffic violations , and this ruling will not change how CHP officers view distracted driving . "  I do think it leaves it up in the air for Google Glass wearers , " said Concidine . "  They have to wear it with the possibility that they may get a ticket that they 'll have to fight until a legislator takes some sort of action . " Three states have already drafted laws that specifically ban Google Glass while driving : Delaware , West Virginia and New Jersey .	Charges dismissed for woman ticketed for wearing Google Glass while driving A judge rules there was not enough evidence to prove the device was on Some states are pushing for laws that specifically ban the use of Glass while driving Officers in California can still ticket drivers for wearing Google Glass
CNN  The shipper said it was a $ 37 piece of art craft being sent to the United States as a Christmas present . The feds say it was actually a stolen Picasso , missing for more than a decade and worth millions of dollars . The work of art , painted in 1911 by the Cubist master , was recovered when it was shipped from Belgium to the United States in December . It was discovered by U.S. Customs and Border Patrol and seized by Homeland Security Investigations . "  A lost treasure has been found , " said Loretta Lynch , U.S. Attorney for the Eastern District of New York . Lynch filed civil action to gain possession of the painting . It will be returned to the French government , which owns the painting . The work , entitled "  La Coiffeuse "  "  The Hairdresser "  , was discovered missing in 2001 . The French received a loan request and when someone went to get it out of storage at the Centre George Pompidou , the painting was gone . In December , the painting came to the United States . The label said "  Art Craft / 30 E / Joyeux Noel . " Customs officials investigated further and found something worth far more than 30 Euros . Deputy Special Agent in Charge Anthony Scandiffio of the Homeland Security Investigations said : "  The recovery of the La Coiffeuse sends a strong message to thieves that the market to sell stolen antiquities in the United States is drying up . " The news release from Lynch did n't give the name of the person who shipped the painting .	Painting was discovered to be missing in 2001 The shipping notice to the U.S. said it was worth 30 Euros , or $ 37 It will be returned to the government of France
NEW YORK  CNN  -- It 's a good thing Chrisette Michele did n't choke last week when she heard the news she had a No. 1 album on her hands . Chrisette Michele 's album "  Epiphany " debuted at No. 1 earlier in May . "  I was backstage at the David Letterman show on a couch , probably eating grapes , " says the singer-songwriter . "  I always eat grapes before I go on . " The acid and pectin in the fruit help prepare her voice for performing , the 26-year-old goes on to explain . But nothing , she says , could have prepared her for the excitement she 'd feel upon learning her sophomore album , "  Epiphany , " debuted atop the Billboard 200 chart . She had to go chill out at a lakeside ranch for a couple of days to let it all sink in . But this is n't Michele 's first big career moment : She won a Grammy this year in the Best Urban/Alternative Performance category for her single , "  Be OK , " featuring will.i.am . The song first appeared on her soul-tinged 2007 debut album "  I Am , " for which she penned all her own lyrics . This time around , Michele , whose voice has earned her comparisons to Billie Holiday and Jill Scott , relinquished some songwriting duties to R&B singer Ne-Yo . Michele talked to CNN about the experience of sharing pen and paper , the real-life epiphany behind "  Epiphany " and why she likes making mischief . Watch Michele belt out a tune " CNN : Have you had a big epiphany recently ? Michele : I have epiphanies all the time , because I 'm always thinking . I 'm a thinker . I 'm always writing poetry , I 'm always coming to conclusions . The latest epiphany is that I really do n't have to be afraid of anybody . And the reason why it was an epiphany was when I first started , I was so afraid that maybe they wo n't like me . And I was just being myself , I was being really honest . And so I felt that if they did n't like me that would really hurt . But I found out that there 's a lot more lovers out there than I realized , and the world is much smaller than I thought . And so there 's no need to be afraid . CNN : Tell me about the single . Michele : "  Epiphany " is about a girl who 's sitting on her couch and saying "  You know what ? I 'm sick and tired of waiting for these phone calls . I 'm sick and tired of waiting for him to come home . " I think I 'm just about over being his girlfriend . And that 's her epiphany . That 's her a-ha moment . CNN : How does this album demonstrate how you 've progressed as an artist ? Michele : One way is that I did n't write some of the songs . Pride destroyed ! Ego smashed ! Pens , pencils thrown across the room ! It was so tough at first . But then I started working with Ne-Yo . Ne-Yo is the easiest person to talk to , and he made my experiences come to life with his lyrics . I was afraid that if somebody took the pen and the pad that it would suddenly turn into somebody else . But he did a wonderful job of capturing Chrisette Michele and it was a beautiful experience . CNN : Who 's your favorite jazz performer in the world ? Michele : Ella Fitzgerald . But I ca n't narrow it down to just one . I get excited when we talk about jazz . CNN : Which living jazz musician would you like to work with ? Michele : Diana Krall . A female piano player is always pretty cool to me . I went to school , did jazz and there were n't a lot of ladies who sat down and did those jazz things at the keys that she does . CNN : Why do n't you think young people appreciate jazz as much ? Michele : I 'm an advocate of music in schools . It 's important to me that music is in as many schools as possible across this country and across the world . I think that it 's a lost art form because kids are n't as exposed to it as maybe they used to be , or should be . I was exposed heavily to jazz and that 's why I love it . CNN : I hear you 're a bit of a prankster . Michele : When I was in school I used to prank my teachers all the time . But I was really , really nice . I love to make people laugh . And even in those pranks , the teachers would laugh most of the time . CNN : What 's your favorite album of 2009 so far ? Michele : Mine  smiles mischievously  . CNN : Besides yours . Michele : What is in my iPod right now on repeat is John Legend 's "  Evolver . " I ca n't get enough of that record . I also love Adele 's new album . It 's incredible , especially the live side . Those are two that are on my radar .	Chrisette Michele 's album "  Epiphany " debuted at No. 1 earlier in May Michele has earned comparisons to Billie Holiday ; she admires Ella Fitzgerald Singer reluctant to give up songwriting duties , but enjoyed working with Ne-Yo
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Turkey and Iraq signed an agreement Thursday that tightens and streamlines their working relationship in a range of areas , including the volatile issue of border security and the promise of a fruitful trade relationship . Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki , left , welcomes Turkish leader Recep Tayyip Erdogan to Baghdad on Thursday . The signing comes as Turkish Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan begins a two-day visit to Iraq , which Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki called historic . The two signed a joint political declaration on the establishment of a "  high-level strategic cooperation council " between the governments that will help forge a "  long-term strategic partnership " and then spoke to reporters . "  As much as history and mutual interests bring us together , challenges also bring us together as well , " al-Maliki said . Erdogan said , "  Iraq 's future is our future . " "  There is a mutual determination to form a security area in order to eliminate the terrorist threats between the two countries and an economic work area and an energy passage in order to provide better services for the two countries , " he added . The council is to meet once a year under the co-chairmanship of the prime ministers , three times a year at the ministerial level and once every three months by senior-level officials . The effort -- based on what Iraq says is an "  initiative " in March by Iraqi President Jalal Talabani -- will help both countries reach "  bilateral agreements in a speedy and timely manner . " Ministers who head energy , trade , investments , security and water resources will be the council members . Turkey and Iraq have had an awkward relationship in recent months due to issues of border security . Turkey has taken the war against militants from the Kurdistan Workers ' Party , or PKK , into the Kurdish region of northern Iraq , where the PKK has bases . The Turkish military has launched airstrikes against militant targets , and it conducted a weeklong ground offensive this year . The declaration does n't mention the PKK , but it calls for respecting each other 's territories and "  supporting the joint efforts of Iraq and Turkey to prevent the transit of terrorists and illegal arms to and from Iraq and emphasizing the importance of strengthening cooperation between Iraq and Turkey to control their common borders and prevent all kinds of illicit trafficking . " Erdogan , however , discussed the PKK in his remarks . "  When it comes to the terrorism of PKK , we found the support from the Iraqi government headed by Prime Minister -LSB- al - -RSB- Maliki and from the regional government in northern Iraq , " he said , referring to the Kurdistan Regional Government . "  In reality , this terrorist organization is not only an enemy of Turkey but an enemy to Iraq . We do not allow for these kinds of attempts to harm the relations in the region and between the two countries . " The declaration also calls for completing a military framework agreement , concluding a pact on combating terrorism and fostering trade relations in both countries ' defense-related industries . Along with military and border security issues , the relationship also focuses on economics and energy . The declaration calls for the conclusion of "  strategic economic cooperation and integration agreements " between Iraq and Turkey before the end of the year . The plan also calls for cooperation in the areas of tourism , free trade , reconstruction , water resources , agricultural needs , investment , small business development , exchange programs in the banking sector , the promotion of Iraq 's transition to free enterprise and expedition of "  the opening of new border gates between Turkey and Iraq . " For energy , the plan calls for establishing partnerships between the countries "  as well as transporting Iraqi natural resources to the world markets through most viable export routes . " The latter refers to "  upgrading and expanding " the existing capacity of Kirkuk-Yumurtalyk oil pipeline and building "  a pipeline network to transport natural gas from Iraq to international markets via Turkey . " In his remarks , al-Maliki noted that Iraq 's security strides have paved the way for a "  phase of reconstruction , rebuilding and investment . " "  Since we already have a great relationship with Turkey , we hope that the Turkish companies and investments play a role in supporting the process of rebuilding and reconstruction and come to the Iraqi field to participate in all projects of rebuilding that we decided here in Iraq that we will be in a new phase of revitalization in that field . " Erdogan is the second leader of Iraq 's six neighboring countries to visit Baghdad . Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad traveled to Iraq in March . The Turkish prime minister 's visit comes during a relative lull in violence across the capital , but there were a couple of attacks Thursday in Baghdad , an Iraqi Interior Ministry official said . A suicide car bomb exploded near an Iraqi army patrol in western Baghdad , killing two civilians and wounding 11 people , including seven Iraqi soldiers . A roadside bomb targeting traffic police officers in eastern Baghdad killed a civilian and wounded five others , including three police officers . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq and Saad Abedine contributed to this report .	NEW : Turkish prime minister says PKK militants enemy of Turkey , Iraq Leaders sign declaration for "  high-level strategic cooperation council " Declaration focuses on military and border security issues , economics and energy Iraq and Turkey have had awkward relationship due to issue of border security
CNN  -- While Mexico 's drug wars have ravaged some regions and claimed thousands of lives , most of the country 's tourist sites have remained relatively unscathed . A shootout at Mexico City 's international airport may give U.S. travelers further pause about visiting the beautiful , troubled country . On Monday , federal police officers under investigation for drug trafficking opened fire on fellow officers at Benito JuÃ ¡ rez International Airport , killing three , officials said . Americans have visited Mexico more than any other foreign country for more than two decades : 16 million Americans in 1990 and 20 million in 2010 , according to the Department of Commerce 's Office of Travel and Tourism Industries . As drug violence has escalated over the past few years , travel agents have tried to reassure U.S. citizens that it 's still safe to visit Mexico 's famous beaches , artist colonies and archaeological sites . Aside from the February robbery of a bus carrying Carnival Cruise ship guests during a shore excursion , that has mostly been true . Casting ballots on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border "  I 've always advised people to be careful in Mexico City , and I 've tried to avoid transferring planes there " because of the hassle and bad connections , said travel agent Marianne Braly . "  I 'd rather put them on a nonstop or an American carrier transferring  to Cancun  in Houston or Dallas . I will continue to avoid the Mexico City airport , for an additional reason . ... Now it 's possibly unsafe . " Mexico on the rise Travelers would n't fly through the Mexico City airport to get to popular locations such as Cabo San Lucas , Mazatlan or Puerto Vallarta , said Braly , owner of Now Voyager Travel in Huntington Beach , California . "  My personal experience is that every place I send people in Mexico , there 's never been a problem . " Journey Mexico founder and owner Zachary Rabinor has gotten a few concerned calls but no cancellations since Monday 's shooting . "  It 's hard to tell people not to be concerned about this type of thing , but I think  the Mexico City airport  would be more safe now than it has been in the past , " Rabinor said . "  There 's no need to cancel . " Despite bad press and travel warnings , Mexico tourism holds its own Most AAA customers visiting Mexico tend to travel to popular destinations such as Cancun , Cozumel and the Rivera Maya , according to AAA spokeswoman Cyndie Brough . "  Most of our customers do n't fly through or to Mexico City , " she said . "  It 's more of a business destination for a lot of U.S. businesspeople . " A travel agent can help you keep on top of breaking news and make any changes to your travel plans , Brough said . She also suggests checking U.S. Department of State warnings and registering with the federal agency 's Smart Traveler Enrollment Program when you travel abroad . That way , the U.S. government knows where you are in an emergency . And remember to carry local U.S. Embassy or consulate contact information with you . Mexico 's presidential candidates vow a different kind of drug war More than 47,500 people have died in drug-related violence throughout Mexico since December 2006 , when President Felipe Calderon announced plans to deploy troops in efforts to combat drug cartels . Yet murder rates in Mexico City are half the national rate of 18 per 100,000 residents and are lower than homicide rates in U.S. cities like New Orleans and Washington . The suffering in the country of her birth saddens Viridiana Abernethy , who married a U.S. citizen a few years ago and lives in Arlington , Texas . "  Mexico is such a beautiful country with a lot of nice places , and people are fantastic , " Abernethy wrote in an email . "  It saddens me that many of the good people are suffering the loss of their jobs because tourists wo n't visit their cities . I know it 's frightening , but we ca n't live in hiding and submit to fear . " Would you still travel to Mexico ? Do you travel to other places where your safety might be at risk ? If so , what do you do to protect yourself ?	A shootout Monday at Mexico City 's international airport left three dead Many tourists already bypass the airport as they head to resort destinations Despite violence , many areas of Mexico are still safe , travel agents say
Washington  CNN  -- A state law mandating "  humane treatment " of downed livestock headed for the slaughterhouse was viewed with a good measure of concern by the Supreme Court on Wednesday . At issue is whether federal regulations dealing with inspection of domesticated animals about to be killed , processed and sold for human consumption preempt -- or nullify -- California Penal Code 599f . Several justices noted the good intentions behind the state action , but a majority of the bench expressed concern that it may have gone too far into the traditional federal arena . "  So when the federal law says you can " sometimes sell the meat of downed animals , Chief Justice John Roberts said , "  that preempts the rule from the states that says you ca n't . " The state law became effective in 2009 , following shocking undercover video released by the Humane Society . Slaughterhouse workers in San Bernardino County outside Los Angeles were shown dragging , prodding and bulldozing weak , "  non-ambulatory " cows into slaughter pens . Water from hoses was used on some cattle lying on their sides , to force them to their feet . Penal Code 599f would require meat processors to immediately remove downed animals and "  humanely " euthanize them . And the sale , purchase or shipment of such animals would be criminally prohibited . The long-standing Federal Meat Inspection Act also requires animals lying down to be removed but gives discretion to federal inspectors to determine whether the livestock can recover sufficiently and become fit for slaughter and human consumption . That law expressly prohibits any state regulation "  in addition to or different from " the federal requirements . It includes cattle , pigs , sheep and goats . The Supreme Court has long ruled that interstate commerce is under federal jurisdiction , trumping any state efforts to regulate it . The current case was brought by a meat trade group on behalf of pig farmers in California . The Obama administration is siding with pork producers , a move criticized by a number of animal rights groups . A federal appeals court in San Francisco had ruled in favor of the state law , labeling as "  hogwash " an earlier judge 's decision that favored the industry . That appeals panel concluded that "  California 's prohibition of the slaughter of nonambulatory animals does not duplicate federal procedures ; it withdraws from slaughter animals that are unable to walk to their death . This prohibition does not require any additional or different inspections than does the FMIA , " the Federal Meat Inspection Act . The law 's enforcement has been put on hold pending the Supreme Court 's resolution of the dispute . During the high court argument , attorney Steven Wells -- representing the National Meat Association -- said , "  A slaughterhouse worker who is on the premises needs to have one set of rules that the worker follows so that the worker knows that if he follows the advice of a federal inspector ... the slaughterhouse worker wo n't go to jail " by potentially violating the state law . "  And that was critical to Congress that we have this uniformity . " Several members of the court wondered whether the state could regulate some key aspects of the pre-slaughter process . "  Is n't it the case that most nonambulatory animals become nonambulatory because of the method of transportation that 's used ? " said Justice Samuel Alito , citing statistics in one legal brief that hundreds of thousands of swine die annually or become too weak to stand during shipment from the farm to the slaughter pens . "  If the state could inspect the trucks at a weigh station before they get to the slaughterhouse , why ca n't they do the same thing when they get to the slaughterhouse , where it 's more practical to do that ? " he asked . Pork producers in their legal brief estimated that about 3 % of swine are nonambulatory when they arrive at the slaughterhouse . Most of the downed beasts , they say , are merely overheated , fatigued or stubborn , and most are soon back on their feet . Animal rights activists challenge that assertion . But tougher questions were directed at the lawyer for the state 's attorney general . "  The federal law does not require me immediately to go over and euthanize the cow , " Justice Stephen Breyer said . "  Your law does require me to go over and immediately euthanize the cow . And therefore , your law seems an additional requirement in respect to the operations of a federally inspected meatpacking facility . " Justice Sonia Sotomayor said federal regulations are uniquely necessary . "  If there is a valid purpose to the pre-mortem -LSB- federal -RSB- inspection -- and I ca n't see how you can argue otherwise -- that there may be some diseases that are so contagious that the entire lot , ambulatory or nonambulatory swine , are affected , then I do n't see how you can argue that you are n't trenching on the scope of the -LSB- federal -RSB- statute " with a separate state law . State lawyer Susan Smith said California could exclude certain animals covered under federal regulations , thereby making state regulation permissible . Such exceptions have been created in the past for horses , which can no longer be sold as meat for human use . Smith also suggested the state could conduct parallel testing of certain animals for disease . Justice Elena Kagan posed a hypothetical : California wants to test for a certain type of disease in pigs , since state officials believe federal officials are not doing a through screening . "  But that in fact requires a parallel inspection system . It 's trying to do the exact same thing that the -LSB- federal agriculture -RSB- secretary is trying to do , which is trying to remove animals with a certain kind of disease , and it requires an inspection system of its own , " Kagan said . "  And then I think that the cases seem similar to make " regarding the current fight . The meat industry says being forced to immediately euthanize all nonambulatory animals would hurt its ability to detect and fight one particularly virulent disease : foot-and-mouth , which is highly contagious . The industry says federal inspection is preferred , since pre-slaughter inspections of sick animals are required . State law would mandate immediate killing and disposal of the lying-down livestock . The state counters that the two laws are compatible , allowing local conditions to be addressed and ensuring that moral and humane conditions are part of meat processing rules . The case is National Meat Association v. Harris  10-224  . A ruling is due in a few months .	California law says downed livestock headed for slaughter must be removed , euthanized But federal law lets inspectors determine if livestock can recover , be fit for consumption Justices express concern that state law may go too far into federal arena Case was brought by a meat trade group on behalf of pig farmers in California
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- It was an image that got the nation talking : Two giggling young women in oversized sunglasses robbing a bank . The "  Barbie Bandits " helped their hometown earn the dubious distinction as the nation 's bank robbery capital . Here one of the so-called "  Barbie Bandits " is captured on surveillance video at a surburban Atlanta bank . Atlanta 's FBI field division topped Los Angeles in reporting the most bank heists , with 350 for the 12 months ending September 30 , 2007 , according to the FBI , which annually names areas most prone to bank robberies . The Los Angeles area was No. 2 with 338 heists , followed by Philadelphia with 316 . Just Thursday , two suspects overpowered a security guard at an Atlanta , Georgia , bank , took his gun , robbed the bank and fled with money in hand , police said . Eventually , police shot one of the suspects in an exchange of gunfire . Two more armed bank robberies took place in metro Atlanta Friday . The FBI says violent crime is up across the nation , especially in major metro areas like Atlanta . So it 's no surprise Atlanta has become a prime target for bank robberies , FBI spokesman Stephen Emmett told CNN . Watch Hotlanta or Heistlanta ? " "  This goes hand in hand with those figures , " Emmett said . Atlanta 's rapid growth over the last decade has also been a factor . A recent Atlanta Business Chronicle article reported that metro Atlanta has 26 more banks than in all of North Carolina -- roughly one bank for every 3,500 people in the region . See photos of bank heists in metro Atlanta " "  We would attribute a lot of that -LSB- bank robberies -RSB- to the growth and the fact that the banking industry has matched that growth with an increase in bank branches throughout the area , " Emmett said . Atlanta 's rise in bank heists comes just as Los Angeles has aggressively countered once out-of-control bank robberies . Los Angeles has gone from more than 500 bank robberies in the mid-2000s to this year 's 338 , the FBI stats show . According to the FBI , its Atlanta field division reported 350 bank robberies in the last year -- the most notorious of which were the "  Barbie Bandits " and "  Grandpa Bandit " robberies . The FBI says 122 of the heists were armed robberies , or robberies where a weapon was visibly used . Emmett said many more of the robberies were what law enforcement officers classify as "  note jobs " -- where a robber gestures as if he or she has a gun on them in a demand note handed over to the teller . Also factored into the total number of robberies were ATM heists and a record nine armored car robberies . Those armored car robberies are particularly disturbing to Emmett . "  Anyone that would confront an armored car courier knowing that he 's already armed and in somewhat of a defensive posture , that mindset is very troubling for law enforcement , " he said . While Emmett said there is no "  typical " bank robber , he said he has seen some trends , most notably that they are often people battling drug addictions . He also said bank robbers are often repeat offenders . Two recent high-profile cases in Atlanta seem to confirm that . Two women dubbed the "  Barbie Bandits " were arrested after working with a bank employee to rob a Bank of America in the Atlanta suburb of Acworth . They both later admitted to police to having drug addiction problems . Recently apprehended 69-year-old Bobby Joe Phillips , dubbed the "  Grandpa Bandit , " is suspected to have robbed seven banks in Tennessee and the Atlanta area and had a criminal history . Emmett says typically very little money is taken in a bank heist . Joe Brannen , president of the Georgia Bankers Association , agrees , saying "  the average is $ 2,000 to $ 3,000 . It 's not as big a payoff as most people think it is . " With the holidays in full swing , authorities are steeling themselves for a spate of bank robberies with robbers looking for quick holiday cash . "  I would make the assumption that a large part of it is the increased -LSB- financial -RSB- pressures this time of year , " said Brannen . The FBI advises banks to be extra vigilant this time of year and to keep a close eye on jittery individuals donning gloves , hats and sunglasses . But Brannen says profiling people like that can be problematic . "  We 've chosen not to go there . Here in Atlanta , lots of people wear head coverings for religious purposes . This is a free and open society , " he said . He said customers want to come into a bank unimpeded -- that 99.9 percent are just customers , not bank robbers . Brannen says banks do all they can to balance convenience for their customers and the bank 's need for security . "  There is no good , magic solution . " he says . Emmett said as long as metro Atlanta continues to grow , so will the number of bank robberies . "  This is something that is part of growth . We have more banks . We have more people . We 're a big city now . " E-mail to a friend CNN 's Rusty Dornin contributed to this report .	Atlanta surpasses LA , Philadelphia as city with most bank heists FBI says it 's the result of rising violent crime and increased number of banks FBI : Expect more bank robberies around holidays Bank official says most robbers get away with just $ 2,000 to $ 3,000
CNN  -- Stefan Kiessling grabbed a hat-trick as Bayer Leverkusen reclaimed top spot in the Bundesliga with a 4-0 home victory over Stuttgart on Sunday . The convincing win lifted them three points clear of Werder Bremen , who had taken over at the summit on goal difference with a 2-2 draw with defending champions VfL Wolfsburg on Saturday . But undefeated Leverkusen made no mistake with the Bundesliga top scorer Kiessling leading the way for Jupp Heynckes ' men after 22 minutes . Tony Kroos ' free-kick found Sami Hyypia , who headed into the path of Kiessling and he volleyed home from close range . Kroos hit the post in the 32nd minute then made the second goal seven minutes later with a diagonal pass to Eren Derdiyok , who headed past Jens Lehmann from eight meters . Stuttgart , under Markus Babbel , won in the Champions League at Rangers in midweek , but are without a Bundesliga win in sixth games , and showed few signs they could mount a second half recovery . Roberto Hilbert shot into the side-netting for the visitors , but Kiessling put the game out of reach on the hour mark , fastening onto another assist from the excellent Kroos to score the third . He sealed his hat-trick in the 87th minute from the penalty spot after Lehmann had pulled down Derdiyok . Later on Sunday , Bayern Munich eased a little of the pressure on coach Louis van Gaal with a 3-0 win over Hannover to move to fourth in the Bundesliga . Thomas Muller put Bayern ahead in the 19th minute and Croatian Ivica Olic added the second two minutes after the break . A Mario Gomez strike in the 90th minute sealed the victory after van Gaal had been reportedly told by the club 's director of sport Christian Nerlinger that he must win the final four games of 2009 to keep hold of his job .	Unbeaten Bayer Leverkusen beat Stuttgart 4-0 in Bundesliga Stefan Kiessling scores a hat-trick as Leverkusen to top again in Germany NEW : Bayern Munich beat Hannover 3-0 in Sunday 's late game to go fourth
EW.com  -- Apparently the Truffula Valley is a much better training ground for the box office than Mars , as "  Dr. Seuss ' The Lorax " had no trouble fending off Disney 's expensive new sci-fi arrival "  John Carter . " Universal 's "  The Lorax " dropped a relatively mild 44 percent for $ 39.1 million in its second weekend -- a drop that virtually replicates the second-weekend decline of 45 percent for 2008â $ ² s "  Dr. Seuss ' Horton Hears a Who ! " Today "  The Lorax " will pass "  The Vow " to become the year 's top grosser , finishing the weekend with a cumulative tally of nearly $ 122 million in just 10 days . But the real story here , of course , is "  John Carter , " which Disney infamously spent $ 250 million to produce . With that kind of price tag , "  Carter " really needed to open to $ 50 million at a bare minimum . Other films that reportedly cost around $ 250 million include "  Spider-Man 3 , " "  Harry Potter and the Half-Blood Prince , " "  Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , " and "  Avatar , " and those four movies debuted to an average of $ 99 million . "  John Carter , " on the other hand , collected an estimated $ 30.6 million this weekend . That 's slightly better than the $ 25 million or so that most in the industry were predicting , and would represent a solid start for many films . But it 's a dismal showing for such a costly project . Both the movie and its marketing campaign are to blame for the soft opening . The film , which garnered mixed reviews and marked the first live-action undertaking for Pixar 's Andrew Stanton  "  Finding Nemo , " "  WALL-E "  , is based on Tarzan author Edgar Rice Burroughs ' 1917 book "  A Princess of Mars . " That book was the first in a series of Barsoom sci-fi novels that later influenced films such as "  Star Wars " and "  Avatar . " However , since the general public is not overly familiar with the Barsoom works , "  John Carter " appeared derivative of the very things it inspired . Also not helping the movie out was its cast , headed by an unproven Taylor Kitsch  "  Friday Night Lights "  . True , "  Avatar " featured the similarly untested Sam Worthington , but James Cameron 's name is as big as any movie star , and he at least surrounded Worthington with some familiar faces like Sigourney Weaver and Michelle Rodriguez . The most familiar face in "  John Carter " was ... Mark Strong ? But it 's really Disney 's marketing that performed a disservice to the movie . For months , "  John Carter " suffered from muddled ads and trailers , none more misjudged than its Super Bowl commercial , which wrongly assumed audiences were so familiar with the "  John Carter " brand that simply seeing the movie 's title would excite them . Also hurting matters was the generic title , which Disney shortened from "  John Carter of Mars " with the reported belief that "  of Mars " would turn off female moviegoers . But Mars is the project 's major selling point . Without it , the movie became a sphinx to the general public . Who is John Carter ? Where is he ? Why can he leap great distances ? I understand the desire to not reveal too much of a film 's story , but these are basic questions that were n't answered by Disney 's advertising until right before "  John Carter 's " release . By then , it was too late . The film tilted toward men , whom Disney says comprised 63 percent of the audience . It also skewed a bit older than one might expect a PG-13 sci-fi adventure would , with 59 percent of the audience over age 25 . Showings in 3-D represented 64 percent of the movie 's gross . And audiences generally liked "  John Carter , " with CinemaScore participants giving it a "  B + " rating . One CinemaScore finding is particularly worth noting : Only 8 percent of those polled said Taylor Kitsch was their reason for buying a ticket . Compare that number to 72 percent for "  Safe House " star Denzel Washington . The week 's two other new releases , "  Silent House " and "  A Thousand Words , " did n't make much of an impression . "  Silent House , " an R-rated shot-in-one-take horror flick starring Elizabeth Olsen , debuted to a quiet $ 7 million and virtually tied "  Act of Valor " for fourth place . What it will be remembered for most , though , is its "  F " CinemaScore rating . "  Silent House " becomes the second film branded with the dreaded grade this year , joining "  The Devil Inside " -- a CinemaScore "  F " now seems specifically reserved for horror films with unsatisfying endings . "  A Thousand Words , " which opened in sixth place with $ 6.4 million , was another misfire for star Eddie Murphy . The $ 40 million comedy was shot in 2008 and intended for a 2009 release , but was held up for three years when DreamWorks split from Paramount . Now , it has the distinction of joining Murphy 's other recent flops : 2008â $ ² s "  Meet Dave " and 2009â $ ² s "  Imagine That , " which debuted to $ 5.3 million and $ 5.5 million , respectively . Among holdovers , the R-rated teen party flick "  Project X " fared surprisingly well , slipping only 45 percent for $ 11.6 million . That duplicates the trajectory of "  Chronicle , " another "  found-footage " film starring teenagers , which dropped 45 percent its second weekend . And "  Act of Valor " fell 48 percent for $ 7 million in its third weekend , pushing its total gross to $ 56.1 million . In limited release , the R-rated ensemble comedy "  Friends With Kids , " starring Adam Scott , Jennifer Westfeldt , Megan Fox , and a quarter of "  Bridesmaids " alums  Kristen Wiig , Maya Rudolph , Jon Hamm , and Chris O'Dowd  , had a so-so debut with $ 2.2 million from 374 theaters . That equates to a per-location average of $ 5,799 . The Ewan McGregor-Emily Blunt romantic dramedy "  Salmon Fishing in the Yemen " reeled in $ 240,000 at 18 theaters , while the Oscar-nominated Israeli drama "  Footnote " took in $ 48,100 at two locations . 1 . "  Dr. Seuss ' The Lorax " -- $ 39.1 mil 2 . "  John Carter " -- $ 30.6 mil 3 . "  Project X " -- $ 11.6 mil 4 . "  Silent House " -- $ 7.0 mil 4 . "  Act of Valor " -- $ 7.0 mil 6 . "  A Thousand Words " -- $ 6.4 mil See the full article at EW.com CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Universal 's "  The Lorax " dropped a relatively mild 44 percent for $ 39.1 million "  John Carter " collected an estimated $ 30.6 million this weekend Silent House , " an R-rated shot-in-one-take horror flick , debuted to a quiet $ 7 million
Washington  CNN  -- More than 30 years after it was stolen from a French museum , an impressionist painting is on its way home . Camille Pissarro 's "  Le Marche aux Poissons "  "  The Fish Market " in English  was handed over to the French ambassador by U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement on Wednesday . "  I love days like this because they are all about the triumph of right over wrong , " said ICE Director John Morton before signing the document to return the art . The roughly greeting-card-size work was stolen from the Faure Museum in Aix-les-Bains in southeastern France in 1981 . A museum guard told authorities she saw a man walk out with the work hidden under his jacket . The piece is a color monotype , a one-of-a-kind print made by painting on glass and then transferring the wet paint to a piece of paper . Pissarro painted 24 monotypes and only 12 of them were colored , according to the French ambassador , Francois Delattre . "  Today is a great day " he said . "  This thriller has a happy ending " This Pissarro was sold to a gallery in San Antonio , Texas , in 1985 , where it was bought by a gallery employee , according to ICE investigators . In 2003 , they said , she tried to sell it at a New York auction house , where it was expected to bring $ 60,000 to $ 80,000 . It was recognized as stolen art and , after years of legal battling , was forfeited to ICE in November of 2011 . Wednesday 's return was staged in a hall of a Washington museum filled with other French impressionist works , including some by artists who were inspired by Pissarro . " ` Le Marche aux Poissons ' will once again be seen by the public , " Delattre said . He called its return "  a gift to all future visitors . " The customs bureau said that since 2007 it has returned more than 2,500 items to more than 22 countries . The man who authorities think walked out of the French museum with the Pissarro has never been prosecuted for the theft .	Camille Pissarro 's "  Le Marche aux Poissons " is given to the French ambassador It was stolen from Faure Museum in Aix-les-Bains in southeastern France in 1981 It was sold to a Texas gallery , but was n't identified as stolen until it wanted to auction it
Entertainment Weekly  -- Over the last decade , Steven Soderbergh has taken the "  one for them , one for me " concept of film-director politics to an almost comically programmatic extreme . Benicio Del Toro plays Ernesto "  Che " Guevara in Steven Soderbergh 's biopic . Basically , he makes big-budget crowd-pleasers like the "  Ocean 's " films , stuffed with movie stars and candied gimcrack fun , and between them he makes whatever oddball labor-of-love doodle  the enticing "  Bubble , " the dreadful "  Solaris "  enters his head . What 's disorienting about "  Che , " his two-part , four-hour-and-17-minute , studiously eccentric drama about the revolutionary life and times of Ernesto "  Che " Guevara , is that it 's almost a knowing brainteaser on Soderbergh 's part to force you to figure out which category the film belongs to . Che cost a reported $ 65 million to make , it 's full of exacting panoramas of strategy and combat set in the mountainous jungles of Cuba and Bolivia , and its hero is a figure who -- 41 years after his violent death -- remains so loved , hated , and mythologized that he fits into an epic drama timed for awards season as perfectly as Gandhi or Ray Charles ever did . Following a one-week Oscar-qualifying run , "  Che " is now rolling out to major American cities , where it is likely to draw generations of filmgoers who 've either worn Che on their T-shirts or have the honest curiosity to wonder : Who was this man before he became a Warhol-worthy icon of radical chic ? In "  Che , " Soderbergh stokes that curiosity , feeds it , and frustrates it , all at the same time . He 's made a film that embraces the romance of revolution only to shake it off , leaving very little in its place . The first half of "  Che " is a genuine achievement . It picks up Guevara  Benicio Del Toro  in 1955 , when he was a clean-cut Argentine physician who dreamed of uniting Latin America through armed struggle . At a dinner party in Mexico City , he meets Fidel Castro -- played , with perfect domineering gesticulations , by Demian Bichir -- and the movie follows these two into the Cuban countryside , where they assemble the nuts and bolts of a revolution . Soderbergh exhibits a tinkerer 's fascination with how it all worked , embedding each scene with a docu-nugget of information . We see Che taming his asthmatic coughing fits or reading books between battles , and learn how a battalion of rebels could defeat a platoon three times its size  with surprise , daring , and Molotov cocktails  . Che is by turns scholar , guidance counselor , drill sergeant , and comandante , and Del Toro makes him a warrior-saint who learns , against his will , to cultivate a gruff bruiser facade . He yearns to be a "  true revolutionary , the highest level of humanity , " and it 's no insult to the film to say that Soderbergh and Del Toro succeed in portraying Che as a kind of T-shirt in three dimensions , a Guerrilla for All Seasons . But that 's when things get strange , if not monumentally perverse . At the end of Part I -- the victory of the Cuban rebels -- my appetite was whetted to learn even more about Che , in particular how his humane ideals were tested , and compromised , by the Castro regime as it edged toward dictatorship . Instead , Part II leaps forward to 1966-67 , when Che led the revolutionary war in Bolivia , and here 's the thing : It turns out to be the same damn movie . Only in this dispirited rerun , the revolution does n't take . The rebels , all squabbling ego , can barely summon the will to sacrifice and die , and the peasants have little belief that this ragtag crew is bringing a better world . Even with the U.S. poking its nose into the region , the Soviet Union wo n't back an insurrection . Soderbergh has built "  Che " conceptually , as two giant panels of war , and his message is about the doomed destiny of Marxism . Che , like Marx , believed that the rise of the proletariat was inevitable -- the unstoppable tide of history -- but as the movie reveals , he was wrong . Che did n't ride a wave of history ; instead , it crashed down on him . By remaining the same , he becomes , in Part II , a distant and deluded figure whose dream evaporates around him . As political theater , "  Che " moves from faith to impotence , which is certainly a valid reading of Communism in the 20th century . Yet as drama , that makes the second half of the film borderline deadly . Che does n't grow richer , deeper , or reveal any contradictions ; he just gets more abstract -- a symbol of idealism too pure for this world . Che is twice as long as it needs to be , but it is also only half the movie it should have been . EW Grades : Part I : B + , Part II : C CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly Copyright 2009 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Che " has a brilliant first half , but second half is repetitious , says EW Steven Soderbergh 's four-hour film is trying to make a point , but loses steam However , Benicio Del Toro is terrific as famed Marxist revolutionary
Jerusalem  CNN  -- Israel approved construction permits for more than 550 settlement units in East Jerusalem , officials said , escalating tensions with Palestinians amid negotiations . The city council committee Wednesday evening approved issuing the construction permits , which is considered the last stage before building of settlements can start . "  The local planning and building committee had dealt with request of private enterprises to approve building permits for 386 units in Har Homa , 136 units in Neve Yakov and 36 units in Pisgat Zeev for plans approved years ago , " the Jerusalem municipality said in a statement . The areas are considered disputed , with settlements illegal under international law . A member of the municipality council rejected the plans . "  I oppose to this annexation for new buildings , what Israel and the municipality are doing is constructing unilaterally without consultation with anyone , " said Pepe Alola , who also serves as chairman of Meretz party . An Israeli settlement watch group described it as another blow to peace efforts . "  It 's a shameful decision for a government that seeks a solution for a two-state solution would choose to issue so many permits for settlements units in East Jerusalem and the West Bank . This is not the first time ... just another development of making a solution for Jerusalem much more difficult , " said Lior Amihai , deputy director of Peace Now . Palestinian officials said it will sabotage ongoing talks between the two sides . "  Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is deliberately sending a strong message to the United States , Europe and the rest of the world that he has no intention of adhering to international law and the will of the international community , " said Hanan Ashrawi , a member of the Palestinian Executive Committee . In July , U. S. Secretary of State John Kerry engaged Israelis and Palestinians to start a nine-month negotiation process that will lead to a framework on future agreements . As the April deadline nears , efforts have not yielded any agreement . Israel seized Jerusalem in 1967 and later annexed the city unilaterally , a move the international community does not recognize . Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be part of their future state in any final status negotiations . Israel considers Jerusalem its "  eternal and undivided " capital .	Under international law , new settlements in the disputed area are illegal Palestinians want East Jerusalem to be part of their future state Israel considers Jerusalem its capital
Boat after boat , body after body from a capsized South Korean ferry came ashore Sunday morning , a solemn process interrupted by piercing cries and screams from passengers ' kin . The wrenching scene came after four police boats arrived in rapid succession . The first carried four bodies . The second boat had three more , likewise the third and fourth . Each body was taken onto a stretcher on the dock in Jindo , draped in cloth . After an inspection , they were carried along a path guarded by police -- who themselves shed tears -- and past even more outwardly emotional family members . These relatives cried and , in some cases , yelled loudly , clearly overtaken by the moment . Some of those shouts came from inside the identification tent . One man yelled out , "  Wake up ! Wake up , please ! " The arrival of the 13 bodies corresponds with the South Korean coast guard 's announcement , a short time earlier , that the death toll had increased by that number , up to 50 . But few expect it to stop there . While 174 were rescued shortly after the vessel sunk Wednesday , there have been none saved since despite extensive , exhaustive searches by air , from ships and by divers plunging into the frigid waters and ideally inside the now completely submerged ship itself . The number of those unaccounted for stood at 252 early Sunday . Relatives of some of them gathered in Jindo -- the nearest port to the wreckage some 12 miles  20 kilometers  away -- were asked earlier in the weekend to submit DNA samples . Ship 's captain defends evacuation As divers and others scrambled to retrieve yet more bodies , details are trickling in about what happened the day the ferry capsized . Capt. Lee Joon Seok defended his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry , CNN affiliate YTN reported early Saturday . Lee was charged with abandoning his boat , negligence , causing bodily injury , not seeking rescue from other ships and violating "  seamen 's law , " state media reported . He appeared before reporters in handcuffs . "  Mr. Lee is charged with causing the Sewol ship to sink by failing to slow down while sailing the narrow route and making  a  turn excessively , " prosecutor Lee Bong-chang told the semiofficial Yonhap news agency . "  Lee is also charged with failing to do the right thing to guide the passengers to escape and thereby leading to their death or injury . " If convicted , he faces from five years to life in prison . Lee was n't at the helm of the Sewol when it started to sink ; a third mate was at the helm , a prosecutor said . Where was the captain ? The captain was not in the steering room when the accident occurred , according to police and his own account . He was in his cabin . A crew member , described as the third mate and identified only as Park , appeared in handcuffs with Lee . Park is facing charges including negligence and causing injuries leading to deaths , said Yang Joong Jin , a maritime police spokesman . A technician with the surname Cho is also facing the same charges , he said . Lee answered questions as he left a court hearing Saturday . "  The tidal current was strong and water temperature was cold , and there was no rescue boat , " he told reporters , according to CNN affiliate YTN . "  So I had everyone stand by and wait for the rescue boat to arrive . " He said he plotted the ship 's course , and then went to his cabin briefly "  to tend to something . " It was then , he said , the accident happened . The third mate , who was at the helm of the ship when Lee left , said she did not make a sharp turn , but "  the steering turned much more than usual . " The captain was one of at least 174 people rescued soon after the Sewol began to sink , violating an "  internationally recognized rule that a captain must stay on the vessel , " maritime law attorney Jack Hickey said . "  Pretty much every law , rule , regulation and standard throughout the world says that yes , the captain must stay with the ship until all personnel are safely off of the ship , certainly passengers . " More ships , aircraft Hopes of finding the missing alive dimmed further when the entire boat became submerged Friday . Until then , part of the ship 's blue-and-white hull was still poking out of the frigid waters of the Yellow Sea . The coast guard said workers continued to pump air into the hull of the submerged ship , but could not stop its descent . The ferry boat sank 10 meters  33 feet  farther below the surface of the Yellow Sea overnight , Maritime Police told CNN Saturday . South Korean officials said Saturday they are sending in 176 ships , 28 aircraft and 652 divers to take part in the search and rescue efforts .	The death toll climbs to 50 , the South Korean coast guard says 252 people are still missing , in addition to the 174 who were rescued Capt. Lee Joon Seok defends his order to delay the evacuation of his sinking ferry
NEW DELHI , India  CNN  -- The number of dead in devastating floods triggered by torrential rains in India has risen to at least 271 , and about a million people have fled their homes , officials said Monday . An aerial view of a flood-affected area in Bijapur district in North Karnataka , India . At least 192 people have died in the southern state of Karnataka , its disaster-management secretary H.V. Parshwanath told CNN . More than 450,000 people there have been housed in 1,330 relief camps as authorities completed rescue operations in most of the flooded zones in the state , he said . "  The focus is now mainly on relief , " Parshwanath said , adding that rains have now eased in Karnataka . In neighboring Andhra Pradesh , authorities put the death toll at 51 . Some 531,000 people have been evacuated to safety , with more half of them now sheltering in relief camps , said Dinesh Kumar , the commissioner of the state 's disaster-monitoring department . India has deployed the military to help with relief and rescue in Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh . More than a dozen teams of naval divers have been sent to the two flood-hit states , the country 's defense ministry said . Air force planes and helicopters have also been dropping food packets in the submerged regions . The military has been able to rescue 1,336 people so far , it added . Flood waters were now receding in two of the five worst hit districts of Andhra Pradesh , disaster official Kumar said . But floodwaters from a local river might submerge the remaining three , he warned . Flooding also killed at least 25 people in Maharashtra state , officials said . Three others died because of lightning strikes , said S.C. Mohanty , director of Maharashtra 's disaster-management department . About 3,000 people have been displaced because of flooding , he told CNN . Thousands of people die each year in India during seasonal monsoon rains . More than 1,100 had been killed in monsoon-triggered flooding in different parts of the country as of last month , according to the disaster-management division of the federal home ministry .	Death toll from floods in India has now reached 271 Over a million people have been forced to flee their homes Over 450,000 people in southern state of Karnataka housed in 1,330 relief camps
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- Palestinian militants fired a long-range rocket from Gaza into southwestern Israel on Tuesday morning . It was the first such attack into the city of Ashkelon since the two sides declared a cease-fire , the Israeli military said . This aerial view shows the power station and industrial zone of Ashkelon , Israel , in March of 2008 . The missile fired from a Grad rocket launcher did not cause any injuries or damage in the coastal city , said a spokesman for the Israel Defense Forces . Rockets fired from a Grad have a longer range than the crude , home-made Qassams that Palestinian militants in Gaza fire more frequently . Militants have used Grads to strike farther into Israel . Ashkelon lies 12 miles  19 km  north of Gaza . Israel and Hamas , the Islamic militant group that has ruled Gaza since 2007 , declared separate , tentative cease-fires two weeks ago after more than three weeks of fighting in Gaza . Israel launched the attack on Hamas in Gaza on December 27 with the stated aim of ending rocket attacks on southern Israel . More than 1,300 Palestinians died and about 5,400 others were wounded . Thirteen Israelis , including 10 soldiers , were also killed in the fighting . Since the two sides declared a cease-fire on January 21 , militants have sporadically fired rockets into Israel . Israel has responded with air strikes . CNN 's Igor Krotov contributed to this report .	It 's the first attack into Ashkelon since cease-fire two weeks ago Coastal city of Ashkelon is about 12 miles north of Gaza Israeli Defense Forces say missile did n't cause any damage or injuries Palestinians say more than 1,300 died after recent Israeli attacks on Hamas
CNN  -- After a rough night spent wrapped in tablecloths and dozing on floors , stranded showboat passengers walked to safety Sunday from their disabled vessel via a 30-foot plank , a spokeswoman for the company that owns the boat said . By noon Sunday , all 567 passengers and 76 crew members had been escorted off the Showboat Branson Belle , according to Lisa Rau , a spokeswoman for Herschend Family Entertainment . Marine experts onboard the ship Sunday afternoon were focusing on the boat 's propulsion system , including its paddle wheel , as a possible reason the ship ran aground the previous day in a remote area of Missouri 's Table Rock Lake , Rau said . The grounding left all those trapped and forced to spend the night on a boat without any sleeping accommodations . Earlier , the arduous task of reaching the boat 's remote location involved bulldozing vegetation to create a pathway . Gusty winds and freezing temperatures made that and the disembarking process difficult , according to Rau . "  We are moving heaven and earth to get to them , " Rau said earlier Sunday , . The boat left the dock in Branson , Missouri , at 4 p.m. Saturday and ran aground after the captain had problems with the thruster during the cruise , which was scheduled to last two and a half hours . The boat did have heat and electrical power , Rau said , and passengers were provided food and beverages . "  It 's not the best case scenario , but we 're doing everything we can to make sure everybody 's as comfortable as possible , " Rau said earlier . Jim Wellborn , a passenger stranded in the boat , said that they were in the middle of a comedy show when the captain interrupted and told the audience that the boat 's propellers had hit something under water . "  We were almost back to the dock , when we heard a couple of loud noises . The comedian said something funny and we all laughed , " he said . The Showboat Branson Belle is a 750-seat paddle boat with no gambling or alcohol , she said . Its featured "  Showstoppers " performance includes 30 songs , according to the cruise website . All those passengers stranded overnight will get annual passes to the Silver Dollar City theme park in Branson that , like the boat , is owned by Herschend Family Entertainment , along with a full refund for the cruise , said Rau . CNN 's Paul Chambers and Adam Shivers contributed to this report .	NEW : All 576 passengers are now off the boat , having left via a 30-foot plank NEW : Investigators are probing the paddle wheel as a possible cause The boat ran aground in a remote area of Table Rock Lake on Saturday afternoon Gusty winds and freezing temperatures made the disembarking process difficult
Lawmakers in Bahrain have passed tough new laws for "  terrorism acts " ahead of massive protests planned by the opposition next month . The National Assembly , in a session Sunday , approved new penalties for those who commit or incite "  terrorism , " including stripping Bahrainis of citizenship . Legislators also banned any demonstrations in the tiny kingdom 's capital , Manama . The anti-government opposition bloc has called for mass protests on August 14 . According to BNA , Bahrain 's National Institution for Human Rights praised the efforts "  to protect the Kingdom 's gains and future generations and  face  the recent dangerous escalation that aim at pushing the country to unrest and political tension , which is contrary to the Islamic values and international norms , conventions and treaties . " But global human rights activists have denounced what they call appalling human rights abuses by Bahraini authorities , particularly in the past few years . In April , Human Rights Watch said Bahraini security forces had raided homes and arbitrarily detained a number of prominent anti-government protest leaders . Bahrain is an ally of the United States and home to the 5th Fleet , a large U.S. naval presence in the Persian Gulf . Tensions in the kingdom remain high following the 2011 uprising , in which the majority Shiite population protested against the ruling Sunni minority . The protests were spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But the demonstrations failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state , backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates under the banner of the Gulf Cooperation Council .	Legislators ban demonstrations The opposition bloc has called for protests on August 14 New law includes provision for stripping Bahrainis who commit "  terrorism " of citizenship
CNN  -- English golfer Ross Fisher boosted his Ryder Cup hopes by claiming his fourth European Tour title with a two-shot victory from home hope Padraig Harrington at the Irish Open on Sunday . The 29-year-old jumped up to sixth place in the European team standings ahead of October 's clash with the United States as he equaled the tournament record score of 18-under-par 266 in Killarney . Europe captain Colin Montgomerie set that mark nine years ago , but the 47-year-old has not played since finishing 68th at the British Open last month . Fisher had led by three shots at halfway after a 10-under 61 on Friday , but saw that cut to one stroke by compatriot Chris Wood and Italy 's Francesco Molinari after a 71 on Saturday . The world No. 36 started his final round badly with a bogey at the third hole , but bounced back with five birdies and an eagle at the par-five seventh to card 65 . That proved enough to deny three-time major champion Harrington his second title in four years at his home event , despite a flawless 64 including an eagle at the par-five 16th . "  It just feels great to come out on top against such a world-class field , " Fisher told the European Tour website after claiming the $ 650,000 first prize . "  I could hear the roars and knew Padraig was making a charge . I just tried to stay patient and this is what we play for -- we want to give ourselves a chance and I am no different . " Wood held on for a tie for third after a closing 68 which featured six birdies and three bogeys , joining Gonzalo Fernandez-Castano on 270 after the Spaniard shot a flawless 67 . England 's Richard Bland  65  was tied with Australian Richard Green  67  another shot back , while Molinari was eighth on 274 after an erratic 72 containing four birdies , four bogeys and a double . Meanwhile , American Jeff Overton took a three-shot lead into Sunday 's final round of the Greenbrier Classic in West Virginia as he seeks his first PGA Tour title following two runner-up finishes this year . He had been four ahead at the halfway stage , but two early bogeys saw that cut before he bounced back with five birdies in six holes from the 12th for a four-under 66 . His compatriot D.A. Points moved up to second place on 15 under with a superb 61 , while U.S. Ryder Cup player J.B. Holmes went one shot better to be in a four-way tie for fourth on 12 under -- one behind Boo Weekley  67  .	Ross Fisher moves up to sixth in Europe 's Ryder Cup standings with Irish Open victory Englishman shoots six-under 65 to win by two shots from Padraig Harrington Fisher equals the tournament record score of 18-under-par 266 in Killarney Jeff Overton takes three-shot lead into final round of PGA Tour 's Greenbrier Classic
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina  CNN  -- Federal officials said Monday they are probing allegations by a former investigator into the deadliest terrorist attack in Argentine history that he was kidnapped and tortured by men who said they were national intelligence agents . Claudio Lifschitz shows off the scars he says kidnappers carved on his back . Claudio Lifschitz , 43 , said three hooded men threw him into the back of a truck on Friday night and put a plastic bag over his head . They then questioned him on details of the probe into the bombing of the Argentine Jewish Mutual Association  AMIA  building in Buenos Aires on July 18 , 1994 , he said . Eighty-five people died and more than 200 were injured in one of the bloodiest anti-Semitic attacks in the world since World War II . "  The police are investigating -LSB- the alleged kidnapping -RSB- as we speak , " said Miguel Ambrosio , legal secretary in the office of federal Judge Rodolfo Canicoba Corral . "  Once the judge heard the details of the alleged incident , he ordered an investigation to the police via telephone . " Lifschitz said his abductors tortured him while asking about the AMIA investigation . "  I heard the noise of a blowtorch , and that 's when the worst started , and I started to feel a burn on my left arm , and I could smell my hair on my arm burning , " Lifschitz told CNN . "  Then I felt them slicing my back with a knife . " Images of Lifschitz taken after the alleged kidnapping showed bloody marks on his back where the letters ` AMIA ' had been scratched . The assailants also carved numbers into his arm ; the significance of the digits is unclear . Lifschitz said he was released a few hours after being abducted . He was treated for injuries in a hospital . "  They told me that I would n't die unless they wanted me to , " he said Sunday . Lifschitz , who has also worked as a lawyer for Argentine Federal Police , is the former legal secretary for Judge Juan Jose Galeano , who headed the investigation into local connections to the AMIA bombing until he was removed from the case . Lifschitz has testified that Galeano mishandled the investigation , including allegedly making a $ 400,000 bribe to a key witness . Galeano was taken off the AMIA investigation in 2003 and was removed from his position as a judge in 2005 . The investigation in the AMIA bombing has dragged on for nearly 15 years , with no indictments and a series of accusations of cover-ups and corruption . Argentina , Israel and the United States have blamed the Mideast-based Hezbollah terrorist organization for the attack . In March 2007 , Interpol issued arrest warrants for five Iranian officials and a Lebanese national in connection with the bombing . Tehran has repeatedly denied any involvement . Former Argentine President Carlos Menem also has been investigated to see whether he was involved in a cover-up . Menem appeared in federal court Monday on an issue related to the AMIA attack investigation but declined to testify . He did submit a written statement denying that he had any involvement in a cover-up . Lifschitz said his alleged abductors were interested in the possible Iranian connection . "  They started to ask about information about the SIDE  State Intelligence Secretariat  related to the AMIA attack , " Lifschitz told CNN . "  And then they asked me about cassettes of conversations between the Iranians . That shows that the SIDE does n't deny that they had intercepted some phone lines with the help of some judges . "  They were afraid that I had copies of these tapes and I would present them to a judge , but I told them that I do n't have any copies of the tapes . " Lifschitz , who said he is a non-practicing Jew , also told CNN the men were interested in his religion . "  I always wear a rosary around my neck , and they grabbed me by the neck and said , ` Why are you wearing this if you 're a Jew ? ' " In addition to the AMIA attack , a similar deadly anti-Semitic terrorist attack took place on March 17 , 1992 , when 29 people died and more than 250 were injured in a bombing at the Israeli Embassy in Buenos Aires . No one has been prosecuted in that case . Argentina has one of the world 's largest Jewish populations , estimated around 250,000 . Jewish leaders from around the world called for an investigation into the attack on Lifschitz . "  We trust Argentine authorities will quickly find those who carried out this brutal attack on Mr. Lifschitz , " said David Harris , executive director of the American Jewish Committee . "  This awful incident undermines Argentina 's important progress to bring to justice those responsible for the murderous attack on AMIA 's headquarters . " Earlier this month , an Argentine court ordered the seizure of property owned by a former Iranian diplomat in Buenos Aires sought for his role in the 1994 AMIA attack .	Lawyer says he was tortured by men claiming to be Argentine Intelligence agents Claudio Lifschitz says he was abducted Friday and men scarred his arm and back He says they asked about the 1994 bombing of a Jewish center in Buenos Aires Police are investigating the allegations , a judge 's official says
CNN  -- Ferrari president Luca Di Montezemelo has launched an end of season salvo at F1 supremo Bernie Ecclestone , saying "  the era of the one man show can not continue " if the sport is to move forward . "  We are approaching the time when we need to think about the future , " said Di Montezemolo , who was unhappy about the role Ecclestone played in the controversy surrounding the last race in Brazil where Sebastian Vettel clinched the title from Ferrari No. 1 Fernando Alonso . Ferrari believed Vettel may have made an illegal overtaking move under a yellow flag which , should he have been punished , would have meant Alonso took the title instead . "  Every so often , Bernie likes to play the boss and gets involved in matters that do n't concern him : godfathers no longer exist , at least not in Formula 1 , " Di Montezemolo was quoted on the official Ferrari website . "  Interpretation of flags , be they yellow or blue is nothing to do with him and he used expressions that I do not accept . "  Our behavior in this instance was not only transparent , but perfect and maybe he would do better to think about attracting bigger crowds and more youngsters , and to discuss more with the television stations and the media . " Di Montezemolo conceded that Ecclestone had achieved "  significant things " but that at 82 years of age questions should be asked about his continued stewardship of the sport . "  It 's not a case of replacing Bernie and in fact I do not like doing to others what I would not want to happen to myself . "  The future should be in the hands of a team that will look after all the different areas . "  We are slowly approaching the end of a period characterized by the style of one man who has done significant things . " Ecclestone recently said he would only quit when he felt he was not doing a good job . "  I hope that 's what I can do ; when I feel I ca n't deliver , I will certainly say goodbye , " he was quoted on the official F1 website . Di Montezemolo again reiterated his opposition to the ban on testing during the F1 grand prix season and said he would be putting across his arguments when he meets Ecclestone and FIA president Jean Todt . "  As for testing , it 's getting close to ridiculous , " he said . "  The FIA is not opposed to it , we are not and so what is the reason for it , " he added . He also congratulated Red Bull and Vettel on their double victory in the drivers ' and constructors ' championship . Vettel , who clinched a title hat-trick in Brazil , "  had an amazing car and is a great driver , " said Di Montezemolo . "  If for whatever reason , Alonso was to retire , then I 'd like Vettel , a driver who has his feet on the ground and a great will to win . " Ferrari has been strongly linked with a move for Germany 's Vettel , but will field Alonso and Brazilian Felipe Massa for the 2013 season .	Ferrari chief Luca Di Montezemolo criticizes F1 chief Bernie Ecclestone ` Era of one man show can not continue ' says Di Montezemolo Ferrari unhappy with role Ecclestone played in final race controversy in Brazil Di Montezemolo also hints at move for triple world champion Sebastian Vettel
CNN  -- A tour bus accident in southwest Tibet left at least 44 people dead , China 's state-run news agency Xinhua reported via Twitter Saturday . Xinhua cited a spokesman with the regional government . The bus was involved in a three-vehicle pileup along the National Highway in Nyemo County in Tibet , according to Xinhua . It crashed against a sports utility vehicle and a pickup truck , and then plunged into the valley . Photos showed the wrecked bus resting upside down by a riverbank . Photos also showed emergency personnel and rescue workers carrying passengers from the scene in stretchers . Dozens of pieces of luggage were piled to the side of the retaining wall .	Bus was involved in three-vehicle pileup , Chinese authorities say Crash site was along the National Highway in Tibet
CNN  -- The Libyan government has notified the United States that an employee at the U.S. Consulate in Benghazi , Libya , was killed Tuesday , a State Department official told CNN . The State Department does not have independent confirmation of the death , the official said . The nationality of the worker was not immediately clear . Earlier Tuesday , a group of militants attacked the consulate , State Department spokeswoman Victoria Nuland said . "  We are working with the Libyans now to secure the compound , " Nuland said . "  We condemn in strongest terms this attack on our diplomatic mission . " Members of a radical Islamist group had been protesting at the consulate , a freelance journalist working for CNN in Benghazi said . Protesters storm U.S. Embassy in Cairo	Militants attacked the U.S. consulate in Benghazi , a State Department spokeswoman says State Department official : Libya has notified the United States that a consular employee was killed The State Department does not have independent confirmation of the death
Shenyang , China  CNN  On the streets of the neon-lit Chinese city of Shenyang , you 'll find a restaurant , hotel , and other businesses owned and operated by the North Korean government . You 'll also find a secret network of North Korean hackers , known as Bureau 121 , according to defector Kim Heung-Kwang . "  It 's easy for them to work secretly . It also has great Internet infrastructure , " says Kim Heung-kwang , a former Pyongyang computer science professor who escaped North Korea in 2004 . Kim says some of his own students became cyber warriors for the hacker network . "  By day , they worked regular jobs . But the rest of the time , they were acting on orders from Pyongyang , " he says . RELATED : North Korea pushes back against U.S. sanctions for Sony hack What is ` Bureau 121 ' ? Kim claims North Korean hackers operated secretly in Shenyang for years , moving from location to location to conceal their whereabouts and activities . "  Bureau 121 began its large-scale operation in China in 2005 . It was established in the late 90s , " Kim says . "  Team members entered China separately -- in smaller groups -- 20 members at a time , " he says . "  When they entered China , they came under different titles . For example an office worker , an official with a trade company or even as a diplomatic staffer . " Long before North Korea had its own Internet , it dialed in to servers in Shenyang , in Liaoning Province , in the country 's north . Today , nearly all of North Korea 's Internet traffic is still routed through China . Kim says the operation in China scaled back considerably a few years ago , when North Korea expanded its high speed Internet access . But he believes hackers are still operating in Shenyang . "  North Korea does have illicit activities in China , " says Steve Sin , a terrorism expert at the University of Maryland and former U.S. military intelligence analyst . Sin wrote a report naming the northeastern Chinese city of Shenyang as a North Korean hacker hub . "  It has the location , security , as well as infrastructure , " Sin says . "  Right now , the best information available to us is that they are still conducting such an operation and they can still conduct such an operation from that location . " The North Korean embassy in Beijing , and government officials reached by email in Pyongyang , tell CNN they have no comment on Kim 's claims . For its part , China says it opposes any illegal cyber activity on its territory . Inside Shenyang For a Chinese city , Shenyang has a distinctly North Korean flavor . At the state-owned "  Pyongyang Restaurant , " waitresses told us they came to China on what is considered a prestigious three-year assignment . They say they 're all from the same university in Pyongyang . They serve "  North Korean meals , " in far more substantial portions than the food rations at home . They also sing and entertain customers with popular folks songs like "  Arirang , " considered the "  unofficial anthem " for both North and South Korea . A short drive away is state-owned The Chilbosan hotel , a joint venture between North Korea and China . The women who work in the hotel wear traditional North Korean clothing . There is an art gallery featuring pieces that glorify North Korea , a gift shop with Pyongyang souvenirs , and even a travel office for North Korea 's state-owned national airline "  Air Koryo . " There is also a marketplace -- which caters to Shenyang 's large Korean community . And not far from the government business , there 's a North Korean consulate . As the biggest Chinese city near North Korea , Shenyang is a place where many from Pyongyang come to work . According to Sin , they also come to hack . "  If you are going to conduct illicit activities or covert operations , it 's better to hide among this population , if you will , " Sin says . "  Large , complicated attacks require a certain amount of cyber infrastructure to carry it out . Shenyang , China has that capability . "	Underground network of North Korean hackers are operating in China , defector says They 're based in Shenyang , defector says , near the North Korean border North Korean embassy in Beijing and other government officials declined to comment
A recall election in Colorado has shown that the national debate over guns is just as bitterly contested as ever . Two state senators who voted for stricter gun laws earlier this lost their jobs in a recall election and the outcome is reverberating through the country . State Senate President John Morse of Colorado Springs and his colleague , state Sen. Angela Giron of Pueblo , were faced with a recall after voting for Colorado 's new gun law that imposed universal background checks on gun purchases and limited magazines to 15 rounds . It was the first ever recall in the state . Pro-gun control Democrats ousted in Colorado recall The two local , off-year elections had low turnout . Only 21 percent of registered voters participated in one contest and 35 percent in the other . But the races were watched by political observers and even received a response from the head of the Democratic Party . The elections garnered national spotlight because of the topic that initiated the recall : gun control . After the mass shooting in an Aurora , Colorado , movie theater that killed 12 in July 2012 and the Newtown , Connecticut , massacre five months later that killed 26 people , mostly children , a mobilization formed to enact stricter gun laws . Colorado was the second state after New York to pass a tougher standard . Gun control advocates celebrated the steps as progress . Colorado recall a proxy in national gun control debate "  We 've seen a lot change in the last year , " Dan Gross , president of the Brady Campaign to Stop Gun Violence , said . But gun control opponents have n't been sitting on the sidelines . They launched Colorado 's first ever recall effort . The powerful gun lobby , the National Rifle Association , told CNN that it spent between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 to oust the Democratic lawmakers . The NRA vehemently denied that this was a national effort . "  The genesis was very much a local effort . There were voters who were not happy with the actions of the two senators and they decided to organize a recall election , " NRA spokesperson Andrew Arulanandam said . "  What happened in Colorado was the democratic process working . " Eric Sondermann , a political analyst in Colorado , agreed . He said the recall was more about state politics than the gun vote . Elections "  yin and yang back and forth , " he said , adding the party in power quickly becomes the party people want out of power . Regardless , the NRA and other anti-gun control groups got involved and invested heavily . Both candidates lost despite an August Pew poll that showed Colorado voters disapproved of the recall election two to one . New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg , who has become a major proponent of gun control , also got involved . He contributed $ 350,000 to keep the lawmakers in office . Missouri bill would void federal gun laws While Gross insisted that the vote is not a referendum on gun legislation , he blamed the gun lobby . "  It 's disappointing that two elected officials were undermined by the shadowy maneuvers of the corporate gun lobby and a handful of extremists , " he said . The gun debate expands far beyond Colorado . Missouri 's major gun legislation has seen both victory and defeat . The Republican-led legislature passed a bill that would outlaw the enforcement of federal gun laws , which are more stringent than state laws . The Democratic governor , however , vetoed the bill . Lawmakers might try to override the veto as early as today . Advocates on both sides of the issue said there are no other recall efforts , however . CNN contributor Paul Begala said the Colorado recall has national implications . "  If people wonder why it 's so hard to persuade politicians to take tough stands , they need look no further than Colorado , " he said . It could have national implications . After the mass shootings , President Barack Obama urged Congress to pass more stringent restrictions on gun ownership . But a massive campaign ensued and Congress was unable to pass even the most watered down measure requiring universal background checks . "  The recalls in Colorado do real damage to the cause of passing the president 's gun safety proposals , " Begala added . There are no current plans to revive the issue in Washington .	Two Colorado state senators lost jobs for a vote in favor of gun control National Rifle Association spent $ 400,000 on the recall New York City Mayor Michael Bloomberg invested $ 350,000 Has implications for politicians supporting gun control
Washington  CNN  -- Michigan Democratic Senate hopeful Gary Peters is the target of a Sharknado-inspired cartoon , but supporters say the ad is part of a campaign that "  jumped the shark . " The Michigan Republican Party has a new 30-second spot featuring Peters ' face imposed on top of a Hawaiian shirt-wearing body , running away from a tornado that 's spewing sharks out of the sky around him . One loudly belches up a wad of cash . "  Dark clouds are gathering , and Gary Peters is in the eye of the storm , " the ad 's narrator says . "  Funded by a convicted felon , connected to a loan shark ring , run by an international gangster who also contributed to Peters ' campaign . Gary Peters : Loan Sharknado . Coming soon to a voting booth near you . " The convicted felon connected to a loan sharking ring is Xhafer Laho , who donated $ 6,100 to Peters between 2010 and 2014 , and was recently sentenced to four years in prison . A Peters spokeswoman said the congressman has given back or donated those contributions -- most of them years ago . "  Down in all recent polls and relying on D-list cultural references , Terri Lynn Land 's Senate campaign has officially jumped the shark , " Peters spokeswoman Haley Morris said of the ad . The ad is part of a last-ditch effort by Republicans to turn the race into a competitive one ahead of the Nov. 4 midterm elections . On a map otherwise ripe with GOP pick-up opportunities , the race in Michigan -- which in presidential elections is a key swing state -- has remained outside of Republicans ' grasp . RealClearPolitics ' polling average shows Peters with a nine percentage point advantage over Land , who has struggled with local media and has n't been able to overcome Democrats ' efforts to latch her to the conservative Koch brothers . "  Consider this just the latest in failed gimmicks from Land that do nothing to distract from the fact that she is out of touch with Michigan 's middle class , " Morris said . "  It 's clear Land ca n't defend her Koch-backed agenda that would eliminate a federal minimum wage , but she could spare Michiganders her desperation . "	The Michigan GOP is targeting Democratic Senate hopeful Gary Peters with a ` Sharknado ' - themed ad . The ad focuses on Peters ' campaign contributions from a felon with ties to a loan sharking ring . Peters ' campaign says he 's given back or donated those contributions .
Editor 's note : Eve Ensler is the playwright of "  The Vagina Monologues " and the founder of V-Day , a global movement to end violence against women and girls . V-Day has funded over 10,000 community-based anti-violence programs and launched safe houses in the Democratic Republic of Congo , Haiti , Kenya , South Dakota , Egypt and Iraq . This commentary was adapted from remarks Ensler made Wednesday to the Senate Foreign Relations Subcommittee on African Affairs and the Subcommittee on International Operations and Organizations , Human Rights , Democracy and Global Women 's Issues . Playwright Eve Ensler says conflict in Congo is taking a terrible toll on women and girls . CNN  -- I write today on behalf of countless V-Day activists worldwide , and in solidarity with my many Congolese sisters and brothers who demand justice and an end to rape and war . It is my hope that these words and those of others will break the silence and break open a sea of action to move Congolese women toward peace , safety and freedom . My play , "  The Vagina Monologues , " opened my eyes to the world inside this world . Everywhere I traveled with it scores of women lined up to tell me of their rapes , incest , beatings , mutilations . It was because of this that over 11 years ago we launched V-Day , a worldwide movement to end violence against women and girls . The movement has spread like wildfire to 130 countries , raising $ 70 million . I have visited and revisited the rape mines of the world , from defined war zones like Bosnia , Afghanistan and Haiti to the domestic battlegrounds in colleges and communities throughout North America , Europe and the world . My in-box -- and heart -- have been jammed with stories every hour of every day for over a decade . Nothing I have heard or seen compares with what is going on in the Democratic Republic of Congo , where corporate greed , fueled by capitalist consumption , and the rape of women have merged into a single nightmare . Femicide , the systematic and planned destruction of the female population , is being used as a tactic of war to clear villages , pillage mines and destroy the fabric of Congolese society . In 12 years , there have been 6 million dead men and women in Congo and 1.4 million people displaced . Hundreds and thousands of women and girls have been raped and tortured . Babies as young as 6 months , women as old as 80 , their insides torn apart . What I witnessed in Congo has shattered and changed me forever . I will never be the same . None of us should ever be the same . I think of Beatrice , shot in her vagina , who now has tubes instead of organs . Honorata , raped by gangs as she was tied upside down to a wheel . Noella , who is my heart -- an 8-year-old girl who was held for 2 weeks as groups of grown men raped her over and over . Now she has a fistula , causing her to urinate and defecate on herself . Now she lives in humiliation . I was in Bosnia during the war in 1994 when it was discovered there were rape camps where white women were being raped . Within two years there was adequate intervention . Yet , in Congo , femicide has continued for 12 years . Why ? Is it that coltan , the mineral that keeps our cell phones and computers in play , is more important than Congolese girls ? Is it flat-out racism , the world 's utter indifference and disregard for black people and black women in particular ? Is it simply that the UN and most governments are run by men who have never known what it feels like to be raped ? What is happening in Congo is the most brutal and rampant violence toward women in the world . If it continues to go unchecked , if there continues to be complete impunity , it sets a precedent , it expands the boundaries of what is permissible to do to women 's bodies in the name of exploitation and greed everywhere . It 's cheap warfare . The women in Congo are some of the most resilient women in the world . They need our protection and support . Western governments , like the United States , should fund a training program for female Congolese police officers . They should address our role in plundering minerals and demand that companies trace the routes of these minerals . Make sure they are making and selling rape-free-products . Supply funds for women 's medical and psychological care and seed their economic empowerment . Put pressure on Rwanda , Congo , Uganda and other countries in the Great Lakes region to sit down with all the militias involved in this conflict to find a political solution . Military solutions are no longer an option and will only bring about more rape . Most of all , we must support the women . Because women are at the center of this horror , they must be at the center of the solutions and peace negotiations . Women are the future of Congo . They are its greatest resource . Sadly , we are not the first to testify about these atrocities in Congo . I stand in a line of many who have described this horror . Still , in Eastern Congo , 1,100 women a month are raped , according to the United Nations ' most recent report . What will the United States government , what will all of you reading this , do to stop it ? Let Congo be the place where we ended femicide , the trend that is madly eviscerating this planet -- from the floggings in Pakistan , the new rape laws in Afghanistan , the ongoing rapes in Haiti , Darfur , Zimbabwe , the daily battering , incest , harassing , trafficking , enslaving , genital cutting and honor killing . Let Congo be the place where women were finally cherished and life affirmed , where the humiliation and subjugation ended , where women took their rightful agency over their bodies and land . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Eve Ensler .	Eve Ensler : War in Congo is targeting girls and women She says rape is being used as a weapon , with 1,100 raped each month Western governments , including the U.S. , need to protect Congo 's women , she says
CNN  -- 3.1415926535897932384626433832795028 84197169399375105820974944592307816 40628620899862803482534211706798214 80865132823066470938446095505822317 25359408128481117450284102701938521 10555964462294895493038196442881097 56659334461284756482337867831652712 01909145648566923460348610454326648 21339360726024914127372458700660631 55881748815209209628292540917153643 67892590360011330530548820466521384 14695194151160943305727036575959195 30921861173819326117931051185480744 62379962749567351885752724891227938 18301194912983367336244065664308602 13949463952247371907021798609437027 70539217176293176752384674818467669 40513200056812714526356082778577134 27577896091736371787214684409012249 53430146549585371050792279689258923 54201995611212902196086403441815981 36297747713099605187072113499999983 72978049951059731732816096318595024 45945534690830264252230825334468503 52619311881710100031378387528865875 33208381420617177669147303598253490 42875546873115956286388235378759375 19577818577805321712268066130019278 76611195909216420198938095257201065 48586327886593615338182796823030195 20353018529689957736225994138912497 21775283479131515574857242454150695 95082953311686172785588907509838175 46374649393192550604009277016711390 09848824012858361603563707660104710 18194295559619894676783744944825537 97747268471040475346462080466842590 69491293313677028989152104752162056 96602405803815019351125338243003558 76402474964732639141992726042699227 96782354781636009341721641219924586 31503028618297455570674983850549458 85869269956909272107975093029553211 65344987202755960236480665499119881 83479775356636980742654252786255181 84175746728909777727938000816470600 16145249192173217214772350141441973 56854816136115735255213347574184946 84385233239073941433345477624168625 18983569485562099219222184272550254 25688767179049460165346680498862723 27917860857843838279679766814541009 53883786360950680064225125205117392 98489608412848862694560424196528502 22106611863067442786220391949450471 23713786960956364371917287467764657 57396241389086583264599581339047802 75900994657640789512694683983525957 09825822620522489407726719478268482 60147699090264013639443745530506820 34962524517493996514314298091906592 50937221696461515709858387410597885 95977297549893016175392846813826868 38689427741559918559252459539594310 49972524680845987273644695848653836 73622262609912460805124388439045124 41365497627807977156914359977001296 16089441694868555848406353422072225 82848864815845602850601684273945226 74676788952521385225499546667278239 86456596116354886230577456498035593 63456817432411251507606947945109659 60940252288797108931456691368672287 48940560101503308617928680920874760 91782493858900971490967598526136554 978189312978482168299894872265880485 756401427047755513237964145152374623 436454285844479526586782105114135473 573952311342716610213596953623144295 248493718711014576540359027993440374 200731057853906219838744780847848968 332144571386875194350643021845319104 848100537061468067491927819119793995 206141966342875444064374512371819217 99983910159195618146751426912397489 409071864942319615679452080951465502 252316038819301420937621378559566389 377870830390697920773467221825625996 615014215030680384477345492026054146 659252014974428507325186660021324340 8819071048633173464965145390579626856 100550810665879699816357473638405257 145910289706414011097120628043903975 951567715770042033786993600723055876 317635942187312514712053292819182618 612586732157919841484882916447060957 527069572209175671167229109816909152 801735067127485832228718352093539657 251210835791513698820914442100675103 346711031412671113699086585163983150 197016515116851714376576183515565088 490998985998238734552833163550764791 853589322618548963213293308985706420 467525907091548141654985946163718027 098199430992448895757128289059232332 609729971208443357326548938239119325 974636673058360414281388303203824903 758985243744170291327656180937734440 307074692112019130203303801976211011 004492932151608424448596376698389522 868478312355265821314495768572624334 418930396864262434107732269780280731 891544110104468232527162010526522721 116603966655730925471105578537634668 206531098965269186205647693125705863 566201855810072936065987648611791045 334885034611365768675324944166803962 657978771855608455296541266540853061 434443185867697514566140680070023787 765913440171274947042056223053899456 131407112700040785473326993908145466 464588079727082668306343285878569830 523580893306575740679545716377525420 211495576158140025012622859413021647 155097925923099079654737612551765675 135751782966645477917450112996148903 046399471329621073404375189573596145 890193897131117904297828564750320319 869151402870808599048010941214722131 794764777262241425485454033215718530 614228813758504306332175182979866223 717215916077166925474873898665494945 011465406284336639379003976926567214 638530673609657120918076383271664162 748888007869256029022847210403172118 608204190004229661711963779213375751 149595015660496318629472654736425230 817703675159067350235072835405670403 867435136222247715891504953098444893 330963408780769325993978054193414473 774418426312986080998886874132604721 569516239658645730216315981931951673 538129741677294786724229246543668009 806769282382806899640048243540370141 631496589794092432378969070697794223 625082216889573837986230015937764716 512289357860158816175578297352334460 428151262720373431465319777741603199 066554187639792933441952154134189948 544473456738316249934191318148092777 710386387734317720754565453220777092 120190516609628049092636019759882816 133231666365286193266863360627356763 035447762803504507772355471058595487 027908143562401451718062464362679456 127531813407833033625423278394497538 243720583531147711992606381334677687 969597030983391307710987040859133746 414428227726346594704745878477872019 277152807317679077071572134447306057 007334924369311383504931631284042512 192565179806941135280131470130478164 378851852909285452011658393419656213 491434159562586586557055269049652098 580338507224264829397285847831630577 775606888764462482468579260395352773 480304802900587607582510474709164396 136267604492562742042083208566119062 545433721315359584506877246029016187 667952406163425225771954291629919306 455377991403734043287526288896399587 947572917464263574552540790914513571 113694109119393251910760208252026187 985318877058429725916778131496990090 192116971737278476847268608490033770 242429165130050051683233643503895170 298939223345172201381280696501178440 874519601212285993716231301711444846 409038906449544400619869075485160263 275052983491874078668088183385102283 345085048608250393021332197155184306 354550076682829493041377655279397517 546139539846833936383047461199665385 815384205685338621867252334028308711 232827892125077126294632295639898989 358211674562701021835646220134967151 881909730381198004973407239610368540 664319395097901906996395524530054505 806855019567302292191393391856803449 039820595510022635353619204199474553 859381023439554495977837790237421617 271117236434354394782218185286240851 400666044332588856986705431547069657 474585503323233421073015459405165537 906866273337995851156257843229882737 231989875714159578111963583300594087 306812160287649628674460477464915995 054973742562690104903778198683593814 657412680492564879855614537234786733 039046883834363465537949864192705638 729317487233208376011230299113679386 270894387993620162951541337142489283 072201269014754668476535761647737946 752004907571555278196536213239264061 601363581559074220202031872776052772 190055614842555187925303435139844253 223415762336106425063904975008656271 095359194658975141310348227693062474 353632569160781547818115284366795706 110861533150445212747392454494542368 288606134084148637767009612071512491 404302725386076482363414334623518975 766452164137679690314950191085759844 239198629164219399490723623464684411 739403265918404437805133389452574239 950829659122850855582157250310712570 126683024029295252201187267675622041 542051618416348475651699981161410100 299607838690929160302884002691041407 928862150784245167090870006992821206 604183718065355672525325675328612910 424877618258297651579598470356222629 348600341587229805349896502262917487 882027342092222453398562647669149055 628425039127577102840279980663658254 889264880254566101729670266407655904 290994568150652653053718294127033693 137851786090407086671149655834343476 933857817113864558736781230145876871 266034891390956200993936103102916161 528813843790990423174733639480457593 149314052976347574811935670911013775 172100803155902485309066920376719220 332290943346768514221447737939375170 344366199104033751117354719185504644 902636551281622882446257591633303910 722538374218214088350865739177150968 288747826569959957449066175834413752 239709683408005355984917541738188399 944697486762655165827658483588453142 775687900290951702835297163445621296 404352311760066510124120065975585127 617858382920419748442360800719304576 189323492292796501987518721272675079 812554709589045563579212210333466974 992356302549478024901141952123828153 091140790738602515227429958180724716 259166854513331239480494707911915326 734302824418604142636395480004480026 704962482017928964766975831832713142 517029692348896276684403232609275249 603579964692565049368183609003238092 934595889706953653494060340216654437 558900456328822505452556405644824651 518754711962184439658253375438856909 411303150952617937800297412076651479 394259029896959469955657612186561967 337862362561252163208628692221032748 892186543648022967807057656151446320 469279068212073883778142335628236089 632080682224680122482611771858963814 091839036736722208883215137556003727 983940041529700287830766709444745601 345564172543709069793961225714298946 715435784687886144458123145935719849 225284716050492212424701412147805734 551050080190869960330276347870810817 545011930714122339086639383395294257 869050764310063835198343893415961318 543475464955697810382930971646514384 070070736041123735998434522516105070 270562352660127648483084076118301305 279320542746286540360367453286510570 658748822569815793678976697422057505 968344086973502014102067235850200724 522563265134105592401902742162484391 403599895353945909440704691209140938 700126456001623742880210927645793106 579229552498872758461012648369998922 56959688159205600101655256375679 ... Source : The WolframAlpha computational engine	In honor of Pi Day March 14 , CNN lists 10,000 digits of the number pi The irrational number is commonly used in circle geometry WolframAlpha and the Mathematica program provides the calculation
Celebrity publicist Max Clifford was arrested Thursday by police investigating sex abuse allegations sparked by a scandal involving a now-deceased TV host , British media reports said . Surrounded by media as he left Belgravia Police Station later that night , Clifford said the claims against him are "  very damaging " while insisting they are "  totally untrue . " "  These allegations ... are very distressing for myself , my family and my kids , " said the publicist , who did n't elaborate on the accusations except to say they dated from 1977 . Opinion : BBC in crisis -- What have we learned ? "  Anyone who really knew me those years ago and those who have known me since will have no doubt that I would never act in the way I have today been accused . " His lawyer earlier confirmed that Clifford -- who is famous in Britain for representing celebrities and members of the public willing to sell kiss-and-tell stories -- was questioned by police but did not say what it regarded . "  Max Clifford is being interviewed by police . Mr. Clifford will assist the police as best he can with their inquiries , " said lawyer Charlotte Harris , from the Mishcon de Reya law firm . London 's Metropolitan Police said a man in his 60s was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses Thursday morning in Surrey , outside London , in connection with the inquiry involving late television personality Jimmy Savile . Those arrested under British law can be held in a cell and questioned , after which they may be released or charged with a crime . Read more : TV icon sex-abuse scandal rocks the BBC But the force declined to name the suspect , in line with policy . The police set up Operation Yewtree to investigate a flood of sex abuse allegations made against Savile and others following a documentary run by broadcaster ITV in October , in which several victims came forward . Read more : Jimmy Savile : National treasure in life , reviled ` sex abuser ' in death The investigation has three strands , one involving claims against just Savile , another involving "  Savile and others , " and the third involving only "  others . " A police statement said Thursday 's arrest fell under the category of "  others . " Police believe Savile , who died last October at age 84 , sexually abused as many as 300 young women and girls in past decades . Savile , who hosted popular BBC children 's TV programs including "  Jim 'll Fix It " and "  Top of the Pops , " was a household name in Britain for decades . He was also well-known for his philanthropy , having raised millions of pounds for charity , and was awarded a knighthood . Savile 's targets were apparently mostly girls in their mid-teens in what authorities have described as alleged abuse on an unprecedented scale , some of it conducted on BBC premises .	Max Clifford says the allegations are "  very damaging " and "  totally untrue " The publicist did n't detail the accusations , except to say they dated from 1977 Metropolitan Police say a man in his 60s was arrested on suspicion of sexual offenses A major police inquiry was sparked by a scandal involving late TV host Jimmy Savile
CNN  -- France have slipped to 27th place in the FIFA world rankings , their lowest position since football 's governing body introduced the table in 1993 . The drop reflects a slump in the team 's fortunes on the field , including a disastrous performance at the 2010 World Cup . Les Bleus , world champions in 1998 and finalists in 2006 , were knocked out in the group stage in South Africa without winning a game after a campaign overshadowed by infighting , which led to Nicolas Anelka being sent home following a spat with coach Raymond Domenech . Anelka 's team-mates then went on strike in protest at his expulsion , resulting in bans for the Chelsea striker , captain Patrice Evra , star winger Franck Ribery and midfielder Jeremy Toulalan . Things have n't gone much better under new coach Laurent Blanc , with the French losing their opening 2012 European Championship qualifier to Belarus in Paris before steadying the ship with a 2-0 win over Bosnia Herzegovina . World champions Spain remain top of the FIFA rankings , with beaten finalists the Netherlands in second . Germany are third after moving ahead of five-time World Cup winners Brazil and Argentina are fifth . England have gone up to sixth after impressive wins over Bulgaria and Switzerland in their first two Euro 2012 qualifiers . Elsewhere Montenegro , FIFA 's newest national team , moved into the top 50 for the first time  40th  after winning their first two qualifiers . And Cyprus have surged up 20 places to their highest ranking of 43rd after a shock 4-4 draw with Portugal earlier this month .	France slide six place to lowest-ever 27th in latest FIFA world rankings The French were knocked out of World Cup in group stage and lost first Euro 2012 qualifier Germany have moved up to third and England have moved up to sixth in table
EW.com  -- The final season of "  Mad Men " will be expanded to 14 episodes , but you 'll only get half of it next year . AMC announced today that it will split the seventh season of the Madison Avenue-in-the - '60s drama into two parts , with the first half airing in spring 2014 and the second half debuting in spring 2015 . This programming move mirrors the network 's strategy for doling out the final 16 installments of Breaking Bad . The crime drama unveiled eight episodes in summer 2012 and began rolling out the final eight in August to its highest ratings ever . EW : ` Mad Men ' creator dishes on the season 6 finale "  This approach has worked well for many programs across multiple networks , and , most recently for us with Breaking Bad which attracted nearly double the number of viewers to its second half premiere than had watched any previous episode , " said AMC president Charlie Collier in a statement . "  We are determined to bring Mad Men a similar showcase . In an era where high-end content is savored and analyzed , and catch-up time is used well to drive back to live events , we believe this is the best way to release the now 14 episodes than remain of this iconic series . " EW : ` Mad Men ' full coverage Added series creator/executive producer Matthew Weiner : "  We plan to take advantage of this chance to have a more elaborate story told in two parts , which can resonate a little bit longer in the minds of our audience . The writers , cast and other artists welcome this unique manner of ending this unique experience . " See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	"  Mad Men " will air in spring 2014 and 2015 The same strategy was used by the network for ` Breaking Bad ' Creator promises "  a more elaborate story told in two parts "
CNN  -- When it comes to comedy , the Emmys are making room for "  Girls . " "  Girls , " the polarizing HBO comedy about four twentysomething women finding their way in 21st-century New York , received five nods Thursday when the nominations for the 64th Primetime Emmy Awards were announced . Among the show 's nominations were picks for best comedy series as well as best actress in a comedy for creator and writer Lena Dunham . "  Girls " joined fellow newcomer "  Veep " as well as comedy mainstays "  Modern Family " -- which led all comedy series with 14 nominations -- "  30 Rock "  13 nods  , "  The Big Bang Theory " and "  Curb Your Enthusiasm " among comedy series nominees . "  Family " won the category last year . Several veteran shows were among the nominees for best drama series , including "  Mad Men " -- which has won this category four years running -- "  Boardwalk Empire , " "  Breaking Bad " and "  Game of Thrones . " PBS ' breakout hit "  Downton Abbey , " which was nominated in the miniseries category last year , joined the crew for best drama , as did Showtime 's "  Homeland . " Thanks to the showings of "  Thrones , " "  Girls , " "  Empire " and the movie "  Game Change , " HBO led all networks with 81 nominations . "  Mad Men " and the FX series "  American Horror Story , " which was put in the miniseries category , led all programs with 17 nominations each . "  Downton Abbey " and the History Channel 's "  Hatfields and McCoys " both earned 16 nods . CBS led broadcast networks with 60 nominations . "  Girls " has divided both critics and viewers . Some have dismissed the show for its narrow take on New York and young women , noting the lack of African-American characters , its general hip and upscale settings , and Dunham 's willingness to make her audience squirm as she follows characters into both bedroom and bathroom . The show 's defenders , on the other hand , applaud Dunham for showing her characters in less-than-flattering lights and observe that "  Girls " is n't the first series to take place in a perceived vacuum . Indeed , "  Sex and the City " -- to which Dunham 's show has been compared -- also showed a thin slice of New York through the lives of four women  and much more glamorously , to boot  . The nominations were n't without their perceived snubs . Despite both critical acclaim and a growing audience , Louis C.K. 's FX series "  Louie " did n't make the cut for comedy series , though the comedian-writer-DIY guy did receive a nod for best actor in a comedy . NBC 's "  Parks and Recreation " missed out on best comedy series as well , though star Amy Poehler got a nomination . NBC 's self-referential sitcom "  Community , " a critical darling that was the subject of heated controversy when the show 's creator , Dan Harmon , was forced out as executive producer in May , got just one nomination , for writing . Marquee : The nominees list However , there were also some surprises . Don Cheadle , whose Showtime series "  House of Lies " received an uneven reception upon its January premiere , earned a nomination for best actor in a comedy series . "  Homeland , " about a CIA agent combating terrorism and her own demons , received plenty of attention , picking up nine nominations , including nods for best drama series and stars Claire Danes and Damian Lewis . "  It 's an incredible thrill to be nominated our first year out . When we wrote the pilot , we never imagined that the Television Academy would include us in the company of such extraordinary nominees , " "  Homeland 's " co-creators Howard Gordon and Alex Gansa said in a statement . And the ageless Betty White  OK , she 's actually 90  was nominated for best reality show host for "  Betty White 's Off Their Rockers . "  Her comedy series , "  Hot in Cleveland , " also got recognition , with two nominations . The prize for best drama series , usually considered the night 's capstone , looks to be a wide-open race . Though "  Mad Men " has won it four consecutive years , AMC 's "  Breaking Bad , " featuring Bryan Cranston 's best actor-nominated performance as a chemistry teacher turned drug kingpin , is coming off a strong year , and "  Downton Abbey " offers a rich and sumptuous take on early 20th-century life . Moreover , "  Thrones , " based on George R.R. Martin 's best-selling fantasy novels , "  Homeland " and "  Boardwalk " all have their partisans . The nominations were announced by Kerry Washington , star of ABC 's "  Scandal , " and late-night host Jimmy Kimmel . Kimmel , who stepped in for "  Parks and Recreation " actor Nick Offerman at the last minute  Offerman suffered travel delays  , showed up in pajamas . "  Who are you wearing ? " asked Washington impishly . "  This is from the husky baby collection , " Kimmel replied . The 64th Primetime Emmy Awards will take place September 23 . The show will air on ABC from Los Angeles ' Nokia Theatre .	HBO leads all networks with 81 Emmy nominations There were some snubs , including Louis C.K. 's FX series "  Louie " The prize for best drama series looks to be a wide-open race The HBO comedy "  Girls " has divided both critics and viewers
MUMBAI , India  Reuters  -- An exclusive magazine for prostitutes is offering a snapshot of life in some of India 's biggest brothels , reporting the murky world of pimps and violent customers and showcasing the dreams and talents of sex workers . "  Red Light Despatch , " a monthly publication , is full of emotional outpourings of women sold to brothels as children , personal accounts of torture and harassment , poems and essays by prostitutes , book and film reviews and advocacy articles . Health workers and prostitutes sit together once a week in a tiny newsroom located inside a brothel in India 's financial capital to discuss stories , headlines and the design of issues . The reporters , often themselves prostitutes or their relatives , file their contribution after scouring the brothels of Mumbai , Kolkata and New Delhi and some smaller cities . "  We choose the best stories for publishing , " said Rupa Metgudd , a news coordinator and daughter of a former prostitute , sifting through reports for the latest edition . "  The magazine is not a mere publication . For us it is journalism of purpose . " Although prostitution is illegal in India , it is a thriving underground industry and voluntary groups estimate that there are about 2 million women sex workers . Launched six months ago , the magazine is a platform for the collective memories , nostalgia and dreams of the sex worker community and an attempt to wean their children away from the profession , said editor Anurag Chaturvedi . In one recent edition , Sita , a prostitute from Kolkata who gave only one name , told of her violent childhood marriage that forced her to flee her home and land in a brothel . "  My dignity was torn to pieces . I used to cry a lot . But I soon learnt some things will never change no matter how much you cry , " she wrote . Elsewhere , women wrote about betrayed love , bad marriages , their dreams of living a life of dignity , of owning a "  house with lots of sky , " and about the "  frightening " world of prostitution . With a little help from a voluntary group , the magazine prints about 1,000 copies in Hindi and English and is distributed free among prostitutes and residents of red light districts . The ragtag magazine , without any photographs , looks more like a booklet but it apparently serves the purpose . "  It 's a platform , a vent for many prostitutes who deposit their anger , hurt and thoughts on these pages , " said Anita Khude , a health volunteer associated with the magazine . "  The magazine is for them and it is about them . " If there were any doubts about the quality of the magazine staffed by people with no journalistic experience , two former journalists help edit it . There also are plans to turn it into a more appealing tabloid in Hindi , English and Bengali . "  We have little money , but we still pay our writers small amounts so that they realize they can earn a respectable living as well , " said editor Chaturvedi . For its reporters , getting stories from brothels is not a problem because "  we are accepted as one of them " . "  When we go to people 's homes they are comfortable and they talk , " said Khude . "  In the next issue we will write about how a ` normal ' man -- a poor roadside snacks seller -- fought prejudices and married a prostitute he fell in love with . " E-mail to a friend Copyright 2007 Reuters . All rights reserved.This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten , or redistributed .	Magazine for prostitutes offers snapshot of life in India 's biggest brothels Monthly "  Red Light Despatch " reports on world of pimps , violent customers Prostitution is illegal in India , but it is a thriving underground industry Voluntary groups estimate 2 million women in India work as prostitutes
Sweetwater , Texas  CNN  -- To win the Miss Snake Charmer beauty pageant requires beauty , grace , talent and a strong stomach . It 's probably the only pageant in the country that requires the winner to decapitate and skin a snake . "  Tomorrow I get to skin snakes and chop their heads off , and I am super-excited about it , " said Laney Wallace , Miss Snake Charmer 2011 . The pageant kicks off the annual Rattlesnake Roundup festival in this West Texas town . Hunters from as far away as Japan catch as many snakes as possible in the countryside then bring them to the county coliseum for the festival . "  This event is a way for us to help control the population of the western diamondback rattlesnake in our area , " says Donnie Willman , a volunteer with the Sweetwater Jaycees who run the event . The roundup began more than 50 years ago as a way to combat the rattlesnake population that was killing livestock and threatening pets and even people . "  The rattlesnakes were literally coming into Sweetwater , down the streets looking for water , " says Willman . "  They bite livestock , they bite the animals , your pets . They 'll bite kids , people . They 're a very serious problem around here . " The roundup has become a huge part of the town 's identity . The Jaycees say 30,000 to 50,000 people attend the roundup each year . It 's become as much party as public service event . "  We have a lot of fun doing it . We enjoy it . We 're all Jaycees back here in the snake pits , " Willman says . Jeff Hulstein and Nathan Sheets left their wives at home in Dallas , Texas , and brought their sons to the roundup . They hired a guide to take them snake hunting and then brought their box full of snakes to the event . "  We saw this as a rite of passage to be able to bring your boys out here and let them see how you have good clean fun and learn something and appreciate nature , " says Jeff Hulstein . "  It 's one of the ways we are going to raise these boys into men . " The guide uses gasoline fumes to drive the rattlers out of their dens . The dads then use long handled tongs and hooks to corral the snakes . Nathan Sheets says he has dreamed of coming to the Rattlesnake Roundup since he was a boy . "  For me it 's been a bucket list thing my entire life . " The roundup is clearly more fun for the humans than the snakes . The rattlesnakes are dumped into a large pen with hundreds of other snakes . They are weighed and measured and their venom is milked into glass beakers where it will be used for research and to make anti-venom . It goes down hill from here . Next comes the chopping block where their heads are cut off . They are then skinned and gutted . The meat is fried up and the skins are used for boots and wallets . For $ 10 , visitors can take a turn at snake skinning . To record their feat they rub their hands in snake blood and leave handprints on the wall . It 's a little gory , but no one seems bothered , including Miss Snake Charmer 2011 Laney Wallace , who showed up to take her turn in the skinning pit . Tiara and sash in place and machete in hand , she steps up to the block and takes a swing -- and another , and another -- before the head finally comes off . Undeterred , she picks up the snakes body with one hand and gives a beauty queen wave with the other as cameras click away . "  Only in Sweetwater , " she says . "  I would of never imagined in a million years that I would be Miss Snake Charmer . I 'm so lucky . "	Miss Snake Charmer pageant kicks off annual Rattlesnake Roundup festival Festival helps control population of western diamondback rattlesnake , volunteer says For $ 10 , visitors can take a turn at snake skinning
Syrian President Bashar al-Assad is the face of his country 's regime , but his family members are also believed to wield a powerful influence on issues facing the country . In the past year , as pressure on the regime increased , al-Assad 's inner circle has become more of a family affair , said David Lesch , a professor of Middle East history and author of "  The New Lion of Damascus : Bashar al-Assad and Modern Syria . " "  That 's part of what Bashar has been doing ever since he came to power , " Lesch said . "  He has put members of his extended family ... in various parts of government and military security apparatus . If the day came -- and it did come -- where there was a threat to the regime , he could count on the loyalty of those closest to him . " Here is a closer look at the al-Assad family , an authoritarian dynasty that has been in place for more than 40 years . The matriarchAnisa Makhlouf al-Assad Bashar 's mother , Anisa , was married to Hafez Assad , Bashar 's father and predecessor , who died in 2000 . The Makhlouf family gained wealth and status through Anisa 's marriage to Hafez , taking on contracts in key industries , among them telecommunications , banking and oil . Anisa 's nephew , Rami , is regarded as Syria 's wealthiest man , worth some $ 5 billion . Anisa is said to be an influential figure within the regime despite keeping an extremely low profile over the years  she was not even seen during coverage of her husband 's funeral  . Syrian writer Ayman Abdel Nour , who went to college with Bashar , says there was distance between Bashar and his father and that Anisa was "  the mother and father and mentor of the family . " The first ladyAsma Akhras al-Assad Asma al-Assad is the Syrian-British wife of the president . Born to a cardiologist father and a diplomat mother , she grew up in London , where she was known by friends and classmates as "  Emma . " Asma graduated from King 's College in London with a degree in computer science . She worked for JP Morgan as an investment banker before marrying Bashar in 2000 , six months after he became president . Her influence remains unclear . Andrew Tabler , a Syria expert who knew Asma al-Assad and worked with her told CNN : "  No one can say what 's happening behind closed palace doors , but I doubt she feels she has any control or would ultimately have much influence over what her husband is doing . " The last major profile of her was by Vogue in spring 2011 ; however , a cache of emails recently leaked to CNN shed deep light on the first lady 's personal life over the past year , amidst the civilian uprisings taking place in her country . One e-mail features an apparent request to a friend for the latest "  Harry Potter " DVD . Another series of e-mails features exchanges about shopping for high-end jewelry , furniture and art .  More about Asma al-Assad The younger brotherMaher al-Assad Maher al-Assad is Bashar 's youngest brother and considered by many to be the second most powerful man in Syria . He oversees two of the Syrian army 's strongest units : the Republican Guard , which protects the regime in Damascus , and the elite Fourth Armored Division , which suppressed the early uprisings in the southern part of Syria . A hard-liner with a reputation for being cruel and moody , according to television channel France 24 , Maher allegedly shot his brother-in-law , Asef Shawkat , in the stomach during an argument in the presidential palace in 1999 . A New York Times profile on Maher reports that many Syrians who know him say he has a sharp intellect as well as a harsh and ruthless nature . He has apparently attempted to restructure Syria 's military and intelligence so that both entities reflect his persona . The older sisterBushra al-Assad Bushra al-Assad is the eldest of al-Assad 's five siblings . A pharmacist by training , she is said to be very intelligent . She also had a close relationship with her late father . Described by one insider as "  ruthless , " Bushra , like her mother , brandishes influence in the Assad inner sanctum and stays out of the public eye . A profile of Bushra in Mideast Monitor said although "  she shuns the spotlight , her behind-the-scenes political influence has been decisive at times . " There have been reports of tension between Bushra and her sister-in-law Asma . Bushra is said to disapprove of Asma 's public appearances in Syrian society , according to French newspaper Le Monde . In 1995 , Bushra married Asef Shawkat , a military officer 10 years older and a divorced father of five . Despite her family 's staunch objections to the union -- her brother Maher apparently had Asef imprisoned on several occasions to keep them apart -- they eventually accepted Asef into their circle , where he was appointed head of the army 's intelligence services for a time . Bushra has four children , all named after members of her family : Bushra , Maher , Basel and Anisa . The brother-in-lawAsef Shawkat Shawkat was once in charge of the army 's intelligence services , eventually becoming deputy chief-of-staff of Syria 's armed forces . He is said to be one of Bashar 's close allies , although there are reports that he was demoted after Hezbollah military commander Imad Mugniyeh was assassinated in Damascus in 2008 . According to Mideast Monitor , Shawkat and Maher were once locked in a power struggle over who had the ear of the president . Bushra is said to have interceded , easing tensions and resolving the dispute . -LSB- Update : July 18 , 2012 -RSB- Shawkat was killed in a blast at a national security building in Damascus during a meeting of ministers and security officials , state TV reported . The lost brothersBasel al-AssadMajd al-Assad Not much is known about the president 's brother Majd , who in 2009 died from "  a long illness " at age 43 , according to Syria 's official news agency SANA . Majd , like many other members of his family , remained out of the public eye . Basel al-Assad was 31 years old when he died in a 1994 car accident , crashing his Mercedes on a city highway in Damascus . Known to have been charismatic and outgoing , Basel was older than Bashar and groomed to be his father 's heir apparent , according to The Guardian . Upon news of his brother 's death , Bashar was brought back to Damascus to undergo military training to eventually take his brother 's place as successor to their father 's role as president . At the time , Bashar was studying ophthalmology in London .	Behind the scenes , the relatives of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad hold significant influence Al-Assad has put some of them in important government positions His brother Maher is a military leader often considered Syria 's second most powerful man His nephew Rami Makhlouf is regarded as the richest person in the country
CNN  -- The U.S. defense chief called on President Hamid Karzai to thank Americans for the sacrifices of those who fought and died in Afghanistan rather than level criticism at the United States . Secretary of Defense Leon Panetta 's comments Friday followed accusations by Karzai that the United States is not doing enough to fight terror in neighboring Pakistan . Karzai also said the United States is failing to supply Afghan forces with weapons it needs to fight insurgents . "  Look , we have made progress in Afghanistan because there are men and women in uniform who have been willing to fight and die for Afghanistan 's sovereignty , " Panetta told reporters shortly after landing in Lima , Peru , for a meeting with Latin American defense officials . Latest Afghan attack : A troubling first ? "  Those lives were lost fighting the right enemy not the wrong enemy , and I think it would be helpful if the president , every once in a while , expressed his thanks for the sacrifices that have been made by those who have fought and died for Afghanistan , rather than criticizing them . " The sharp reaction from Panetta , a rare public dressing down of the head of a country , came a day after Karzai accused the United States and NATO of attacking insurgents in Afghanistan rather than targeting the support they receive from Pakistan . "  The U.S. and NATO should go to the places where the roots of terrorism exist . They are saying one thing but acting contrary to that , " Karzai said at a news conference in Kabul , according to CNN affiliate Tolo TV . Karzai also threatened to turn to Russia and China among others if the United States did not supply Afghanistan with equipment needed to fight the insurgency . "  I asked the U.S. government to equip our air force with weapons , intelligence and transport planes -- we still have n't received a response from them , " he said . "  Our discussions will continue next week as well , and if they show no interest in this , we will decide whether to purchase from Russia , China , India or any other country . " 5 ways to help fix Afghanistan Karzai 's criticism of the United States come as relations between Kabul and Washington have steadily eroded in recent months , pushed in part by the accidental killing of civilians and the U.S. military 's refusal to surrender a number of prisoners to Afghan control . Tensions have been further exacerbated by attacks against coalition troops by Afghan troops or insurgents disguised in security uniforms that have left dozens dead . The timing of Karzai 's criticism comes as the United States surpassed a military casualty milestone last month , with more than 2,000 U.S. troops killed in the 11-year war . Karzai laid some of the blame on the United States for the shelling of Afghanistan 's eastern border provinces by insurgents inside Pakistan , saying his forces were not sufficiently equipped to respond and the United States should have stepped up . "  According to the Afghan-U.S. strategic pact , the U.S. is committed to defend Afghanistan against any such foreign threat until the Afghan forces find the ability , " he said . "  We asked them several time but they never accepted that these attacks were occurring . " Panetta said the United States remains committed to timetable to withdraw American combat troops from Afghanistan by the end of 2014 . Frida Ghitis : A war is raging against free speech	Defense Secretary Leon Panetta says Afghan progress is due to U.S. sacrifices Panetta says Hamid Karzai should express "  his thanks for the sacrifices " Karzai drew the ire of Panetta with complaints about the U.S. fight on terror The United States is not doing enough to fight terror in Pakistan , Karzai says
CNN  The Baltimore Police Department is warning law enforcement agencies along the East Coast to take extra precautions in protecting their officers after a man carrying a .22 caliber handgun walked into one of the city 's police stations Tuesday morning on orders from the street gang Black Guerilla Family . Jason Armstrong , 29 , told officers the gang ordered him into the station to test the security there , police said . Officers smelled marijuana on him and noticed him acting strangely , so they approached him , Police Commissioner Anthony W. Batts said . The Black Guerilla Family is a gang with ties to violence and drug trafficking in the Baltimore area , police said . Officers searched Armstrong and found the handgun , with a round loaded in the chamber . The man also had cocaine and marijuana , Batts said . "  We are really lucky , for a person walking into a police station fully armed and loaded with guns on him , that it did not end up in a terrible situation , " said Batts . Police charged Armstrong with various weapons and narcotics violations . "  An organized gang in the city of Baltimore sent an armed suspect into our building to see our security , to test our security . That is alarming to us , " Batts said . "  In light of other incidents that have occurred in other cities , it has raised our level of concern . " Batts said he is calling a meeting with federal agencies including the FBI , Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , and the Drug Enforcement Administration and has already sent an alert to other law enforcement agencies . "  We 're not going to cower , we 're not going to back down , we 're not going to shy away from tough situations , " he said . "  We are going to be a Constitutional police department while we keep this city safe and continue to patrol the streets of the City of Baltimore . " Deputy Commissioner Jerry Rodriquez said , "  This person did not go in there on his own free will . This person had very little option , according to his statement , which lends credibility to what a dire situation this was . " FBI spokesperson Minique Crump said the bureau is in communication with Baltimore police , but at this point it is a local matter being handled by Baltimore . Crump said the case is not related to a joint FBI-DHS bulletin sent in October warning law enforcement agencies across the country about potential attacks against police officers . The bulletin was sent after intelligence officials picked up chatter from ISIS members urging attacks against government officials , including law enforcement and military personnel . Bronx shootout wounds two NYPD , reminds of dangers to police officers	Man says he was told to go to station by street gang Black Guerilla Family Officers find him suspicious , search him and find loaded handgun , drugs
Hong Kong  CNN  Nestled in a tranquil hillside , Hong Kong 's newest Buddhist monastery features bulletproof VIP rooms and the world 's second tallest statue of the Goddess of Mercy -- a Buddhist deity . The monastery is funded entirely by Asia 's richest man , Li Ka-shing , who contributed $ 193 million from his personal foundation to the building project . The premises , styled on Tang dynasty buildings , sprawl across a lush , green area of 500,000 square feet - around nine football fields . It can accommodate up to 400 to 500 visitors daily , but will not be open to tour groups in order to preserve the sacred atmosphere . Li initiated the project in 2003 to promote Buddhism in the city and construction took five years to complete . At a height of 76 meters  250 feet  , the Goddess of Mercy statue overlooks the site and a breathtaking view of Hong Kong 's harbor and several islands . The monastery also features several grand halls , including one which houses three ornate 24-karat gold plated Buddhist statues , where people can meditate , and learn about Buddhism . But perhaps the most intriguing feature is the bulletproof dormitory rooms . One of the three dormitories that provide housing for visiting monks from all over world has built-in bulletproof windows to protect "  important guests . " "  We installed the bulletproof glass windows because we hoped there could be a place to protect our important guests such as the Supreme Patriarch of Thailand and other top monks , " Walter Ngai Kai-shu , secretary general of the monastery told local media . The rooms are still empty , and Ngai added that they were not designed for Li or any specific individual , reported the South China Morning Post . Visitors are not allowed to bring joss sticks , meat , alcohol , or other food offerings in order to be environmentally friendly -- instead the monastery will provide water . "  There are many other ways to offer the Buddha apart from joss sticks , " Ngai told local media . Currently , a dozen monks , mainly from Hong Kong and Southeast Asia reside inside the monastery . It will be open to the public on April 15 , but registration and booking is now available online . CNN 's Shen Lu contributed to this report .	Hong Kong 's newest monastery features bulletproof VIP rooms and the world 's second tallest Goddess of Mercy statue The $ 193M monastery is funded by Asia 's richest man , Li Ka-shing The monastery will be open to public by mid April
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- Friday 's two-train collision killed 25 people and injured more than 130 others near Los Angeles after an engineer failed to heed a traffic signal , a spokeswoman for Metrolink commuter trains said . A commuter rail car lies on its side after a collision Friday near Los Angeles , California . The engineer was guiding the Metrolink train that slammed head-on into a freight train and is not believed to have survived , Metrolink spokeswoman Denise Tyrrell said on Saturday . "  It was human error , " Tyrrell said , adding this was Metrolink 's belief "  barring any new information " from an investigation by the National Transportation Safety Board . NTSB spokeswoman Kitty Higgins said the agency would "  look at everything before we rule anything in or out . " Tyrrell said the engineer , whom she did n't identify , was a subcontractor employed by another company . She said she did not have details of his record . The crash occurred about 4:30 p.m. PT Friday in Chatsworth , a northwest Los Angeles suburb . The Metrolink train had about 220 passengers and two crew members on board at the time , according to Tyrrell . Watch rescuers search for victims " Forty-five of the injured were in critical condition , with 40 flown to hospitals , Tyrrell said . Another 50 had minor injuries , and 40 others were treated at the crash site but transported to hospitals for evaluation . "  It was like running into a brick wall at 60 miles an hour , " an injured passenger told CNN affiliate KABC . In the minutes after the crash , passers-by joined emergency personnel in an effort to free passengers from the wreckage . On Saturday afternoon , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa said the search of the wreckage had finished . Earlier in the day , authorities were picking through the wreckage and freeing trapped bodies . Ed Winter , assistant chief of the Los Angeles County coroner 's office , told reporters two bodies -- both of females -- had yet to be identified . If the females had carried identification , it probably was lost in the crash , he said . As of 9 a.m. PT Saturday , authorities had been able to notify relatives of eight victims , he said . Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger visited the crash site on Saturday , telling reporters it was "  one of the worst train accidents in modern history in California . " The NTSB will make a final determination of the crash 's cause . Higgins , the agency 's spokeswoman , said data recorders have been recovered from both trains , along with a video recorder from the freight train . Higgins said that out of the trains ' five crew members , four survived . Authorities will interview the surviving crew members , Higgins said . Tyrrell said a review of "  a number of programs , " including the signal system , showed the commuter train 's engineer failed to heed a stop signal , Tyrrell said . "  We do n't know how the error happened , but this is what we believe happened , " Tyrrell said . The wreck occurred on a curved part of the track where the speed limit is 40 mph , Tyrrell said . She said that just like road vehicles , trains are subject to signal systems . At the wreck site is a siding where one train can wait while another passes , she said . "  They receive a signal to stop and they must hold their location until other traffic has passed , " she said . Villaraigosa praised police officers and firefighters for working under emotionally draining conditions and treating the victims with respect . "  This has been a grueling night for them , " he said . The crash sparked a fire that impeded firefighters 's efforts to reach the front commuter car , where most of the injuries occurred , Los Angeles County sheriff 's spokesman Steve Whitmore said . The fire eventually was brought under control . "  We 've already found survivors trapped under fatalities , " Whitmore said late Friday . Among those killed was Spree Desha , 35 , a Los Angeles police officer on her way home from work , officials said Saturday . "  It 's not unusual for us to respond to disasters , " said Jerry Szymanski , an assistant commander for the LAPD . "  When we got here , we found it was one that hit close to home . " Desha had "  mentored and trained a lot of the young officers in the North Hollywood area , " Szymanski said . Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca said Friday night a sheriff 's deputy was in a hospital 's intensive care unit after collapsing while conducting rescue work . CNN 's Ted Rowlands contributed to this report .	NEW : Engineer failed to heed stop signal , Metrolink spokeswoman says NEW : At least 25 killed , 135 others injured in head-on wreck , officials say NEW : Search for bodies and survivors has finished , Los Angeles mayor says Passenger and freight trains collided Friday in Chatsworth
CNN  -- A federal judge has lifted a temporary ban on painful forced feedings of a Guantanamo Bay detainee , saying she had no choice and "  the court simply can not let  him  die . " In the meantime , the court will advance a "  speedy exchange " of information about terrorism detainee Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab 's request to stop what he describes as abusive forced feedings , U.S. District Court Judge Gladys Kessler ruled late Thursday . Dhiab , 42 , a Syrian , was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 and has been detained in the U.S. military 's facility for terrorism suspects at Guantanamo for more than 10 years , according to the London-based human rights group Reprieve . Dhiab has stopped eating , and his case is example of the forced feedings at Guantanamo , which the U.S. government has been administering typically to detainees who go on hunger strikes . Dhiab was cleared for release by the Obama administration in 2009 and has never been charged , Reprieve 's website said . Kessler said the court "  is now faced with an anguishing Hobson 's choice : reissue another temporary restraining order despite the very real probability that Mr. Dhiab will die , because he has indicated a continuing desire to refuse to eat and/or drink liquids , or refuse to issue the TRO and allow the medical personnel on the scene to take the medical actions to keep Mr. Dhiab alive , but at the possible cost of great pain and suffering . " "  The Court is in no position to make the complex medical decisions necessary to keep Mr. Dhiab alive , " the judge said . "  Thanks to the intransigence of the Department of Defense , Mr. Dhiab may well suffer unnecessary pain from certain enteral feeding practices and forcible cell extractions . However , the Court simply can not let Mr. Dhiab die . " The judge noted that Mr. Dhiab 's physical condition has been "  swiftly deteriorating , in large part because he was refusing food and/or water . "	A federal judge says she has no choice in allowing forced feeding to resume ` The court simply can not let  the detainee  die , ' the judge writes Mohammed Abu Wa'el Dhiab , 42 , a Syrian , has been detained since 2002 arrest Dhiab is ` swiftly deteriorating ' because he refuse to eat or drink
Washington  CNN  -- Call it domestic housekeeping , a political dotting of "  i "  s and crossing of "  t "  s on a checklist for launching punitive military strikes against Syria for last week 's chemical weapons attack . The Obama administration briefed members of Congress late Thursday in a display of consultation intended to fulfill a murky obligation under law and address the inevitable complaints by minority legislators that no one ever talks to them . Officials including Secretary of State John Kerry , Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel , National Security Adviser Susan Rice , Director of National Intelligence James Clapper and the vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff were among those on the 90-minute telephone conference call , the White House said in a statement . "  The views of Congress are important to the president 's decision-making process , and we will continue to engage with members as the president reaches a decision on the appropriate U.S. response to the Syrian government 's violation of international norms against the use of chemical weapons , " it read . A lawmaker on the call said that its main message was that the administration has no doubt the Syrian government used chemical weapons . No decision has been made yet on military action , and there is no time table , the lawmaker said . Hagel reportedly stressed that both action and inaction on Syria carry risk and consequence . "  Tonight the administration informed us that they have a ` broad range of options ' for Syria but failed to layout a single option . They also did not provide a timeline , a strategy for Syria and the Middle East , or a plan for the funds to execute such an option , " said Sen. Jim Inhofe , R-Oklahoma after the call . Rep. Dutch Ruppersberger , D-Maryland , warned that the United States "  can not be the lone sheriff of the whole world . " "  The United States must be careful in how it proceeds and must act together with a coalition of countries , " he said . While informal briefings and phone calls have taken place this week , the latest sessions with congressional leaders and others represent an official effort to lobby support while meeting an imprecise obligation under U.S. law . Does Congress need to give blessing ? The War Powers Resolution passed by Congress in 1973 requires that the president seek consent from Congress before force is used , or within 60 days of the start of hostilities . It also says the president must provide Congress with reports throughout the conflict . Since 1973 , the United States has used military force in Grenada in 1983 , Panama in 1989 , Iraq in 1991 , Haiti in 1994 and Kosovo in 1999 . In all those instances , presidents -- both Democrats and Republicans -- sidestepped Congress and committed U.S. military forces without obtaining congressional approval . Congress did , however , provide President George W. Bush with its approval for the war in Iraq in 2002 and the war in Afghanistan after the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks . Now , House Republicans lead the calls for President Barack Obama to convene a joint session of Congress to lay out his case to the lawmakers and the American people . Some in both parties demand a vote before any military strikes occur . More than 90 members of Congress , most of them Republican , have signed a letter to the president urging him "  to consult and receive authorization " before authorizing any such military action , according to the office of GOP Rep. Scott Rigell of Virginia . Meanwhile , 54 House Democrats mostly representing the party 's progressive wing sent Obama a letter Thursday that said "  we strongly urge you to seek an affirmative decision of Congress prior to committing any U.S. military engagement to this complex crisis . " However , others acknowledge the reality that Obama has the authority to order limited attacks on Syria without first asking permission . What next in Syria : 5 lessons from Iraq McCain : Obama can act without congressional approval Veteran GOP Sen. John McCain of Arizona expressed the prevailing view when he said Obama should consult with Congress first , but nothing legally required him to get approval before launching missiles at Syria in response to what U.S. officials call a major chemical weapons attack by the regime of President Bashar al-Assad that killed hundreds on August 21 . "  No , the president does not have to , " McCain told Fox News on Wednesday . "  But he is required to consult with Congress , and it would be in his interests to consult with Congress , rather than acting in a unilateral fashion . " Agreeing was GOP Rep. Mike Rogers of Michigan , who chairs the House Intelligence Committee . "  Under the War Powers Act , I do n't believe there has to be a vote , " Rogers told MSNBC on Thursday . He added that it would be both politically wise and follow the law to have full discussions with Congress , saying : "  You have to have these discussions . You have to bring members in . I think the administration is obligated to do that . " So far , the administration has failed to properly meet its obligation to fully consult Congress , Rogers said , describing its efforts as "  trying to do it on the cheap . " At the White House , spokesman Josh Earnest disagreed , saying the "  robust consultations " cover a wide range of information , including classified briefings for some members of Congress . "  It involves some insight into the perspective of our diplomatic partners around the globe , " he said . "  It involves reading out conversations that the president and others have had with our allies . It involves a review of the options that are available to the president as he considers an appropriate response . " Along with the congressional briefings , the administration is expected to publicly release a declassified intelligence report this week on what happened in Syria . The White House has made clear that the report would come out before any U.S. action occurs . War Powers debate arises again around possible action in Syria Boehner seeks "  clear , unambigous explanation " At home , polls show Americans are conflicted over the U.S. intention to respond in Syria . While national polling over the past few months suggests most Americans do n't favor military involvement in Syria , some surveys indicate the public feels Washington would be justified in using military action against Damascus in the event of chemical weapons attacks by the regime . For almost two years , Obama has avoided direct military involvement in Syria 's civil war , only escalating aid to rebel fighters in June after suspected smaller-scale chemical weapons attacks by Syrian government forces . However , last week 's attack obliterated the "  red line " Obama set just over a year ago against the use of Syria 's chemical weapons stocks . The United States has concluded Syria carried out chemical weapons attacks against its people , Obama said Wednesday . "  If , in fact , we can take limited , tailored approaches , not getting drawn into a long conflict , not a repetition of , you know , Iraq , which I know a lot of people are worried about - but if we are saying in a clear and decisive but very limited way , we send a shot across the bow saying , stop doing this , that can have a positive impact on our national security over the long term , " the president told "  PBS Newshour . " Opinion : On Syria , learn from U.S. mistakes in Iraq Calls for a role in the decision-making process appear motivated both by the incessant grappling to shift Washington 's power balance and the general public distaste for more war after more than a decade of conflict in Afghanistan and Iraq . In a letter to Obama on Wednesday , House Speaker John Boehner called on the president to "  provide a clear , unambiguous explanation of how military action -- which is a means , not a policy -- will secure U.S. objectives and how it fits into your overall policy " regarding Syria . "  I respectfully request that you , as our country 's commander-in-chief , personally make the case to the American people and Congress for how potential military action will secure American national security interests , preserve America 's credibility , deter the future use of chemical weapons , and , critically , be a part of our broader policy and strategy , " Boehner 's letter said . "  In addition , it is essential you address on what basis any use of force would be legally justified and how the justification comports with the exclusive authority " of Congress to declare war under the Constitution , the Ohio Republican wrote . On Thursday , Obama spoke by phone with Boehner to brief him on Syria , according to the speaker 's spokesman , Brendan Buck . Boehner was also on the conference call Thursday night . "  It is clear that further dialogue and consultation with Congress , as well as communication with the American public , will be needed , " Buck said of Obama . Opinion : For U.S. , Syria is truly a problem from hell CNN 's Dana Bash , Ted Barrett , Jim Acosta , Paul Steinhauser , Alan Silverleib and Leigh Ann Caldwell contributed to this report .	Top Cabinet officials brief members of Congress History shows presidents can launch military action without approval Consult with us first , both Republicans and Democrats tell Obama House intelligence chairman says Obama is trying to consul "  on the cheap "
CNN  -- Relax . Those "  My Birthday Calendar " requests on Facebook might be annoying , but they 're not dangerous . A warning that 's gone viral on Facebook , as these things tend to do , claims that the app is malware that accesses your data and spams all of your friends . But a top Web security firm says that 's not the case . "  It appears that the warnings are causing much more traffic and wasting more time than the supposedly aggressive Facebook application , " Graham Cluley , of Web security firm Sophos , wrote in a blog post Friday . The cut-and-paste warning , with all the requisite spelling and punctuation errors , has usually been some variation of this : "  WARNING : URGENT ! People are getting inquiries allegedly linked to a program called "  my birthday calendar " . "  My birthday calendar " is a malicious application to retrieve data from all profiles . It 's very aggressive , just a click makes it starts sending requests to all your friends/contacts . If a request comes from me just ignore it ; NOTE please copy and warn your friends " Cluley says that Sophos has checked out the app and that "  it would be appropriate to classify this chain letter as a hoax warning . " Snopes , the longtime home base for debunking Internet shenanigans , has also cleared the app of any wrongoing . The phony viral warning circulated once before in December 2011 , according to Snopes . That said , Cluley wrote that the false warning is a good reminder that legitimate Facebook apps can , in fact , access some of your data if you give them permission . If you 're not comfortable with one , do n't approve it . And even if you 're careful , apps your friends install can sometimes access information about you , too -- at least as much as those friends can see about you . To crack down on how much apps can access , Sophos advises Facebook users to visit their App Settings page and uncheck the boxes beside information they do n't want shared .	Viral warning about My Birthday Calendar on Facebook are false Security firm , Snopes say it does no more than other apps on the site Facebook users should visit App Settings to control what others see
World-renowned chef , author and Emmy winning television personality Anthony Bourdain visits Libya in the next episode of "  Anthony Bourdain : Parts Unknown , " airing Sunday , May 19 , at 9 p.m. ET . Follow the show on Twitter and Facebook .	Which American food is a hit in Libya ? Bourdain meets Libyan Boy Scouts Bourdain visits Libya 's Misrata War Museum
CNN  Film critic Richard Corliss , whose populist passion for all genres of movies illuminated Time magazine 's coverage of cinema for 35 years , died Thursday night in New York City . He was 71 . Corliss died a week after suffering a major stroke , according to a tribute on Time 's website by colleague Richard Zoglin , who called him "  perhaps the magazine 's most quoted writer of all time . " Unlike some critics , Corliss appreciated all kinds of movies -- from the arty drama of Ingmar Bergman to the epic fantasy of "  The Lord of the Rings . " His all-TIME top 100 movies list , which he compiled with fellow Time critic Richard Schickel , contained everything from "  Pulp Fiction " to "  Finding Nemo " to Jackie Chan 's "  Drunken Master II . " "  He savored it all : the good , the bad , the indifferent . Except that he was indifferent to nothing , " Zoglin wrote . "  To any fan or friend who would ask whether a new movie was ` worth seeing , ' Corliss had a stock , succinct reply : ` Everything is worth seeing . ' " But Corliss was not afraid to puncture hype around big movies he found overrated , including "  Titanic "  "  dead in the water "  and even -- blasphemy ! -- "  Star Wars , " about which he wrote , "  The movie 's ` legs ' will prove as vulnerable as C-3PO 's . " He also did n't care much for sentimental , uplifting movies that often become mainstream hits and win Oscars . "  There are movies whose feel-good sentiments and slick craft annoy me so deeply that I know they will become box-office successes or top prizewinners , " he once wrote . "  I call this internal mechanism my Built-In Hit Detector . " A graceful and prolific writer , Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies , penned many Time cover stories and authored four books on film , including "  Mom in the Movies : The Iconic Screen Mothers You Love  and a Few You Love to Hate  , " published just last year .  It was a partnership with Turner Classic Movies , which , like CNN , is owned by Turner Broadcasting . Some credit him with coining the phrase "  drop-dead gorgeous " to describe actress Michelle Pfeiffer in a review of her 1985 film , "  Into the Night . " He also cleverly , and subtly , gave away the big plot spoiler of "  The Crying Game " by spelling it out with the first letters of each paragraph of his review . Born in Philadelphia , Corliss moved to New York after college and began writing film reviews for a variety of publications before joining Time in 1980 . He served as editor of Film Comment , the movie journal of the Film Society of Lincoln Center , for 20 years , was a frequent guest on Charlie Rose 's talk show and made annual pilgrimages to film festivals in Cannes , Toronto and Venice . "  It 's painful to try to find words , since Richard was such a master of them , " Time editor Nancy Gibbs wrote in a note Friday to her staffers . "  They were his tools , his toys , to the point that it felt sometimes as though he had to write , like the rest of us breathe and eat and sleep . It 's not clear that Richard ever slept , for the sheer expanse of his knowledge and writing defies the normal contours of professional life . " He is survived by his wife , Mary , a noted film critic in her own right , whom he married in 1969 . People we 've lost in 2015	Veteran Time magazine film critic Richard Corliss died Thursday night in New York City Corliss reviewed more than 1,000 movies and authored four books on film
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Malaysian author Tan Tweng Eng has won this year 's Man Asian Literary Prize for "  The Garden of Evening Mists , " set in the aftermath of the Japanese occupation of Malaysia . "  This comes as a huge shock . It 's such a strong list that I 'm speechless , " said Tan , who beat four other shortlisted books to win the $ 30,000 prize . The shortlist included some big names -- Nobel laureate Orhan Pamuk , "  The Silent House " , Indian poet and writer Jeet Thayil , "  Narcopolis " , Jiromi Kawakami , "  The Briefcase " and Musharraf Ali Farooqi , "  Between Clay and Dust " . Pamuk was the only one not to attend the formal black-tie dinner at Hong Kong 's Peninsula Hotel . British journalist and literary critic Maya Jaggi , who chaired the panel of judges , championed the book for working on so many levels and with so many themes while also being a tale driven by mystery . "  Why is this woman the sole survivor of a Japanese labor camp ? What happened to her sister ? What happened to the landscape artist who was the gardener to the emperor ? " she said . Also on the judging panel , novelist Vikram Chandra drew attention to the formal structuring of the novel that mirrors the novel 's central metaphor . "  It 's elegant in the same way that the garden is and its shape finally gives you a vision of the entire thing , " he said . Tan grew up in Malaysia and studied law , going on to specialize in property law at one of Kuala Lumpur 's leading law firms . But he had nurtured a secret desire to write since his childhood and in his early 30s took the opportunity for a "  gap year " -- studying for a Masters at Cape Town University . He wrote his first book , "  The Gift of Rain , " while doing his Masters . That book went on to be longlisted for the Man Booker Prize . After a year of book festivals and promoting the book he settled down to write "  The Garden " and spent years crafting the novel , revising the text and moving the scenes about until he felt he had achieved the right balance . "  When I was writing the book I suddenly realized that gardening is like creative writing -- the pruning , deciding where to put your sentence , your comma , where to begin the next paragraph , " the 40-year-old said . "  The Garden of Evening Mists " was shortlisted for the Man Booker Prize 2012 , as was "  Narcopolis " . Tan jokingly referred to Thayil as his "  travel companion " as they have attended many of the same festivals and prize presentations over the last six months . Attending the formal prize dinner for the last time were representatives from the Man Group that has sponsored the prize for the last six years . Chair of the prize 's board of directors , Professor David Parker , said that a number of parties had expressed interest in sponsoring the prize and they were talking seriously to three . "  All I can say at the moment is that the response has been encouraging and we are encouraged , " said Parker , adding that he hopes to make an announcement at the end of April . The prize was initially awarded for an as yet unpublished book , but after three years was changed to make it the prize for the best novel of the year by an Asian writer that is either written in English or translated into English . The revised format means that people can read the long and shortlists ahead of the prize , and booksellers see a spike in sales for the listed books , especially the winner . Matt Steele , manager of retail operations at Dymocks , said : "  The profile of the prize grows each year and we expect that at some point it will reach the same levels as the Man Booker Prize . " This year saw a record 108 entries , up from 90 last year and 54 in 2010 . "  We 're now into the ballpark of the Man Booker in terms of number of entries , " said Parker . Last year 's winner , ` Please Look After Mom " by South Korean writer Shin Kyung-sook , has sold more than two million copies worldwide . The prize has inspired a "  shadow jury " of four book bloggers -- two in Europe and two in Australia -- who review and blog about the books and announce their winner two days before the real jury does . Last year the Shadow Man Asian Literary Prize picked "  Please Look After Mom " and this year they chose "  Narcopolis " as their favorite .	Tan Tweng Eng wins literary prize for the novel "  The Garden of Evening Mists " The author , the first Malaysian to win the prize , took years to craft the novel This prize saw a record 108 entries this year , up from 90 last year and 54 in 2010 Last year 's winner , "  Please Look After Mom " by Shin Kyung-sook , sold more than two million copies
CNN  -- A few years ago , Chicago resident Craig Benzine worked as a waiter . Now his day consists of planning , editing and posting a show for a large audience . His sound stage ? His home . Benzine is part of a new breed of celebrity : the successful YouTuber . Not only that , he now makes a living just from his videos . Under the name "  Wheezy Waiter , " Benzine puts on a regular show for 480,000 subscribers . He 's part of the community of YouTube users who do n't just think of the site as a place for fun videos  and with 1 billion unique users monthly , there are certainly plenty of casual viewers  , but actively post to the site , putting a great deal of time and effort into entertaining their audience -- some of whom become "  Internet famous " in the meantime . Benzine is one of the subjects of a documentary , "  Please Subscribe , " which examines the hardcore YouTube community , which ran in theaters earlier this year and is now available streaming online . Maintaining YouTube fame and making a living For a lot of people , the idea of becoming famous -- and even making money -- on YouTube would appear to be something that just happens overnight . But in cases like Tay Zonday - whose song "  Chocolate Rain " went viral - that 's not the whole story . Zonday was already uploading a series of videos to YouTube , when one became wildly popular , increasing his following on the site and leading to more videos . With the number of YouTube subscribers having doubled in the last year , it should come as no surprise that we 're seeing more success stories like this as well . "  The people on YouTube are hard-working people , and they make a good living doing it , " which is something that director Dan Dobi said he wanted to show with "  Please Subscribe . " That living is made through Google 's AdSense program , which allows users to open their YouTube accounts to advertisers , after which Google selects the highest bidder . YouTubers get a cut of the profits . Some , according to Socialblade.com , earn millions of dollars a year . Dobi pointed out that most people on YouTube are not "  one-hit wonders . " " ` Wheezy Waiter ' uploaded hundreds of videos before getting recognition . To get successful is a hustle . " "  I wish more people took the plunge into it and created an account , and realized it 's not just cat videos , " said Mitchell Davis , another subject of "  Please Subscribe , " who posts stream of consciousness vidoes as "  LiveLavaLive , " for his 638,500 subscribers , and then some . The nature of YouTube celebrity At the same time , the top YouTubers have fans just like other celebrities . "  The Internet celebrity aspect is almost more of a personal thing . They come up to you , they see you on a regular basis , " said Davis . "  Some YouTubers upload five times a day . It 's like ' I know you , I was just with you yesterday . ' It 's just like seeing a friend . " Benzine remembers being pointed out by a woman on the street once , saying "  It 's Wheezy Waiter ! I love Wheezy Waiter ! " "  I expected she was going to talk to me , but they walked right past , " he said . "  It was funny because she treated it as if I was just on her computer screen , not actually there . " Zonday , who was suddenly everywhere in 2007 with his original song "  Chocolate Rain , " said he has gotten anecdotes from those among the video 's 93 million views telling him he changed their lives . "  Their 2-year-old ca n't stop singing ` Chocolate Rain ' at bedtime . Their grandmother loves to hear me sing ` You 're a Mean One , Mr. Grinch . ' They made their boss laugh by playing my ` Old Spice ' video and got forgiven for being late . These are the most rewarding -LSB- things to hear -RSB- . " The Denton , Texas , YouTuber who only goes by the name Laina hit it out of the park with her very first video parodying "  Beliebers . " It made her an Internet meme for what became known as the "  Overly Attached Girlfriend " face , which earned her more than 844,000 subscribers , a full-time YouTube career that pays her bills , and an invite to appear on "  Late Night With Jimmy Fallon . " "  It was the most surreal , crazy , fun experience of my entire life . Not only to be on TV , or to be on a late-night talk show , but to be on Jimmy Fallon -- a show I love and watch all the time -- that was crazy . " "  Double Rainbow " fan Vasquez was invited to appear at a high school in Iceland after his video got 38 million views . "  They toured me around the country , made me a festival where they sang , danced , did a play , made me a mural and a throne to watch it all . The parents came out , they made me protector of the student body , decorated the school in rainbows and after the performance surrounded me , hugging and kissing me like I was a king . " And what of the other benefits ? "  AdSense alone pays my phone and Internet bill , " he said . "  I was a starving artist , for six years , prior to going viral , I made $ 6,000 a year or less breeding dogs , doing photography , eBay and cutting firewood . When I went viral , money started coming in from TV ads that I was in , the Gregory Bros. ` Double Rainbow ' song ,  which I still get checks from  , licensing my videos , and public appearances . " YouTubing as a business This experience has taught Benzine about how the business of creativity works . "  Being my own boss gives me a perspective I never had before . I understand that to be creative for a living , especially by yourself and on the Internet , you have to be able to roll with the punches , be versatile , connect with your audience , and be very prolific . " And he wishes that the public at large knew how much work went into making YouTube success happen . "  I used to sit back and critique TV and movies and YouTube much more harshly , " he said . "  But now I fully understand the process and what it means to come up with stuff on a regular basis , and it 's hard work if you want to do it for a living . I actually work more hours a day now than I ever have in my life . Luckily , I love what I do . But that 's what you have to do to make this work . " Zonday -- who was posting to YouTube for four months before hitting it big and now has more than 700,000 subscribers -- said , "  I work months on some songs and videos that never see the light of day . There are other videos that take mere minutes , like my reading of Dr. Seuss . " For Laina , comedic YouTube videos come naturally . "  To be honest , most are done in a day , " she admitted . "  I generally come up with an idea the day before , or maybe not even that early , and I write , record , and edit all in the same day . And to be honest , I 've found that that 's usually best . " The YouTube community - or something more ? Laina draws her inspiration from the "  crazy , awesome thing " she calls the YouTube community . "  I had no idea before I posted that first video that there was anything even close to it out there . I 've met people and made friends that motivate and inspire me to make better , more creative videos every time I get to spend time with them . It 's a wonderful thing , really . " Several years and many viral videos into its success though , one has to wonder , why YouTube ? What has sustained this community for so many years ? "  There 's a deeper connection between the creator and the audience than with traditional media , " Benzine explained . Indeed , one thing all of these YouTubers have in common is a consistent point of view and a conversational tone . "  YouTubers are often talking directly to the camera . This gives the audience a sense that they are talking directly to them . It 's because of this that I think the community is very tight and viewers and fans with take on a sense of ownership of the stuff created by the people they watch . " Vasquez put it this way : "  The YouTube community is humanity 's consciousness , the site is our memory . " In Zonday 's view , though , YouTube is so big that it 's gone beyond the term "  community . " "  Calling YouTube a ` community ' in 2013 is like saying rock 'n' roll is a ` community . ' The term is too small . " Benzine just hopes that YouTube continues to expand and that will benefit the individual YouTuber . "  We 're in the middle of a time of big change in the entertainment world . This could turn into something even bigger or I could be left in the dust . I do n't know . I 'm enjoying the ride , though . " Who are some of your favorite YouTubers ?	In eight years , YouTube has created Internet celebrities with large followings YouTubers with a large number of subscribers can make a living just making videos In the view of some , YouTube has even grown beyond the term "  community "
CNN  -- A test of the United States ' only long-range missile defense system failed Wednesday -- the second failure this year in two tries . The Pentagon 's Missile Defense Agency said both the intermediate-range ballistic missile target and the long-range interceptor missile launched successfully , radar and sensors worked properly and the "  kill vehicle " deployed . But the "  kill vehicle " did n't hit the target . "  Program officials will conduct an extensive investigation to determine the cause of the failure to intercept the target , " the agency said . "  The next flight test will be determined after identification of the cause of the failure . " The last test , in January , failed because of a problem with the sea-based X-band radar , the agency said . The X-band radar sits atop a modified floating oil platform and provides information about incoming missiles so military officials can launch a response . In both Wednesday 's test and the test launched earlier this year , the target missile launched from Kwajalein Atoll in the Republic of the Marshall Islands , and the interceptor launched from Vandenberg Air Force Base , California . The $ 100 billion missile shield program has had numerous problems . In December 2008 , an interceptor launched from Vandenburg "  killed " a target launched from Kodiak , Alaska . But the test was n't able to determine a key aspect -- whether the interceptor could tell the difference between a decoy and a real missile -- because the decoy failed to launch . Riki Ellison , chairman and founder of the Missile Defense Advocacy Alliance , a nonpartisan organization that advocates for the deployment of missile defense systems , said the failure "  is a tremendous setback , " noting three major test failures in the past two years . Ellison said many of the country 's interceptors are nearly identical to the one that failed Wednesday , and he questioned the military 's confidence in the ground-based system deployed in Alaska and California . So far , the Defense Department has deemed eight of the program 's 15 tests successful .	Missile Defense Agency is investigating how the "  kill vehicle " missed the target A similar test in January failed because of a problem with sea-based radar Nearly half of the systems tests have failed
CNN  -- If someone in your house is mad for One Direction , get ready to lay out some serious cash . The boy band tops the list of most expensive concert tickets with the average ticket costing $ 674.23 . That 's a lot of hours of babysitting for your average teen girl to be able to buy her own ticket . According to Jesse Lawrence , founder and chief executive officer of the ticket search engine , TiqIQ , there are a few reasons for the super-sized prices . Acts such as the Rolling Stones price their tickets high in the primary market  Companies such as TicketMaster , Live Nation and your venue 's box office  so that the secondary ticket market  those brokers/companies that resell those tickets  ca n't make as much money off of their show . So while an upper level ticket for One Direction may have originally been as inexpensive as $ 29.50 from a primary seller , those prices rise much higher when they are scarce and being sold in a secondary market . Lawrence said the Rolling Stones strategy of pricing their primary tickets high can backfire as the group recently discovered when they found themselves unable to sell some tickets . But it 's the secondary markets that help to keep the ticket prices high in the rafters , Lawrence said . "  They get sold in the primary market for , say a round number of 100 bucks , a broker buys those and says ` I 'm going to mark these tickets up to $ 300 because I think that 's what the market demands , ' " he said . There also is the matter of the scarcity of tickets . Many fans have experienced the utter frustration of waiting for tickets to go on sale at 11 a.m. only to have a site register that there are no more tickets available just minutes later . But what about those phrases you have to type in that ensure that you are a human and not a bot attempting to buy blocks of tickets ? It matters not , Lawrence said . "  One of the worst examples of that was a Justin Bieber concert in California , " he said . "  Only 8 % of the tickets went on sale to the general public . The rest were getting sold through his fan club , through -LSB- credit -RSB- cardholder -LSB- special promotions , -RSB- and artist hold-backs . Literally , that on sale to the public is a really small percentage of tickets . " New Jersey U.S. Rep. Bill Pascrell has drafted legislation that would require more transparency . "  What I want is that people will know ahead of time how many tickets are going to go on sale for the general public , " Pascrell told Today . If you are lucky enough to score one , it 's going to cost you . The Brits are the hottest tickets this summer with the Rolling Stones clocking in just behind their countrymen , One Direction , with the average ticket price being $ 637.50 . Super Diva Beyonce came in third place , commanding an average $ 358.97 . Such prices are the reason Rolling Stone magazine recently reported that "  The days of seeing the world 's biggest rock and pop bands for a few bucks , plus a little extra for parking and service fees , are as long gone as Peter Frampton 's curly hair . " Lawrence said fans are willing to pay for a chance to see  maybe  the Rolling Stones last concert or Beyonce 's moves in person . "  There is a lot of interest in the live concert experience , especially with the Internet and TV even , concerts are kind of the last thing that you ca n't experience the same way in your living room or on your computer , " he said .	Summer concert tickets are averaging several hundred dollars British acts One Direction and The Rolling Stones are the most expensive Expert says fans are willing to pay for a live music experience
CNN  -- Mitt Romney won all three of Tuesday 's Republican presidential primaries , putting more distance between himself and his closest contender , Rick Santorum , who indicated he plans to fight on to his home state of Pennsylvania and beyond . Romney 's wins in Wisconsin , Maryland and the District of Columbia put him past the halfway mark to the 1,144 delegates needed to clinch the nomination and add to a wide delegate lead that he holds over the other major GOP presidential candidates , according to CNN estimates . Yet Santorum indicated Tuesday night he would compete in the April 24 primaries in five states , including Pennsylvania , where his campaign hopes a win would be a gateway to a run of May primaries in states where he can capitalize on higher percentages of conservative voters . Romney , in a speech to supporters in Milwaukee , made no mention of his GOP rivals and instead mostly contrasted himself with President Barack Obama . "  This has really been quite a night . We won a great victory tonight in our campaign to restore the promise of America , " Romney said . He continued his criticism of Obama 's economic polices and what he repeatedly called Obama 's plan for a "  government centered society . " "  There is a basic choice that we 're going to face : The president has pledged to transform America , and he spent the last four years laying the foundation for a new government-centered society . I will spend the next four years rebuilding the foundation of an opportunity society led by free people and free enterprises . " The former Massachusetts governor is expected to take the majority of Wisconsin 's 42 delegates and Maryland 's 37 delegates , with some designated solely for the winner and the rest to be awarded proportionally . He will take all 16 delegates at stake in the District of Columbia . Counting partial allocations for Wisconsin and Maryland , and full allocations for D.C. , Romney has collected 648 delegates since the primary and caucuses began in January , according to CNN estimates . That 's more than twice the 264 delegates Santorum is estimated to hold . Gingrich and Paul trailed well back . GOP delegate count | Delegate calculator With 93 % of the vote reported in Wisconsin , Romney had 42 % and Santorum , a former U.S. senator from Pennsylvania , had 38 % . U.S. Rep. Ron Paul of Texas had 12 % , and former House Speaker Newt Gingrich had 6 % . In Maryland , with 75 % of the vote reported , Romney had 49 % . Santorum had 29 % , Gingrich had 11 % and Paul had 10 % . In the District of Columbia , with 99 % of the vote reported , Romney had 70 % . Paul had 12 % and Gingrich had 11 % . Santorum was not on the D.C. ballot . Maryland results | D.C. results Pre-primary polls appeared to show Wisconsin 's contest was the only one Tuesday that Santorum had a chance to win . And analysts said Wisconsin might be Santorum 's final chance to slow Romney 's march toward the GOP nomination . Wisconsin exit poll | Maryland exit poll But Santorum told supporters in Mars , Pennsylvania , on Tuesday night that the race was essentially at halftime , with only roughly half the available delegates awarded . "  Pennsylvania and half the other people in this country have yet to be heard , and we 're going to go out and campaign here and across this nation to make sure that their voices are heard in the next few months , " Santorum said . Santorum , who has touted himself as a more conservative candidate than Romney , also warned supporters that the Republican Party often has fielded moderate Republicans against incumbent Democratic presidents , only to see the moderate Republican lose . He appeared to raise Ronald Reagan , a conservative who defeated Jimmy Carter in 1980 , as an example for a way forward . "  If we 're going to win this race , we ca n't have little differences between our nominee and President Obama . We have to have clear , contrasting colors , " Santorum said . " ... Time and time again , the Republican establishment and aristocracy have shoved down the throats of the Republican Party and people across this country moderate Republicans because , of course , we have to win by getting people in the middle . There 's one person who understood we do n't win by moving to the middle . We win by getting people to the middle to move to us and move this country forward . " President Barack Obama , meanwhile , clinched the Democratic presidential nomination Tuesday with primary wins in Maryland , the District of Columbia and Wisconsin , CNN projected . Unlike the Republicans , Obama faces no serious opposition in his race . According to CNN 's delegate estimate , the president had 2,735 of the 2,778 delegates needed to secure his party 's nod before Tuesday 's contest . He is expected to win most or all of the 119 delegates at stake in Maryland and D.C. , as well as the 100 delegates at stake in Wisconsin . On the Republican side , since Romney 's double-digit victory in Illinois two weeks ago -- followed by a wave of some of the Republican Party 's major names and elder statesmen endorsing him and urging a quick conclusion to the divisive nomination battle -- the conversation seems to have changed : the GOP front-runner increasingly being called the inevitable nominee . Wisconsin exit polls show that endorsements might have helped Romney . About 60 % of respondents said the Romney endorsements were a factor in their votes , and 33 % called them an "  important " factor . Most of those voters broke for Romney . CNN Chief Political Correspondent Candy Crowley reported that Romney 's campaign was prepared to spend "  a lot of money and a lot of candidate time in Pennsylvania , " where polls show Santorum 's once-large lead has shrunk . Santorum 's campaign points toward May , which looks friendlier for him . He could be the favorite in primaries in North Carolina and West Virginia on May 8 , Nebraska on May 15 , Arkansas and Kentucky on May 22 and Texas a week later . But it could be too little , too late by May . Sen. Hillary Clinton won most of the final contests against Sen. Barack Obama in the marathon 2008 Democratic presidential nomination battle . But in the end , it did n't matter . And Ari Fleischer , a CNN contributor and former George W. Bush White House spokesman , said that while he believed that Santorum earned the right to fight through Pennsylvania , the race was all but over . "  I think the writing is on the wall . Does Rick Satorum want to read it is the question , " Fleischer said . Romney and Obama on Tuesday seemed to be turning their attention to November 's general election , with Romney blasting the president during a campaign stop in Wisconsin and Obama mentioning Romney in a speech for the first time this year . Speaking at a restaurant in Waukesha , Wisconsin , Romney suggested Obama wants to duck responsibility "  for what 's happened in this country , " saying the president should get full credit or blame for "  what 's happened in this economy , and what 's happened to gasoline prices under his watch . " "  It is time to have somebody who will take responsibility , and if I am president , I will not only get things right again , I will take full responsibility for my errors and make sure that people understand we have a president in the White House again where the buck will stop at his desk , " Romney said , while standing with House Budget Committee Chairman Paul Ryan , a prominent Wisconsinite who endorsed Romney . Later Tuesday , Obama mentioned Romney while slamming a House-passed budget proposal that Ryan drew up and Romney embraced . Obama , speaking at a media luncheon in Washington , said the plan , which would lower tax rates and cut spending while reforming the Medicare and Medicaid government-run health care programs , was "  thinly veiled Social Darwinism " and "  antithetical to our entire history as a land of opportunity and upward mobility for everyone who 's willing to work for it . " "  One of my political opponents , Gov. Romney , has said that he hoped a similar version of this plan from last year would be introduced on day one of his presidency , " Obama said . "  He said that he 's very supportive of this new budget and he even called it marvelous , which is a word you do n't often hear when it comes to describing a budget . " While Romney is far ahead of Santorum , Gingrich and Paul in the hunt for delegates , exit polls have indicated Romney still has a problem locking in the conservative base of the party . That continues to fuel Santorum 's campaign , in which he continually depicts himself as the lone true conservative going up against the Republican establishment and liberal media bias . As in previous contests , Wisconsin 's early exit polls showed Romney doing better among higher-earners and Santorum better with lower-income voters . Among exit-poll takers making $ 100,000 to $ 200,000 annually , Romney led 55 % -30 % , with Santorum winning the under - $ 30,000 voters , 44 % -34 % . The Wisconsin exit polls showed Santorum is more popular in rural areas and Romney in urban areas in Wisconsin . According to the exit polls , Santorum was winning the rural vote , 37 % -27 % , and Romney was winning big-city voters , 43 % -23 % . About 24 % of the vote in Wisconsin came from urban areas and 22 % from rural areas , according to the exit polls . The rest is suburban . Wisconsin 's primary was open to any registered voter in the state , regardless of party . Exit polls showed that 58 % described themselves as Republicans , 30 % said they were independent and 12 % said they were Democrats . Santorum was doing best among self-described Democrats with 32 % of their vote , while Romney had 22 % and Paul had 16 % . CNN 's John Helton , Paul Steinhauser , Tom Cohen , Phil Gast and Peter Hamby contributed to this report . Watch Piers Morgan Live weeknights 9 p.m. ET . For the latest from Piers Morgan click here .	NEW : Santorum says he 'll continue fight in home state , Pennsylvania , on April 24 Romney : "  We won a great victory tonight " Romney more than halfway to 1,144 delegates he needs for nomination , CNN estimates
Three students at the University of California Santa Barbara were being treated Thursday for meningococcal disease , a bacterial infection that causes bloodstream infections and meningitis , health officials said . The students -- two males and a female -- became ill between November 11 and November 18 , according to the Santa Barbara County Public Health Department . Two cases are confirmed to be the same strain , said department spokeswoman Susan Klein-Rothschild . The three were in contact "  directly or secondarily , " she said . All the cases were caused by meningococcal bacteria known as type B , the same strain found in seven cases of meningitis , an infection of the lining of the brain , at Princeton University since March . However , no link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton , the health department said . "  This is not expected , as cases of meningococcal disease can occur sporadically in college settings since this population has an increased risk , " the department said in a statement . Generally , college-aged youth , particularly those in their first year who live in residence halls , are at increased risk of meningococcal disease . Kissing , sharing eating utensils or food , and drinks or cigarettes can increase risk . Public health officials and the university are looking into the cases . Some 300 students who have had close contact with the ill students were being given antibiotics , the statement said . Princeton is preparing to provide a vaccine , unlicensed in the United States , which targets meningitis B , pending final approval from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention . "  Santa Barbara County , UCSB , California Department of Public Health and Centers for Disease Control have already had preliminary discussions about the vaccine , " the statement said . "  Santa Barbara County and UCSB will be monitoring the situation closely and continuing to explore the possibility of vaccination . " There are two forms of meningitis : bacterial and viral . The bacterial form is rare in the United States , and the group B bacterial strains are even more rare . Symptoms can include stiff neck , headache , fever , vomiting , rashes , sensitivity to light and confusion . Untreated , the disease can lead to complications such as hearing impairment , brain damage , limb amputations and death .	Meningococcal disease causes bloodstream infections and meningitis The disease is the same bacteria seen at Princeton University No link has been found between the California cases and those at Princeton
Rome , Italy  CNN  -- "  The devil tempts everyone -- people in politics , in economics , in sport . And naturally , he tempts , above all , the religious leaders , so you should n't be surprised if the devil tempts those in the Vatican . That 's his job . " Father Gabriele Amorth is n't speaking metaphorically when he says that . The 85-year-old priest means people can be tempted and literally possessed by Satan . "  It 's not my opinion : I 'm saying that if you believe in the Gospels , you believe in the existence of the devil , in the devil 's power to possess people , " he said in an interview with CNN . The faithful believe "  that there are people possessed by the devil , and ... in the power of exorcism to liberate from the devil , " he said . And as the chief exorcist of the Roman Catholic Church , it 's his job to expel the devil when someone is possessed . Amorth , the founder of the International Association of Exorcists , has performed more than 70,000 exorcisms in his career , he estimates . But there is a difference between possession -- where the devil takes hold of someone 's body and actions -- and temptation , where Satan lures a person into doing evil , he said . As a child abuse scandal sweeps across Europe , with accusations being made against priests in Ireland , Germany , Austria and the Netherlands , Amorth said the pedophiles are tempted , not possessed . He has never done an exorcism on a child molester , he said . "  I have carried out exorcisms on some priests who had been molested by the devil , " he said , without going into details . "  But cases of pedophilia exorcised , no . ... Pedophiles are not possessed by the devil , they are tempted by the devil , " he said . "  They do n't need exorcism , they need to be converted , to be converted to God , that 's what they need . They need to confess , they need true penitence , true repentance , that 's what they need . They 're not possessed . " But no one is too strong a believer to be possessed , said Amorth , who is employed by the Roman diocese . "  Nothing occurs without the permission of God , and he allows even holy people , even saints , to be possessed by the devil , " he said . But , he added , he sees no evil in the Vatican today : "  I just see good people in the Vatican . People of prayer , holy people , I do n't see any evil . "	Father Gabriele Amorth is chief exorcist at Vatican ; he claims over 70,000 exorcisms He says the faithful believe "  in the power of exorcism to liberate from the devil " Amorth : "  Pedophiles are not possessed by the devil , they are tempted by the devil " Priests from Ireland to Austria have been accused in growing child abuse scandal
New York  CNN  -- More than 200 people received hepatitis A vaccinations over the weekend after learning that a Manhattan restaurant employee handling sweets was infected with the virus , according to the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene . Patrons of the Alta tapas restaurant in Manhattan 's West Village from March 23 to April 2 could have been exposed . Of the 239 people who received vaccinations over the weekend , 31 were restaurant employees . The restaurant believes that about 3,000 people ate at Alta tapas during the time frame , 15 % of whom -- or 450 -- ordered dessert . As of Friday , there were no confirmed cases , according to the health department , but officials advise guests who ordered desserts during the time in question to get the shot as a precaution . The health department warned the public about the infected employee Friday and began offering free vaccinations to restaurant patrons through the weekend and will continue to do so Monday . The department did not say whether there is concrete evidence that the virus ended up in food . Efforts to reach the restaurant owner Sunday were unsuccessful . Hepatitis A spreads by mouth via traces of fecal matter from an infected person , the Health Department said . If people do not wash their hands before handling food , the food could become infected even though it might look clean . The virus infects the liver and causes jaundice , which is the yellowing of the skin and eyes , fatigue , abdominal pain , nausea and diarrhea . There is no specific treatment once symptoms appear . Hepatitis A is rarely fatal , although those with liver disease or a weakened immune system could require hospitalization , according to the health department . An average of 65 cases of Hepatitis A occur in New York City each year , with one or two occurring in food handlers , according to the health department . The restaurant owner on Friday said that the infected employee is no longer "  on the premises . " Scores of Tulsa dental patients tested for hepatitis , HIV exposure CNN 's Ben Brumfield and Julia Talanova contributed to this report .	More than 200 people were vaccinated against hepatitis A after a scare at a NYC restaurant An employee infected with hepatitis A handled desserts at a Manhattan tapas eatery About 450 of 3,000 patrons may have been exposed , health department says
English football fans have been warned they face criminal prosecution if they continue to chant a word which has been deemed anti-Semitic . The English Football Association  FA  have told fans to stop using the word "  Yid " , a term which at different times throughout history has been used by Jews and also to abuse them . Tottenham Hotspur , a north London-based club , are known for having a large number of Jewish supporters . A section of Spurs fans have attempting to reclaim the "  Y word " by referring to themselves as the "  Yid Army " and chanting it at matches . But the FA has warned that such practices are no longer acceptable as it continues its fight against discrimination in the English game . "  We are committed to tackling discrimination in all its forms and that includes anti-Semitic behavior in football , " FA general secretary Alex Horne said in a statement . "  The Y-word has no place in our game and its use in stadiums can result in a football banning order . We are determined that everyone can enjoy football in a fan friendly and safe environment . " The FA also stated that , while it understands the motives of fans attempting to reclaim an offensive term , it still deems the word a discriminatory slur . "  The FA appreciates that language is a complex issue : the use and meaning of words is constantly evolving , " read a statement . "  This means that , over time , sometimes neutral words or phrases can come to be understood as offensive ; and , similarly , words or phrases previously considered as offensive can become more acceptable . "  Although the term derives from the Yiddish word for a Jew , its use in the English language has been , both historically and in contemporary use , derogatory and offensive . "  It is noted that many minority communities have sought to reclaim historic terms of abuse such as this as a means of empowerment . The process of empowerment through reclaiming language is complex and can often divide opinion within the same community . "  In light of the historic and contemporary use of the term , The FA considers that the use of the term ` Yid ' is likely to be considered offensive by the reasonable observer . " Speaking on behalf of Maccabi GB , a British charity aimed at promoting Jewish participation in sports , Dave Rich declared the word does not have a place in modern language due to its associations with fascist views of Oswald Mosley , a politician during the early decades of the 20th century . "  The Y-word causes offense to many people , Jewish and non-Jewish , however it is intended , " said Rich . "  Its historic association with Mosley 's fascists and continued use by antisemites outside football mean that it has no place in football grounds or anywhere else . " Raymond Simonson , chief executive of the Jewish Community Center in London , says he has no problem with fellow Tottenham fans using the word , although he can not bring himself to say it out loud . He told CNN World Sport : "  I 've had that word spat at me in the street , had the word scrawled over my exercise book at school and been held up by the scruff of my neck and had that word shouted at me . "  That word has a lot of meaning for me and it 's the reason I ca n't say the word . "  The problems with words which have racist connotations is that it 's about context . "  When I go to football matches and I have to listen to fans , a minority mind you , hissing to make the sounds of the gas chambers , I do n't believe anybody can tell me the reason they do it is because some Spurs fans are singing a song about Jermain Defoe which rhymes with the " y " word . " Tottenham explained how the uses of the term by their fans was a "  defense mechanism " rather than a deliberate attempt to insult the Jewish community . "  Last season saw a number of incidents where fans were targeted by allegedly far-right activists on the continent and subjected to anti-Semitic abuse by opposition fans , " said a club spokesman . "  Subsequently , the debate on this issue has two key considerations . "  Firstly , whether or not its use now plays a role in deflecting or attracting unjustified abuse , abuse that is inexcusable on any grounds ; and secondly , whether it is liable to cause offense to others even if unintentionally . Our fans have themselves engaged in this debate following the events of last season . "  We recognize that this is a complex debate and that , in the interests of encouraging a positive and safe environment for all supporters , consideration should be given to the appropriateness and suitability of its continued use . "  We are already in the process of engaging with our fans and shall be consulting more widely in due course . " But Peter Herbert , chairman of the Society of Black Lawyers , believes Tottenham supporters must take more responsibility in tackling the issue . "  We 're not blaming Spurs fans , " he told CNN World Sport . "  But they have to take responsibility . Those same fans would not dare use that word on a Saturday afternoon outside the ground . You can not have an area of London which is ring fenced for racism or anti-Semitism . " In recent years , the FA has shown its sensitivity to the concerns of the English football 's Jewish community . The England national team paid a visit to the World War II concentration camp Auschwitz I in Berkanau ahead of the Euro 2012 tournament in Poland and Ukraine last year . In October , England manager Roy Hodgson will open the "  Four Four Jew " exhibition at the Jewish Museum London . The exhibition celebrates the Jewish community 's contribution to British football .	English football fans could face criminal charges for using an offensive term The Football Association is warned fans not to use the term "  yid " The word has been used by Jews and to insult them throughout history English Premier League club Tottenham Hotspur has a large Jewish fan base
CNN  -- A U.S. citizen has been kidnapped in the West African nation of Benin , a U.S. State Department official said Sunday . The official , who asked not to be named given the sensitivity of the situation , said that U.S. diplomatic officials are providing "  consular assistance " in the case . Authorities have not indicated when or under what circumstances the person was kidnapped , nor have they identified the abductee . "  Due to privacy considerations , we can not provide additional information , " the official said . The former French colony of Benin is a country of about 9 million people that has a small coastline on the Gulf of Guinea . "  The United States and Benin have had an excellent history of relations in the years since Benin embraced democracy " in 1990 , according to a U.S. State Department website .	U.S. diplomatic officials are providing "  consular assistance , " a U.S. official says It 's not clear when , where or why the person was abducted Benin is a country of about 9 million people in West Africa
CNN  -- A packed passenger bus tumbled into a river near the Peruvian city of Trujillo early Saturday , killing at least 33 people , state media reported , citing regional authorities . The bus was carrying 43 seated passengers , but there were many others standing in the aisle , leading authorities to believe the death toll might rise , according to ANDINA , the state-run news agency . Among the dead were many doctors and nurses , the agency reported . Photos from the scene showed the mangled wreckage of the red bus in the middle of small rapids on the rocky Moche River , flanked on either side by steep green slopes . The bus was heading from Huamacho to Trujillo when it went off the road and into the river , local police told ANDINA . Authorities believe the accident happened around 4:10 a.m.  5:10 a.m. ET  , the agency reported . Fiery multi-vehicle crash kills 36 in Nigeria 24 killed in South Africa bus crash Bus overturns killing 9 in Lebanon	The bus toppled off a mountain road and into a river , reports say The death toll may rise It happened early Saturday morning near the city of Trujillo
CNN  -- There is something innately messy about summer . The air 's more pungent , bodies are stickier , and people seem more willing to make a mess . That must be why some of the world 's filthiest festivals bide their time until the warmer months . Mud pack Glastonbury , which culminated Sunday , is the world 's biggest music festival . But it 's almost as renowned for its mud-splattered setting as it is the music -- indeed the festival is even credited with the invention of "  mud surfing " . Rain boots are de rigueur for the event 's 150,000 attendees , thanks in part to the U.K. 's typically soggy weather . This year was no different , with revelers arriving undeterred by the pouring rain . "  Sometimes , you 'll see a fairly innocuous-looking shortcut between some tents that no one else seems to be using , " recalls Rebecca Milford , a Glastonbury veteran . "  You get halfway in only to discover it 's actually a three-foot-deep mud hole . I was stuck for 30 minutes before some kind soul decided to pull me free . " iReport : Send us your best fireworks shots While celebrating muck is only incidental at Glastonbury , at the Boryeong Mud Festival in South Korea , sludge is the main event . The festival started in 1998 , when a local cosmetics company started making products using Boryeong mud -- which is highly regarded for its high mineral content . They launched the festival as a marketing initiative . It has since become one of the main events on the South Korean calendar , with over 2.6 million visitors attending last year . This year , festivities start July 19 . Prospective attendees can expect the usual mix of messy attractions , namely , mud fights , mud slides , mud baths , mud wrestling and a mud marathon . Food fights La Tomatina is perhaps the most famous gastronomy-themed gathering , though the celebrated produce in question  tomatoes  gets thrown , not eaten . Last year , 45,000 revelers joined the red riot in Buñol , Spain . Though the event has become increasingly well-known , veterans say there 's no preparing for the juicy onslaught . "  People start partying in the street and building themselves up into a frenzy . Then the trucks roll out and a mass of red shoots into the air . Next thing you know , you 're diving in there and face-washing strangers with tomatoes , " says Corey Kirkham , a guide with Top Deck Travel , which annually offers tours of the festival . Over 150,000 tomatoes get chucked during La Tomatina , and Kirkham says that a shower is n't always sufficient in washing away the remnants of the event . "  The next day you 're finding tomatoes everywhere , and still cleaning stuff out of various parts . " This year 's event is slated for August 28 , though for the first time there will be a limit on the number of participants . Only 20,000 will be allowed in , and those attending will need to procure tickets beforehand . Still , there are several other , less-known festivals dedicated to the art of food-throwing . On June 29 , thousands of winos gather in Haro , Spain , a small town in the Rioja region , to drench each other in reserve stocks of the area 's signature vino . The event is known as La Batalla del Vino , or the Wine Fight . According to the organizers , the festival dates back to the 13th century , and started as a land dispute that ended in some upended wine . To commemorate that first battle , attendees come armed with buckets , water pistols , wine skins , and various other receptacles to get things flowing . Toby Paramor has been organizing tours through Stoke Travel for four years . He notes that clean-up is n't always straight forward . "  You smell like wine for days , " he says . Any clothes you bring to the event will be stained eggplant by the end , so it 's best to consider anything worn on the day disposable . Body of work Sometimes , mess is merely the byproduct of a spectacular work of art . That 's doubly true when bodies are used in place of a canvas , as is the case at the World Bodypainting Festival in Pörtschach , Austria . The event , which kicked off July 1 , started as a small gathering 16 years ago with 20 artists showcasing their work . Today , 30,000 people attend yearly . Festival organizer Denise Molzbichler says the artwork has become more sophisticated , pulling in professional makeup artists from around the world . Models are n't merely painted  often with a sponge of airbrush  , but bedazzled , sculpted and adorned with elaborate headpieces . Prosthetics are also commonly used in crafting the type of fantastical characters usually reserved for a sci-fi epic . One of Molzbichler 's favorite examples , she says , was when an artist painted three separate models and posed them to look like a motorcycle . "  It was fascinating , because you could n't recognize where the people began and ended . All you saw was the motorcycle , " she recalls . Several bands play throughout the festival , though the art is definitely the key component . Molzbichler says she hopes the festival will help redefine how people view the practice . "  We want people to understand that body painting is an art form . It 's not just about coloring in some bodies , " she says .	Glastonbury , the world 's biggest music festival , is credited with inventing "  mud surfing " La Tomatina is probably the best known food-themed gathering This year , the event will be limited to 20,000 participants , with tickets on sale in advance At the annual World Bodypainting festival in Austria , artists paint models to resemble works of art
San Diego  CNN  -- If you want to save souls , first you need to put folks in the pews . It works the same way with libraries , which -- without patrons -- are just large and imposing buildings full of dust and unread books , begging to be shut down by local officials the next time budgets are awash in red ink . Still , even for those who would like to see libraries kept open , it 's worth asking : "  At what cost ? " Â Traditionalists are sure to be horrified at the news that , in a trend that seems to be growing in popularity , more and more public libraries in the United States are supplementing their supply of books on science , history and literature with video games and big-screen televisions . What 's wrong with this picture ? Those are the types of electronic gadgets that , we have long been told , distract people and prevent them from reading -- especially teenagers with short attention spans . So what are they doing inside an increasing number of public libraries in the United States ? It would seem that this is the last place they ought to be . The worldwide video game industry is projected to gobble up more than $ 70 billion by 2015 . Ca n't there be one refuge from this tidal wave , and should n't it be a library ? Maybe not . I admit that , when I first heard this story , my initial reaction was a wince . Call me old-fashioned . When I was a teenager , I liked spending time in arcades and in libraries , and yet I never confused the two venues . But the more I heard , the more supportive I became of libraries that go down this road . And I realized that this is just the normal evolution of the worlds of learning and entertainment . School for autistic adult teaches video game building Video games are part of an elaborate attempt to lure teenagers into a library , in the hopes that , before they leave , they might actually crack open a book -- or even , dare to dream , check one out . The games have to be age-appropriate , and some are even educational in nature . According to a study published last year in Library Journal , about 15 % of libraries in the United States now check out video games to anyone with a library card . And actual gaming within libraries themselves is believed to be far more common . Judging from some librarians who could n't be happier with the results , the strategy is working . Teenagers -- boys in particular -- are coming to the library . And , in those libraries that have video games , books are being checked out at a rate that exceeds what it was before the gamers arrived . It sounds counterintuitive , but what if it turns out that the best way to get teenagers to even step foot into a library is to sweeten the environment with a few digital gadgets . What 's the harm ? Testing touchscreen tables in classrooms Some might be uneasy with the concept , but what is new and different is n't necessarily wrong . Those who work in libraries can provide some context . They point out that , 20 years ago , the debate was over having CDs and VHS cassettes available for checkout . Ten years ago , it was over whether libraries should carry DVDs and install personal computers and provide patrons with access to the Internet . And now it 's about video games . Besides , it 's easy to criticize . But when was the last time any of these traditionalists even stepped foot in a library?Â When I was growing up in the 1970s , libraries were where you went to read books and research papers . They were a portal to new and exciting worlds , a pathway to adventure . Today , we do all that through electronic devices we can hold in the palm of our hand . Public libraries could soon become just another relic of the past , like the full-service gas station , the five-and-dime and the soda fountain in the corner drugstore . For those who love books and value learning , that 's a depressing scenario worth fighting with every available weapon , and every conceivable strategy . Game on ! The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Ruben Navarrette .	Ruben Navarrette : Libraries are offering video games to lure younger crowd He says traditionalists may view the move as libraries selling their soul With all the challenges libraries face , the games make sense , he says Navarrette : If games help prompt teens to read , that 's a key for survival of libraries
CNN  -- It used to be billy clubs , fire hoses and snarling German shepherds . Now it 's armored personnel carriers and flash-bang grenades . The weaponry has changed , but the target is still the same . If some of the photos from Ferguson last week were in black and white , you might confuse them with scenes from the 1950s south . White police officers beating black protestors . Young black men lying face down in the street with police officers standing over them with assault rifles . We have a long history of aggressively policing communities of color in America . Police have treated black and brown people like the enemy for decades . In that context , the recent events in Ferguson in the wake of Michael Brown 's shooting come as no surprise . But they go way beyond Ferguson . Complete coverage of Ferguson shooting and protests What we 're witnessing is the militarization of policing , and it has become commonplace in towns across America . Every year , the Departments of Defense , Homeland Security and Justice funnel billions ' worth of dollars and military equipment to state and local law enforcement agencies to help them amass arsenals of combat-ready weaponry , according to our report "  War Comes Home : The Excessive Militarization of American Policing . " Two of the armored vehicles patrolling St. Louis right now were purchased with these federal funds . An estimated 600 police departments have received Mine Resistant Ambush Protected vehicles , which are tanks built to withstand armor-piercing roadside bombs . In the years since the terror attacks on September 11 , 2001 , this sort of federal funding has only become more available for state and local police departments . We 're told that part of the impetus for the federal agencies is to get rid of surplus military equipment . But that 's certainly not the whole reason . At least one third of the wartime weapons flowing to state and local police departments are brand new . The better explanation is that the militarization of state and local police is a deliberate strategy funded by the federal government to aggressively fight the failed "  war on drugs . " As has always been true of the war on drugs , the battlegrounds are disproportionately in communities of color . This deliberate strategy explains why almost 80 % of the paramilitary raids we studied were to search homes  usually for drugs  ; why SWAT teams forced their way into people 's homes using military equipment like battering rams 60 % of the time ; and why they were 14 times more likely to deploy flash-bang grenades , originally invented to ambush wartime enemies , in drug raids than during SWAT raids for other purposes . And just has been true for decades , our police 's most aggressive tactics are doing disproportionate damage to communities of color . Overall , 54 % of people impacted by the paramilitary searches were people of color . Dumping weapons and equipment designed for overseas combat into local neighborhoods is only adding dangerous fuel to the fire of aggressive policing . It might be tempting to think that the brutal tactics we 've seen are the result of a few bad police officers . It might be comforting to think this is a fluke . And that might be partially true . But when the government arms cops like soldiers , trains them in counter-insurgency tactics , tells them they are fighting an enemy , we should expect this type of combustive , tragic result . But that does n't mean we should accept the status quo . We need to change it . It 's time for Congress to rein in its support for programs like the Department of Defense 's 1033 program that allows the Pentagon to dole out weapons and stop the Departments of Justice and Homeland Security from handing out cash to police departments . Cutting this funding is part of a larger recognition that aggressively fighting the war on drugs has failed to abate drug use and instead done incredible damage to communities . The federal government must recognize that the funding currently going toward this war can and should be spent on more effective interventions like drug and mental health treatment and housing . Concurrently , state and local governments should constrain the ability of law enforcement to raid people 's homes and police neighborhoods using wartime weapons and tactics . Part of the reason this has n't happened yet is that many people were simply unaware of how militarized our police have become . The events in Ferguson should dispel any illusions people may have about that . It 's time for the federal government to stop financing a siege on communities of color .	Kara Dansky : The militarization of policing has become commonplace across America Dansky : That police departments receive surplus military weapons is not whole story She says the federal government has been trying to fight the failed War on Drugs Dansky : This deliberate strategy negatively impact communities of color the most
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council discussed Friday a resolution introduced by Morocco that calls on Syrian President Bashar al-Assad to step down and transfer power to his vice president . The resolution also supports "  full implementation " of the Arab League report on Syria that called on Syria to form a unity government within two months but stopped short of supporting military intervention . The Arab League report was released about a month after it sent observers into Syria . Arab League Secretary-General Nabil el-Araby and Qatar 's Prime Minister Sheikh Hamad bin Jassim al-Thani , are expected to brief the council Tuesday about the observer mission 's findings . When asked whether that briefing would lead to a vote next week , France 's U.N. Envoy Gerard Araud responded with just one word : "  Inshallah , " or "  God willing " in Arabic . British Ambassador Mark Lyall Grant said a vote could be held as soon as Wednesday on the text . "  It was quite clear that there was very strong support in the Security Council this afternoon for the text that was introduced by Morocco . " The next step is a meeting of experts from the missions of the 15 countries on the Security Council , on Monday afternoon . The Security Council has been unable to agree on any resolution on Syria . In October , Russia and China issued a rare double-veto of a resolution that lacked sanctions but would have condemned the violence in Syria . This latest draft also lacks sanctions , but is tougher than the October version , which said nothing about transfer of power . The draft resolution , obtained by CNN , calls on al-Assad to hand over authority to his deputy and calls for the formation of a national unity government . The draft gives Syria 15 days to comply or risk the adoption of further measures . Advocates of a resolution -- especially Britain , France , and Germany -- hope that a stark briefing from the Arab League will be enough to persuade Russia not to use its veto power . After Friday 's meeting , Russian U.N. Envoy Vitaly Churkin said , "  I just can not see the draft which we saw today as a basis of a possible outcome . But we will continue to engage with the sponsors of this resolution . " He said there were some red lines that he would not allow the Security Council to cross . "  The red lines include any indication of sanctions , " he said . "  The red lines included any sort of imposition of arms embargo , because we know how in real life , arms embargo means that you supply weapons to illegal groups but you can not supply weapons to the government . We can not accept that . Unfortunately the draft which we saw today did not ignore our red lines but also added some new elements which we find unacceptable as a matter of principle . " He went on to say that those added things included the idea of imposing a political outcome . This week , the Russian ambassador to the United States accused the United States and Europe of trying to turn a Security Council resolution on Syria into an "  anti-al-Assad " resolution , a step that , he argued , could "  be a recipe for disaster . " Araud was sanguine : "  Frankly , I do n't think it will be too difficult to reach an agreement , " he told reporters . And German Ambassador Peter Wittig said world body must take action . "  Let 's seize this window of opportunity that we have . " But Syrian Ambassador Bashar Ja'afari was dismissive of his colleagues . "  Some of these ambassadors who have been entrusted by the so-called international community to maintain peace and security in the world through their important role in the Security Council have chosen to undermine peace and security in the world -- following their narrow strategic and geopolitical interests , " he said . "  They deal with us as if we are a former colony -- that we should subjugate ourselves to their will . They are wrong and they will be disappointed . " He continued , "  Syria will not be Libya ; Syria will not be Iraq ; Syria will not be Somalia ; Syria will not be a failing state . " CNN 's Jill Dougherty and Elise Labott contributed to this story .	Draft resolution calls on al-Assad to step down , transfer power to vice president It also calls for formation of a national unity government Draft gives Syria 15 days to comply or risk further measures
Bad weather around Nepal 's iconic Mount Everest has stranded more than 1,500 trekkers in the area of a town near the mountain . Aircraft have been unable to fly in or out of the airport in Lukla , where supplies are limited , according to the U.S. Embassy in Katmandu . "  Stranded tourists may wish to consider the option of trekking down to Jiri , where bus transportation to Kathmandu is available . The Government of Nepal does not plan to evacuate tourists to Kathmandu at this time , " the U.S. Embassy said in a statement late last week . Lukla , located in northeast Nepal , is a popular starting point for people on their way to the world 's tallest peak . Tourists have been stranded there since Tuesday , according to the Xinhua news agency . "  We have our flights on stand-by . As soon as the weather visibility improves , our teams are ready for rescue , " said Nepal Army Brigadier General Ramindra Chhetri , Xinhua reported .	The U.S. Embassy in Katmandu says more than 1,500 trekkers are stranded Aircraft have been unable to fly in or out of Lukla Supplies in the remote town are limited , the embassy says
CAIRO , Egypt  CNN  -- There 's more to wearing the "  niqab " -- the austere , all-covering veil favored by ultra-religious Muslim women -- than meets the eye . Cairo University students wearing niqab stand outside a university dormitory on Oct. 7 unable to enter due to the new rules preventing admission to niqab wearers . A recent declaration by a leading Egyptian cleric that women will not be allowed to wear the niqab in university areas frequented only by women has sparked demonstrations by female students in Cairo determined to wear the all-encompassing veil wherever they go . Egypt 's Al-Azhar university , the highest seat of Sunni Islam , recently convened an all-male committee to rule on what women can wear at Egypt 's public universities . The Shaikh of Al-Azhar , Shaikh Tantawi , announced after the meeting that a ban on the niqab , also known as the burqa , would apply to such university areas as female dormitories and all-women classes . Do you think Muslim women should wear the niqab ? Tell us below in the SoundOff box Even though that was a step down from a statement he made earlier that the niqab would be banned in all public universities , his ruling sparked controversy with the growing number of women in the country who choose to stay covered . The initiative from Al-Azhar is seen by many in Egypt as an attempt to counter the growing appeal of the strictest interpretations of Islam . An increasing number of young women in Egypt are turning to the niqab . The niqab is worn by many Muslim women throughout the Arab world and beyond and is most common in the countries of Saudi Arabia , Yemen , Bahrain , Kuwait , Qatar , Oman and the United Arab Emirates . It is also commonly worn in Pakistan . "  The niqab should be worn under two circumstances , " a cleaning lady who works at Al-Azhar , told CNN recently . "  A very beautiful woman should wear it to prevent men from fighting over her , and an ugly woman should wear it to hide her face . " There is no consensus among Muslim scholars regarding the wearing of the niqab , the piece of cloth that covers a Muslim woman 's face . Women who wear it usually also cover their hands . It is widely believed to be a tradition that comes from the Arabian peninsula , introduced to more liberal countries like Egypt by people who have lived and worked in ultra-conservative countries like Saudi Arabia . There 's not much about it in the Koran , Muslim 's holy book . The Koranic verse that applies to female head covering translates loosely as : "  O Prophet ! Tell your wives and your daughters and the women of the believers to draw their cloaks all over their bodies . " And so consequently , there are plenty of interpretations . And all sorts of opinions in the Egyptian parliament . The opposition-led Muslim Brotherhood opposes the niqab ban . "  It 's unacceptable that the niqab is treated as something bad that needs to be suppressed , " Brotherhood member of parliament Muhamed Baltagi told CNN . "  It 's unacceptable to violate private matters in this way . " In Baltagi 's opinion , it 's a matter of personal choice and should not be dictated by the shaikh of Al-Azhar . Appointed by the president of Egypt , the shaikh of Al-Azhar is viewed as little more than an appendage of the authoritarian Egyptian government , and thus scorned as a state puppet by both religious and secular critics of the regime . Since the 1960s the shaikh of Al-Azhar has been appointed by the Egyptian president . In Europe , wearing the niqab has become a controversial issue too . Recently , French President Nicolas Sarkozy banned it from French classrooms . And British Justice Minister Jack Straw also recently asked women to remove them in his consituency office . In Cairo 's main shopping district , the message on the niqab is decidedly mixed . The few niqabs on display are vastly outnumbered by far more risque outfits , including no shortage of mannequins sporting evening dressings with plunging necklines and naked arms . There are a few niqabs on display , but lots of less conservative clothing is on the shelves too . Outside Cairo University , some women go without any head covering at all . Most wear headscarves -- usually quite colorful ones . Those who choose to wear the niqab say the religious scholars should have asked a woman what she thought of the ban first . "  He should have taken at least one woman 's opinion , " said student Muna Abdel Fatah . "  Because the decision will impact on her . " Daniela Deane contributed to this story .	Recent ban on wearing the all-encompassing veil sparked demonstrations Ban of the veil , known as the "  niqab , " seen by many as attempt to counter extremism Increasing number of young Muslim women want to cover themselves No consensus among Muslim scholars on covering up
CNN  In a tragic echo of the catastrophic events in Haiti in 2010 , a powerful earthquake struck one of the poorest nations on Earth today . The latest estimates from seismologists put the magnitude at 7.9 , which would actually makes it about 40 % larger than the 7.8 currently being reported . That 's less than half the size of the previous major event nearby in 1934 , which killed around 10,000 people . Unfortunately , it is quite possible the number of dead in Kathmandu could rise to match it . We knew this disaster was coming eventually . Geophysicists have long monitored how fast the Earth 's plates are moving , and we know that the entire subcontinent of India is being driven slowly but surely underneath Nepal and Tibet at a speed of around 1.8 inches per year . It 's the reason Everest exists . Latest updates on Nepal earthquake Over millions of years , the squeezing has crushed the Himalayas like a concertina , raising mountains to heights of several miles and triggering earthquakes on a regular basis from Pakistan to Burma . Saturday 's quake was neither unusual nor unexpected , although it was larger than most . In the 81 years since the 1934 Bihar earthquake , the land mass of India has been pushed about 12 feet into Nepal . Think of all that movement getting stored in a giant spring lying under Nepal . The spring is stuck on a broad , rough surface which we call a fault plane  a fault line is what we see when it emerges from the ground  . Fallen : Nepal 's historic landmarks Sometimes , energy stored in the spring gets big enough to slip catastrophically , releasing all that pent-up strain and generating shaking strong enough to destroy buildings and kill people over a huge area . The bigger the area that slips , and the larger the pent-up energy , the greater the damage . Saturday 's slip took place over an area about 1,000 to 2,000 square miles over a zone spanning the cities of Kathmandu and Pokhara in one direction , and almost the entire Himalaya mountain width in the other . A part of India slid about one to 10 feet northwards and underneath Nepal in a matter of seconds . We have this kind of detailed data thanks to major advances in seismology over recent years . Using measurements of shaking recorded on seismometers scattered across the world and sent in near or real time to agencies like the U.S. Geological Survey and to universities such as Columbia , we can infer the location and magnitude of a big earthquake very quickly . Avalanches hamper Everest rescue efforts Not just that : we can now estimate the pattern and speed of rapid sliding across its fault surface . What used to take months of careful academic study now takes minutes of computation . In Haiti in 2010 , although the earthquake was more than 20 times weaker than Saturday 's , well over 100,000 people are thought to have been killed around Port-au-Prince by the shaking and its after-effects . Yet despite some differences , the Nepal and Haiti earthquakes also share similarities -- both geological events were known to be approaching , and both struck areas afflicted by widespread poverty , rapid increases in population in urban areas , uncoordinated changes in building infrastructure and lack of adherence to improved building codes . About 1.45 million people live in Kathmandu , the majority in poorly constructed homes not designed to withstand the kind of shaking seen on Saturday . Nepal has a per capita income of around $ 1,350 , only a notch above that of Haiti , and among the lowest in the world . Meeting building codes in new construction , or taking on expensive retrofitting , is way beyond the means of most . To make matters worse , the valley itself appears to focus the destructive shaking of earthquake waves . Studies have long predicted that the Kathmandu area was due a magnitude-8 earthquake , or higher -- one study predicted between 21,000 and 42,000 fatalities if a magnitude-8 .1 earthquake had struck the area .  Fortunately , Saturday 's shaking was half that intensity  . Still , this catastrophe comes at a delicate time for Nepal as it emerges from a long-running civil war and its economy has been improving steadily . We have to hope that recovery from both can somehow take place despite the enormous challenges ahead .	A magnitude-7 .8 earthquake struck Nepal on Saturday Colin Stark : We knew this disaster would come
Every December , foreign correspondents in China go through the rigmarole of renewing press cards and visas , which typically run out at the end of the year . This time around , Chinese authorities held up renewing the credentials of roughly two dozen Bloomberg and New York Times reporters after the two American news outfits published muckraking stories about the wealth of the families of top Chinese leaders . Without renewed press cards , they could not renew their Chinese visas . Without the visas , reporters and their families would be forced to leave China . "  5 Days Till Visa Expiry , " New York Times reporter Andrew Jacobs , tweeted on Tuesday . TIMELINE : Journalists under pressure "  Do you think hauling all my stuff to gates of the Foreign Ministry holding a tag sale will get their attention ? " After a tense wait , all Bloomberg reporters and some of the New York Times reporters picked up their renewed press cards on Thursday . "  We are in contact with Chinese officials and remain hopeful that our resident journalists in the country will be issued visas that will allow them to continue to work there , " New York Times spokesperson , Emily Murphy , told me by email . This is a welcome development , but to fellow reporters in China that 's a small consolation . "  So we 've come down to this , " said Newsweek correspondent Melinda Liu . "  We rejoice over something that used to be routine . " Working as a foreign correspondent in China sounds glamorous and rewarding , and quite often it is . We cover landmark events , interview fascinating personalities and travel to exotic places . But , as the visa controversy shows , it also involves a lot of hard work and hassles -- China ranks 173 out of 179 countries for press freedom , according to Reporters Without Borders . Early frustrations When I was just cutting my teeth as a foreign correspondent in the 1980s , the rules and regulations were so tight that it was difficult to get access to people and travel outside of Beijing . Many places were not accessible to foreigners . A lot of information was deemed "  neibu " , or for internal consumption only . A story done in one afternoon in most other beats would take weeks of waiting and gestation in China . The protracted process often lead to unsatisfying results -- and frustrations . Doing an enterprise story then was difficult and dangerous . I remember doing a story for TIME magazine in the late 1980s . We traveled to rural Renshou county , Sichuan Province to follow up on reports of farmers rioting over local corruption . Just minutes after we had started interviewing a group of farmers gathered in a home , three men in civilian clothes barged in and started to ask who we were and why we were there . We cut short our interview and hopped into our rented car . The local driver was as scared as I was . "  Those people can be ruthlessly violent , " he told me . Technically , such reporting trips violated China 's "  10-day rule " , which required foreign journalists to secure permission from local "  waiban "  foreign affairs office  10 days in advance before we could conduct reporting outside our home base in Beijing or Shanghai . Whenever we were caught doing so , Chinese authorities gave us verbal reprimands or asked us to write "  self-criticisms . " China is changing To be sure , the working conditions for foreign reporters have significantly improved compared to 1982 , when I started my career as a China correspondent . China has allowed more reporters into the country , allowing expanded coverage about varied , lighter aspects of Chinese life . In 1977 , one year after Chairman Mao Zedong 's death , there were only 39 foreign reporters in China . The number increased to about 100 when my China role began five years later . Now , our ranks have expanded to nearly 700 working for 441 news outlets from 59 countries , mostly based in Beijing and Shanghai . We used to be focused on human rights issues and politics . Now we report on a gamut of themes -- health , finance , Internet and fashion among them . Over the years the restrictions have loosened , especially right before the 2008 Olympics when China rescinded the 10-day rule . We still face problems , especially in the provinces where officials have vested interests and narrow ways of viewing things . To them , foreign journalists -- and our reporting -- can create trouble for them , especially when we expose wrongdoings and abuses . Local officials need to be told that the new normal is to allow us to conduct interviews and photo shoots freely . They need to understand how foreign journalists operate , why we do things a certain way , why we need information promptly and accurately . To be fair , there are many Chinese officials I know who subscribe to this new mindset and have been trying hard to shake things up or do things differently . Some of them are quite frustrated with the result of their efforts . "  Too much negativity , " complains one . "  We have tried hard to give access to foreign journalists but their stories still end up negative . We do n't expect them to report like Chinese journalists but we hope they will be just objective and even-handed . " I hope these officials will keep pushing forward , instead of backward . It will show a measure of self-confidence and will push China closer to the international norms and standards of media management . Important future role Indeed although it 's a lot easier now serving as a foreign correspondent there 's still much to be desired . In a year-end statement , the Foreign Correspondents ' Club of China noted "  a number of negative trends over the past year . " Their list includes : -- denial of visa to Paul Mooney , a long-time reporter known for his reporting on human rights ; -- new rules that stipulate the police may take a maximum of 15 business days to process visas , which means that reporters can not leave the country during this period ; and -- spontaneous designation of locations , such as Tiananmen Square , where special permission is said to be required to film or report . Meanwhile , censorship continues . Web sites containing material considered sensitive by the Chinese government are often blocked . Cable television channels such as CNN and the BBC are closely monitored and sensitive topics are routinely blacked out . We , as media , must also remain vigilant against self-censorship . I feel little personal risk as a reporter , but our biggest concern remains the protection of sources who are usually more vulnerable to the government 's control . None of us wish to land them in jail . China is a crucial news beat for CNN and our audience . As the country evolves into a freer , more pluralistic society , the importance of covering China in all its many facets will only grow . There is a lot about the country , its people and culture our audience wants to know . However , we can not talk about the world 's most populous country -- and the world 's second biggest economy -- while avoiding inconvenient issues and unpleasant subjects . As journalists , we are bearers of news , both good and bad . We just ask : do n't shoot the messenger .	Two dozen China journalists in tense wait for reporting visas after controversial stories Reporting from China both rewarding and frustrating , says Jaime FlorCruz Journalist working conditions have improved since 1980s Challenges remain as China 's importance in global news coverage increases
