A proposal to let rich donors give more money to political parties - slipped behind closed doors into a huge government spending bill -- is the latest in a string of setbacks for restrictions on money in politics and will be a "  disaster for the American people , " according to good government groups . Campaign finance reform advocate Fred Wertheimer called the provision a "  great deal " for millionaires and billionaires who can buy influence through big dollar contributions and for the politicians seeking them . Related : Congress reaches spending deal The $ 1.1 trillion spending bill , which would fund most of the government until next September , includes provisions that will allow donors to give a lot more money to Republicans and Democrats to help fund conventions , building projects and legal proceedings like recounts . Rather than facing the current cap of $ 32,400 , donors would be able to give up to $ 777,600 each year to funds and committees run by the parties or their campaign arms . That means individuals could give $ 1,555,200 per two-year election cycle and couples could give $ 3,110,400 in a cycle , according to several campaign finance groups who have studied the legislative language . "  If this passes it will be the most corrupting campaign finance provisions ever enacted in the history of the country , " said Wertheimer , whose non-partisan group Democracy 21 has sent a letter to members of Congress urging them to vote against the bill . "  The campaign finance laws have been left in shambles first by the Supreme Court and then potentially by the Congress if this becomes law . " Related : Here 's what 's tucked in the spending bill Watchdog groups see the move to chip away at the limits placed on donors as the latest step in a slow unraveling of the campaign finance rules put in place by landmark legislation like the McCain-Feingold bill . Known formally as the Bipartisan Campaign Reform Act of 2002 , the legislation , among other things , limited how much individuals and corporations could donate to national parties . But in its April decision in McCutcheon v. FEC , the Supreme Court struck down limits on the overall campaign contributions individual donors can make to candidates , political parties and political action committees . That decision followed the court 's 2010 Citizens United ruling that the First Amendment allowed unlimited independent political expenditures by corporations , labor unions and certain nonprofit advocacy groups . Citizens United opened the floodgates to massive corporate spending in elections and these latest provisions would be a step in that direction when it comes to individual donors . The fear is that allowing more big money in politics places more power in the hands of big donors , effectively taking it away from individual voters . David Donnelly , the president of the pro-campaign finance reform organization Every Voice , said Americans who care about everything from taxes to the high cost of college to clean air and water should care about changes to campaign finance rules , because Congress plays a role in all of those areas . "  Every single one of those decisions is impacted by money in politics , " he said . "  It 's about who does Congress work for and Congress right now is changing the rules so that they are going to work even more than they are today for the wealthy and well connected . " Wertheimer said if the language makes it to President Obama 's desk , he should veto it to avoid enabling the campaign scandals that are sure to follow . Lisa Gilbert , Director of Public Citizen 's Congress Watch Division , agreed that the administration should make campaign finance reform a veto issue to send a message to the new Congress . "  This is a pretty scary foreshadowing of what 's going to be on -LSB- Sen. Mitch -RSB- McConnell 's list of to dos in the next Congress and certainly dismantling the campaign finance system is high on his priority list , " Gilbert said . McConnell filed a friend of the court brief in the McCutcheon case that the argued overall limit placed individual contributions "  offends the First Amendment . " "  Contribution limits restrict the rights of speech and association of both the contributor and the recipient of the contribution , " he wrote . Meredith McGehee , policy director at The Campaign Legal Center , a non-partisan organization that analyzes campaign finance laws , said she hopes there are enough provisions in the bill that raise the ire of enough Democrats and Republicans to stop it , otherwise it candidates will now be in the business of asking for even larger donations than they already are . While the new language would not change the limits on contributions to individual candidates , it is often the politicians themselves who solicit donations on behalf of their party committees . "  What you 're now doing , if this provision goes into effect , is putting candidates out there soliciting for contributions of $ 1 million plus and that 's the nexus for these contributors ; they want the credit , " said McGehee . "  They are businessmen . This is a return on investment . " The House is expected to vote on the bill Thursday , but Democrats in Congress have already raised alarms about the provision , with Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi saying it "  would work to drown out the voices of the American people and massively expand the role of big money in our elections . " House Speaker John Boehner argued that these and other provisions were "  worked out in a bipartisan , bicameral fashion or they would n't be in the bill . " One campaign finance reform advocate noted that if these provisions become law , mega-donors who would have maxed out on individual contributions will have to hold onto their seats in the face of a flood of new "  asks " from politicians and parties .	Political donors will be able to give a lot more money to political parties if a massive spending bill passes Congress this week Provisions were tucked into the bill during closed-door negotiations
CNN  -- The co-owner of a supply company . An insurance broker . The director of housing preservation and development . A sales broker . A probation officer . A high school teacher . A computer systems analyst . They are seven guys headed to the Baltimore-Cleveland NFL game on Thursday night . At the beginning of the week it did n't look like they 'd make it . But thanks to a new contract with the NFL , veteran officials will work the game . Those seven men have a second , part-time job as NFL officials . Referee Gene Steratore and his six officials have been given the assignment of replacing the replacement refs , whose three weeks during the regular season produced many memorable moments , the kind that made fans and players actually wish for the old officials to come back . Goodell apologizes to fans But it 's not like the 121 NFL officials who had been locked out of the league were just sitting on the couch all day . Most officials have a primary job , though a few are retired . And what they really do for a living varies from airline pilot to claims adjuster to sporting goods store owner to educator . One of the NFL 's best known referees , Ed Hochuli , a partner at a law firm in Phoenix , told ESPN 's John Clayton earlier this month that officials often spend as many as 30 hours a week during the season at their part-time gigs . Factor in travel to games and meetings and it can be as many as 50 hours , said Hank Zaborniak , who was a fill-in official during the lockout . SI : NFL 's most embarrassing moments They watch film for hours , have to take a weekly rules test and read what are called case books -- thick binders full of plays that give guidance on rules . And there 's also conditioning . SI : Hochuli gives inside peek at typical play There are 17 crews in the NFL , so weekends like this , when four teams have the week off , there are only 15 games . The crews that do n't work do n't get paid . And it can be a very hard job to get . A quick scan of the 2012 roster of officials showed there are no rookies , and only 21 officials had five years or fewer of NFL experience . Most have been in the league for 10 years or more . Line judge Tom Barnes is in his 27th season . According to the league 's website , applicants need to have 10 years of officiating experience , five of which must be above the high school level . The career path generally is work as a high school official , get some big game assignments , get hired by a college league and apply for an NFL position . And wait for the call . Points of contention in negotiations For Zaborniak , it never worked out despite 15 years in with the Big Ten and 12 years at lower-division leagues . Work had something to do with that . He has been assistant commissioner at the Ohio High School Athletic Association for 17 years . For Steratore it did work out . A former college quarterback , he told the New York Times that he jumped into football officiating in 1983 and spent time as a Big East official . Eventually he was hired by the NFL in 2003 as a field judge and became a referee three years later . He also officiates college basketball , the only NFL referee to do so . So he 's very used to being in the spotlight , being booed and jeered . On Thursday night , he and his six co-workers will be back at their second jobs , and for a change , there probably will be some cheers in the air . SI 's Don Banks : Pressure is on for real refs	For most NFL officials , this is their weekend job It 's a hard profession to break into with only 121 spots Most start out officiating high school games NFL wants applicants to have 10 years ' experience
CNN Student News  -- September 24 , 2014 With the U.S. at war with ISIS , today 's show begins by focusing on this week 's airstrikes in Syria and the groups that were targeted . The downing of a Syrian fighter jet in Israeli airspace underscores how Syria 's civil war could affect neighboring countries . And California 's wildfire season threatens to be the worst in recorded history . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript and a place for you to request to be on the CNN Student News Roll Call . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show . ROLL CALL For a chance to be mentioned on the next CNN Student News , comment on the bottom of this page with your school name , mascot , city and state . We will be selecting schools from the comments of the previous show . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call ! Thank you for using CNN Student News !	This page includes the show Transcript Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary At the bottom of the page , comment for a chance to be mentioned on CNN Student News . You must be a teacher or a student age 13 or older to request a mention on the CNN Student News Roll Call .
Decatur , Texas  CNN  -- Colorado authorities are working to determine whether a high-speed chase Thursday involving a man who shot repeatedly at law enforcement officers in Texas is related to this week 's shooting death of Tom Clements , Colorado 's prison chief . The chase and crash occurred in north Texas , about 700 miles from where Clements was killed Tuesday night . It began around 11 a.m. CT  noon ET  in Montague County , where the driver of a black Cadillac shot at a law enforcement officer who had pulled him over in a traffic stop , said Wise County , Texas , Sheriff David Walker . Two bullets struck the Montague County deputy , who was wearing a bulletproof vest , in the chest and another grazed his head before he managed to call in help , said the sheriff . He is in serious condition at a Dallas-Fort Worth area hospital . This incident was followed by a high-speed chase that ended around 30 miles away in Decatur , Texas . That 's where city police tried to pull him over , and the Cadillac 's driver fled and started shooting at officers . The suspect shot one patrol vehicle and that of Decatur police Chief Rex Hoskins , whose car was parked in the median . "  I would say he was running about 100 mph , and he had his left arm out the window and he was just shooting , " Hoskins said . Soon after that , the man turned his Cadillac onto another road and slammed into an 18-wheel truck , according to Walker . Even with the front of his car crushed , the suspect -- who has not been publicly identified -- got out and resumed shooting . He did not shoot any responding officers in the Wise County exchange , but was shot himself . After being kept alive on machines for some time , the suspect died Thursday evening , according to Walker . Colorado media and national wire services identified the man killed in the Texas chase and shooting as Evan Ebel , a 28-year-old parolee in the Denver metropolitan area . On Thursday night , the El Paso County Sheriff 's Office issued a statement mentioning Evan Spencer Ebel had been named in a Denver Post report citing unnamed federal and state authorities , then sharply criticized such an anonymous disclosure as "  disappointing " and saying it "  undermines an active investigation and can have a negative impact on any future prosecution . " CNN has not been able to independently confirm the identity of the man killed in Texas . The Cadillac had two different Colorado license plates -- one on the front and the other on the back -- said Hoskins . A law enforcement official said Thursday that authorities are "  are taking a strong look " at whether Thursday 's incident and Clements ' shooting are linked . "  Colorado is sending ... investigators that are working on that case and other homicide cases in the Colorado area , " Walker said . Denver police , noting that they 've been working closely with colleagues in nearby Golden , tweeted Thursday evening there is "  a strong connection with the Texas case " and another Colorado homicide and that its investigators are heading to Texas . Golden police report the two police departments are together investigating the March 17 shooting death of a 27-year-old pizza delivery man . Nathan Collin Leon disappeared from work in Denver and was found dead in Golden . Saudi national 's case considered in probe The Texas incident comes the same day that Colorado investigators said they were looking closely at one criminal of the thousands that Clements ' oversaw in the state 's prison system -- a Saudi national named Homaidan al-Turki . El Paso County , Colorado , Undersheriff Paula Presley on Thursday acknowledged the media speculation over al-Turki , who was convicted of sexually assaulting his housemaid at his Aurora , Colorado , home seven years ago . Earlier this month , Clements denied al-Turki 's request to serve the remainder of his Colorado prison sentence in Saudi Arabia , records show . Investigators , she said , are still trying to determine whether "  there may have been some motivation or legitimate threat " related to al-Turki 's case , adding that "  we have not identified that specifically as a threat . " Al-Turki , now at the Limon Correctional Facility , was sentenced to 20 years to life in prison after being convicted on a dozen counts of sexual contact , theft , extortion and false imprisonment in 2006 , a state document shows . Prosecutors said he enslaved his Indonesian maid for several years . At the request of the U.S. ambassador to Saudi Arabia , Colorado Attorney General John Suthers traveled to Riyadh in 2006 to meet with King Abdullah , other Saudi officials and the al-Turki family to discuss the case . Clements explained in a March 11 letter to al-Turki that he was turning down his transfer request because al-Turki had refused to go through sex offender treatment , as required by law . "  To date you have reportedly declined due to religious reasons/conflicts with your Islamic faith , " Clements wrote . The letter also notes that on February 25 , 2011 , al-Turki 's sentence was reduced to six years to life . Read the full letter CNN has not received a response to its requests for comment from al-Turki 's lawyers . In light of the renewed attention on his case , al-Turki was removed this week from the rest of his prison 's population , according to the state 's department of corrections . Late prisons chief described as ` amazing man ' Clements had been chief of Colorado 's prison system for a little over two years . He took the job in January 2011 after working for 31 years as part of Missouri 's Department of Corrections . In his time in Colorado , he 'd made a big impression . "  He was an amazing man , an amazing man , " Alison Morgan , spokeswoman for Colorado 's Department of Corrections , said Thursday . "  An inspirational leader . " He was killed around 8:45 p.m. MT  10:45 p.m. ET  Tuesday , as he answered the door of his Monument , Colorado , home . Since then , investigators had said they knew very little about who might have pulled the trigger . Some witnesses , though , said they saw a man driving a vehicle -- possibly a Lincoln Continental or a two-door Cadillac -- away from the neighborhood a short time after the shooting . Others reported seeing a black , boxy vehicle with its engine running but no one inside on Clements ' street . Asked Thursday whether the prison chief 's killing may have been a professional hit , Presley from the El Paso County , Colorado , Sheriff 's Office said , "  We do n't have any specific information that would lead us to that . " The central Colorado county sheriff office 's major crimes unit has received more than 100 solid tips about the incident , including a growing number of witnesses describing a black car then in the area . Meanwhile , the mourning continues for Clements . His funeral will be held Sunday , Gov. John Hickenlooper 's office said , and he 'll be remembered at a public memorial service in Colorado Springs the next day . Read the latest news on CNN.com CNN 's Ed Lavandera reported from Decatur , Texas , and Greg Botelho wrote this story from Atlanta . CNN 's Jim Spellman , Ashley Fantz , Carma Hassan , Joe Sutton , Carol Cratty , Casey Wian and Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Denver police cite "  strong connection " between Texas case , another homicide A man leads law enforcement on a chase , shoots at officers in north Texas The Cadillac driver dies after being shot ; a sheriff 's deputy is injured , authorities say Authorities say this man may be linked to the shooting death of Colorado 's state prisons chief
CNN  -- Ever watched a movie and wished that was your life -- or at least your vacation ? Now it can be , just as long as your fantasies involve Finland . Over-the-top dreams-to-reality filmmaking is the latest luxury travel offering to come out of the Nordic nation . Called "  The Hollywood Experience , " the custom-designed travel concept was created by Janne Honkanen , owner of high-end travel company Luxury Action . The concept goes like this : the client comes up with a "  literary or visual narrative " that serves as a script for his or her "  Hollywood movie . " This could be parents who want to travel with their children to Santa 's workshop in the North Pole . Or a "  Bourne " fan who wants his own car chase caught on video . Or a "  Chronicles of Narnia " reader who 'd love to step into the Hundred-Year Winter . Personalized epics The company arranges the on-site production and movie shoot , as well as the final edit incorporating visual or sound effects . "  My returning clients are always looking for something upgraded and more personalized , " says Honkanen about how the concept came about . "  These busy business people have dreams and want to offer something unique to their family and children . " Honkanen says was inspired by his previous career in professional racing  snowmobiles in winter , jet skis in summer  and his own experience of turning a whimsical idea into reality -- he opened a chocolate shop after watching the Johnny Depp/Juliette Binoche film "  Chocolat . " Despite its name , the package is more about the travel aspect than the film component , which is optional , says Honkanen . Fulfilling a fantasy does n't come cheaply though . The custom design work , planning and script costs â ‚ ¬ 20,000  $ 26,800  per week to put together -- with a minimum one-week requirement . The cost of the shoot and edit are extra . Still , at least you can guarantee yourself a happy ending .	Finnish company offers to turn scripted fantasies into Hollywood movie-style vacations Travelers can play out their own Narnia or Jason Bourne-style adventures Luxury Action captures the experience on camera and edits it into a high quality film
The weddings have happened -- but will they count ? A day after a federal judge struck down a Michigan state amendment restricting marriage to between one man and one woman , gay and lesbian couples lined up Saturday to make their unions official . "  We never thought that we 'd see this day , " said Ann Watson , who wed her partner of more than 23 years . "  In that sense , it 's amazing . " Watson -- who works for Turner Broadcasting System , an entity that includes CNN -- and her partner were one of 57 couples to get same-sex marriage licenses in Ingham County , according to county clerk Barb Byrum . Byrum , a Democrat elected to the county clerk post , said that she personally performed 30 ceremonies in Mason . "  Today was an awesome day , " Byrum tweeted . Not all county clerks followed suit by taking the abnormal step of opening up their offices on a weekend . But there were a few others , such as in Oakland County , according to CNN affiliate WDIV . There , in Pontiac , Frank Colasonti and James Ryder arrived early for the chance to marry after 26 years together . Colasonti told WDIV that "  we wanted to get married as soon as possible " in the wake of the court ruling issued late Friday afternoon . Their motivation was simple : "  We love each other , and we want to make sure that we protect each other . " As to being among the first gay couples married in Michigan , Colasonti said , "  It 's historic , and we 're glad we 're a part of it . And we are just happy . " There 's a chance that their marriage could be among the last , too . Michigan Attorney General Bill Schuette , a Republican whose term expires later this year , announced on Friday evening he 'd filed an emergency request for U.S. District Judge Bernard Friedman 's order to be stayed and appealed . "  In 2004 , the citizens of Michigan recognized that diversity in parenting is best for kids and families because moms and dads are not interchangeable , " Schuette said . "  Michigan voters enshrined that decision in our state constitution , and their will should stand and be respected . " The U.S. Court of Appeals for the Sixth Circuit issued an order Saturday to temporarily stay through at least Wednesday the decision by Friedman . In its brief order , the court explained that it did so "  to allow a more reasoned consideration of the motion to stay . " Earlier , the same court had said that those opposed to Schuette 's request have until noon Tuesday to respond . It 's not immediately clear what will happen , then , with the same-sex marriages that took place earlier Saturday . Watson said she is n't surprised by the stay and is bracing for the idea she and Sherman wo n't immediately have full benefits available to them in Michigan -- though she expects that , at least , they 'll now have federal benefits available to marriage same-sex couples . "  It is what we expected , " Watson said . "  We know that we are on the right side of history . " In fact , Friedman 's ruling was the latest in a series of recent district judge decisions -- which have also affected Texas , Virginia , Kentucky , Oklahoma and Utah -- striking down state laws restricting marriage to one man and one woman . Judges later issued stays of those decisions until higher courts weigh in . Carl Tobias , a professor at the University of Richmond 's law school , explained that appellate judges must weigh in on all these cases . The Supreme Court likely wo n't add its input until its next term , which starts in October . Still , the trend in the courts -- which also happens to mirror that in public opinion polls -- so far is clear . "  It 's all in one direction right now , " Tobias said . Regardless of the fact her situation is in limbo , Watson and her partner are celebrating , nonetheless . They have family members expressing joy and solidarity along with them , such as a brother-in-law who noted the two are finally "  acting out what 's been in place for years . " But most importantly , they have their 16-year-old daughter to savor the moment with -- who they were able to jointly adopt years ago in Georgia and who was at her parents ' wedding ceremony in Mason . "  She 's excited about it , " Watson said .	Woman married in Michigan says she expected the stay Gay , lesbian couples marry for the first time in Michigan Ingham County issue such licenses for 57 couples , its clerk says Appeals court temporarily stays the decision to end same-sex marriage ban
Editor 's note : Burton Wides served as chief counsel to Sens. Ted Kennedy , Phil Hart and Paul Sarbanes and special counsel for President Carter . He now works as a pro bono private counsel on civil rights and human rights issues . Former Kennedy aide Burton Wides says the senator had a zest for politics and an appetite for hard work . CNN  -- For half a century , Ted Kennedy was the most prolific senator on the political scene , making major strides in civil rights , civil liberties , education , human rights abroad , arms control , good government and of course health care . You name it , he was there -- and in the lead . To some tabloid readers , he was largely a spoiled Kennedy playboy . To his colleagues and staff who watched him up close year after year , and to millions of Americans who saw him fighting on so many fronts , he was a committed champion of equality , justice , peace and protection of those in need . How did he do it ? With incredibly long hours , amazing energy and hard work , coupled with a zest for politics -- in the best sense -- and legendary legislative mastery acquired over the years . His staff knew that when he was starting an initiative , his first priority instinctively was to win over as staunch a conservative as he could find to be his partner and original co-sponsor . It worked so many times . Sometimes , he would leave an evening event where he was the honoree before it had ended . The next day , a cynical scribe might note that shortly after receiving his award , "  Kennedy bugged out early . " I knew that the senator had gone home to be able to help his son with homework or put him to bed , and then had begun a late-night briefing with staff to prepare for an important hearing the next morning . Finally , over a life of personal trials and tribulations , Kennedy had developed great "  empathy " -- a word recently much maligned , but all-important in the Senate 's staid , marble halls . He had endured the physical and emotional pain that enabled him to feel the pain of illness , discrimination or disability endured by others . You could see that he did , as he gently helped a tearful witness through difficult testimony at a Senate hearing . Kennedy knew well that on Capitol Hill you tried for a full loaf , sometimes took half of one and , if necessary , you planted the flag , took a slice and came back another day for more . But he also remembered Frederick the Great 's admonition : "  L'audace , toujours l'audace  boldness , always boldness .  " The 1965 Voting Rights Act , the crown jewel of modern civil rights laws , revolutionized America . In small Mississippi towns and elsewhere in the South where African-Americans once feared walking past the sheriff 's office , they now may be the elected sheriff , mayor or state senator . The same is true for Hispanics in parts of the Southwest . The Act 's two main parts are Section 2 and Section 5 . Section 2 is a permanent , nationwide prohibition against electoral discrimination . Section 5 requires preclearance by the U.S. attorney general of election law changes in jurisdictions covered by the provision . From the beginning , Section 5 was controversial and was set to expire in 1982 . In 1980 , however , a Supreme Court ruling had gutted the equally important Section 2 with a statutory misinterpretation . Kennedy had to decide which section to save . The nation 's civil rights coalition urged him to go for both . Many Democrats warned that trying to preserve both was a bridge too far and that Kennedy would risk losing everything . After much debate , and uncertainty , he firmly decided to go for broke , and "  ran the table . " Section 5 was preserved for another 25 years , while the statutory clarification of Section 2 , combined with the 1990 census , dramatically increased the number of minority members of Congress . Kennedy was interested in results . At the outset of Watergate , long before it became a constant headline , he and his staff started the Senate investigations , fully apace with the Washington Post , and unearthed the "  dirty tricks project " of the 1972 Campaign . But he came to realize that a Kennedy was not the most appropriate person to chair hearings on the Nixon White House and supported Majority Leader Mike Mansfield 's creation of the select "  Ervin Committee " to finish the job . Kennedy 's intense pursuit of the causes he championed was matched by his fabled sense of humor . I enjoyed both his huge store of anecdotes and his gentle barbs , except when I was the target . Sitting in the back of the Senate chamber behind him and Sens. Edmund Muskie , Walter Mondale , Eugene McCarthy and Phil Hart while they regaled each other with the foibles of Washington was a treat that helped lighten the often tense atmosphere of debate on heated issues . Occasionally , he missed the humor in the situation , especially if advance work for his events was n't up to his standards . I remember Kennedy rebuking Bob Shrum , his speechwriter , and me for running late as he weaved through traffic from his suburban home to an interview by civil rights leader and radio host James Farmer . Shrum kept assuring him that the interview would be prerecorded and could be taped whenever they got there . Then , at a stoplight , a cabbie leaned out his window and yelled : "  Hey Ted , you 're late . They 're all waiting for you . " It turned out that , because Kennedy had been in the news a lot , Farmer had decided to do the interview live on his daily show . Needless to say , Kennedy did not laugh . Superseding these and many other recollections of Kennedy the senator is my vivid memory of him as a person uniquely able to distract and comfort others in distress . On time stands out . When my first Senate boss , Phil Hart , was in the last stages of his battle with cancer , Kennedy spent hours by his side offering humor , Irish tales and Senate banter almost endlessly , as Chris Dodd and many others have now done for him . Hopefully , we will see his like again . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Burton Wides .	Burton Wides : In the tabloids , Ted Kennedy was viewed as a playboy He says the reality is that he worked very hard on his legislative agenda He says Kennedy 's adroit work saved the Voting Rights Act Wides : Kennedy knew there was a time for compromise -- and for boldness
CNN  -- An earthquake hit the Dominican Republic Thursday , the U.S. Geological Survey reported , almost exactly two years to the day after a massive quake devastated the neighboring nation of Haiti . The 5.3 quake was centered in the south of the country , about 170 miles  270 km  east of the Haitian capital Port-au-Prince , the USGS said . General Juan Manuel Mendez of the Dominican Republic Emergency Operations Center said there were no reports of damage yet , but added : "  We will be checking once it is daylight . "	The earthquake strikes almost exactly two years after Haiti was devastated There are no immediate reports of damage , an emergency official says
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The son of actor Michael Landon was found dead in his West Hollywood , California , home Monday afternoon , according to investigators . There was "  no indication of foul play " in the death of Mark Landon , 60 , according to the report from the Los Angeles County Sheriff 's Department . Mark Landon was the son of Dodie Frasier , who married Michael Landon in 1956 . The actor adopted the child and his younger brother . Mark Landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movies , according to the Internet Movie Database . He played a cab driver in "  Us , " a film his father directed and starred in just before his death from cancer in 1991 . Michael Landon was once one of Hollywood 's biggest TV stars . He is best known for his 14 years as "  Little Joe " Cartwright in TV 's long-running "  Bonanza , " and later as Charles Ingalls in nine seasons of "  Little House on the Prairie . " CNN 's Jack Hannah contributed to this report .	"  Bonanza " star 's son Mark Landon found dead in West Hollywood home Officials say no indication of foul play in 60-year-old 's death Mark Landon had a few acting credits , playing small roles in three movies
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- A Lebanese man who had been condemned by a court in Saudi Arabia to die last week for "  sorcery " has not been executed , his lawyer said Monday . May El Khansa told CNN that she got confirmation from Ibrahim Najjar , Lebanon 's justice minister , that her client , Ali Hussain Sibat , was still alive . She added that she had heard Saturday from sources in Saudi Arabia with knowledge of the case that the beheading had not been carried out Friday , as originally planned . Also Saturday , she said , she sent an official letter to Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah asking him to pardon her client . She said she would send more letters of appeal Tuesday to Lebanese government officials asking them to intervene . Saudi government officials would not comment to CNN about the case . Justice Minister Najjar said last week that he had urged the Saudi government not to carry out the execution , and Sibat 's wife made an emotional plea for mercy from the kingdom 's rulers during a CNN interview Thursday . "  All I ask is for the Saudi king and the Saudi government to show him mercy -- let him come back to his country and his family , " Samira Rahmoon said . Sibat used to offer predictions and advice to callers on a Lebanese television network . He was arrested by Saudi Arabia 's religious police and charged with sorcery while visiting the country in May 2008 while on an Islamic pilgrimage , El Khansa said . Saudi authorities have not disclosed details of the charge for which Sibat has been condemned . "  We ca n't understand how they could arrest him and charge him and sentence him to death , " Rahmoon said . "  It does n't make any sense . " El Khansa said Wednesday that she had been told about the upcoming execution by a Saudi source with knowledge of the case and the proceedings . Lebanon 's government said it had no confirmation that his execution had been set , but Najjar called the sentence "  disproportionate . " "  I have asked them not to implement any execution in this case , " he said . "  As far as I know , such an act does n't deserve such a punishment , unless there is something else -- something that I have not had the possibility to study or to examine myself . " Rahmoon said the family has been unable to contact Sibat "  for a long time " and has received no official notification that her husband 's execution date has been set . "  We do n't understand how he could be executed without us getting any notification first , " Rahmoon said . "  How could they decide to execute him and not inform us ? " A law against witchcraft remains on the books in Lebanon , but is the equivalent of a misdemeanor , Najjar said . "  I respect the law of Saudi Arabia , which is based on Sharia law , " he said . "  But at the same time , I 'm very concerned about such a sentence . " Sibat was convicted by a court in Medina and sentenced to death in November , El Khansa said . He appealed , and his case was sent back to the trial court for reconsideration . But the judges in Medina upheld their original verdict in March , she said . The human rights group Amnesty International has called for Sibat 's release . His case drew a small knot of protesters from a Lebanese youth group to the Saudi Embassy in Beirut on Thursday , and Najjar said he told his Saudi counterpart that beheading Sibat "  would not be productive " to Lebanese-Saudi relations . "  I have done what I thought was responsible for the justice minister in Lebanon to do , and I said to my colleague in Saudi Arabia that such an act in Lebanon would not be sanctioned by more than two months of imprisonment , " Najjar said . CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report	Lawyer said Lebanon 's justice minister confirmed Ali Hussain Sibat was still alive Sibat 's lawyer has also sent an official letter to Saudi Arabia 's King Abdullah asking for pardon Sibat used to offer predictions and advice to callers on a Lebanese television network Sibat arrested , tried and sentenced during pilgrimage to Saudi Arabia
SLEEPY EYE , Minnesota  CNN  -- The father of a cancer-stricken 13-year-old boy whose mother has fled with him to keep him from undergoing chemotherapy appealed Thursday for her to bring him home . Doctors say Daniel Hauser 's lymphoma responded well to a first round of chemotherapy in February . "  Please bring Danny home so that we can decide as a family what Danny 's treatment should be , " Anthony Hauser said , directing his halting comments to his wife , Colleen , as he stood in front of television cameras outside the family 's house . "  I know you 're scared and I feel that you left out of fear , maybe without thinking it all the way through , " he continued . "  Danny is my son and the rest of the family is worried sick about Danny , how he is and how he 's going to come out . "  Please call me and let 's talk about how you can come back here and we can get this worked out , what 's best for Danny . " The boy was diagnosed with Stage 2B Hodgkin 's lymphoma in January . The next month , he received a single course of treatment , which succeeded in shrinking a tumor in his chest but caused side effects that upset the family , doctors have said . Watch father urge the pair to come back " Dr. Bruce Bostrom , the cancer specialist who oversaw that course of chemotherapy , told KARE-TV in Minneapolis that , without further treatment , Daniel 's odds of survival would plummet from 80 to 90 percent to about 5 percent . Daniel 's second round of treatment was to have begun March 5 , said the pediatric oncologist and associate professor at the University of Minnesota Medical School . In April , after the boy had not returned for the second course , Bostrom called the family and left a message threatening to report them for child neglect , he said . Colleen Hauser returned his call , telling him she was seeking a second opinion . But the doctor who ultimately cared for the boy has said he was only treating his symptoms , not the cancer itself , Bostrom said . So Bostrom reported the family to authorities , the first time he has taken such a step in 25 years of practice , he said . "  I think it 's our and my duty to do this , " he said . Meanwhile , the opportunity to intervene is narrowing . "  He 's now almost three months late , that 's why it has regrown , " Bostrom said , referring to another doctor 's interpretation of a chest X-ray that showed Monday the tumor had worsened . "  It means his cancer is back and he is in danger , " Bostrom said . "  It could block his airway ; he could develop life-threatening breathing problems and possibly even die from it . It could be within a few weeks or a month at the most , I would say . " Hodgkin 's lymphoma is a cancer of the immune system . Stage 2B refers to the two areas of the body where Daniel has it -- the chest and the neck -- and the symptoms he has experienced : tumor , fatigue , weight loss and night sweats . Authorities said Wednesday that Colleen and Daniel Hauser were near Los Angeles , California , perhaps en route to Mexico for more holistic treatment of his lymphoma . Brown County , Minnesota , Sheriff Rich Offmann cited "  reliable information " in making the announcement to reporters . The sheriff 's office issued a felony arrest warrant for Colleen Hauser on Thursday in an effort to "  ensure extradition to Minnesota . " Family spokesman Dan Zwakman said on Thursday that Anthony Hauser was not aware that his wife was taking the child . "  From all appearances , " Zwakman said , "  it was a case of her decision by herself . " Watch what legal issues are at stake " The boy and his mother were last reported seen Monday in Minnesota . When mother and son failed to show up at a court hearing Tuesday , Brown County District Judge John R. Rodenberg issued an arrest warrant for Colleen Hauser . Court documents show that the doctors estimated the boy 's chance of five-year remission with more chemotherapy and possibly radiation at 80 percent to 95 percent . But the family rejected standard treatment , opting instead for a holistic medical treatment based on Native American healing practices called Nemenhah . In a written statement issued last week , an attorney for the parents said they "  believe that the injection of chemotherapy into Danny Hauser amounts to an assault upon his body , and torture when it occurs over a long period of time . " Dr. Sanjay Gupta , CNN chief medical correspondent , said he had no doubts about what to do . "  My advice would be to treat him , without question , " he said . "  He has a very , very good chance of surviving , being cured and never having to deal with this again . As a doctor , as a fellow citizen , I would say he should be treated . " Watch Gupta discuss Daniel 's chances " But Zwakman told CNN 's "  American Morning " program Thursday that he knows five people who have been cured with natural healing . "  Yes , it 's happened many times , " he said . Watch Zwakman speak to CNN " Mankato , Minnesota , lawyer Calvin P. Johnson , who identified himself as the Hauser family 's attorney , said Thursday that forcing treatment would constitute "  assault and torture . " Johnson said officials were forcing treatment neither the boy nor his parents want . "  Anthony and Colleen Hauser share Danny 's viewpoint : They do not approve of chemotherapy . Under the circumstances of this case , chemotherapy constitutes assault and torture , when given to a young man who believes that it will kill him , " Johnson said in a written statement . CNN 's Chris Welch contributed to this report .	Dad : "  I feel that you left out of fear , maybe without thinking it all the way through " Sheriff 's office issues felony arrest warrant for mother ; FBI involved 13-year-old needs chemotherapy , doctors and court say Police think Minnesota mom , son are in California
A team of international investigators is exploring a site for chemical weapons when a sudden explosion rips through the air , scattering the workers and terrified civilians , who make a frantic run for cover in the ensuing chaos . In a split second , this group of inspectors from the Organisation for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons have become de facto field medics , scouring the scene for survivors and administering first aid to those injured in the blast . It is only after the inspectors have dressed the wounds of all the victims that an instructor appears and tells the men he is satisfied with their performance . And although this is merely a training exercise being acted out in a foggy field in central Germany , the lessons inspectors learn here could potentially save lives on their next deployment . OPCW inspectors have been tasked with cataloguing and monitoring the destruction of all of Syria 's chemical weapons . They have been in hostile environments before , but never as a war is still raging on the ground . The conflict in Syria has claimed at least 100,000 lives since 2011 , and dozens more are being killed every day . EXCLUSIVE : Inside an OPCW chemical weapons lab Franz Ontal is the head of training for OPCW inspectors in Germany . "  We are performing our inspections in the middle of a conflict , " he tells CNN . "  We 've never done this before . It 's not something you could have foreseen two years ago and planned for . " This hostile environment training course , conducted by the German army , is teaching OPCW inspectors to identify dangerous situations and to avoid getting kidnapped , but also to help if they witness violent events -- knowledge that may be indispensable in war-torn Syria . In August , snipers opened fire on a convoy of U.N. experts investigating a suspected chemical weapons attack in the suburbs of Damascus . One U.N. vehicle was disabled in the attack , and the inspectors were forced to turn back . Reinhard Barz , the head of hostile environments training for the German army , believes the biggest threats could emerge when the inspectors move into areas contested between rebel fighters and the regime forces of Syrian President Bashar al-Assad . "  We have different players in Syria and I think -LSB- it will not be -RSB- easy for the trainees here , " Barz tells CNN . "  They have to be prepared for ambushes , but also fighting might break out in some areas . The key is to try and get out of those situations quickly . " The OPCW , which has been on the ground in Syria since October 1 , was awarded this year 's Nobel Peace Prize . The organisation has two branches . One is comprised of the laboratory scientists who analyze field samples and send them to other independent partner labs for separate analysis . The other branch is the inspectors who catalogue stockpiles of chemical weapons , oversee their destruction , take samples after alleged attacks and speak to witnesses on the ground . Many inspectors have a background in science , but their ranks are also made up of logistics experts , weapons experts who identify munitions that may have been used to deploy chemical weapons , and health and safety experts to make sure the teams do not get overexposed to potentially dangerous chemicals . Twenty-five inspectors from 17 nations have taken part in the training program in Wildflecken , Germany this week . The head of training tells CNN he is happy with their performance . "  They identified what had happened and quickly helped everyone . I think they did really well . " But as realistic as the training was , it was just an exercise . And the next stop for some of inspectors could be one of the most dangerous places in the world .	OPCW inspectors are preparing for deployment to Syria with a training program in Germany Week-long program teaches risk awareness , first aid , dealing with kidnapping threat Syria mission marks first time OPCW inspectors will be sent into a live war zone OPCW has been on the ground in Syria since October 1 and won this year 's Nobel Peace Prize
CNN  A lawsuit that 's stirring concern among drinkers of some California wine starts with a history lesson . The deaths of Napoleon Bonaparte , Simon Bolivar , King George III , King Faisal I and other prominent figures have been attributed to arsenic poisoning , the first paragraph of the 30-page complaint says . And , now , drinkers of some California wine have become "  unwitting ` guinea pigs ' of arsenic exposure , " thanks to the negligent and misleading actions of dozens of California wineries , according to the class action complaint filed March 19 on behalf of two California couples . The lawsuit does not include any allegations of physical injury or death due to arsenic consumption associated with drinking the wines named in the complaint . The plaintiffs are seeking monetary damages and a court order requiring the defendants disclose on the bottles the risks of consuming inorganic arsenic in wines and engage in "  corrective advertising " regarding their conduct . News of the lawsuit , which broke last week , struck fear in the hearts of frugal wine consumers nationwide , prompting many to share lists on social media of labels named in the lawsuit , all but declaring the outcome a foregone conclusion . The complaint names 28 companies that represent 83 low-cost labels familiar to supermarket wine aisle shoppers : Cupcake , Franzia , Flipflop , Rex Goliath and Korbel , among others . Even the maker of Trader Joe 's Charles Shaw Zinfandel varietal  affectionately known among fans as "  two-buck Chuck "  , was called out for allegedly failing to warn consumers that it contained "  dangerously " high levels of inorganic arsenic . But should consumers start looking to other winemakers or other wine-producing states for gallon-sized bottles of zinfandel ? Or is the lawsuit a fearmongering tactic being used to drum up business for the beverage-testing company used for the lawsuit , as some defendants and industry insiders have insinuated ? Most of the defendants said their wine was safe to drink when contacted by CNN . Some declined to comment , citing the pending litigation . Others referred CNN to the Wine Institute , a California trade group that called the claims "  false and misleading . " "  We are concerned that the irresponsible publicity campaign by the litigating party could scare the public into thinking that wine is not safe to consume , which is patently untrue , " said the group , which represents 1,000 California wineries , including 10 of the defendants . The lawsuit alleges that three separate labs "  skilled in arsenic testing " independently confirmed that the defendants produce wines containing "  dangerously " high levels of inorganic arsenic , in some cases up to 500 % more than what is considered acceptable . "  Put differently , " the complaint states in bold letters , "  just a glass or two of these arsenic-contaminated wines a day over time could result in dangerous arsenic toxicity to the consumer . " A spokesman from the public relations firm representing the plaintiffs and BeverageGrades , which performed the analysis , said the company is confident that its data is "  based on sound scientific research . " Because the company expects testing methodology to be at issue in litigation , it declined to reveal specific data or testing methods . "  We understand the public interest in this story and look forward to resolving the litigation to make these products safer for consumers . And we hope the winemakers will take these findings just as seriously and work to make sure their wines are safe , " spokesman Rob Feldman said . Without seeing the lab results , experts suggest reserving judgment based on the following issues to arise from the lawsuit : Arsenic is found in air , soil and water throughout the world . Therefore , it can also found in grains , fruits , vegetables and seafood due to absorption through soil and water . "  Plants take up trace amounts of arsenic from the soil , and we have been ingesting these trace amounts for all of human history . Generally , these amounts are at levels well below that associated with either acute or chronic toxicity , " said Cornell University 's Gavin Lavi Sacks , director of undergraduate studies for the viticulture and enology program in the College of Agricultural and Life Sciences . Arsenic occurs in inorganic and organic forms . The FDA describes organic or naturally occurring arsenic as "  essentially harmless . " Inorganic arsenic has been classified as a human carcinogen by the Environmental Protection Agency . The first time the U.S. Food and Drug Administration set limits for arsenic levels in food or drink was in 2013 , when it proposed to limit the amount of inorganic arsenic in apple juice to 10 parts per billion . Long-term exposure to inorganic arsenic , mainly through smoking , drinking contaminated water , eating food prepared with contaminated water or eating food irrigated with arsenic-rich water , can lead to health risks such as cancer and skin lesions . According to the lawsuit , inorganic arsenic makes up the "  overwhelming majority " of arsenic in wines at issue , despite the winemakers ' ability to limit inorganic arsenic through "  responsible winemaking procedures " and "  sophisticated testing equipment . " Without providing specific data , the plaintiffs said their analysis found inorganic arsenic "  far in excess " of what 's allowed in drinking water based on the EPA 's standard for arsenic in drinking water : 10 parts per billion . But the EPA limit for water is based on total arsenic , including both organic and inorganic forms , leading some to question whether it 's the best basis for comparison . This standard is set to protect consumers served by public water systems from the effects of long-term , chronic exposure to arsenic , EPA spokeswoman Tara Johnson said in an email . It 's based on how much water people typically drink daily , which ranges from one to two liters , she said . However , the EPA standard for arsenic in drinking water "  is of limited use when considering any potential health risks related to arsenic in wine , " FDA spokeswoman Lauren Sucher said in an email to CNN . "  People drink far more water than they do wine over their lifetimes , and they start drinking water earlier in life . Thus , both the amount and period of exposure are different and would require separate analyses , " she said . Seeing as the USDA recommends drinking about 10 cups of water a day and no more than two alcoholic drinks  about 1 cup of wine  a day , "  a sensible concentration limit for arsenic in wine should be at least 10-fold higher than for drinking water , and possibly higher , since we also use water for cooking and cleaning , " Sacks of Cornell University said . This is roughly the case in countries that have established limits for arsenic in wine , which leads to the next point : The U.S. Tax and Trade Bureau regulates the production of alcoholic beverages , and part of this process is testing wine for arsenic , said Erika Holmes , spokeswoman for Washington State University 's Viticulture and Enology school . Even though the FDA has not established a standard for acceptable levels of arsenic in wine , California wine exports are tested and found to be below the established limits for export , Holmes said in an email . Countries that import California wine also test for arsenic using their own standards : 100 parts per billion in Canada and 200 parts per billion in Europe -- 10 to 20 times higher than the drinking water limit in the United States . "  It 's certainly appropriate to look to other countries ' regulations for guidance , " Sacks said . "  Their regulators are presumably looking at the same body of research that U.S. regulators would look to if they were to establish a mandatory limit for wine . " The day CBS News aired a segment on the lawsuit , the company that performed the analysis sent out a news release offering its services to provide "  reassurance from arsenic in wine " through "  a tool for screening their offerings to ensure the quality of their supply chain . " Neither BeverageGrades nor its CEO , Kevin Hicks , is a party to the lawsuit . But Hicks ' appearance in the segment prompted detractors to cry conflict of interest . In a statement to CNN , Hicks said it was concerning that some winemakers would point to this as a conflict of interest "  instead of focusing on making sure their product contains the lowest amount of contaminants possible . " He also defended his company 's right to offer its services to retailers , saying he will continue to do so . "  The arsenic data in my testing is based on years of scientific research and operating a commercial chemistry lab for over two years . As a commercial lab no one should be surprised that BeverageGrades has been offering lab testing services to the alcohol beverage industry since July 2013 . " A previous version of this story incorrectly stated that the brand Barefoot was a named defendant in the lawsuit . It is not . This story has been corrected . CNN sincerely regrets the error .	A class-action lawsuit alleges some California wines contain unsafe levels of arsenic Winemakers respond that their wines are safe and the suit amounts to fearmongering Arsenic can be dangerous in high concentrations
CNN  -- Only in the extreme world of big-mountain snowboarding could someone cheat death in an avalanche and realize it had reaffirmed their love of the powder . But perhaps it is n't surprising when Xavier de Le Rue describes his relationship with nature as a need , or a drug . It is also a synergy that provides solace in the wake of bitter disappointment , such as finding out your Winter Olympics dream is finally over . "  This huge avalanche took me 2 km down the mountain , " the Frenchman tells CNN 's Human to Hero series of the moment he feared nature had finally beaten him . "  It was one of these perfect days and you forget that in a split second , things can change radically and then , suddenly the whole mountain broke around me . "  It is a miracle that I survived because I was lying on top of six meters of snow , completely broken with blood coming out of every hole in my body and completely unconscious . " Unsurprisingly , that near-death experience six years ago launched a wave of introspection . "  I asked myself for months whether I should keep going or not , whether what I was doing was stupid , " the 34-year-old says . "  I realized that I loved it even more than I thought and but I 've always had these rules in my head to be more scared about everything all the time , but at the same time being a lot more focused . "  I think that right now , if I am freaked out about safety I will do no compromise . If I do n't feel something , I 'll just go back home . " De Le Rue 's discipline is boardercross -- essentially , a race from the top of a mountain to the bottom between a clutch of snowboarders . He is a four-time world champion , a three-time winner of the overall World Cup title and has three X-Games gold medals to his name . The only thing missing from his portfolio of prizes is an Olympic medal , having fallen short in 2006 and in 2010 . This particular dream is destined go unfulfilled -- after dedicating the past year of his life to making next month 's Sochi Games , a mix-up over qualification points saw him fall short of the benchmark . "  It was really disappointing to get the news as this was going to be the end of my boardercross career , " he explains . "  After four world champion titles , three X-Games medals and three crystal globes , it would have been an amazing way to leave the sport , but it has been a hell of a lot more brutal . "  The good thing about everything is that my true place in snowboarding , as well as my heart , is in the high mountains riding powder . I am more fit than ever , and I guess this blowup is a great way to start from scratch . "  I feel a lot lighter in a way , with no pressure . All that energy I have been gathering really makes me look towards my future adventures . " There are plenty more to come . Chief among them is continuing production on his own films , with expeditions to Spitsbergen , in Norway , and Alaska scheduled , as well as a commentary stint in Sochi . Watch de Le Rue 's ` Mission Antarctic ' It is clear this connection de Le Rue feels with the mountains is not something that can easily be shaken . "  Snowboarding is many things for me but most of all , snowboarding is what shapes my life in a way , " he says . "  Snowboarding is what has taught me to know myself . "  Snowboarding is what has taken me to the most glorious times of my life but also to the worst times of my life . "  I think it 's just my own tool to experience life , to push myself , to know my limits , to maybe go over my limits sometimes and to be a happy and fulfilled human being . See de Le Rue take on the planet 's steepest peaks "  If I 'm in a big city for a while , I start to feel nervous and I know that I need to go back somewhere where there is nothing , where I can touch a tree or a rock or something and then I feel better . " De Le Rue thrives on the thrill of competition -- he describes boardercross as like "  motocross " on the snow , as six people battle over a course filled with jumps and obstacles to reach the foot . But he is just as happy in splendid , snowy isolation on top of a mountain . "  You see those big mountains that are far away and so unreachable , " he says . "  Ever since I started snowboarding and skiing , I looked at them and dreamed of getting up there and being up there on my own and even riding them . Yeah , the dream came true . "  I think if I had to describe one feeling that really stands out above everything ; it 's the one moment when you 're at the top of the mountain , ready to drop in . "  You 're on your own , you 're far from everything , and you 're in a really strong element . "  It 's amazingly beautiful and there 's something that happens in your head , it 's like time does n't matter anymore . Your daily problems just vanish and it 's indescribable . " Born in the Pyrenees , De Le Rue started skiing at the tender age of two . His four brothers and sisters also took the slopes at a young age , and his brother Paul-Henri looks set to make the French team for Sochi . But though a medal at the Games was his final wish on the competitive side of the sport , he believes boardercross has evolved into a discipline that has maybe pushed the boundaries too far . "  I think now that the sport has changed , " he says . "  The young guys are hungry and they 're willing to win at any price . "  I 'm going to sound like an old wise man but I miss the good old times where we used to respect lines , where we used to have a gentleman 's code . "  Right now , it 's just full battle with no rules , in a way . " But even if de Le Rue 's boardercross days are over , there is plenty more big mountain snowboarding to be done . "  It 's a way of kind of getting a bit of control over the mountains but still being humble , asking permission in a way to access it and to ride it and to get this huge immense pride and happiness at the bottom , " he explained . "  Everything is recorded in your head and you just go into automatic mode . You 're just in a sort of bubble and you do n't feel anything , you 're just like an animal . "  Once you 've gone through all the hard bits and you 're straight-lining down towards the end , you get this fire exploding inside you . "	Xavier de Le Rue is a boardercross snowboard world champion from France De Le Rue survived a near-fatal avalanche but says it galvanized his love of sport The 34-year-old narrowly missed out on a spot in the French Winter Olympics team He also tackles big-mountain challenges , including a trip to Antarctica
Around this time each year , as I prepare for Mobile World Congress , I anticipate the flood of new and exciting innovations that will be announced , the inspiring people I 'll be meeting and the general buzz around mobile on a global scale . I also hope that I will see more women in attendance at the show . It 's no secret that the technology sector currently has a dearth of women in the workforce . There has already been considerable discussion and research about the fact that girls are not choosing to study STEM  science , technology , engineering and mathematics  subjects , how a divide exists between men and women with access to the Internet , how much GDP could increase if the number of digital jobs held by women was on a par with men ... the list goes on . Clearly we need more women working in the mobile and ICT industry , and more women getting connected by mobile . In other words , we are calling for more mobile women -- empowered by mobile and upwardly mobile as a result . Making women aware of the many opportunities enabled by mobile -- and holding challenging and well-remunerated positions -- is a passion of mine . I always knew I wanted to work in an exciting and innovative industry . I recognized that computer science and telecoms were burgeoning sectors , and I pursued them knowing that this unchartered territory would be rife with opportunities . Even at the start of my career , I had a desire to make a difference in an environment that was constantly evolving and pioneering . Two decades later , the industry is still just as exciting . However , while new generations of women are increasingly embracing technology in their everyday lives , they may not realize just how dynamic it is to work in mobile and ICT . I will dispel the myth now : hardly anyone I know who works in technology is a "  geek " who sits glued to their computer screen for 20 hours a day . Of course there are enormous opportunities for people with deep technological skills , but there are just as many for people who want to support the full potential of mobile , whether it 's creating connected cars , advancing mobile commerce , or even designing the master plan for a smart city . There are opportunities to do almost anything . In fact , women in the ICT industry earn almost 9 % more than those in other parts of the economy . Yet they constitute only 30 % of the ICT workforce in Europe , and also often leave the industry early , missing out on the chance to get to the top . We need to make women in mobile and ICT the norm rather than the exception -- and also encourage those that are on the path not to abandon it . So how do we attract and retain more mobile women ? Motivating women to work in the mobile industry needs to start from the ground up , ensuring they are given the opportunities and guidance to pursue STEM subjects in the first place , provided with practical experience like internships in the field , and also inspired by the potential of mobile to change people 's lives . Many women in developing nations become mobile through ownership of their first mobile phone . The positive impact that mobile has on everyday life is perhaps felt most strongly in these markets , where mobile services provide critical connectivity , life-enhancing access to education and healthcare , and empowerment through entrepreneurship . The transformative power of mobile for women was clearly demonstrated when Iraqi operator Asiacell launched a line of products and services to target the needs of women , who at the time comprised only 20 % of their subscribers . The result ? Less than three years later , Asiacell has increased its female customer base to 40 % , enriching the lives of nearly two million Iraqi women who are now connected and empowered with more social and financial independence . We know that regardless of their locality or social strata , the positive effect of more mobile women around the world can transcend the industry and have much wider socioeconomic benefits . So as we collectively strive to connect the next one billion users and stimulate the positive change that the mobile Internet brings , we must ensure that women will be included in this upsurge . To do this , we need to address the entire mobile ecosystem . It starts with mobilizing the stakeholders involved -- policymakers and educators , mobile operators , manufacturers , and suppliers -- and extends to women themselves recognizing the myriad opportunities for their talents in the mobile and ICT industry . As I look back on many industry events where I addressed and interacted with a large number of male colleagues , I look forward to many more where I 'll be just one of many involved , dynamic , mobile women . Read more : 10 most powerful women in tech Read more : Google 's quest to get more women in tech	The technology sector has a dearth of women in the workforce , Anne Bouverot writes Women in the ICT industry earn almost 9 % more than those in other parts of the economy "  We need to make women in mobile and ICT the norm rather than the exception , " she says
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- The brazen shooting of a defiant teen blogger has stirred the conscience of Pakistan , a nation plagued for decades by violent extremism . An angry chorus of voices in social media , on the street , in newspapers and over the airwaves has decried the attack against 14-year-old Malala Yousufzai as cowardly and an example of a government unable to cope with militants . "  I blame the Taliban , first and foremost , " columnist Sami Shah wrote in The Express Tribune , a local English daily . "  I blame the government . All of it . " Malala was slowly recuperating Wednesday after surgeons worked for three hours to remove a bullet lodged in her neck . Opinion : Girl 's courage , Taliban 's cowardice On Tuesday , Taliban militants stopped a van carrying three girls , including Malala , on their way home from school in northwestern Pakistan 's conservative Swat Valley . One of the gunmen asked which one was Malala Yousufzai . When the girls pointed her out , the men opened fire . The bullets struck all three girls . For two of them , the injuries were not life-threatening . For Malala , it was touch-and-go for a while . "  We are happy that she survived , but are worried too about her health condition , " said her uncle , Faiz Muhammad , who is with her at a military hospital in Peshawar . On Wednesday , police took the van driver and the school guard into custody for questioning . They also said they 'd identified the culprits . Meanwhile , the Taliban claimed responsibility for the attack and issued an ominous threat . "  If she survives this time , she wo n't next time , " a spokesman for the Pakistani Taliban said . "  We will certainly kill her . " "  I have the right of education , " Malala said in a 2011 interview with CNN . "  I have the right to play . I have the right to sing . I have the right to talk . I have the right to go to market . I have the right to speak up . " In fact , many of Malala 's courageous words during that interview take on an even more defiant context . "  When your people need you , you should come up , " she told CNN 's Reza Sayah . "  You should come and stand up for their rights . " Malala also encouraged other young people to take a stand against the Taliban -- and to not hide in their bedrooms . "  God will ask you on the day of judgment where were you when your people were asking you , when your school fellows were asking you , and when your school was asking you that I am being blown up ? " Read more : 14-year-old girl wins Pakistan 's first peace prize Mian Iftikhar Hussein , the Khyber-Pakhtunkhwa information minister , said he was declaring a bounty of $ 100,000 for the capture of the culprits in the attempt on Malala 's life . Pakistani Army Chief Gen. Ashfaq Parvez Kayani visited Malala in the hospital and delivered a simple message : "  We refuse to bow before terror . " He also noted that the Taliban lack respect for the "  golden words " of the Prophet Mohammed -- "  that the one who is not kind to children is not amongst us . " "  In attacking Malala , the terrorists have failed to grasp that she is not only an individual , but an icon of courage and hope , " the general said . The chief minister of Punjab said he would bear the cost of Malala 's treatment , calling her "  the daughter of Pakistan . " The head of PIA , the national airline , said he was putting a plane on standby to take the teenager "  anywhere in the world if needed " for treatment . Two neurosurgeons , one in the United States and one in the United Kingdom , have also offered to fly to Pakistan if needed , the interior minister said . Throughout the country and around the world , Pakistanis , hurt and angry , prayed . "  Malala is what Taliban will never be , " said Murtaza Haider , the associate dean of research and graduate programs at the Ted Rogers School of Management at Toronto 's Ryerson University , in an opinion piece in the Dawn newspaper . "  She is fearless , enlightened , articulate , and a young Muslim woman who is the face of Pakistan and the hope for a faltering nation that can no longer protect its daughters . " "  If the Taliban wants to fight , then they should pick on someone their own size , " a girl said on a local news channel . Shamila Chaudhary , a former U.S. National Security Council director for Afghanistan and Pakistan , told CNN the incident reverberates among women and girls and even conservative Muslims . "  The Pakistani Taliban do n't have a lot of support in the Pakistani society , " she said . "  They do n't offer social services and justice , they do n't offer any alternative to weak government . " This latest incident "  makes them more unpopular " among masses of people who view the aspirations of Malala and the Taliban 's resistance to them as a "  fight between good and evil , " said Chaudhary , a senior South Asia fellow at the New America Foundation . U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon called the act "  heinous and cowardly " on Wednesday and said the attackers must be brought to justice . "  The secretary-general , like many around the world , has been deeply moved by Malala Yousufzai 's courageous efforts to promote the fundamental right to education -- enshrined in the Universal Declaration of Human Rights , " a representative for Ban said . iReport assignment : Girls + Education = ... Twitter , the closest thing to a barometer of public opinion , likewise lit up . "  Was n't the brute who put a gun to Malala 's little head born to a woman ? " wrote Kamran Shafi . "  Did he have sisters , aunts , a wife or four ? Bloody filthy terrorist ! " Pakistan 's picturesque Swat Valley was once one of Pakistan 's biggest tourist destinations . The valley , near the Afghanistan border and about 186 miles  300 kilometers  from the capital city of Islamabad , boasted the country 's only ski resort . It was a draw for trout-fishing enthusiasts and visitors to the ancient Buddhist ruins in the area . But that was before militants -- their faces covered with dark turbans -- unleashed a wave of violence . They demanded veils for women , beards for men and a ban on music and television . They allowed boys ' schools to operate but closed those for girls . It was in this climate that Malala reached out to the outside world through her blog posts . She took a stand by writing about her daily battle with extremist militants who used fear and intimidation to force girls to stay at home . Malala 's online writing led to her being awarded Pakistan 's first National Peace Prize in November . "  I was scared of being beheaded by the Taliban because of my passion for education , " she told CNN at the time . "  During their rule , the Taliban used to march into our houses to check whether we were studying or watching television . " She said that she wanted to be a political leader , that her country "  needs honest and true leaders . " The Taliban controlled Malala 's valley for years until 2009 , when the military cleared it in an operation that also evacuated thousands of families . But pockets remain , and violence is never far behind . For Pakistani public officials , Chaudhary said , the incident is a reminder of the Taliban 's ends -- keeping girls from going to school and imposing hard-line religious and cultural values . Many are in denial and have n't accepted "  the extent the Taliban will go to impose their cultural values . " There have been other examples of violence against women , Chaudhary said , including the Taliban flogging of a woman caught on video a few years ago . That was "  a trigger event -- it pulled a lot of the political elite out of their denial , " she said . "  I see this instance as something similar . " Chaudhary said there 's a misconception across the world that the political elite sympathize with the Taliban . That 's untrue , she said . They are afraid of them and the possibility of violent retribution against officials and government installations . If the government does n't talk about this latest issue and have justice served , it will be a "  step back , " she said . Sami Shah , the columnist , said the ruling Pakistan People 's Party shares blame . "  There can be a million excuses why the Taliban can still operate with impunity in Pakistan , a lot of them legitimate . But if you are the ruling party , then you must accept responsibility for your failures . And the PPP has resoundingly failed . " Setback for Pakistani teen facing blasphemy charges Explainer : Pakistan 's blasphemy laws Pakistan 's top court investigates use of girls to settle tribal dispute CNN 's Nasir Habib and Shaan Khan reported from Islamabad , and Joe Sterling from Atlanta . CNN 's Noreen Shams and Saeed Ahmed also contributed to this report .	NEW : "  When your people need you , you should come up , " said defiant teen activist in 2011 Malala Yousufzai is called an "  icon of courage and hope " "  We refuse to bow before terror , " the army chief says Police say they have identified the attackers
Okavango Delta , Northern Botswana  CNN  -- The hot African sun is turning cool and big and a deep soft orange , and the impala are getting mighty jumpy . They ought to be . A half-kilometer across the grassy bush , we 're watching a pack of eight African wild dogs , downwind and sniffing a scent , planning their evening hunt . We have a plan , too . We 're going to follow them . Not far away , a large herd of zebra also knows this is the most dangerous time . They 've pastured all day in a broad , open field , nibbling vegetation . As long as these prey remain in an open area , they are safe , because they can see the predators coming . They can outrun all but the cheetah , and in a large group , the likelihood of any particular individual being caught is lessened . A herd of wildebeest is mingling with the zebra and following them through the tall grass . "  The zebra and the wildebeest , they are friends , " our guide , 46-year old , bush-born Botswanan Kgotla "  Balepi " Mokwami of Kwara Camp , tells me . "  The zebra have short necks , but the wildebeest , they have long necks . So the zebras ' heads are high and they can see above the grass and they tramp it down low enough so the wildebeest , whose heads are low , can see too . " If you go : Visiting the Okavango Delta It 's like the baboons and the impala , Mokwami explains . Earlier , we watched impala graze near a family of baboons , with one baboon sitting on a stump , keeping watch for lion , cheetah and leopard . If the baboon detects danger , the impala will know , too . But now the night approaches , and the darkness will neutralize the prey 's advantage . They must head for the shrubs and trees to hide . But they know that is where the predators sit in wait . This just might be their time to die . We have come here to Kwara Concession , a 170,000-hectare private reserve deep in the world 's largest inland delta , Botswana 's famed Okavango . Thousands of tourists visit the delta every year , willing to put up with inconvenience and discomfort and considerable expense , to witness nature work its astonishing wiles . Every darkening evening , for millennia now , a great game has been afoot here . In the Southern Hemisphere 's autumn months of March through June , the delta floods with water from Angola 's highlands , inundating 1.5 million hectares of flat land and attracting one of the world 's greatest concentrations of wildlife . Safari experts on ` trip of a lifetime ' Many of the animals , the vegetarians such as impala , elephant , giraffe , zebra and hippopotamus , come for the rich grasses and trees . The carnivores come for them . So tonight we are watching the dogs from a short distance . We whisper to each other in our open-air , Jeep-style vehicle that seems able to drive through anything . Mokwami is at the wheel and his tracker , Gomos Kgaogano , is perched on a mounted seat above a front headlight . This is a rare moment , and even Mokwami , who was born in the Delta , is thrilled to see the dogs . African wild dogs , also called Cape hunting dogs , are officially endangered . Conservationists say shrinking habitat and farmers , hunters and rangers who poison and shoot them to protect livestock are eroding their number . The dogs roam small swaths of forest , desert and savanna in southern Africa . They hunt whatever they can catch : antelope , small wildebeest , warthogs , rodents and even birds . Tonight , they are after impala . Suddenly , they are on the move , first as an unorganized group , then in a line , first walking , now trotting . We have n't seen the impala , but Mokwami knows the dogs have their scent . "  The impala are that way  he points to the right  , but the dogs will go that way , then up there  he points to about 11 o'clock  , they will turn right . They always follow the line of the bush . Then they will run . " He turns his outstretched arm to 2 o'clock . "  We need to be there to see the chase . " "  How do you know that ? " I ask incredulously . "  These are dogs , " he says . "  I know these dogs . I have seen dogs before . " The dogs pick up the pace . We start bushwhack-driving toward 2 o'clock , pacing the dogs along the track . We reach a point , and now see the impala through the bush to the right , maybe 600 meters off . The dogs slow , they turn to the right and accelerating , leap into the bushes just behind us . We have a difficult time seeing them , but Mokwami knows where they are heading and we turn right , directly toward the impala along the outside of the bushes that are giving the dogs cover . Suddenly we see a dog through the bushes , then another , then another . They are sprinting . They are making their move . We accelerate , blasting and bouncing through the uneven grass . The impala are on high alert , watching the bush , watching us , perceiving a threat but not yet knowing what it is . Suddenly , the dogs streak out of the bush straight for the impala , and the chase is on . On level , unobstructed ground , Mokwami explains as we dash in pursuit , a dog can catch an impala . An impala 's high step can kick up dirt , and if it can gain ground , the flying dirt will confuse the dog 's scent . But there they are ! From behind a bush , an impala flies in full sprint , and at most two seconds behind , the dogs are ripping after it like a stiff evening wind . The speed and focus of the predator and the prey are razor-sharp . We race along on a parallel track . The dogs are going to get him , I 'm sure of it . Mokwami is n't so certain . "  Mayyyybe , mayyybe , " he says . What I have yet to learn is that the impala is n't just running from something , it 's running toward something . This is n't a chase . It 's a race . I begin to understand the great game being played . The predators here are the best in the business , but the prey are thinkers , too . It 's a balancing game for both . Natural selection has left the prey with innate understandings about how to survive in a predator-driven world . Those that do n't know , die . For the predators , those that understand and counter , eat . Those that do n't , die . "  It is a great balance , " Mokwami explains . "  It is great drama every day . The impala , they know things the dogs do not know . It is the same with the zebra . They know the herd protects them , and they watch out for each other . The lions , they know they must sneak up quietly , and get as close as they can and surprise the zebra , or pounce on the zebra when the zebra tries to get through the bush . "  Each one reacts and counter-reacts to the other . It is not easy to win . But once now , one does . Once later , the other one does . It is not so uneven . It is the way they live . " And this time , the impala will win , because it knows , just ahead , there is a small lake , and it knows dogs can not run fast through water . The dogs are close on the impala 's heels , but it reaches the pond maybe one second ahead , charges in , and the dogs stop at the shore . They know following is pointless , and besides , there are hippopotamus in the lake , and that is a danger . The dogs do n't look happy . In fact , they look stunned . Later , from far off , we see the dogs again in ravenous pursuit of several other impala . The race is on again . We scream over the bumpy grass , trying to catch up , but the pack loses us . Mokwami explains that this time , the dogs will eat . There is no water around , and it is the dog 's last chance before darkness . The impala will not escape . Every evening it is like this , every year , forever . If one makes the journey here , the great game is easy to see . It plays out under the darkening African sky . Over time , the prey get better at escaping , because the ones that do n't , die and do n't reproduce . The predators get better too , because the ones that do n't adapt to the prey 's improving skills also die off . It 's natural selection : All the species improve by hunting or fleeing from each other . On the way back to camp , tracker Kgaogano catches a hyena in his spotlight . It is heading toward where the dogs last chased the impala . It will see if the dogs left anything for it to eat , Mokwami explains . Maybe the hyena will try to chase the dogs from their catch . Maybe it will win tonight . Maybe not .	A rare sighting of African wild dogs leads to an exciting game drive Thousands of tourists visit the Okavango Delta each year to see survival in action "  It is a great balance , " a guide said . "  It is great drama every day "
EW.com  -- History Channel 's "  The Bible " premiere delivered divine Nielsen ratings Sunday night , thumping all of the major broadcast shows . The miniseries ' two-hour cable network premiere was seen by 13.1 million viewers and scored a 3.3 rating among adults 18-49 . That 's more viewers and a higher demo rating than any show on the major broadcast networks last night and ranks as cable 's most-watched entertainment telecast this year . If you include the show 's repeat , the viewership rises to 14.8 million for the night . "  The success of ` The Bible ' has catapulted History into one of the most powerful brands across media landscape and we could not be more thrilled and more proud , " Nancy Dubuc , president of A&E Networks . "  Clearly there is a nationwide groundswell that was waiting for this moment ... An enormous debt of gratitude goes out to everyone and the amazing effort put forth to drive us to this amazing win . Clearly the passion for this project has resonated with our viewers and across the nation . We are thrilled , and the story is only just beginning . " "  The Bible " could n't quite top History 's previous record-setting mini Hatfields & McCoys , however , which had a stunning 13.9 million viewers for its premiere last year . And last night 's 18-49 demo rating is almost certainly lower than AMC 's mega-hit "  The Walking Dead "  those ratings will not be released until tomorrow  , though "  The Bible " very likely had more viewers . "  The Bible " is a 10-hour live-action miniseries executive produced by "  Survivor " and "  Celebrity Apprentice " executive producer Mark Burnett along with his wife Roma Downey  "  Touched by an Angel "  . Burnett has said he made the special effects-filled project to help tackle "  Bible illiteracy " among young people . "  In school , you have to know a certain amount of Shakespeare , but no Bible , " Burnett told the Christian Science Monitor . "  So there 's got to be a way to look at it from a pure literature point of view . If it was n't for the Bible , arguably Shakespeare would n't have written those stories . " ` Downton Abbey ' : Tom Cullen cast as ... Burnett predicted that "  The Bible , " once you include home video and international sales , will eventually be seen by more viewers "  than any of our other series combined over the next three decades . " It 's off to a good start â $ " among the broadcast shows that The Bible out-performed among total audience last night was Burnett 's own "  All-Star Celebrity Apprentice " premiere on NBC which returned to a disappointing 5.1 million viewers . "  We could not be more thrilled with this out of the gate success , " said Downey and Burnett in a statement . "  The world is watching right now and we are incredibly humbled by the reaction to the series . This No. 1 series is a tribute to all those who have helped us to spread the Word . Ultimately ` The Bible ' will be seen and felt by billions around the globe ... Today , more people are discussing God 's chosen people â $ " Moses and Abraham â $ " in one day than ever before . " Alexis Bledel joins Fox sitcom pilot Also last night , History 's first scripted series "  Vikings " delivered 6.2 million viewers for the premiere and 8.2 million for the night . "  The Bible 's " strong ratings performance comes despite the project garnering some poor reviews from TV critics ; EW 's own Darren Franich called The Bible a "  cheesefest " in this week 's issue . What do you think of History 's big Bible numbers ? See the original article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	History Channel 's "  The Bible " premiere delivered record ratings on Sunday night The miniseries ' two-hour cable network premiere was seen by 13.1 million viewers If you include the show 's repeat , the viewership rises to 14.8 million for the night
CNN  -- Formula One 's new tire provider Pirelli has simulated rainfall in the desert to test its wet-weather products ahead of the 2011 season . The Italian company , which returns to the elite motorsport after a 20-year absence as official supplier in place of Bridgestone , coated the Yas Marina circuit in Abu Dhabi in water for the unprecedented two-night session . Pedro de la Rosa , who raced for Sauber last year , was at the wheel for the final test on Tuesday . The 39-year-old Spaniard drove a Toyota TF109 , the last car made by the Japanese manufacturer before it exited Formula One in 2009 . The tests , which took place between 6 p.m. and midnight local time , were designed to investigate how the tires handled hot and cold tarmac . "  We decided to do it this way because we want to challenge our rain tires with the most difficult and demanding of all situations , " Pirelli 's F1 team director Paul Hembery told the company 's website on Monday . "  And who knows , perhaps it could be a good idea for a future grand prix ? These tests will provide us with useful information to finalize our tire development process for Formula One . "  It is seven months since we started developing our tires and five since we started with the actual testing . We are very satisfied with the results so far . " De la Rosa took part in 14 races with Sauber last year before being replaced by Nick Heidfeld after the Italian Grand Prix in September . Heidfeld , De la Rosa and former Renault driver Romain Grosjean have been testing Pirelli 's range of tires over a period of nine sessions , from wet and intermediate rubber to super-soft and soft compounds . The Yas Marina circuit has been the setting for the final grand prix of the racing calendar since 2009 , and was the scene of Sebastian Vettel 's maiden world championship triumph last November . The 12 Formula One teams set to compete in the 2011 season should be present for the first official pre-season test in Valencia , Spain on February 1 .	Pirelli has been testing its wet-weather tires for the 2011 season in Abu Dhabi The Yas Marina circuit was coated with water to simulate rainy conditions Pedro de la Rosa again drove a Toyota Formula One car for the two-night session
CNN  -- A Christian woman in Sudan reportedly has until Thursday to either recant her faith or face a possible sentence of death . Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , was convicted by a Khartoum court this week of apostasy , or the renunciation of faith , Amnesty International said Wednesday , a day before the expected ruling . The court considers her to be Muslim . According to the rights group , she was also convicted of adultery because her marriage to a Christian man was considered void under Sharia law . "  The fact that a woman could be sentenced to death for her religious choice , and to flogging for being married to a man of an allegedly different religion , is abhorrent and should never be even considered , " Manar Idriss , Amnesty International 's Sudan researcher , said in a statement . " ` Adultery ' and ` apostasy ' are acts which should not be considered crimes at all , let alone meet the international standard of ` most serious crimes ' in relation to the death penalty . It is flagrant breach of international human rights law , " the researcher said . Ibrahim is eight months pregnant and currently in custody with her 20-month-old son , according to Amnesty International , which considers her a prisoner of conscience . Christian Solidarity Worldwide , another rights group , described Ibrahim 's case as follows : She was born to a Sudanese Muslim father and an Ethiopian Orthodox mother . Her father left when she was 6 years old , and Ibrahim was raised by her mother as a Christian . However , because her father was Muslim , she was considered by the courts to be the same , which would mean her marriage to a non-Muslim man is void . In past cases involving pregnant or nursing women , the Sudanese government waited until the mother weaned her child before executing any sentence , said Christian Solidarity Worldwide spokeswoman Kiri Kankhwende . After-hours attempts Wednesday to contact the Justice Minister and Foreign Affairs Minister in Sudan were unsuccessful . Foreign embassies in Khartoum are urging the government there to reverse course . "  We call upon the Government of Sudan to respect the right to freedom of religion , including one 's right to change one 's faith or beliefs , a right which is enshrined in international human rights law as well as in Sudan 's own 2005 Interim Constitution , " the embassies of the United States , United Kingdom , Canada and Netherlands said in a statement . "  We further urge Sudanese legal authorities to approach Ms. Meriam 's case with justice and compassion that is in keeping with the values of the Sudanese people , " it read . Journalist Isma'il Kushkush contributed to this report .	Meriam Yehya Ibrahim , 27 , was convicted of apostasy and adultery She considers herself Christian , but a court contends that she is Muslim She could be sentenced to death and to flogging Foreign embassies in Khartoum are urging the government to reverse course
Cairo  CNN  -- A leading figure in the Sunni Islam world called for fellow believers to respond to recent controversial portrayals of Mohammed -- which he said "  spread hatred " -- just like the prophet himself would , "  through patience and wisdom . " The Grand Mufti of Egypt Ali Gomaa spoke to CNN as Muslims staged yet more passionate protests Saturday in yet more locales , from Germany to Lebanon to Bangladesh , as they have since September 11 . Demonstrators railed against an obscure , 14-minute trailer for a film that mocks Mohammed as a womanizer , child molester and killer -- as well as the country in which it was privately produced , the United States -- and more recently a French satirical magazine 's cartoons of a figure representing Mohammed . Egypt 's grand mufti questioned whether in the United States , for example , the inflammatory film "  Innocence of Muslims " was not illegal under laws prohibiting the spread of hatred . And he also challenged if laws protecting freedom of speech were applicable . "  This is not freedom of speech , this is an attack on humanity ,  an  attack on religions , and  an  attack on human rights , " he said . At the same time , the North African nation 's grand mufti -- a figure appointed by Egypt 's government whose pronouncements often hold significant sway in the Muslim world -- stressed conflict is not the answer , saying , "  We live together and must respect our neighbors . " "  These cartoons spread hatred , and we call for peace , " he said , adding that Islamic leaders "  fear the spread of hatred " against their religion and oppose "  the mocking " of any religion . Noting Egypt-based Coptic Church bishops had condemned the film that sparked protests , Egypt 's grand mufti -- who noted he 's active in the Coexist Foundation , which promotes religious tolerance -- urged an end to the cycle of different groups attacking each other . And in Egypt , at least , he vowed Muslims and Christians will continue to peacefully coexist despite the recent turmoil . "  My message to those who want  strife  between Muslims and Christians in Egypt , I tell them , ` You will not succeed , because we are one people that have been living together for more than 1,400 years , ' " he said . More Muslims protest inflammatory film , cartoons The trailer for "  Innocence of Muslims " was posted online to YouTube in July , but it was n't until earlier this month that it gained attention in the Muslim world and stirred tens of thousands of protest in more than 20 nations . While most of these demonstrations have been peaceful , a number have been marred by violence that has left more than two dozen people dead -- among them U.S. Ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three other Americans killed in an attack on the consulate in Benghazi , Libya . And there were more protests Saturday , in which Muslims once again derided the film and , in many cases , the United States . Among them : -- Thousands of Shiite Muslims protested in the Nigerian city of Kano , with the crowd shouting "  God is great " and "  Death to America , " resident Sani isa Mohammed told CNN . There were no immediate reports of violence , according to a police officer said . "  The imam called us to join in the call to damn the evil film from America which insulted the prophet and we joined in the march , " Mohammed said . "  We chanted and shouted . My voice is hoarse from screaming ! " -- Protests in Bangladesh 's capital , Dhaka , turned violent as police fired tear gas and used clubs to disperse the crowd , which included some wielding sticks and flinging chunks of bricks , police and witnesses said . Demonstrators in the South Asian nation -- which has one of the world 's largest Muslim populations -- torched a police van and damaged police cars , and several protesters and protest leaders were arrested , the spokesman said . Activists called a countrywide general strike for Sunday in protest of a government ban issued Friday on any kind of gatherings and rallies in downtown Purana Paltan , centering the national mosque . Benazir Ahmed , chief of the Dhaka Metropolitan Police , defended a ban that he said was imposed to maintain law and order . -- Hundreds took to the streets of Dortmund , Germany , chanting and peacefully denouncing what they described as injustices against Islam . One banner , for instance , noted that insulting blacks , Jews or women would be defined as racism , anti-Semitism and sexism , respectively , but questioned why insulting the Muslim Prophet would qualify as freedom of opinion . -- Thousands carrying Lebanese and Hezbollah flags turned out in Bint Jbeil , in southeastern Lebanon . Prompted by speakers , they chanted anti-American slogans and derided any attempt to defame the Prophet Mohammed . Druze and Christian leaders in the area joined top Muslim figures at the demonstration . -- A day after at least 27 people were killed and more than 100 injured as mobs ransacked banks , theaters , government offices and a church and clashed with security forces , at least 3,500 female students of Islamabad 's Lal Masjid , or Red Mosque , protested the film The women and girls wore headbands on top of their burqas as they marched through Islamabad 's streets , carrying placards saying "  America is the biggest terrorist " and "  Say NO to American products , " mosque spokesman Abdul Qadir told CNN . "  We will respond to this insult whether we are men or women , " they chanted . American diplomatic official summoned in Pakistan Pakistan 's Ministry of Foreign Affairs , meanwhile , summoned U.S. charges d'affaires Ambassador Richard Hoagland on Friday to demand the United States remove the controversial movie from YouTube . Islamabad -- which had declared a "  national holiday " to protest the film -- has blocked the site in recent days . According to a statement , the ministry lodged a protest with Hoagland over the movie , describing it as "  a premeditated and a malicious act to spread hatred and violence among people of different faiths . " Hoagland reiterated the Obama administration 's repeated condemnation of the movie and its message , emphasizing that the United States government had nothing to do with it . "  Ambassador Hoagland stated that this act was a deeply insensitive decision by a single individual to disseminate hatred , " according to a statement released by the U.S. Embassy . "  It does not reflect the values of the United States , a nation of more than 300 million people , built upon the pillars of religious freedom and tolerance . " The U.S. mission in Lahore , Pakistan , on Saturday extended the temporary suspension of services amid news of two planned protests that were expected to draw hundreds , according to a U.S. State Department security announcement . Washington launches TV , social media campaign The United States has been trying to stem anger in Pakistan through television advertisements and a Facebook campaign . The U.S. State Department spent $ 70,000 on television public service announcements that began airing last week in Pakistan . The ads feature Obama and Secretary of State Hillary Clinton disavowing the anti-Islam video . On the Facebook page of the U.S. Embassy in Islamabad , officials posted a video of two Americans speaking out against the film , but that has drawn overwhelmingly negative responses . "  If America  does  not have any concern with this film then why  is  their government not taking any action against this act ? Why there is no law  to  protect the religious  beliefs  of Muslims ? " read a Facebook post by someone identified as Numra Sheikh . CNN 's Yousuf Basil , Shaan Khan , Reza Sayah and Chelsea J. Carter and journalists Farid Ahmed and Hassan John contributed to this report .	NEW : Angry about government ban on protests , activists in Bangladesh call a general strike The grand mufti of Egypt says anti-Islam video spreads "  hatred , " which should be illegal He adds that Muslims want peace and respect , not conflict Muslims protest Saturday in Nigeria , Bangladesh , Germany and Pakistan
CNN  -- A California-based commercial pilot says the Transportation Security Administration retaliated against him after he posted videos online showing what he described as shortcomings in airport security . The series of videos showed scenes from inside the San Francisco International Airport and were narrated by the pilot , who pointed out the contrast between the passengers who were heavily scrutinized , while a single door separated employees who worked on the airfield from the airport . "  I was trying to bring up the obvious , ludicrous TSA-type of security , " the pilot said , referring to the cell phone videos he posted , and later removed , from the popular video-sharing website YouTube . The pilot requested anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . He said he did n't think much about posting his videos online in late November , but that within a matter of days , his chief pilot called him to ask him to remove the videos because they were "  stirring a commotion . " A few days after that , the pilot was informed by the TSA that he was being suspended from a program in which he participated , the Federal Flight Deck Officer program . As an officer in the program , he was deputized by TSA to carry a handgun in the cockpit . "  Basically , an air marshal in the sky , " the pilot said of the volunteer program . After his suspension , four air marshals and two local deputies showed up at his home near Sacramento , California , to personally confiscate his weapon . The only answer he could get from the TSA as to why he was suspended from the program was that he may have violated a regulation , he said . The TSA said that it holds those serving as federal flight deck officers to "  the highest ethical standards , " and said it took action because the pilot was in the program . "  FFDOs must be able to maintain sensitive security information as a condition of the FFDO program , " TSA spokeswoman Sarah Horowitz said . "  As the issuing authority of credentials and firearms , TSA reviews each possible violation of those standards and acts accordingly up to and including removing an individual from the assigned role . " Horowitz also defended security measures at the San Francisco airport , saying that there are "  measures in place that are both seen and unseen . " In the aftermath of the incident , the pilot said he resigned from the program . In the age of WikiLeaks , where divulging sensitive information can be so controversial , why did this pilot decide to share his videos so publicly ? "  I did n't think anything would come of it , " said the 50-year-old pilot , a veteran who was a maintenance test pilot . "  This is really about getting the message out and demanding intelligent security , " Don Werno , the pilot 's attorney , said . "  No state secrets are being shown here . What 's being shown here is a lack of security . " Beyond the TSA action , the pilot 's airline had not taken any action against him , and he counts on the support of his union . However , when the sheriff 's deputies showed up at his house with the air marshals , they also took his California concealed weapons permit . The pilot said this permit was unrelated to his work for the TSA . CNN 's Jim Barnett contributed to this report .	The videos show what he called lax security at the San Francisco airport "  I was trying to bring up the obvious , ludicrous TSA-type of security , " the pilot says The TSA suspends him from the Federal Flight Deck Officer program and takes his gun TSA says he may have violated a regulation , pilot says
Dolpa , Nepal  CNN  -- Ram Bahadur Jafra and his two brothers crouch on a field , picking through blades of grass and staring at the soil . They have traveled five days by foot to a Himalayan meadow at a 4,300 meter elevation deep inside Nepal 's Dolpa district . They came , as tens of thousands do each year , to harvest a highly valuable commodity from the high-altitude soil : the Himalayan caterpillar fungus -- also known as Himalayan Viagra . Caterpillar fungus , or as it 's called in Tibetan , "  yartsa gunbu , " meaning "  summer grass , winter worm , " is a specimen created when a parasitic fungus infects caterpillars underground which , were they not forestalled by the fungus , would produce ghost moths . After the fungus mummifies the caterpillar underground , it thrusts out of the soil . It 's this tiny protuberance that the harvesters spend weeks each spring searching for . A hundred or so people crawl across the field in a mulled silence until a sole searcher lets out an excited cry . Dozens rush over to witness , Jafra is the first to arrive . The woman who has discovered the specimen uses an ice pick to prod the earth and dig a hole about six inches in diameter . She then lifts a clump of earth up and sifts out the specimen . The crowd gossips about its value -- "  it 's small , only 300 rupees ! "  about $ 3  . A middle man will offer her that amount , then walk it to a market in Tibet and sell it for three times the price . Jafra explains : "  We pay attention when other people find them . This is our first time coming for the harvest . We 've been here for nearly a week . We have n't found anything , because we do n't know what they look like -- we do n't know what we 're looking for . " See also : Himalayan glaciers ` buck melting trend ' Like many others , Ram and his brothers traveled for the harvest betting on hope alone . "  People in our village talked about the money to be earned , so we came , " he says . The rumors of riches are not baseless . According to experts , the market value of yartsa gunbu has increased by 900 % between 1997 and 2008 . One study says 500 grams of top quality yartsa gunbu can sell for up to $ 13,000 in Lhasa , Tibet , or up to $ 26,000 in Shanghai . Average annual income in Nepal 's rural mid-and-far-western hills , where many harvesters live , is just $ 283 , according to the government . Police in Dolpa expect 40,000 people to migrate to the district this year . The influx of migrant harvesters speaks volumes to the increasing global commodification of yartsa gunbu . Prized in traditional Tibetan and Chinese medicinal practices for its power as an elixir or an aphrodisiac , in recent years commercial dubbing of the product as "  Himalayan Viagra " has driven up both demand and market value around the world . But the unprecedented flood of harvesters has observers concerned about the environmental impacts of this informal economic boom . "  Look at the hills , " says Gyalpo Thandin , a student in Dolpa , "  they 're all torn up from people digging . By next year they 'll be deserts . " Thandin , who was visiting home for the harvest , remembers when the yartsa gunbu season meant local bounty , not commercial competition . "  Just five years ago the numbers were lower , " he says . "  Every year we see more people come and more grasslands get damaged . People who come hack at the land with tools and leave it to dry out . " He says his family 's yaks have died in recent winters due to depleted grass caused by the harvest . See also : Bringing Nepal 's ghost town back to life Environmental protection measures offer some hope . Six years ago , a committee of community leaders in Dolpa instituted a taxation system on harvesters in an effort to control numbers and ensure the local community remained resilient amidst environmental changes . The committee charges locals 1,000 rupees  $ 11  and outsiders 3,000 rupees  $ 33  to join the harvest . The system is intended to spend the money on environmental protection measures and to subsidize food for villages in the district . Similar systems exist in harvest areas across the Himalayas . However , some worry the measure is ineffective . A former committee member who spoke on the condition of anonymity suggests that charging admission to the harvest has only made it seem even more valuable , and as a result , drawn more harvesters . "  The goal of the system was to charge people and therefore limit the number who would want to come for the harvest , but putting a price on the entry might actually be encouraging more people , " he says . A leading expert on Himalayan caterpillar fungus , ecologist and geographer Daniel Winkler , believes the future of the harvests is contingent on many factors -- collection intensity , rainfall , and climate change among them . "  Centuries of collection indicate that caterpillar fungus is a relatively resilient resource , " he says . But his research suggests that over-harvesting is contributing to fewer fungal spores being around for the next season . Winkler believes education is the key element to promoting sustainable resource conservation . "  Knowledge of fungal reproduction ... and  establishing  an end-date to the collection season might allow for sufficient spore dispersal to guarantee sustainability , " he adds . As communities in Nepal , one of the world 's poorest countries , cope with the economic need and the increasing desire for high-value commodities like yartsa gunbu , conservation efforts will require cooperation between leaders at village , district , and national levels . There is no question this Himalayan "  gold rush " buoys rural economies . Keeping it around for future generations will be the challenge .	Caterpillar fungus -- known as Himalayan Viagra -- is prized in traditional medicine Thousands of people travel to Nepal 's Dolpa district each year to harvest the caterpillar fungus Some locals say the harvesters are damaging hillsides and grasslands Expert says education is needed for the harvesting to be sustainable long term
CNN  -- The lead singer of a 1970 tune that is sampled on a new Kanye West song has filed suit , alleging the rapper used the snippet without his permission . Ricky Spicer was 12 when he became the lead singer for a group called the Ponderosa Twins Plus One in 1969 . A year later , they recorded "  Bound , " according to the suit . Spicer , now 56 , says his voice is heard in West 's song "  Bound 2 " at least four times . "  Mr. Spicer 's voice is sampled exactly as he recorded it and his voice , altered by the Defendants , is also heard several times , " the 13-page complaint alleges . In the credits for the album "  Yeezus , " Def Jam Records says the song was licensed through Rhino Entertainment and Robinson Music Group . The lawsuit names West , Def Jam , Rhino , Roc-A-Fella Records , and Universal Music Group as defendants . It seeks unspecified damages for common law copyright infringement . The Ponderosa Twins were two sets of twins and Spicer . According to the lawsuit , Alvin and Alfred Pelham are dead and Keith and Kirk Gardner are imprisoned . Spicer has power of attorney for the Gardner twins , the suit says . The suit , which was filed in New York , says Spicer has a copyright on "  Bound . " It asks for exemplary damages and further compensation the court thinks is appropriate . Kanye West did not say he 's the ` next Nelson Mandela ' West co-opts Confederate flag : Publicity stunt or way to prompt debate ?	Ricky Spicer says his voice from 1970 song ` Bound ' is heard on West 's ` Bound 2 ' The credits for the new song say the snippet was licensed from two music companies Spicer seeks unspecified damages
CNN  -- A CNN Hero 's journey to global recognition begins with a nomination by someone who 's been touched by their efforts -- someone like you who wants us to share their story with the world . History has shown that great things can happen to those selected as CNN Heroes : • Andrea Ivory has nearly doubled the amount of free mammograms she 's offered to underserved women in South Florida . • Doc Hendley , of Boone , North Carolina , expanded his sustainable clean-water systems on three continents as well as earthquake-ravaged Haiti . • Dan Wallrath , of Houston , Texas , and his organization , Operation Finally Home , doubled the number of homes they 've built for injured veterans . • Anne Mahlum expanded her Philadelphia running program for the homeless into eight cities across the country . • Jordan Thomas of Chattanooga , Tennessee , has delivered prosthetic limbs to children in three countries . Do you know an everyday person changing the world ? It 's easy to nominate them as a CNN Hero . Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting your nomination . • Think about what makes your hero special . Ask yourself : What makes my nominee unique ? What specific accomplishment has he or she achieved that is truly remarkable ? What impact has their work had on others ? We encourage you to watch videos of previous CNN Heroes to familiarize yourself with the achievements of the inspiring individuals we honor as "  everyday people changing the world . " • Take a look at our nomination form . We suggest you review the information requested about yourself , your nominee and their work before filling out your submission . • Tell us about your hero ! Take your time and write from the heart . Remember : What you share -- in your own words -- is the most important factor in advancing a nomination for further consideration . You can enter your answers to the essay questions directly on the form , or write them first in a word-processing document and "  cut-and-paste " them into each answer field . Please note that the information you provide will be used in accordance with our privacy policy . • Click "  Submit . " If your nomination has been successfully transmitted , you 'll see a "  thank you " message on your screen . If you provided us with your e-mail address , we 'll also send a confirmation that your nomination has been received . And yes , we read each and every one . That 's it ! Nominations for 2012 CNN Heroes remain open through August 31 , 2012 . Frequently Asked Questions Q : Who is eligible to be considered as a CNN Hero ? A : Nominations must be in the name of a single individual , at least 13 years of age , whose accomplishment occurred  or continued  after September 1 , 2011 . Nominees in the "  Young Wonder " category must be 25 years of age or younger . Groups and organizations are ineligible for consideration . Self-nominations will not be accepted . Citizens of voided countries are also ineligible . For complete details on eligibility requirements and other rules governing selection of CNN Heroes , please read our Legal Disclosures . Q : How will I know if my hero is selected ? A : Because of the high volume of nominations received , we can not respond individually to each submission . However , if your nomination advances , we will contact you and your nominee through the contact information you provide . Q : What if I do n't know my nominee 's address , e-mail , and telephone number ? A : Please make every effort to provide as much contact information as possible . We require either an email address or telephone number so we may quickly contact your nominee to obtain their permission for consideration as a CNN Hero . Q : May I submit additional supportive information about my nominee ? A : There 's space at the end of the form to provide links to articles or Web sites with more information about your hero . Please do not send additional materials unless requested . Q : May I mail or fax my nomination ? A : No . All nominations must be submitted online through our Web site . Q : What if my nomination form is rejected ? A : When filling out your form , please note that certain information is required . Those fields are marked with an asterisk  *  . If you are not certain of your hero 's nationality , select "  Other " from the country drop-down menu . Likewise , if you 're unsure which category their cause belongs in , just click "  Other . " CNN is not responsible for technical problems that may prevent your submission from being successfully transmitted . You may wish to first write and save the answers to essay questions in a word-processing document . That way , if you need to re-submit your nomination , you can "  cut-and-paste " those answers into the form without re-writing them . Q : Can I buy tickets to "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " ? A : Unfortunately , seating is limited and by invitation only . Airdates and times for the global broadcast of "  CNN Heroes : An All-Star Tribute " will be announced later this year . Have other questions or comments about CNN Heroes ? Contact us	CNN Heroes are selected after being nominated by someone like you Here are some suggestions we hope will help you in crafting a nomination Nominations are being accepted online through August 31 , 2012
CNN  -- A 15-year-old sophomore who held his classmates and a teacher hostage for about five hours Monday at his northeast Wisconsin high school , and then turned one of his guns on himself as police approached , died on Tuesday , police said . Samuel Hengel was pronounced dead at 10:44 a.m. , Marinette , Wisconsin , Police Chief Jeff Skorik told reporters . Skorik previously had said the youth was in grave condition at a Green Bay hospital . Hengel shot himself as police broke into the Marinette High School classroom after hearing gunshots Monday night . He initially was taken to a Marinette hospital and later was transferred to Green Bay , Skorik said . All the hostages were unharmed . Skorik said Tuesday that police are still trying to determine a motive , saying the student was well-liked , had no prior law enforcement contact and "  was a good student . " Authorities interviewed Hengel 's parents Monday night , he said . "  I was unaware of any problems with this particular student , " said Principal Corry Lambie . "  He was a student in good standing . " "  We may never truly know why this happened , " Marinette County District Attorney Allen Brey told reporters . He pledged to provide a complete report on the incident . Authorities lauded teacher Valerie Burd for helping keep Hengel and the other students calm and potentially saving lives . The students themselves also were commended , with police saying they attempted to engage Hengel in conversation and keep him from becoming agitated . "  Five or six " shell casings from both of Hengel 's weapons -- a .22 - caliber semi-automatic and a 9 mm semi-automatic -- were found in the classroom , Skorik said . Bullets for those weapons also were found in Hengel 's pocket at the hospital , and a duffel bag left in the classroom contained "  numerous live rounds , " he said . A bomb squad was called in to X-ray and remove the bag , Skorik said . A knife also was recovered , but it was unclear whether it was in the bag , police said . Police entered the classroom , on a below-ground level , after hearing three gunshots Monday . However , based on witness accounts as well as the shell casings , authorities believe Hengel also fired the weapons "  prior to police arrival and prior to the school being aware of the situation , " Skorik said . It appeared the student did not aim at anyone , however , he said . Bullet holes were found in a desk and in some audio-visual equipment in the classroom . Police initially said the student was thought to have taken over the classroom before school ended about 3:10 p.m. . But Skorik said Tuesday authorities think the student entered the class for "  sixth hour " about 1:30 p.m. and took it over then , firing the first shots -- which apparently went unheard outside the room -- sometime after that . Officials believe Hengel did not bring the duffel bag into class , but asked to use the bathroom , then went to his locker and retrieved it , said school Superintendent Tim Baneck . The student prevented anyone from leaving the room and would communicate only with police via the teacher , Skorik said . Hengel apparently ordered that everyone give up their cell phones . The teacher used a land line telephone in the classroom to communicate with hostage negotiators , Lambie said . He said he was alerted to a possible problem when a parent came to the school and said his daughter had not responded to repeated calls to her cell phone . The office called Burd 's classroom on the land line . Burd answered and was told the student 's parent was trying to reach her . Lambie said he and his assistant principal went to Burd 's classroom about 3:45 p.m. . The door was locked , and the room was dark , he said . Lambie said he used his key to open the door and took a couple of steps inside . As he did , the female student whose parent had come to the school left without incident , he told reporters . But Hengel pointed the gun at him and told him to leave , Lambie said . He did so , and called 911 . The girl 's departure left 24 hostages still in the classroom , Lambie said . Hengel released five others about 7:40 p.m. after they used the bathroom , police said . Students coming to the classroom for their seventh-period class saw a note posted on the door directing them to report to the library , Baneck said . At 8:03 p.m. , police positioned outside the classroom heard three gunshots and went inside the room . They confronted the suspect , who then fired one shot at himself . He was treated by medical personnel at the scene before being transported to the hospital . Skorik told reporters that as the incident drew to a close , the suspect received a call and became "  agitated . " He did not know who had called him . The remaining hostages , including Burd , then were put on a bus and brought to the courthouse to be reunited with their families . Parents had gathered in the jury assembly room along with counselors , police and school officials , Skorik said . Witnesses told police that the suspect was communicating with other students , and "  the dialogue at times , I 'm told , was light , " Skorik said . "  There were just general discussions , as far as we 've gathered to this point . There was nothing specific identified by the hostage-taker as far as his reasoning behind holding those children in the class with a firearm . " At other times during the ordeal , the suspect was described as being "  quiet and sullen , " the police chief said . He made no demands or requests of authorities during the incident . Follow-up interviews with the students , Burd and others were under way Tuesday , officials said . The school was closed Tuesday . Baneck said Monday that school officials were working to make counselors available to students and others affected by the incident . Officials plan to reopen the school Wednesday , officials said . Authorities were attempting to determine where the teen got the weapons and how he managed to get them into the school , Skorik said . Baneck said school officials would review the incident and ask if anything could have been done differently . "  If there are some things we could improve upon ... you can be assured we will be implementing that , " he said . Marinette , a town of about 11,600 residents , borders Lake Michigan about an hour 's drive north of Green Bay , Wisconsin . Marinette High School has about 700 students in grades nine through 12 , Baneck said . CNN 's Greg Botelho contributed to this report .	The suspect dies from a self-inflicted gunshot wound Police identify him as 15-year-old Samuel Hengel Police say incident began earlier than previously thought Duffel bag contained more ammunition for both weapons
CNN  -- Eight-time gold medal winner at the Beijing Olympics and multiple world-record holder Michael Phelps warmed up for the Swimming World Championships in Rome by setting a new men 's world record in the 100 meters butterfly . Michael Phelps attacks the pool in Indianapolis to set a new world mark in the 100m fly . The 24-year-old American shaved 18-hundredths of a second from the previous mark set by compatriot Ian Crocker in 2005 , with a time of 50.22 on the third day of competition at the U.S. National Championships in the Indianapolis . "  I was pretty happy with my swim . I really wanted to break 50 seconds , but that is something to shoot for , " Phelps told the event 's official Web site . "  Ian Crocker texted me after prelims . He wished me all the luck . That really meant a lot to me as a competitor and as a friend , " he added . The new time takes Phelps 's personal tally of individual world records to five , to add to the three he can claim from relay events , and means he has qualified for three events at the upcoming World Championships in Rome thus far . Places were booked with wins in the 200m freestyle and 200m butterfly on Wednesday while a further slot could be confirmed via the 100m freestyle . Phelps , who was banned for three months when he was pictured smoking drugs at a party after returning from Beijing , has been eager to regain his Olympic form after his enforced exile from the pool . "  This is something that I really , really wanted to accomplish , " Phelps told the LA Times . "  Crock and I had a lot of great history , a lot of great races with one another . I 've wanted that record ever since he took it in '03 worlds ... . After the race , you could tell I was pretty fired up and excited . " Elsewhere , twelve-time Olympic medallist Dara Torres qualified for the World Championships team in the 50m freestyle . The American told the LA Times there was still work to do despite the result : "  My coach was telling me I probably lost four or five tenths -LSB- of a second -RSB- on the start , " said Torres . "  The adrenaline kind of took over so I did n't really feel  my knee injury  . It 's a great feeling to be able to be out there and still race -LSB- at age 42 -RSB- , but that time wo n't medal at the world championships , " Torres added . The men 's 50m freestyle saw four Olympians battled for the gold , with Nathan Adrian beating his 2008 Olympic teammates Cullen Jones and Garrett Weber-Gale by 0.3 seconds .	Michael Phelps sets new men 's 100m fly world record time of 50.22 The American has now qualified for three events at the World Championships Phelps , 24 , now holds five personal world records in the pool New time went better than the mark set by compatriot Ian Crocker in 2005
Authorities in Kenya appeared close to ending a deadly siege Monday at an upscale Nairobi mall , where attackers have killed at least 68 people , injured 175 , and are believed to still be holding about 10 people hostage . "  All efforts are underway to bring this matter to a speedy conclusion , " the Kenyan military announced on Twitter . It said that "  most of the hostages have been rescued and security forces have taken control of most parts of the building . " Earlier , police had tweeted that a "  MAJOR assault " by security forces was ongoing . The developments come some two days after Al-Shabaab militants first stormed the shopping center , spraying bullets and unleashing chaos . There are believed to be between 10-15 gunmen involved in the attack , officials said . Sources within Al-Shabaab told CNN that nine names listed on a Twitter site -- now suspended -- were people who were among the alleged hostage-takers . Three of the alleged attackers are from the United States , two are from Somalia and there is one each from Canada , Finland , Kenya and the United Kingdom , according to the list . The FBI is looking into the claim that American citizens were involved the attack , but have not confirmed that . Similarly , a senior State Department official said that the United States is trying to determine whether any of the alleged attackers are American . But , the official said , authorities are becoming more confident American citizens were involved . Kenyan President Uhuru Kenyatta vowed Sunday to hold those responsible for the violence , accountable . The tragedy is personal for the president ; one of his nephews and his fiancee were among the dead . "  They shall not get away with their despicable , beastly acts . Like the cowardly perpetrators now cornered in the building , we will punish the masterminds swiftly and indeed very painfully , " Kenyatta said . ` Bunch of cowards ' Sporadic gunfire could be heard throughout the day Sunday , and at least one explosion . Those sounds were followed by periods of tense silence . Soldiers kept vigil outside the mall , guns dangling from their shoulders . Later in the day , helicopters approached . The Kenyan Red Cross tweeted that nine bodies were recovered Sunday night , bringing the death toll to 68 . More than 175 were injured in the attack , Kenyatta said . He and other Kenyan officials visited hospitals Sunday morning . "  No one should lose their life so needlessly , so senselessly and no family should have to receive news that their loved ones have been killed by a criminal bunch of cowards , " the president said . The mall siege was the deadliest terror attack in Kenya since al Qaeda blew up the U.S. Embassy there in 1998 , killing 213 people . Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's proxy in Somalia , claimed responsibility , and said it was not backing down . In a message on its Twitter feed , the group said "  all Muslims " were escorted from the mall before the attack . "  When justice is denied , it must be enforced , " it said in a tweet Sunday . "  Kenyans were relatively safe in their cities before they invaded us & killed Muslims #Westgate " Since Kenya launched attacks against Al-Shabaab in Somalia in 2011 , the group has hurled grenades at Kenyan churches , bus stops and other public places . Last year , the Kenyan military played a major role in handing Al-Shabaab forces a defeat when as part of a peacekeeping mission , they liberated the key Somali port of Kismayo . The attack Saturday targeted a popular weekend meeting spot . Kenyans and expatriates gather at the luxurious Westgate Shopping Mall on weekends to drink lattes , catch a movie or browse through the more than 80 stores . Many questions Police in Kenya grew irritated as people took to social media to describe what they were seeing and hearing . "  If you must Facebook or tweet , then talk about football or your favourite music but NOT MISINFORM the public on security operations ! " authorities said on Twitter . Three injured security forces were taken out of the besieged mall , but the severity of their injuries was unclear . By Sunday afternoon , at least 1,000 people had been freed from the mall , Kenyatta said . But some 30 people were believed to still be held . Later , that number fell to no more than 10 , military spokesman Cyrus Oguna told CNN affiliate KTN . "  The number that is still left in the building is very , very small , " he said , without providing details on how people got out . One apparent hostage left the building Sunday , and said she had been hiding in the basement of the mall , KTN reported . Al-Shabaab vowed not to negotiate with Kenyan authorities . "  The Mujahideen are still strong inside #Westgate Mall and still holding their ground , " the group tweeted late Saturday . Israeli special forces were at the scene and were working with their Kenyan counterparts in the hostage crisis , Kenyan government sources told CNN . Kenyatta said several nations had offered help but "  this remains an operation of the Kenya security agencies . " State House spokesman Manoah Esipisu said there were reports of a white woman among the hostage takers . Kenyan intelligence officials were investigating the claims , he said . Esipisu was asked if the reported woman was thought to be the infamous Al-Shabaab-affiliated "  White Widow , " Samantha Lewthwaite . "  Nothing is being ruled out , " he said . But CNN terrorism analyst Peter Bergen said it was unlikely . "  It would be very unusual for a woman to be involved in one of these operations , " he said . "  Typically these groups are misogynist . Their view is the woman should be in a home and shrouded in a body veil . " Lewthwaite 's husband , Germaine Lindsey , was one of the suicide bombers killed in the 2005 attack on London 's transportation system . His Buckinghamshire-born widow is wanted by Kenyan authorities for her alleged role as an Al-Shabaab and al Qaeda-linked financier . A day of horror The calm was shattered around noon local time Saturday . Gunshots erupted as shoppers picked up groceries , savored lunch and browsed through the racks at stores . Before long , pools of blood smeared pristine hallways . Bodies lay strewn across the floor . Uche Kaigwa-Okoye was sipping coffee when he heard what first sounded like a fallen table , then the continuing rat-a-tat of gunfire . As the gunshots became louder , screaming crowds headed for the exits . He joined 20 people who took shelter for about five hours in a women 's bathroom cubicle . "  They had grenades , and it was really , really loud , " he said of the attackers . He noticed tear gas in the hallways as well . "  All of us felt like they were close , " he said . As people texted family and friends outside the mall , word spread that nobody could be trusted . And even if the good guys could be sorted from the bad guys , the intermittent barrages of gunfire made any escape attempt seem futile . Sara Head , a Washington resident , experienced similar horror in the mall 's parking garage . As her car pulled up , she heard gunfire . She crawled underneath and hid behind cars before getting into a stairwell . Eventually , the stairwell lights came back on and the door to a nearby supermarket opened . She dashed through , passed a nearby loading dock and fled to safety . "  There was blood throughout the supermarket , " Head said . "  It was n't clear if it was OK to exit . " Several Kenyan agencies made a plea for blood donations . "  Hospitals are appealing for more blood , the response is incredible but more is needed , " tweeted Francis Kimemia , secretary to the Cabinet . Foreigners among casualties Most of the casualties are Kenyan , authorities said . But the mall is popular with expatriates and foreign nationals , who were among those killed and injured . Those killed include three British citizens , two French nationals and two Canadians , including a diplomat , their governments said . Several American citizens were among the wounded , including Elaine Dang , a University of California , Berkeley , graduate . Dang worked as the general manager for Eat Out Kenya , which confirmed her injuries on its Twitter and Facebook pages . A State Department spokeswoman said Sunday there were five Americans among the injured , but none among the dead . "  Obviously it 's an enormous offense against everybody 's sense of right and wrong , " said Secretary of State John Kerry . "  It represents the seriousness and the breadth of the challenge we face with ruthless and completely reckless terrorists , and we 're going to pursue them . " The U.S. Embassy asked personnel to stay in place Sunday and avoid the Westgate Mall area and any large gatherings . All U.S. citizens in Kenya were urged to register online so the embassy can provide them with updated information on travel and security -- and can contact them in case of emergency . Israel 's Foreign Ministry said one national was slightly wounded and three escaped . A cafe at the mall is owned by an Israeli , but the ministry does not believe the mall was targeted because of that . The Ghana president 's office said literary figure Kofi Awoonor was among those killed in the attack . "  Such a sad twist of fate to place Prof at the wrong place at the wrong time , " President John Mahama said in a statement .	The number of hostages believed to be held drops to 10 or less Security forces are reported to have taken control of most of the mall Three of the alleged attackers are believed to be from the United States At least 68 people have been killed , another 175 injured
CNN  -- Iselle has cleared Hawaii , and all tropical storm warnings have been canceled , the National Weather Service said Friday . It is still a tropical storm , as it drifts farther away from the state . Hurricane Julio should pass by over the weekend and is expected to track north of Hawaii , according to current predictions , sparing the state . But the weather service advised the public to remain diligent , as weather conditions and the forecast could change . Iselle 's top winds weakened to 60 mph as it made landfall at 2:30 a.m. Friday along the Kau coast of the Big Island . Had the storm remained a hurricane , it would have been the first to hit Hawaii in decades . By Friday night , the National Weather Service canceled the tropical storm warnings for Maui County and Oahu . Kauai , however , remained under a tropical storm warning . A warning for Hawaii County was canceled earlier . A flash flood watch remained in place for the state through 6 a.m. Saturday . Iselle was still producing locally damaging wind gusts over the smaller islands , the statement said . The state 's primary election was expected to take place Saturday despite the storm . Abercrombie , who has taken advantage of the storm to show leadership and appear on television , is in a tough race against State Sen. David Ige in the Democratic primary . U.S. Sen. Brian Schatz faces a challenge from U.S. Rep. Colleen Hanabusa . Schatz was appointed to the seat after the death of longtime Sen. Daniel Inouye . Heavy rains were the biggest threat , with general rainfall predicted to be between 4 and 8 inches , although some areas could get more than a foot . Flash flood warnings cover much of the Big Island , while flash flood watches have been issued for the entire state . Iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island , according to Mike Cantin with the National Weather Service . In a conference call , Cantin said the Big Island should expect more than a foot of rain . Doug Mayne , of the Hawaii Emergency Management Agency , said heavy rains have prevented the agency from beginning to assess the impact of the storm . Conditions made it unsafe to get helicopters in the air to access the hardest-hit areas . Hawaii Electric Light said in a tweet that nearly 22,000 customers were without power in various parts of the Big Island . As the storm approached , supermarket shelves were swept bare , while schools and government offices closed . Sandbags were placed around homes and hotels , and ports told to close . In Hawaii County , 630 people have gone to shelters , Mayor Billy Kenoi told CNN affiliate KHON-TV in Honolulu . Track the storm The state had prepared for a potentially devastating one-two tropical cyclone punch , starting with Iselle and followed by Hurricane Julio , a Category 3 storm , about 900 miles behind it . Hurricane Julio could affect the islands over the weekend , though forecasters expect it to brush the state only with its southern outer bands as it passes to the north as a weakened tropical storm . Julio had strengthened to a Category 3 storm with top winds of 120 mph by Friday morning , when it was centered less than 1,000 miles away . A relatively rare event Direct hits are rare for the state . Since the 1950s , two hurricane eyes have hit Hawaii -- and both approached from the south , where water temperature generally is warm enough to sustain the storms ' strength . That 's not to say Hawaii has n't had close calls . The central Pacific sees an average of about five tropical cyclones a year , and some have brushed the state in recent decades . The cyclones generally approach from the east after forming in the eastern Pacific . But close to Hawaii , dry air , cooler water and wind shear combine to weaken approaching cyclones , dissipating them before they can become a significant threat , CNN meteorologist Indra Petersons said . Hawaii 's most damaging hurricane in recent decades -- Hurricane Iniki of 1992 -- came during an El Nino year , or a year of above-average sea surface temperatures . This year has n't met the criteria for El Nino , but it could in the weeks ahead , Petersons said . Iniki killed at least four people and caused about $ 2 billion in damage when it hit the western Hawaiian island of Kauai , according to the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration . School 's out ; air travel disrupted The schools on the Big Island and Maui were closed Friday as residents assessed Iselle 's impact . Some airlines made concessions to customers . Hawaiian Airlines moved one flight , to Los Angeles , up by five hours to beat Iselle 's arrival . For people who had been scheduled to travel to or from Hawai 's airports on Thursday and Friday , United Airlines and Hawaiian Airlines said they wo n't charge fees to change reservations , and they 'll waive differences in fares for those changes . United canceled flights to Hilo and Kona . American Airlines and US Airways also called off flights out of Kona on Thursday but expected Friday 's flight schedule to operate normally . Island Air will do the same for passengers ticketed from Thursday though Tuesday . Delta Air Lines said it would waive fees for reservation changes for Thursday and Friday , but fare increases could apply . It said two flights had been delayed in leaving the islands . CNN 's Taylor Ward , Mariano Castillo , Katia Hetter , Tina Burnside and Tony Marco contributed to this report .	NEW : All tropical storm warnings have been canceled Iselle has already delivered 11 inches of rain on the Big Island Hurricanes and other tropical cyclones rarely make landfall in Hawaii Julio is tracking north and may just brush the Hawaiian islands
CNN  -- Extreme fire weather across much of the Western United States on Wednesday continued to fuel dozens of wildfires , endangering several communities and threatening to drive more people from their homes . At least 70 large fires were burning across 13 states west of the Mississippi River , according to the National Interagency Coordination Center . California had the most with 13 , followed by Nevada with 12 and Idaho with 10 , the center said . The Marines joined the fight on Wednesday , with helicopter units from California joining U.S. Air Force Reserve and Air National Guard units from Colorado , Wyoming , North Carolina and California in fighting the fires by air . The Marine units will help fight fires around San Diego . In California alone , 8,000 firefighters were fighting a dozen fires , the state Department of Forestry and Fire Protection said Wednesday . The state issued a burn ban , saying only some campfires are allowed . Conditions could worsen in some places over the next few days . The National Weather Service said a weather pattern developing in parts of Oregon could produce conditions favorable to "  explosive fire growth . " In all , parts of 10 states were covered by Red Flag warnings projecting extreme fire weather . In central Washington state , the wind-whipped Taylor Bridge Fire had scorched some 22,000 acres and destroyed at least 60 homes , fire officials said . One of those structures was the home of Elaine Burt , who unsuccessfully tried to get past firefighters to save her dogs and other animals at her home , according to CNN affiliate KING-TV . . "  The fireman said I had to not stay there , " she told the station . "  He said is there anyone else in your house . I said no , but there 's a lot of animals and he said ` I 'm sorry , ma'am , but you ca n't stay here . " "  They 're all dead , and my house is gone , " she said tearfully . Washington Gov. Chris Gregoire declared Kittitas and Yakima counties to be in states of emergency , according to a written statement from her office . The Washington National Guard will provide air support to the Department of Natural Resources , which is in charge of statewide firefighting efforts . Authorities have already evacuated around 900 people near the Taylor Bridge Fire , the governor 's office said . No injuries were reported . More than 900 firefighters were battling the fire near Cle Elum , Washington , said Rex Reed , the incident commander . He predicted the fire would be 25 % contained by nightfall Wednesday . The weather was "  cooperating " Wednesday , he said , referring to calmer winds , but firefighters have their work cut out for them the rest of the week . Hot and dry conditions are expected . "  Unless Mother Nature helps us out here , we 're going to be fighting this a while , " Joe Seemiller , a captain with Kittitas County Fire and Rescue , told CNN affiliate KOMO-TV . Elsewhere , more evacuations were under consideration near Featherville , Idaho , where more than 800 firefighters were trying to get a hand on the sprawling Trinity Ridge fire . The fire grew significantly since Tuesday , forcing authorities to call an emergency meeting of residents of Featherville and nearby Pine to discuss possible evacuations . Near the border between Oregon and California , crews were battling an aggressive southern run by the Barry Point Fire , which has torched some 48,000 acres of land in the two states , according to the incident command team 's website . With temperatures above 90 degrees , low humidity and wind gusts nearing 20 mph , the lightning-sparked fire has a high potential for further growth , the interagency center said , forcing the evacuation of homes in California , 15 miles south of the state border . Residents evacuate as hundreds of firefighters battle California wildfires More than 800 firefighters and support personnel were working in Oregon and Nevada to corral the 432,378-acre Holloway Fire , the largest of the Western wildfires . It was ignited by a lightning strike on August 5 . For the first time since the fire began August 5 , flames began to die down Tuesday night after rising as high as 15 feet earlier in the day , incident commanders reported . They said Wednesday that they hope to have the Nevada portion of the fire out on Wednesday . In Northern California , the Rush Fire had grown by 59,000 acres in just 24 hours , the National Interagency Coordination Center reported . Also , a pair of fires in Lake County , north of San Francisco , burned 7,000 acres and were 30 % contained Tuesday , according to the California Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . Two buildings were destroyed and one was damaged , CNN affiliate KGO reported . An additional 480 homes are threatened , and a firefighter was injured while battling the flames , said Julie Hutchinson of the state 's Department of Forestry and Fire Protection . She did not have information on the status of the injured firefighter . Meteorologists predict the dry heat will last into next week , not good news for firefighters . Any thunderstorms that pop up could present more bad news than good , since lightning strikes could spark more flames . As of Wednesday , wildfires have burned through 6.47 million acres this year , surpassing the 6.36 million acres burned by this date last year , according to the National Interagency Fire Center . The total acreage burned this year is about 3.4 million acres short of the record set in 2006 , when 1,801 fires burned a total of 9.87 million acres , according to center statistics . Neighbors vs. nature as wildfires rage in Oklahoma CNN 's Dan Simon , Moni Basu and John Fricke contributed to this report .	NEW : California issues burning ban 70 large fires are burning west of the Mississippi River More acreage has burned so far than last year at this time , national fire officials say An Idaho fire could force more evacuations
CNN  -- Three dead bodies , 20 to 30 missing limbs , and more than 180 injured can force us to revisit that age-old question : What is the state of man 's nature ? Is he inherently good or evil ? The Boston Marathon bombings have presented us with the dilemma of Locke versus Hobbes again . Pictures like this tempt us to adopt Hobbes ' pessimistic view of man . But it 's wrong . Events such as this , or rather men responsible for events such as this , do n't define us . Actor Patton Oswalt , in a Facebook post that I 'm sure has virally made it to your screen , put it perfectly : "  If it 's one person or a HUNDRED people , that number is not even a fraction of a fraction of a fraction of a percent of the population on this planet . " And : "  The vast majority stands against that darkness and , like white blood cells attacking a virus , they dilute and weaken and eventually wash away the evil doers and , more importantly , the damage they wreak . This is beyond religion or creed or nation . We would not be here if humanity were inherently evil . We 'd have eaten ourselves alive long ago . " And more : "  So when you spot violence , or bigotry , or intolerance , or fear , or just garden-variety misogyny , hatred or ignorance , just look it in the eye and think , ` The good outnumber you , and we always will . ' " Exactly . At least , that 's what I think . What about you ? Which is it ? Is man inherently good or evil ? It 's an admittedly oversimplified question . But how you answer it dictates what you do next . Carlos Arredondo , Jeff Bauman define us Carlos Arredondo is being hailed as a cowboy-hatted hero . He is . With the bomb blasts still ringing in his ears , Arredondo dove into the carnage and began to help victims . He is extraordinary . I think he says more about us than whoever dropped a pressure cooker at the marathon on Monday . It 's Jeff Bauman , though , whom I keep thinking about . Bauman is the man who was standing on Boylston Street watching his girlfriend run the Boston Marathon . Bauman is the man who in one moment was standing with youthful invincibility and two legs . And in the next moment , he was lying without legs . He 's the man Arredondo stayed with until he was in an ambulance . There 's something about these two men , this moment that defines us . Yes , it 's Arredondo 's heroism . But it 's also Bauman 's gaze . He 's literally three-quarters the person he was minutes before . And yet he almost calmly looks forward . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Will Cain .	Will Cain : The Boston Marathon bombings make us wonder about the nature of man He says such events , or rather those responsible , do n't define us
Culpeper , Virginia  CNN  -- When the Library of Congress comes to mind , most of us do n't think of movies , TV shows or old-school vinyl . But the federal library has been collecting analog recordings of sound and moving images since the late 1800s : Early film reels from inventor Thomas Edison 's lab of the 1890s . Audio recordings of Martin Luther King Jr. 's famous "  I Have a Dream " speech . The original 35mm film stock of "  Star Wars . " These national treasures are among the millions of cultural artifacts being stored in secure vaults in the Library of Congress ' National Audio-Visual Conservation Center in Culpeper , some 90 minutes southwest of Washington . The center occupies the Packard Campus , a former bunker for storing federal currency , and measures an amazing 415,000 square feet . Its artifacts are housed in dozens of temperature-controlled vaults and on 90 miles of storage shelves . With more than 5 million items , it 's an impressive collection . There 's just one problem : Despite the best efforts of preservationists , some of them are physically decaying and in danger of being lost forever . "  Any physical artifact is just that , a physical artifact , " said Mike Mashon , head of the Library of Congress ' moving image section . "  These things can shrink , they can fade , they can crumble to dust in less than a lifetime . " Going digital The solution , said Mashon , is to convert these artifacts to digital files . It 's an exhaustive job . Between 1.5 million film , television and video items , and another 3.5 million sound recordings , the 114 staff members here have their work cut out for them . Collecting and cataloging over 120 years of recorded American history may seem to be a daunting task . But the preservation of these deteriorating items is currently one of the most pressing missions for the library . Years ago , when analog began to degrade , staffers would make a new copy . But that process has its limitations . "  Think about back when you were making your mix tapes , " said Gene Deanna , head of the library 's recorded sound section . "  Every time you made a copy of that tape , it did n't sound as good . " Digital technology , he said , is now the best way to preserve the past . "  The great thing about digital is that it can be migrated  to copies  without loss . " Going digital does n't solve the problem entirely if the data is n't stored properly . When the compact disc was released to consumers in the early 1980 's , many people felt the new format could last forever . Leave a CD on a car 's dashboard on a hot summer day , however , and its weakness is revealed . But digital files have the advantage of flexibility , because they can be converted easily into pretty much any other available digital format . Because of advancements in technology , these artifacts in the library 's massive vaults will now have a chance to live forever . "  Our work in the future is going to be migrating the files and transcoding them to make sure that they 're always going to be available to be played back on whatever the next generation software is , " Deanna said . Preserving history Every year , music and movies from all genres in the Library of Congress collection make their way into the digital archives of the National Recording Registry and the National Film Registry to be preserved as national treasures . "  We have this entire campus ... for the preservation of the audio-visual heritage of the United States , " said Gregory Lukow , chief of the library 's Motion Picture , Broadcasting and Recorded Sound division . "  We 're still acquiring very large-scale collections , " he added . "  It forces us to think very deeply about how we prioritize what we choose to put through this incredible technological machinery . That 's a big challenge , and it means that we 'll be at it for decades because we have more than we 're capable of putting through the production pipelines at this time . " Film stock , especially cellulose nitrate film from the early 20th century , sometimes decays faster than the library 's staff can preserve it . "  There are inevitably going to be films that we just ca n't get to , " Mashon said . "  We try to inspect the film as regularly as we can . If it 's seen to be deteriorating rapidly , we want to get it up into the laboratory , but sometimes it 's just going to be too late . It 's a cultural loss . " But thanks to new international standards for audio formats -- a 97-kilohertz , 24-bit , broadcast wave file -- audio snippets catalogued here will be playable around the world . Mashon said the next step in the process is to make many of these audio items available to the public via the Internet . More than 10,000 historical recordings are already available to listeners on the Library of Congress ' National Jukebox page . Librarians feel a duty to preserve as many audio and visual artifacts -- more than a century of American life -- as possible . "  There is so much to learn from the past from a historical sense , " said Deanna . "  What people sounded like , what our leaders actually said in their speeches , what the radio broadcast of the day actually consisted of . And without that actual recording , you only have someone else 's interpretation of it . "  It 's absolutely critical that we do n't let this legacy fall from the soundscape , fall from our memories . "	The Library of Congress stores historic audio and video recordings in secure vaults Many cultural artifacts are decaying and must be transferred from analog to digital With more than 5 million items , it 's an impressive collection Artifacts include Martin Luther King Jr. speech , original 35mm film of "  Star Wars "
MIAMI , Florida  CNN  -- Tropical Storm Hanna moved through the Bahamas on Thursday and headed toward the Carolina coast with 65 mph winds , the National Hurricane Center said . Forecasters predicted a slight strengthening of the storm , warning there was a possibility it may be a Category 1 hurricane when it hits the U.S. mainland . Water fills the streets of Gonaives , Haiti , on Wednesday after heavy rains from Tropical Storm Hanna . Hanna may make landfall near the North Carolina-South Carolina state line late Friday night or early Saturday morning , the hurricane center said . Both states , as well as Georgia , have activated their emergency centers ahead of the storm , and North Carolina Gov. Mike Easley declared a state of emergency . "  It now appears Hanna will be a Category 1 hurricane when it hits the North Carolina coast early Saturday morning , " Easley said in a news release . "  Since the exact path is uncertain , everyone who lives in the coastal counties needs to be ready . " South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford urged the voluntary evacuation of two northeast counties , Horry and Georgetown , as the storm approached . "  The suggestion is for people to look at this storm and make their own decisions , " he said . "  Every one of us needs to continue to watch out in the Atlantic because this could be a dress rehearsal for a thing called Ike , " he said , referring to Hurricane Ike , a Category 4 storm spinning in the central Atlantic , hundreds of miles from the U.S. coastline . "  Time will tell , " Sanford said . Hanna was about 540 miles south of Wilmington , North Carolina , at 11 p.m. ET Thursday , according to the hurricane center . A hurricane watch was in effect from north of Edisto Beach , South Carolina , to Currituck Beach Light , including Pamlico Sound . See Hanna 's projected path " The hurricane center 's advisory said wind and rain from Hanna would reach the U.S. coast well before the center of the storm and that dangerous riptides were expected to increase along the coast . Watch what Hanna , Ike and Josephine are doing " Hanna caused massive flooding in Haiti when it pummeled the Caribbean nation earlier this week , killing 137 people , a government official said Thursday . Rescue workers are trying to get aid to affected victims of the storm , said Abel Nazaire , the assistant coordinator of Risk and Disaster Management . Another 79 people were killed in Haiti by Hurricane Gustav last week , said Louis Pinchinat , deputy director of Haiti 's Civil Protection Directorate . On Wednesday , Haitian President Rene Preval appealed for international help in the wake of "  catastrophic " flooding , Nazaire said . As Hanna approached the East Coast , Charleston , South Carolina , prepared for the worst . Workers started boarding up buildings Wednesday , and firefighters filled sandbags and distributed them to residents and business owners . Backup generators were being gassed up and positioned at key locations around the city . "  We will continue until we know we 're totally out of the woods , " Charleston spokeswoman Barbara Vaughn said . Cathy Haynes , Charleston County 's director of emergency operations , said county schools will be closed Friday . "  We 'd also like to encourage residents that either live in low-lying areas or mobile homes , or if they just feel vulnerable to the situation at hand , to maybe move to safer locations , " she said . Jennifer Moses , a resident of Charleston 's Daniel Island , said she was ready for whatever came . "  I filled up the gas can , I have water , I have peanut butter , and I took the rocking chairs off the front porch , " she said . Charleston sits on a peninsula between two rivers and is extremely prone to flooding . Recent downpours from the remnants of Tropical Storm Fay left a foot and a half of water on some streets . But the city has n't had a mandatory evacuation since Hurricane Floyd in 1999 . Traffic then was so congested that it took up to 19 hours to drive inland to Columbia , usually a two-hour trip . At Parris Island , South Carolina , hundreds of Marines graduated Thursday morning from basic training -- a day earlier than planned because the base did n't want Hanna to cause problems for families coming to the celebration , Master Sgt. Mark Oliva said . However , Oliva said the base 's emergency center was standing down , as the storm 's track seemed to put Parris Island out of harm 's way . Meanwhile , Hurricane Ike , still hundreds of miles from the islands of the Caribbean , was a powerful Category 4 hurricane on Thursday . Its winds had dropped slightly , to 135 mph , but the center said Ike was still "  extremely dangerous . " iReport.com : Bracing for Hanna and Ike The hurricane center 's five-day forecast map shows Ike arriving near the Turks and Caicos Islands and the southeastern Bahamas on Sunday . The center 's advisory said , "  It is too early to determine what land areas might eventually be affected by Ike , but interests in the southeastern Bahamas and the Turks and Caicos Islands should monitor the progress of this system . " See the path Ike might follow " At 11 p.m. Thursday , Ike was about 475 miles north-northeast of the Leeward Islands , moving westward near 14 mph . Watch a view of Ike from space " Trailing Ike by about 1,600 miles in the eastern Atlantic was Tropical Storm Josephine . Josephine 's winds had dropped to 45 mph , and the system was not forecast to make landfall any time soon . CNN 's Larry Shaughnessy and Alanne Orjoux contributed to this report .	NEW : Hanna leaves 137 dead in Haiti North Carolina governor declares state of emergency Hurricane watch in effect for parts of Carolinas ; Hanna landfall expected Friday Ike weakens slightly but still an "  extremely dangerous " Category 4 hurricane
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- A Duke University official is accused of offering his 5-year-old adopted son for sex on the Internet , according to the FBI and court documents in the case . Frank M. Lombard is the associate director of Duke University 's Center for Health Policy . Frank M. Lombard , 42 , was arrested last week at his home in Durham , North Carolina . During an Internet chat , Lombard allegedly offered the child to the person he was chatting with , who was a task force officer from Washington 's Metropolitan Police , the FBI said in a statement . The chat was initiated after a confidential source facing child pornography charges told authorities they had witnessed a man , allegedly Lombard , performing sex acts on a child over the Internet . During the chat , according to the complaint filed against Lombard , he told the officer that he had performed multiple sex acts on the boy and that the officer could do the same if he came to Durham . According to a transcript of the chat , reprinted in the complaint , Lombard allegedly told the officer that he had to hide the abuse from his partner and that he drugged the child with allergy medication . Lombard was arrested June 24 , and two children at the home , including the 5-year-old , were removed from the home by the North Carolina Department of Social Services , the FBI said . Lombard is the associate director of Duke University 's Center for Health Policy , but was placed on unpaid administrative leave , effective immediately , last week , university spokesman Keith Lawrence said . The center is described on its Web site as a joint venture among the university 's law , business and arts-and-sciences schools and "  an instigator and facilitator of a broad range of research related to public health and the policies that address it . " Lombard faces federal child sex abuse charges , which carry a prison sentence of up to 20 years upon conviction , authorities said . He made an initial appearance in federal court in North Carolina but was transferred to Washington to face the charges there , court documents show . Attempts to contact the Durham attorney who appeared in court with Lombard were unsuccessful Tuesday . Federal agents seized Lombard 's computer , thumb drives , Web cams and other items when executing a search warrant upon Lombard 's arrest , according to court documents .	Man allegedly offered 5-year-old during Internet chat with undercover police officer Chat began after source told police he saw man performing sex acts on the boy Frank Lombard , 42 , is associate director of Duke 's Center for Health Policy Complaint : Lombard drugged child , wanted to hide abuse from partner
CNN  A video appears online . In it , fraternity members from your university are chanting a hateful , racist song about lynching African-Americans . The video goes viral . You 're president of the university . Imagine being in that situation . What would you do ? There are two ways to answer the question . The first is in the moment of crisis . The second is about the long term . As most everyone knows by now , David Boren , president of the University of Oklahoma , faced just this situation Monday . And I 've been thinking about it intensely , not only because I care about race and civic leadership in America , but also because Boren was my first boss , when he was a U.S. senator . I 'm not from Oklahoma but ended up working for Boren through a college internship . He was a mentor to me during my years in Washington , and a model for me when he left the Beltway to be of greater use and service as an educator . Though we have n't talked since the crisis broke , I see familiar patterns of leadership . Boren responded to the crisis swiftly , with a statement that went viral . Boren told the students from Sigma Alpha Epsilon  SAE  he had a message for them : "  You are disgraceful . You have violated all that we stand for . You should not have the privilege of calling yourselves Sooners "  the OU nickname  . Boren went on to sever all ties between OU and SAE . The national fraternity closed the local chapter . Later , Boren said he 'd be glad if the students in the video left campus because "  we do n't provide student services for bigots . " The next day he expelled two of them . His actions have resonated across the country . On social media , people shocked by the video find themselves also stunned by Boren 's response . Why ? Because he did something rare in public life today . He expressed a decisive , judgmental view with moral clarity . Then he followed through . His statements have been free of mushy lawyer-talk or euphemism . He 's led authentically , from the heart . Of course , people have carped . Some question whether Boren has the legal authority , as head of a public institution , to expel students on the basis of their free speech , even racist hate speech . Some lament that what he should have branded as disgraceful was the students ' actions , not the students themselves . Legitimate concerns , perhaps . The First Amendment question , certainly , is being debated by legal scholars . But these concerns are eclipsed by the bigger picture . Boren was n't just condemning wrongdoers ; he was shifting social norms for all . A cynic might consider laughable a refrain from Boren 's statement about "  real Sooners . " Boren said that real Sooners are not racists or bigots ; they believe in equal opportunity , treat people with mutual respect and love each other like family . A cynic might say Oklahoma is a state both very white and very red , not known for flying the banner of anti-racism . Indeed , the original Sooners were the white settlers who raced in to claim land that had been wrested from Native Americans . But the point of Boren 's "  real Sooners " riff is not to describe or sanitize today 's reality ; it is to issue a challenge . It is to bind people to a creed , a standard of being and belief that is easy to assert but hard to achieve . Not unlike being a true patriot . So now begins the longer term . Here , another opportunity arises to lead by example . David Boren can now examine the institution he works for and ask how and why such attitudes and behaviors -- racism so casually vicious -- could ever take root among people as young as freshmen . He can explore the ways in which everyone -- not only the obviously guilty parties at a frat party -- is touched by unconscious bias and institutional racism . He can now ask his community to face the inequities of history and race . We can all do that . Howard Schultz , CEO of Starbucks , is doing this at his company . He was moved after the incidents of Ferguson and Staten Island to hold truly open forums with employees about the pain and anguish of racial division . But you do n't have to be a college president or a CEO . You do n't have to be a white man in charge to start a tough reckoning with racism  though it 'd help if more did  . Whoever you are , you can start a new kind of conversation in your neighborhood . On your campus . At your house of worship . Ask what the history is . Ask why there are such imbalances of power and voice . Ask what it would take to be truly inclusive . Then , in word and deed , start answering your own questions . We can all do that . The sooner , the better .	David Boren , president of the University of Oklahoma , responded to offensive video Eric Liu : Boren did something rare in public life today -- he acted with moral clarity
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- China opened the 29th Olympic Games on Friday with stunning fireworks as the Asian nation kicked off one of the most heavily scrutinized games in history . Drummers perform at the Opening Ceremony of the Summer Olympic Games in Beijing , China . Fireworks shot off across the Chinese capital as hundreds of drummers and dancers performed under a light display at the National Stadium , drawing applause from the estimated 90,000 in attendance . It was a stunning beginning from the nation of 1.3 billion people . Media observers said they believe the opening ceremony will be the single most watched television event in history . Billions of dollars in the making , the Summer Olympics carry with them the ambitions of a nation seeking its place as a global superpower . The anticipation over the Olympics was unmistakable in China 's capital city . The Olympic torch relay , the focus of protests during parts of its international leg earlier this year , will conclude at 11:30 p.m. local time  11:30 a.m. ET  when it enters National Stadium to light the Olympic cauldron . "  This one , I think , is going to be bigger and more spectacular ... not necessarily more surprising , but more impressive , I think , than any previous ceremony , " said Ric Birch , who oversaw Olympic productions in 1984 , 1992 and 2000 . Watch Birch assess Beijing 's preparations " In short , it 's just what China wanted -- an opening ceremony with an impressive guest list . President Bush is among more than 100 heads of state , heads of government and sovereigns expected to attend , the International Olympic Committee said . The leaders represent countries including Japan , Russia , Australia , South Korea and Brazil . But this version of the Olympics brings with it controversy , discord that began in 2001 when Beijing won the games . Criticism over China 's human rights record , its policies in Tibet and the persistent pollution across the country have been the focus of much international criticism and media attention . The head of the Australian Olympic Committee complained Friday about pollution as well as Internet access and uncomfortable transportation for his country 's athletes to venues , according to news reports . For some world leaders , the decision to attend was a tough call . French President Nicholas Sarkozy threatened to boycott the games because of human rights abuses in Tibet but later changed his mind . Watch protests in Germany over China 's Tibet policies " And while he has steadfastly said he would attend the Olympics opening , Bush as recently as Friday stressed China 's need to respect human rights . "  It 's inevitable that people from different countries may not see eye to eye , " Chinese President Hu Jintao said recently , "  so we should try to expand our common ground on the basis of mutual respect . " Political leaders do not attend Olympic opening ceremonies as a matter of protocol -- Bush is the first American president to attend them outside the United States -- but China seemed determined to have as many there as possible , taking it as a sign the world recognizes the legitimacy of the Chinese government . "  They want those leaders to confirm the fact that China has returned to great power , prominence in the world , " said David Zweig , a political analyst at Hong Kong University of Science and Technology . "  They really want to say to the people of China that we , the Communist Party of China , have done a great job . " Watch why China has invested so much in the Olympics " Air China suspended some flights from Japan to China on Friday after receiving a bomb threat via e-mail , Japan 's Transport Ministry said . The e-mail said the threat was intended to disrupt the Olympics , according to Fumio Yasukawa , a ministry representative . Many mysteries about the opening ceremony remain , like which athletes will run the final legs of the torch relay and the tightly kept secret of who will light the Olympic cauldron at the stadium . Blog : Anticipation builds Early favorites such as national sports stars Yao Ming and Liu Xiang were widely discounted because they already had carried the torch during the relay . Many observers speculated that the person lighting the Olympic cauldron would be connected to the devastating May earthquake in China that claimed nearly 70,000 lives . As for the games , an estimated 10,000 athletes from 205 countries will compete in 28 events for about 300 gold medals . The first medals will be awarded Saturday . See a timeline of moments to watch for at the games " China has put a priority on finishing first in the overall medal standings . On Sunday , swimming competition begins , along with U.S. swimmer Michael Phelps ' quest to win eight gold medals -- more than any individual in a single games . Even if he fails , Phelps could become the all-time leader in gold medals . Watch how pressure is building for the athletes " The competition -- 17 days in length -- will be a relative blip compared to the years of preparation that went into bringing the games to Beijing . China means it to be a coming-out party . Like many parties , Chinese leaders wo n't know how it went until it 's time to clean up . CNN 's Emily Chang and Kevin Drew contributed to this report .	NEW : Fireworks , drummers in opening ceremony of 2008 Summer Olympics Bomb threat forces Air China to cancel some flights President Bush among world leaders attending opening ceremony More than 10,000 athletes to compete for about 300 gold medals
Washington  CNN  -- Was the sound of Malaysian Airlines Flight MH370 striking the water captured by ocean devices used to listen for signs of nuclear blasts ? It 's a long shot , but an Australian university is studying records from underwater listening devices in an effort to help find the missing plane . "  One signal has been detected on several receivers that could be related to the crash , " said Alec Duncan of Curtin University 's Centre for Marine Science and Technology  CMST  . Researchers are studying a very low frequency sound to see if it was "  the impact of the aircraft on the water or the implosion of parts of the aircraft as it sank , " Duncan said . "  But  the source of the noise  is just as likely to be a natural event , " he said . Low frequency signals can travel thousands of kilometers through water under favorable circumstances , Duncan said . But "  at the moment  the sound  appears to be inconsistent with other data about the aircraft position , " he said . Martin Dolan , the Chief Commissioner with the Australian Transport Safety Bureau  ATSB  , the organization leading the search into MH370 at the request of Malaysia , agreed with DuncanÂ ¹ s analysis of the sound . "  We think that those detections may have been interesting from the point of view of the direction they came , but other characteristics make it unlikely that they are associated with MH370 , " he said . The ATSB first referenced these signals in a document posted on its website on Monday . The research is continuing , Duncan said , and investigators may release additional information about their findings in the coming days . As was the case with the Inmarsat satellite -- a communications satellite whose data was analyzed by Malaysia Airlines MH370 investigators as a navigational aide -- this study involves the use of technology for a purpose that it was not originally intended for . One of the devices , operated by Curtin University and located some 20 kilometers off Perth , is designed to listen to whales and other marine life . The other is for signs of underwater nuclear explosions , one of 11 operated worldwide by the U.N.-chartered Comprehensive Test Ban Treaty Organization  CTBTO  as part of the International Monitoring System . Search area ` can now be discounted ' Gleaning the data Early in the search for Malaysia Flight 370 , the United Nations reported it had not detected any explosions or plane crashes on land or water from its sensors around the globe . But the recent efforts involve pairing CTBTO data with other sources to see what can be gleaned , officials said . "  One can always be hopeful , " said Mark Prior , a seismic acoustic analyst with the CTBTO . The CTBTO 's hydro-acoustic stations detect low frequency sound in the 0-100 Hz range , and ca n't detect black box "  pings " in the 30-40 kHz range , officials said . "  It 's possible  to detect a plane crash  , but the circumstances that would allow it would have to be very particular , " said Prior . Prior said some of those circumstances might include a sloping sea bed . Another possible scenario : the origin of the sound would need to be near the listening device . The CTBTO 's system near Cape Leeuwin , the southwestern-most point of Australia , regularly captures signals of ice breaking noise from Antarctica and seismic activity from Indonesia , he said . "  There are other scenarios that would allow  the hydrophones to detect a crash  . But it 's not certain if there was an impact we would detect it , " Prior said . Attempts were made following the 2009 crash of Air France 447 in the southern Atlantic Ocean to see if underwater listening devices had detected the plane 's impact . No data could be found . Years later , after the plane was located , CTBTO again checked its data , and still was not able to identify signals related to the crash . On Friday , Beijing put pressure on Malaysia to start a new search , Chinese state news agency Xinhua reported . "  We expect Malaysia to take the leading and coordinating role , come up with a new search plan for the jet at an early date , and take the investigation seriously , " Premier Li Keqiang told Malaysian Prime Minister Najib Razak , who was on a diplomatic visit . The largest contingency of passengers on board MH 370 were from China .	An Australian university is studying underwater listening devices to help find the jet Early in the search , the U.N. said it had not detected any explosions or crashes from its sensors "  It 's not certain if there was an impact we would detect it , " says seismic acoustic analyst An re-examination of data relating to Air France 447 could not detect crash signals from under water
"  Read my lips . " "  Mission accomplished . " "  Definition of ` Is ' " Every modern president has got one -- an inelegant statement , a broken promise , or an outright steaming lie , distilled to a three-second sound bite , that follows them into history . It can be part of a campaign slogan , a policy address or legal testimony . It can be delivered at a party convention , as part of a stump speech , from an aircraft carrier or during a deposition . It can be well-intentioned , misinformed , only untrue after the fact . And the facts can be entirely debatable . But there seems to be a lie or two that follows presidents into the history books . Here is a look at some recent memorable ones : 1 . ` If you like your health insurance , you can keep it ' He 's got some time in office left , but Barack Obama 's signature gaffe line probably is going to be : "  If you like your health insurance , you can keep it " It was a key line in selling the Affordable Care Act , which narrowly passed back in 2010 . But he has said it since then , too . What he said was true for most Americans . They get their health insurance through their employer or the government with Medicare . But as open enrollment began this month for the fewer than 20 % of Americans Obamacare was designed to help , it became clear there is a subset of people who like their health plans and will in fact lose their health plans . These are the subset of Americans who buy their insurance individually and , because those plans do n't cover everything Obamacare now says must be covered , will have to get a new health care plan . RELATED : The hidden truth behind early Obamacare numbers : It 's not what it seems Granted , it might be a better health care plan . It might cover more services , like hospital stays , maternity , and mental health . But it also might be more expensive . Obama tweaked the promise after the fact during an appearance in Massachusetts on Wednesday . But it 's not exactly going to fit on a bumper sticker any more : "  Now , if you had one of these substandard plans before the Affordable Care Act became law and you really liked that plan , you 're able to keep it , " Obama said this week . "  That 's what I said when I was running for office . That was part of the promise we made . But ever since the law was passed , if insurers decided to downgrade or cancel these substandard plans , what we said under the law is you 've got to replace them with quality , comprehensive coverage -- because that , too , was a central premise of the Affordable Care Act from the very beginning . " "  And today , that promise means that every plan in the marketplace covers a core set of minimum benefits , like maternity care , and preventive care , and mental health care , and prescription drug benefits , and hospitalization , " Obama explained . "  And they ca n't use allergies or pregnancy or a sports injury or the fact that you 're a woman to charge you more . They ca n't do that anymore . They ca n't do that anymore . " 2 . ` Read my lips . No new taxes ' George H.W. Bush 's was the most devastating . "  Read my lips , " he declared at the 1988 Republican National Convention . "  No new taxes ! " It was a campaign pledge . And he broke it , big time . Bush did n't want to break the pledge , but in the face of a recession , and to avoid $ 100 billion in automatic , across-the-board spending cuts , he acquiesced and allowed a tax hike on the wealthy . It was disastrous for Bush . It created a rift in the GOP and directly led to a spirited primary challenge two years later by Pat Buchanan . Bush ended up winning the primary , but losing re-election in a three-way race against Bill Clinton and Ross Perot . 3 . Mission Accomplished George W. Bush never said , "  Mission Accomplished , " but the banner placed behind him did when he landed on the deck of the USS Abraham Lincoln in a Navy jet and declared that "  major combat operations in Iraq have ended . " They had n't . In fact they were just getting started . And Bush would have to stake his legacy on a subsequent surge of American troops in Iraq . Bush won re-election in 2004 , but the war cost America a great deal in blood and treasure . Fatigue with Iraq contributed greatly to Republicans ' losing control of Capitol Hill in 2006 . 4 . ' ... Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium ... ' Some presidents have more than one . The younger Bush will also be remembered for his decision to use public unity following the 9/11 attacks to mount a war in Iraq , and the 16 words he used to justify the action . The case Bush made in his 2003 State of the Union address helped lead the United States into Iraq . He said , "  The British government has learned that Saddam Hussein recently sought significant quantities of uranium from Africa . " It was n't true . But that did n't become clear until later after a high-profile scandal involving the leaking of CIA agent Valerie Plame 's identity by Vice President Dick Cheney 's chief of staff . But the point of the 16 words , more importantly , is that the intelligence used to convince the country that combat operations were necessary to stop the spread of weapons of mass destruction was inherently flawed . 5 . ` Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job . ' And not to pile on Bush ' 43 ' , but in the days just after Hurricane Katrina devastated the Gulf Coast and left much of New Orleans under water , the president came under intense heat for what was seen as a lackluster response by the federal government . On September 2 , 2005 , just three days after Katrina destroyed the levees and flooded much of New Orleans ' Ninth Ward , Bush heaped unusual praise on then-FEMA director Michael Brown during a briefing at the Mobile Regional Airport . The soundbite , "  Brownie , you 're doing a heck of a job , " would haunt the president and go on to define a perception that Bush was out of touch during one of the worst tragedies in American history . Brown later resigned . 6 . ' I did not have sexual relations with that woman , Miss Lewinsky ... ' Whitewater independent counsel Ken Starr was n't originally appointed to investigate Bill Clinton 's Oval Office sex life . But somehow that 's what it turned into . And without getting too far into the sordid details , the President found himself giving a videotaped deposition in a case regarding sexual harassment charges . The whole definition of sexual relations and the word "  is " became a thing , the President faced impeachment and was nearly thrown out of office . He survived , but his legacy and his agenda were tarnished . And the list goes on . Ronald Reagan had to admit he did n't know about the Iran-Contra affair . Jimmy Carter talked to the nation about a "  crisis of confidence " and was panned for giving a "  malaise " speech . And Gerald Ford 's contention in a debate with Carter that "  There is no Soviet domination of Eastern Europe " made him look oblivious to the Soviet Union 's political and military control of the region . There are some rules that emerge . If the moment has to do with the economy and it occurs in the first term , there 's a good chance the president wo n't make it to a second term . If it has to do with foreign affairs , it might be just a blip on their legacy . The good news for Obama is that he 's been through his last election . The bad news is this demonstrably false new line has everything to do with his signature health law . As it carries on , how Americans react to the implementation of Obamacare could have real consequences on whether his successor is a president who wants to make the law better or gut it .	Many presidents have uttered phrases they later regretted Obama takes heat for saying that ` If you like your health insurance , you can keep it ' George W. Bush came under fire for comments during Hurricane Katrina and the run-up to the Iraq War
CNN  -- Dider Drogba scored the only goal of the game against Sudan as much-fancied Ivory Coast got their Africa Cup of Nations campaign off to a winning start . Drogba , who currently plays for English Premier League club Chelsea , grabbed the winner just before half time but Ivory Coast , nicknamed The Elephants , struggled for much of the game . But the nation who many fancy for the title , especially given the absence of African heavyweights like Nigeria , South Africa and Egypt , got the job done to get off to a good start in Group B. Balboa goal stuns Libya in Africa Cup of Nations opener Ivory Coast dominated the opening half with Gervinho , who plays for English club Arsenal , squandering two good opportunities to score . But Drogba pounced on 39 minutes to nod home a left wing cross from Chelsea teammate Salomon Kalou . The goal stirred Sudan into action against a team ranked 102 places above them in the world soccer standings , as Eltaib Mudathe 's shot was tipped onto the crossbar by Ivory Coast keeper Boubacar Barry . Will Africa 's new stars shine at Cup of Nations ? Alaadine Yousif tested Barry after the interval but the keeper was equal to it , while at the other end Drogba again went close before substitute Max Gradel fired wide when well placed . Ahmed Nazar had Sudan 's last chance of the match but he shot wide of the target . In the Group 's other game , Angola beat Burkino Faso 2-1 thanks to a 68th minute winner from former Manchester United player Manucho . Mateus had put Angola ahead just after half time but Alain Traore leveled the scores with a well taken free kick before Manucho 's precise shot from outside the penalty area ensured Angola went joint top of Group B with Ivory Coast .	Didier Drogba seals victory for Ivory Coast as they win their African Cup of Nations opener Chelsea striker 's goal helps his country to edge past Sudan 1-0 in Group B clash Angola beat Burkino Faso 2-1 thanks to a 68th minute winner from Manucho
Charlottesville , Virginia  CNN  -- The man charged with the abduction of University of Virginia student Hannah Graham was also investigated for alleged sexual assault when he was in college over a decade ago . A "  criminal incident information " report released Wednesday by Christopher Newport University in Newport News , Virginia , said the alleged incident involving Jesse Matthew took place on September 7 , 2003 . Matthew quit the school 's football team five days later and left the school in mid-October . The university said federal student record privacy laws limited the amount of information it could provide publicly . "  The University is fully cooperating with law enforcement agencies , " a statement said . "  The success of the criminal investigation is paramount at this time . " Where is Hannah Graham ? Last person with Graham Investigators believe Matthew , 32 , was the last person with Graham , who was last seen September 13 . He has been charged with abduction with the intent to defile in the case , and he is being held in jail in isolation , according to Charlottesville police . Authorities are offering a $ 100,000 reward for information leading to the safe return of the 18-year-old , a second-year student at the university . More than 3,000 tips to Graham 's possible whereabouts have poured in , Carter Johnson , a police spokesman , said . As part of the search effort , police have asked owners of large parcels of property in surrounding counties to search their land and report back . Hannah Graham disappearance : What we know Aerial drone search The search for Graham now includes the use of an aerial drone -- the first time , according to authorities , one has been used in the search for a missing person in the state . The addition of the drone to the search effort comes more than two weeks after Graham disappeared from an area of Charlottesville known as the Downtown Mall . The drone has a high-quality camera , and it will "  look closer " at objects of interest , said John Coggin , chief engineer of the Mid-Atlantic Aviation Partnership and one of the members of the team operating the drone . The drone is expected to help with the search of vast tracts of land in the area . As the drone worked from overhead Wednesday , more than 50 law enforcement personnel participated in the search in Fairfax County . Authorities check unsolved cases for ties to Hannah Graham disappearance ` New forensic link ' The search of Wednesday also included U.S. 29 , outside of Charlottesville , where another woman reportedly disappeared . The search follows reports that Virginia State Police found a "  new forensic link " between the Graham case and the death of Morgan Harrington , a 20-year-old Virginia Tech student , who went missing after attending a Metallica concert in Charlottesville in October 2009 . Harrington was last seen hitchhiking along U.S. 29 , and her remains were found on a farm months later . Almost from the start , speculation was raised about the possibility of a connection between Graham 's disappearance and Harrington 's death . No arrests have been made in Harrington 's case , and the cause of her death is still under investigation . CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter , Jason Morris , Ed Lavandera , Jean Casarez and journalist Betsy Kaufman contributed to this report .	Suspect Jesse Matthew was investigated for sexual assault while in college in 2003 Hannah Graham , 18 , disappeared on September 13 Authorities have charged Jesse Matthew , 32 , in connection with the case A drone mounted with a camera will " look closer " at objects of interest , an official says
Hong Kong  CNN  -- Chinese dissident and artist Ai Weiwei has turned the cameras on himself . On the first anniversary of his arrest at Beijing airport , the internationally-renowned artist and outspoken government critic has installed live web cameras at his home , a wink to the 24-hour police surveillance he has been under since his release . "  In my life , there is so much surveillance and monitoring -- my phone , my computer ... Our office has been searched , I have been searched , every day I am being followed , there are surveillance cameras in front of my house , " he said , in quotes carried by Agence France-Presse . "  So I was wondering , why do n't I put some  cameras  in there so people can see all my activities . I can do that and I hope the other party  authorities  can also show some transparency . " Four cameras , positioned over his computer , bed , and courtyard , broadcast a 24-hour live feed at weiweicam.com . Ai , 54 , was on his way to Hong Kong last April when he was taken into custody and detained for three months amid a crackdown on political dissidents , activists and religious groups across China . Ai 's Beijing studio was raided , and his wife and eight assistants were taken into custody for questioning . Activists attributed the campaign to government concerns about potential uprisings inspired by the Arab Spring . More than a month after taking him into custody , Beijing police told the state-run Xinhua news agency that Ai evaded a "  huge amount " of taxes and that his company , Fake Cultural Development Ltd. , intentionally destroyed accounting documents . The government then initiated a tax evasion case against Ai 's company , demanding RMB 15 million  US$ 2.4 million  in fines , charges he denies and which critics argue are politically-motivated . Read about the latest development in Ai Weiwei 's tax evasion case The provocative artist , blogger , documentary filmmaker , and architect has a complicated relationship with the authorities . Following the 2008 Sichuan earthquake , he created art installations to question the government 's silence over the 5,000 schoolchildren killed , deaths some have attributed to substandard construction of schools . He said he was beaten in 2009 by police officers in his hotel room as he prepared to testify at the trial of a fellow earthquake activist . However , he was allowed to fly to Munich , Germany soon afterward to exhibit his installation . Ai also helped designed the iconic Bird 's Nest stadium for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , but later renounced his role after feeling the games had become too politicized . In November last year , he was briefly placed under house arrest to prevent him from attending a goodbye party he organized for his million-dollar studio in Shanghai after police ordered it demolished . Ai said that studio was built following government demands in the first place to enhance the city 's cultural standing . Q&A : Is China afraid of Ai Weiwei ? Ai has also embedded his Twitter feed on weiweicam.com , displaying a constant flow of netizen praise for his latest work . User @sunrrr wrote : "  Ai Weiwei is always able to come up with wonderful ways to do wonderful things " , while @katrinazaat tweeted "  It 's comforting to see you on the webcam . I admire your courage and persistence as an artist . "	Chinese artist Ai Weiwei installs live webcams at his own home Mimicks 24-hour police surveillance since his arrest at Beijing airport last year Government has accused Ai of tax evasion , seeking payment of fines Ai is still facing tax evasion charges , brought by the government soon after his release
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Life after the military can be tough for many war veterans who struggle to adjust to life after combat . John Raftery accepts his Veteran Entrepreneur of the Year award . But a scheme at The Whitman School of Management at Syracuse University aims to provides business training for U.S. war veterans that will make that transition easier . The Entrepreneurship Bootcamp for Veterans with Disabilities  EBV  teaches valuable skills that enable veterans to become self-employed and make their business ideas viable . The EBV was the brainchild of Mike Haynie , a military veteran who spent 14 years in the air force before becoming an entrepreneurship professor at Syracuse , where his Dean is a Vietnam veteran . "  Self-employment is a powerful path forward for people with disabilities , who may not have a way to plug in to traditional jobs , " he told CNN . "  We recognized that this was an opportunity to teach entrepreneurship to serve those who have served all of us . " John Raftery , 30 , was in the Marine Corps between 1999 and 2003 . He left with post-traumatic stress disorder and told CNN that after leaving the military he endured a two-year "  desolate period " when he was in and out of work . Raftery attended the first EBV at Syracuse in 2007 . Two months later he quit his job and started his Dallas-based business Patriot Contractors , Inc. . Patriot is now a thriving enterprise , with five employees and a projected revenue of $ 1 million for the year . He returned to Syracuse this year to collect the EBV 's inaugural Veteran Entrepreneur of the Year award . "  It 's been a lot of hard work but the program gave me the tools to do it , " he told CNN . "  Coming out of the military you lose part of yourself . I was a Marine for so many years , and then I found myself back in the civilian world . The big thing about the course is that it gave me the confidence to go out and do it . " The courses are open to veterans with a "  service-connected disability " who have served since September 2001 . Haynie is proud of the fact that the program is funded entirely by donations from alumni and partner businesses with a stake in local communities . There is no charge for attending the program , but places are limited . Haynie said there were more than 400 applications this year for 115 places across the five schools , but there are hopes to expand the program . Former U.S. marine Joshua Pitcher is another beneficiary of the program . On his first tour of Iraq , with the Marines in 2005 , Pitcher suffered a gunshot wound . He returned for a second tour , but in February 2007 his team came under attack from insurgents and a grenade exploded inches from his head . Surgeons in Iraq removed half his skull to relieve swelling in his brain , but the injury brought an end to his army career . Pitcher 's bravery earned him two purple heart medals . Now 24 and living in New York State , he is trying to adjust to life after the military . Pitcher told CNN he has found an alternative career in furniture making and now has a workshop behind his house . Last week he attended his first session to help him on his way to building his furniture business . The EBV has three stages -- an online module where students get up to speed with business fundamentals , an intensive nine-day "  bootcamp " at a university , and a year-long mentorship from the EBV and successful local entrepreneurs . Having completed stages one and two , Pitcher was impressed with the program . "  You learn a lot on the course , " he told CNN . "  I had a business plan mostly set up before I went , but you 're able to refine it , and that means you can actually hit the ground running when it 's all done . " Syracuse University introduced the EBV in 2007 . Since then the EBV Consortium of Schools has been launched and UCLA Anderson , Florida State University 's College of Business , Mays Business School at Texas A&M University and Purdue University all run the EBV program developed by Syracuse . Elaine Hagan , executive director of Harold Price Center for Entrepreneurial Studies at UCLA Anderson School of Management , told CNN that veterans possess many of the qualities the school tries to instill in their MBA students , such as leadership , discipline and teamwork . Haynie told CNN that a key part of the EBV is to instill belief in the veterans . "  The program is designed not only to teach , but to inspire the students , " he said . "  We bring in world-class faculty , entrepreneurs from all over the country and business leaders . We 've had senators , congressmen and CEOs of Fortune 500 companies participate in the program . It 's sends out the message to the veterans that we believe they can really do it . "	Marine Joshua Pitcher was wounded in Iraq and had to rethink his career He took part in the Entrepreneurship Bootcamp for Veterans with Disabilities The program is run by five universities and teaches business skills to war vets "  It is designed to inspire the students , " says program founder Mike Haynie
CNN  -- Meg Ryan and John Mellencamp have ended their relationship after three years of dating , a report says . The two split "  a couple of weeks ago , " one of Mellencamp 's friends told Closer Weekly , which was the first to report the news . The pair had kept their relationship relatively quiet . The couple began going out sometime in late 2010 , according to People magazine , after Mellencamp separated from his wife of 18 years , Elaine Irwin Mellencamp . Ryan , 52 , and Mellencamp , 62 , kept time on both the East Coast and in Mellencamp 's longtime home of Indiana . "  It was the distance , " a source told People of the split . "  She lives in New York and he resides in Indiana . It was the long distance that ultimately was the cause . " Mellencamp 's friend had a different take . "  I do n't think he loved all the attention he got just from dating an actress , " the friend told Closer Weekly . "  I bet he 'll stay away from dating another famous person for a while . " Ryan , who has n't appeared in a movie since 2009 's "  Serious Moonlight , " is currently directing "  Ithaca , " a version of William Saroyan 's novel "  The Human Comedy . " Mellencamp 's new album , "  Plain Spoken , " is due for release next month .	Meg Ryan and John Mellencamp had kept relationship quiet The two reportedly began dating in 2010 Reasons for split include distance , different lifestyles , reports say
CNN  -- China 's Li Na set up an intriguing final against defending champion Victoria Azarenka at the Australian Open after a comprehensive victory Thursday over world No. 2 Maria Sharapova . The sixth seed -- a beaten finalist in 2011 -- was in imperious form as she romped to 6-2 6-2 win over the Russian in just over an hour and a half . The 30-year old broke Sharapova 's serve three times in the opening set and twice in the second to book her place in Saturday 's final in Melbourne . "  Every time I 'm back in Australia , I always feel something here , " Li , the first Asian female to win a grand slam singles title , told reporters after the match . "  I always play well here . Everyone can be nervous in a final , so I have to enjoy it . I 'm looking forward to the final . " Li credited a brutal training regime after she reached the final four in Melbourne for the third time in four years . She began working with Carlos Rodriguez , former trainer of seven-time grand slam winner Justine Henin , after deciding to end her professional relationship with husband Jiang Shan . "  We train every day for five , six hours , but not only playing tennis , " she told reporters earlier this week . "  Tennis was like maybe two , three hours . Fitness was for two or three hours as well . First time I was training with him , I was so excited , but after three days , I was dying . " Li said ending her tennis partnership with her husband had caused many people to think they had also ended their personal relationship . "  He was doing a very good job , " she said . "  But between husband and the coach , it is very tough . Sometimes , if he said ` we should do something ' I was feeling tired ... That 's why sometimes we have to fight . " Sharapova had lost just nine games coming into the match , a record for the tournament , but her game fell apart as she served six double-faults and made 32 unforced errors while failing to convert six of seven break points . "  She was certainly much more aggressive than I was , dictating the play . I was always on the defense , " said Sharapova , who lost to Azarenka in last year 's final . "  When I had my opportunities and break points in games that went to deuce , I do n't think any of them really went my way today . " In the other semifinal , world No. 1 Azarenka ended the run of American teenager Sloane Stephens -- who famously knocked out one of the tournament favorites , Serena Williams . But the Belorussian was forced to overcome an injury scare on her way to a 6-1 6-4 win over her 19-year-old opponent , who saved five match points and broke back to 5-4 in the second set before Azarenka took a lengthy break for medical treatment . Azarenka raised suspicions of gamesmanship when she suggested in her on-court post-match interview that nerves had got to her . "  I almost did the choke of the year right now , " she said . "  At 5-3 , having so many chances and I could n't close it out . I was a bit overwhelmed realizing I was one step away from the final . Nerves got into me , for sure . " The 23-year-old clarified her comments at her later press conference . "  I 'm telling you honestly that my back was bothering me , " Azarenka said . "  It took me too long of a time to call the trainer , which was my mistake . I took it to the point where I could n't breathe , which was causing from my back problem , and I could n't really figure out what was going on on the court . When the trainer told me that was the rib that was blocking that , my back , that 's what happened . "  When you can not breathe you start to panic . I was really panicking , not because I could n't convert my match point . That 's not the case . I mean , I 'm experienced enough to go over those emotions . "  But when you can not breathe , when something 's really blocking you , the stress , that was the stress I was talking about . I just could n't realize what was going on with me . " Stephens refused to criticize Azarenka , with whom she shares an agent . "  We actually are pretty good friends . I 'm sure I 'll see her and we 'll talk about it , " Stephens said . She will rise to a career-high 17th in the rankings after her best showing in a grand slam , while her popularity has also grown -- Stephens ' following on her Twitter page has rocketed from 17,000 to more than 55,000 .	China 's Li Na beats Russia 's Maria Sharapova in straight sets to reach final The former French Open champion also reached the Melbourne final in 2011 She will play world No. 1 Victoria Azarenka , who defeats U.S. teen Sloane Stephens Azarenka defends herself after taking a lengthy break at crucial point in match
Milwaukee  CNN  -- My 91-year-old mother finds a lot of things aggravating . Drugstores that run out of things that are on sale . Typos . And phone calls from Mitt Romney . Quite a few phone calls from Mitt Romney . Also from Rick Santorum . And other people advocating for each of them . She 's had enough . Also the television ads . Do they have to run so many ? This is one time my mother and the rest of Wisconsin appear to be in sync . The political atmosphere that has prevailed since February 2011 , when Republican Gov. Scott Walker launched his proposals to strip public employee unions of almost all of their power , remains supercharged . But as one big event follows another , with more coming soon , there is also a widespread sense that it 's all getting to be too much . How much can one state take ? A sense of political fatigue appears to be growing just as events are coming to a peak . Actually , they 're coming to quite a few peaks , which is part of the problem . There 's the peak that comes Tuesday , with the Republican presidential primary . Romney and Santorum , the two front-runners , have been up and down , particularly in the eastern half of Wisconsin the last few days . It 's been rare in the last few decades for a Wisconsin primary to be consequential , but the general assumption is that if Romney beats Santorum , Romney will pretty much seal the deal as the GOP nominee . So this is kind of a big deal . Then there 's the peak that will come over the next few weeks : a recall election in which Walker , who took office only 15 months ago , will face a Democratic challenger , quite possibly the person he defeated in November 2010 , Milwaukee Mayor Tom Barrett . The recall , only the third for a governor in American history , was ordered after more than 900,000 people signed petitions . A Democratic primary with -- as it appears at the moment -- four candidates will be held on May 8 , with a final election June 5 . At the same time in recall-happy Wisconsin , Walker 's lieutenant governor , Rebecca Kleefisch , will also face a recall , making her the first lieutenant governor in American history in that situation , and four state Senate seats held by Republicans will be involved in recall elections , with control of that house of the Wisconsin Legislature in the balance . Then there are the fall elections , with the strong prospect that Wisconsin will be a key battleground between President Barack Obama and the Republican nominee . Then there 's an open seat for the U.S. Senate . Democratic Sen. Herb Kohl is retiring , and a heated Republican primary for that nomination is shaping up for August . So that totals up to major election days in April , May , June , August and November . It also means the prospect -- already being demonstrated -- of amazing amounts of campaign spending , much of it by independent groups ; of robocalls inundating people across the state , and a level of television advertising that some experts say may leave Wisconsin viewers in the unenviable position of being exposed to more political spots in one year than virtually anyone else in U.S. history . It adds up to more than $ 100 million worth of political advertising in one state over 11 months . If one were to rank these election dates in order of interest , the Walker recall would be at the top of the stack . Tuesday 's presidential primary may be a big deal in the national perspective , but it has been a relatively low-passion event at ground level . According to polls , Romney trailed Santorum in February ; he was ahead in the last few days . Wisconsin has a large number of conservative voters , but the religiously motivated are n't as numerous as they are in Southern states , where Santorum has done well . Plus , it appears many Wisconsin Republicans , starting with powerful Rep. Paul Ryan , want to get the nomination race over and unite behind Romney . As in other places , support of Romney does n't appear to mean high enthusiasm . The Walker recall , on the other hand , carries huge implications for Wisconsin 's political climate for at least the next few years . Walker remains a polarizing figure like few who have ever crossed the landscape of the state . In almost any conversation with people who are not directly working in campaigns , the exhaustion factor comes up quickly . When will it all end ? How many more ads can we take ? How bottomless are the checkbooks of donors , especially the small - to midlevel donors ? These concerns are sort of like the old Yogi Berra line about the restaurant that nobody goes to anymore because it 's too crowded . Wisconsinites are worn down precisely because so much is going on , so many people are in various forms of uproar , and the parade of amazing political events does n't seem to stop . But in a state that historically has had very high voter turnout , one of the things that will be important to watch in coming months is how many people come to the polls . Will turnout begin to droop ? If so , to whose advantage or disadvantage ? At what point does fatigue become a major player on the battlefield of Wisconsin politics , and a 91-year-old woman who would prefer some political peace and quiet become a key opinion leader ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Alan J. Borsuk .	Alan Borsuk : Wisconsin politics in overdrive , with convergence of high-drama elections Coming up , he says , are Tuesday 's primary , recall votes , primaries for their opponents Borsuk : Fall vote , open Senate seat mean Wisconsinites are suffering from political fatigue People are sick to death of deluge of political ads and robocalls , Borsuk says
CNN  -- After six days of protests that packed the state capitol , Wisconsin 's major teachers ' union called on members to start returning to work Monday but keep fighting a proposed rollback of union protections for public employees . "  To educators whose contracts do not recognize Presidents ' Day , we call on them to return to duty by day -- and find ways to be vocal and visible after their workday is done , " Mary Bell , president of the nearly 100,000-member Wisconsin Education Association Council , told members in a statement issued Sunday afternoon . "  To those whose contracts recognize Presidents ' Day as a holiday , we call on them to return to Madison . " But other unions said they plan to continue demonstrations into Tuesday , and not all members of Bell 's union had decided to follow her lead . Members of Madison 's WEAC local , the MTI Teachers Union , have voted to remain at the capitol on Monday at least , its president , Mike Lipp , told CNN . "  I think every teacher in here wants to be back with their students , but we also understand that there are important points to be made , " Madison high school teacher David Olson told CNN . "  And so far , we 've done a good job of using our collective action to force the issue and to make sure people understand why we 're fighting . It 's an important fight to continue . " Wisconsin 's new Republican governor , Scott Walker , is pushing a state budget bill that would severely curtail collective bargaining for public employees . Walker says the measures are needed to head off a $ 3.6 billion budget shortfall by 2013 that could result in thousands of layoffs . But the issue has triggered widespread resistance from unions , even those that wo n't be affected by the plan , and the 14 Democrats in the state Senate have fled Wisconsin to stall a vote on the plan . "  It is not about specific negotiation points , " Matthew Kearney , a member of the Teaching Assistants Association and the University of Wisconsin-Madison , told CNN on Sunday . "  It 's about the existence of unions , the fact that this bill would make it impossible for public unions to exist in Wisconsin . That 's what 's it 's designed to do , to destroy public unions . " The demonstrations caused schools districts to cancel classes in Milwaukee and Madison for much of last week as large numbers of teachers took the day off work to protest . Some teachers have been given doctors ' notes to excuse their absences from physicians sympathetic to their cause , protesters told CNN . And an estimated 55,000 people turned out for Saturday rallies at the capitol , mostly in opposition to Walker 's plan . Several thousand more packed the building on Sunday , sending up a rousing cheer when a group of firefighters -- who , along with police , are exempt from Walker 's proposed bill -- joined them in a show of support . Speaking on "  Fox News Sunday , " Walker denied complaints that he was trying to break up public employee unions . But he said that collective bargaining has hindered local governments ' efforts to manage their finances "  time and time again . " "  The difference is , unlike those other states , I want to give those local governments the tools they need to balance the budget now and in the future , " he said . "  They ca n't do that with the current collective bargaining laws in the state . " Walker called on the fugitive Democrats to come back home , telling them , "  If you want to participate in a democracy , you 've got to be in the arena . " But the senators said they 'll stay away unless Walker agrees to negotiations over his proposal , arguing that teachers have already agreed to pay more toward health care and pensions . "  In return , they ask only that the provisions that deny their right to collectively bargain are removed , " state Senator Jon Erpenbach , a Democrat , said Saturday . CNN 's Casey Wian and Chris Welch contributed to this report	Unions have protested for 6 days in Madison The largest teachers ' union calls for a return to work Madison 's teachers ' local says it will keep protesting Monday
MUMBAI , India  CNN  -- Every day the fate of 200,000 Mumbai residents ' lunches lie in the hands , and on the heads , of the city 's lunch delivery men , the dabbawalas . Lunch is served : The dabbawalas have been serving up lunch to Mumbai residents for 118 years . A corp of around 5,000 tiffin lunch box dabbawalas have been supplying the city 's hungry workers with hot home-made lunches since Mahatma Gandhi was a 21-year-old law student . From Monday to Saturday , regardless of monsoon rains or sweltering heat , they can be seen across the city balancing up to 40 metal lunch pails on their heads or pushing fully laden hand carts "  The world is advancing and people are taking outside food , but maybe only once in a week . People still like to take homemade food , usually every day , so that 's why we 're in demand , " says 33-year-old dabbawala Manish Tripathi from his apartment in Borivali , a suburb of Mumbai . Not only providing a necessary and recession-proof service -- even in tough economic times , people will always need lunch -- the dabbawalas are a cooperative that can boast a business record of reliability that would have any operation salivating with envy . In a city of 18 million people living cheek by jowl , most of them appearing on the move at the same time , the chances of a lamb biryani ending up in the place of a tarka dahl would seem to be high However according to Tripathi , for every 16 million deliveries only one will go AWOL . "  Really it is magic , " he said , perhaps revealing the unexpected secret of success of the dabbawalas . The six sigma rating the dabbawalas received by Forbes magazine precipitated a rush of interest from management supply companies and business schools searching for the secrets of its success . The rating means that the dabbawalas have a 99.9 percent efficiency rate . The "  magic " Tripathi goes on to explain has less to do with an intangible mysticism and more to do with the tight-knit group of dabbawalas and the unique delivery system . Watch Manish Tripathi explain how the dabbawalas work " A typical day for a dabbawala starts at around 8 am when the cylindrical metal tiffin boxes are collected from homes and taken to the nearest railway station where they are loaded onto crates and transported by train to downtown Mumbai . Tripathi and his group of dabbawalas work along the city 's Marine railway line and begin to gather at Churchgate station at 11.30 am . Each wearing a white Gandhi topi hat , the dabbawalas have time to chat and organize the tiffin boxes between them , before taking up to 40 tiffin boxes each , slung over bicycle handlebars , loaded onto hand carts or carried on long trays balanced on top of heads . On average one tiffin box will change hands four times in its journey from a home kitchen to a hungry office worker . So far , so simple . However , the majority of the dabbawalas are illiterate and the sorting is done mostly by a system of color coding handles and tiffin box covers that has hardly changed since the first tiffin was delivered in 1890 . As well as the long-practiced delivery system , and the cheap , extensive and reliable rail network of the city , it 's the unity of the dabbawalas that Tripathi credits with being a key factor in their longevity . The dabbawalas belong to the Vakari sect and have roots to the simple farming community of Pune outside Mumbai in Maharashtra state . "  They are a single DNA , " he says . "  Everyone is a Marathi , they are made from the same cloth , speak the same language , everyone 's lunch is the same , everyone 's god is the same . So there 's a high degree or coordination and commitment . "  When you have organizations with people with different backgrounds , different castes , different languages , there 's bound to be disagreement and a problem among them . " Despite the growing social mobility of India 's middle classes , caste then still has a central place in the lives and options open to millions more in India . For Tripathi and the other dabbawalas their success and longevity is source of pride in their heritage . If the delivery system of the dabbawalas and hiring system is archaic , Tripathi can be credited with bringing the collective into at least the 20th century . He set up a dabbawala web site five years ago and in 2006 started a text message ordering service for dabba customers , which 5 to 10 people use every day . Companies have n't been slow to tap into the dabbawalas network or reputation of reliability and trustworthiness . The Bank of India , and India 's booming mobile phone and Internet providers including Airtel and Reliance and have used the dabbawalas to distribute flyers for their services with the tiffin boxes . "  Once in a while the customers do n't mind , but if this is happening every day the customer will get annoyed , so we keep it to a minimum , " says Tripathi . While small groups of dabbawalas operate individually of other groups in different areas of the city -- sharing the months taking equally between all ; an average dabbawala wage is around $ 100 a month -- there is an informal hierarchy . A board of directors is made up of around five senior dabbawalas who in their dotage do n't have to carry the lunch boxes until they kick the can , but are on hand to resolve any disputes . Expansion of the network of dabbawalas is limited , however , the extra revenue from associations with the likes of Airtel , lectures and media operations goes to the Dabbawala Foundation , a social security fund for the dabbawalas and their families , a well as a means to buy new carts for bicycles . As well as delivering the tiffin boxes , English-speaking Tripathi is the chairman of the Dabbawala Foundation , who clearly enjoys his extra role as patron . "  I get the money from various sources , " he says . "  I ca n't talk about where the money is from , " he continues , his eyes dropping to the floor , " but I can say that money is never a problem . If you 're intentions are good , money will come automatically , " he smiles the twinkle returning to his eye . By finding a way through the network of unmapable Mumbai streets and latterly discovering ways in which to tap into new revenue streams the dabbawalas appear future-proof , their unique system more than capable standing up to and economic downturn or personal changes in taste .	Mumbai 's dabbawalas have been delivering lunches in the city for 118 years Extensive network of delivery men and unique system for delivery Supply chain studies say dabbawalas have a 99.9 percent success rate Despite little change in 100 years , dabbawalas now have web site and text service
CNN  -- Hillary Clinton 's campaign has apologized for "  inappropriate " language used by her husband in response to what it called an "  outrageously unfair " article about the former president . Bill and Hillary Clinton campaign in Sioux Falls , South Dakota , on Monday . The article , by Vanity Fair magazine 's national editor Todd Purdum , suggested that Bill Clinton 's personality had changed since his 2004 heart bypass surgery and said that there were reports of Clinton "  seeing a lot of women on the road . " Purdum quoted four anonymous former Clinton aides saying that another of his former assistants had conducted "  what one of these aides called an intervention " about the reports of philandering . A writer for the Huffington Post , Mayhill Fowler , asked Clinton on Monday what he thought "  about that hatchet job somebody did on you in Vanity Fair , " according to a recording of the exchange posted on the Huffington Post 's Web site . Listen to Clinton call the reporter a "  scumbag " " " -LSB- He 's -RSB- sleazy , " Clinton responded . "  He 's a really dishonest reporter . " Clinton said he had not read the article but that he was told that "  there 's five or six just blatant lies in there . But he 's a real slimy guy . " Watch Larry King panel debate Bill Clinton 's response " Calling Purdum a "  scumbag , " Clinton said "  he 's one of the guys that propagated all those lies about Whitewater for Kenneth Starr . He 's just a dishonest guy -- ca n't help it . " Purdum "  did n't use a single name , he did n't cite a single source in all those things he said , " said the former president , who added that the article was "  part of the national media 's attempt to nail Hillary for -LSB- Barack -RSB- Obama . " He said readers should be wary of news accounts that rely on unnamed sources . "  Anytime you read a story that slimes a public figure with anonymous quotes , it ought to make the bells go off in your head , " he said . Late Monday , Jay Carson , a spokesman for Hillary Clinton 's campaign , said that "  President Clinton was understandably upset about an outrageously unfair article , but the language today was inappropriate and he wishes he had not used it . " Purdum , a former New York Times reporter who covered the Clinton White House and is now married to former Clinton press secretary Dee Dee Myers , defended his article on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " Monday . He told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer he was "  very careful to say there is no clear-cut evidence that President Clinton has done anything improper . " Watch CNN 's Wolf Blitzer interview Purdum " "  I reject the notion that I 'm making an insinuation , " Purdum said . "  But I 'm very comfortable quoting the people I quote because I know who they are , and I know that they are very senior people who have known President Clinton for a very long time and work for him at very high levels . " In his article , Purdum quotes a Johns Hopkins cardiologist -- who was not involved in Clinton 's health care -- who says that the former president 's bypass surgery could have affected his mood , perhaps even causing depression . And on CNN , Purdum quoted "  some people who work for him " saying that Clinton "  seems to be angry all the time . " Purdum added he himself believes there 's evidence the former president is acting in a different manner . "  I think there 's a good deal of evidence that he is quite a bit angrier than he used to be , " he said . "  He 's clearly very angry at the media , and he 's very angry at the way he sees Sen. Clinton 's campaign has been treated . " "  I do n't suggest that anyone can say -- except perhaps his own doctors over time -- with certainty that -LSB- the surgery -RSB- has affected President Clinton , " he said . "  But again , this article involves reporting with a whole bunch of people who have worked for Bill Clinton over many years . And this is one of the things they raised with me . I did n't go raising this . " Clinton 's office issued a rebuttal of Purdum 's article that decried his use of "  one doctor who has never examined President Clinton . " "  This theory is false and is flatly rejected by President Clinton 's doctors who say he is in excellent shape and point to his vigorous schedule as evidence of his exceptional recovery , " the rebuttal said . Watch analyst James Carville 's take on the article " The lengthy article hits newsstands later this week , though Vanity Fair has already posted a copy on its Web site . The posting prompted a blistering response from Carson , who called the piece "  journalism of personal destruction at its worst . " "  A tawdry , anonymous quote-filled attack piece , published in this month 's Vanity Fair magazine regarding former President Bill Clinton repeats many past attacks on him , ignores much prior positive coverage , includes numerous errors , and ultimately breaks no new ground , " he said . Purdum last year wrote an article about efforts by Sen. John McCain , now the presumptive Republican nominee for president , to draw in the party 's more conservative voters . CNN 's Alex Mooney contributed to this report .	Bill Clinton called author of Vanity Fair article a "  scumbag " and "  real slimy guy " Clinton campaign spokesman says former president now wishes he had n't said it Article quotes anonymous Bill Clinton aides discussing his anger , reports of women Author Todd Purdum says he has n't accused Clinton of doing anything wrong
CNN  -- Ailing German champions Bayern Munich thrashed second-placed Bayer Leverkusen 5-1 on Sunday to boost the club 's hopes of European Champions League football next season . Germany international striker Mario Gomez scored a first-half hat-trick for the 22-time Bundesliga winners in a victory which saw the Bavarians climb into the third and final qualifying position for Europe 's premier club competition . The 25-year-old scored his treble between an early Simon Rolfes own-goal and a late strike from French winger Franck Ribery , with Switzerland striker Eren Derdiyok restoring some pride for Jupp Heynckes ' team . Leverkusen , four-times German runners-up but not since 2002 when the club also lost in the Champions League final , could have closed to within two points of league leaders Borussia Dortmund . But Dortmund instead moved eight points clear with a 3-0 victory over Freiburg in Sunday 's late match . Heynckes , who has coached Bayern on two previous occasions , is set to move to the Allianz Arena next season as a replacement for sacked Dutch coach Louis van Gaal . Van Gaal guided Bayern to a domestic league and cup double last season , also losing in the Champions League final , but the 59-year-old lost his job after last weekend 's draw with Nuremberg . Bayern , currently under caretaker boss Andries Jonker , are now one point ahead of fourth-placed Hannover -- who drew 0-0 at Hamburg on Saturday -- with four games left . The opening goal against Leverkusen arrived after just seven minutes when Bastian Schweinsteiger headed a Thomas Muller corner onto the unfortunate Rolfes , who deflected the ball beyond goalkeeper Rene Adler . Gomez grabbed a second in the 28th minute when Chile 's Arturo Vidal made a mistake with a backpass , before 2010 World Cup golden boot winner Muller grabbed his second assist of the match as he teed up his teammate at the far post a minute before halftime . Gomez claimed the match ball with his 22nd Bundesliga goal this season in first-half stoppage time , before Derdiyok found the roof of the net for the visitors just past the hour mark . A neat move between Ribery and Belgium defender Daniel van Buyten led to Bayern 's fifth and final goal with 15 minutes remaining . Borussia Dortmund , seeking a first title since the club 's sixth success in 2001-02 , had few problems at home to eighth-placed Freiburg . Defender Marcel Schmelzer burst to the byline and cut the ball back for 18-year-old Mario Gotze to open the scoring in the 23rd minute , then Dortmund playmaker Nuri Sahin limped off with a knee injury . Striker Robert Lewandowski made up for two earlier misses with the second goal just before halftime , with the Poland international pouncing after Freiburg 's Omer Toprak deflected a pass from defender Mats Hummels into his path . Kevin Grosskreutz sealed victory in the 78th minute with his 15th goal in all competitions this season after Lewandowski released Gotze and the teenager squared the ball to the 22-year-old .	Bayern Munich beat title hopefuls Leverkusen 5-1 to move into third in the Bundesliga Bayern need to finish in the top three to qualify for next season 's Champions League Germany striker Mario Gomez scores first-half hat-trick for the defending champions Borussia Dortmund go eight points clear of second-placed Leverkusen
CNN  -- Former naval aviator Bob Besal was just 24 when his life literally took a dive . Besal was piloting a Vought A-7C on a training mission 20 miles east of St. Augustine , Florida , more than 37 years ago when his light attack aircraft collided with another plane at 15,000 feet , sending his jet spiraling into the Atlantic . Besal ejected safely from the cockpit ; his plane sank to the bottom of the ocean . The other plane limped back to base . This month , Besal 's past caught up with the present as divers found his wreckage , and the story can now be written about the people who recently found it and Besal 's reaction . See photos of the wreckage It was mid-morning on December 2 , the first Monday after Thanksgiving in 1974 . Lt.  j.g.  Besal and three other A-7 Corsair II pilots had taken off from Cecil Field Naval Air Station about 10 miles from Jacksonville . They were rolling their aircraft and doing simulated bombing runs . He estimates they were flying at 300 to 350 knots  345 to 402 mph  . By his own admission , Besal said he got too close to the plane piloted by his commanding officer , Cmdr. Peter Schoeffel , a former Vietnam POW . "  The event is burned in my brain , " Besal , 62 , a retired rear admiral who served 30 years in the Navy , said by phone this week from Charleston , South Carolina , where he now teaches aviation maintenance technology at Trident Technical College . "  It was gray and rainy , not a nice day to be sitting in the ocean , " laughed Besal in an obvious understatement . "  I was literally bobbing like a cork in a tiny raft . " Besal remembers ejecting and free-falling for a couple thousand feet before his parachute opened automatically . He said he was floating in water with an air temperature of about 40 degrees "  shooting off pencil flares " to get the attention of a nearby helicopter . "  Absolutely unbelievable , " he said thinking back after he was pulled to safety . A newspaper article at the time from the Florida Times-Union reported , "  The helicopter was operating in the area on a routine water indoctrination flight . " As luck would have it , that helicopter crew was trained in search and rescue . An accident investigation board was convened by the Navy to determine the cause of the collision , but Besal knew who was to blame . "  Pilot error . It was entirely my fault , " he said humbly . "  Truthfully , I got a little disoriented . I thought ` Oh my God , ' it would be close . The planes were in a climb . I heard a huge bang . My airplane almost immediately went out of control , lost hydraulics . " The vertical tail of his jet was broken off . Besal , the oldest of nine siblings , said he never really focused on what happened to his plane once he saw it disappear below the clouds , but over the years , he 's never forgotten . "  The memories have never left , " he reflected . It 's likely not something Joe Kistel is ever going to forget either . Kistel , who at 31 is half the age of Besal , is the man who found Besal 's plane by accident this month . Kistel is the executive director of TISIRI  Think It Sink It Reef It  , a Jacksonville-based company in the business of building artificial reefs and environmental conservation . Kistel and his team of divers -- Larry Davis , Ed Kalakauskis and Nate Tucei -- were mapping the sea floor 20 miles off the coast of St. Augustine , when they spotted wreckage 80 feet down in the Atlantic Ocean . Bringing closure to relatives of those killed in 1952 Alaska crash They took photos and launched their own investigation in hopes of identifying the aircraft . "  By a stroke of luck , " Kistel said , he found a key part . It was what appeared to be a small flat part riveted to another piece . He brought it to the surface , removed years of growth and discovered a data plate . TISIRI supporter Steve Blalock used the documentation to identify the aircraft and find Besal . "  It 's a great feeling . This endeavor was very much worthwhile . Much effort was spent on searching the actual site and researching with no promise of finding any results , " Kistel said . "  Due to much luck and perhaps insistence , we were able to locate the right components that lead us to the identification . To actually be able to solve the riddle of this aircraft wreckage is quite gratifying . " For Besal , who went on to earn two Distinguished Flying Cross awards and the Bronze Star in Desert Storm and whose career included duty as commanding officer of the aircraft carrier USS America , the collision nearly four decades ago and the recent discovery of his plane have brought back memories and another opportunity for a teachable moment . "  I was fortunate to grow up in a Navy system that accommodated some human error , " Besal reflected . "  I had a lot of people that gave me another chance . I was blessed . " Besal acknowledged he has a greater appreciation for the errors he made , and it helps bring a "  little more understanding when my juniors and people who work for me make mistakes . " "  Burying it would n't do much good , " Besal said . But good is exactly what became of the actual wreckage still partially buried in the sand . "  What I am probably most excited about is  to  be able to tell/show Bob how this wreckage is a productive reef ecosystem today and probably has been for some time , " Kistel said . "  A very positive outcome today because of the unfortunate accident years ago . " Daughter explores plane wreckage , searching for dad who went missing 16 years ago	Bob Besal was a young Navy flyer when his plane collided with another He was rescued from the Atlantic after the 1974 incident ; the plane sank The wreckage was found by accident this month by a Florida company Now the wreckage is "  a productive reef ecosystem , " says the man who found it
CNN  -- Less than a year after four strangers risked their lives to save Michelle Kehoe and her sons from an icy Iowa River , the mother is accused of slashing the two boys ' throats and leaving them to die . Michelle Kehoe was arrested November 15 after leaving the hospital where she had been since the attack . Kehoe 's 2-year-old son was found dead the morning of October 27 outside the family 's van , which was parked a short distance from the Hook-n-Liner pond in Littleton , Iowa . Her 7-year-old son was injured but still alive inside the van . He was rushed to the hospital for surgery , according to the Iowa Department of Public Safety . Scars on his neck underscore the chilling account he gave police , contained in a police affidavit filed in Buchanan County court . The boy said his mother started with him , taking him from the van before covering his eyes , ears and mouth with duct tape , according to the affidavit . Then , he told police , she cut his throat . She then moved on to his younger brother , he said . He could hear his brother 's cries as she repeated the attack on him , the 7-year-old told police . Kehoe initially denied involvement in the attacks , blaming them on a stranger . Eventually , she admitted to acquiring the knife and duct tape weeks earlier but could not explain why , the affidavit says . Kehoe faces life in prison on charges of first-degree murder , attempted murder and child endangerment resulting in serious injury . She is being held on $ 2.5 million bail , County Attorney Allan Vander Hart said . She has not entered a plea but is scheduled for arraignment December 2 . Repeated calls to Andrea Dryer , Kehoe 's public defender , were not returned . CNN was unable to find any public comments by Dryer on the case . The attacks have rattled the community of Coralville , a suburb of Iowa City where Kehoe and her husband , Eugene , lived with their sons . The arrest comes just three months after Iowa Gov. Chet Culver honored four men for diving into the Iowa River to rescue Kehoe and her sons on a cold December afternoon last year . The governor 's office gave the following account : Kehoe was driving the boys to the library when the car hit the curb , skidded on ice and then plunged into the river . As rushing waters filled the car , three passers-by who had watched it veer off the road plunged after it into the icy waters . Inside the car , Kehoe dislodged her older son from his booster seat and passed him through the window to Cory Rath , who brought the boy ashore . Kehoe removed her younger son , then 14 months old , from his car seat and handed him out the window to Mark Petersen . Petersen began to swim with the boy and then passed the boy to Josh Shepherd , according to the governor 's office . Kehoe , meanwhile , had escaped from the car and was fighting the rough currents pulling her underwater . Bicyclist Steve McGuire noticed her struggling and dropped his bicycle to dive in after her . The dramatic rescue formed a bond between the Kehoes and their four saviors , especially Rath , who befriended the family . He did not respond to CNN 's phone calls but spoke recently with a local television station . "  Your heart sinks to hear that something was happening again , " Rath told KGAN , a television station in Cedar Rapids , Iowa . "  I mean , we just rescued these kids and mom from the river last December . " Rath told KGAN he was grateful that the older boy had survived but worried about the rough times ahead for him . "  Dying at the age of seven would have been really , really tragic , " he told KGAN . "  I 'm also saddened that there are certainly difficulties he will have in the days and years to come that are troubling to think about . " Police have said they are not re-examining last year 's accident in light of the recent attacks on the boys . Prosecutor Vander Hart would not comment on whether they were related . The 2-year-old 's slaying also marks the first homicide in five years in Buchanan County , the prosecutor said . "  Murder cases are pretty few and far in between here . We 're a small rural community of 21,000 people , " Vander Hart said . "  Any time you have a case with these kinds of facts , it 's going to draw some kind of attention . But I was not prepared for this degree of attention . " For many , the grisly nature of the attacks is compounded by the fact the boys ' own mother is charged with plotting and carrying them out . Cases of mothers who kill their children , like Susan Smith and Andrea Yates , continue to fascinate the public , even as the rates of filicide -- the act of a parent who kills his or her own child -- have remained fairly stable . "  Because these cases are so tragic , they pull at your heartstrings , but they happen all the time , " said Laurie Levenson , a professor at Loyola Law School in Los Angeles , California . In 2005 , 555 children under the age of five were victims of homicide , compared with 544 in 1976 . The rate peaked in 1991 at 778 and bottomed out in 1971 at 511 , according to statistics from the Department of Justice . Another fairly stable statistic : In more than 50 percent of child homicides , the killer is a parent . "  The natural defense to anticipate is insanity , because why would a mother kill her own child ? " Levenson asked . "  It certainly can be insanity , but it 's not always the case . Perfectly sane people can do horrible things , and they do , every day . " Mothers can be motivated to kill their children by several factors , according to criminologist James Alan Fox , Lipman Family professor of criminal justice at Northeastern University . Some act on genuine psychotic delusions , as jurors determined to be the case with Texas mother Andrea Yates , who told doctors she drowned her five children because God told her to do so . Others can be motivated by selfish reasons : Susan Smith 's alleged motive for killing her children was that she perceived them to be an obstacle in her relationship with her boyfriend . "  It 's a crazy thing to do , but crazy describes the behavior , not the mind , " Fox said , adding that between 300 and 350 children have been homicide victims in 2008 . "  It does n't make sense to most of us , but that does n't mean the state of mind of the person is mentally ill . You may know what you 're doing and have very selfish motivations , " he explained . Kehoe said she could n't explain why she did what she did , according to the affidavit . Police said she initially told a false but chilling tale of how a normal , two-hour Sunday drive to visit relatives was interrupted by a brutal attack on her family . On that Monday morning in October , she showed up on the doorstep of a home in Littleton , claiming that a man she could n't identify had abducted her and her children . The person who answered the door called 911 , and sheriff 's deputies located the van with Kehoe 's help . Initially , she denied involvement in the attacks and stood by the statement that she 'd been attacked by a stranger . When pressed by investigators , however , Kehoe said she had purchased a knife a month earlier and duct tape two months earlier , the affidavit states . The document also says that before she and her sons left home Sunday , she wrote a note detailing the abduction by a stranger . The note was found in the van , according to the affidavit . The document went on to say : "  She stated that it all happened within five minutes and prior to 1:30 pm . She stated she could n't explain why she had done it . She stated that she could n't face anyone . She stated that she wanted to die or be locked up where she could n't hurt anyone . " After speaking with investigators , Kehoe was taken to the hospital to be treated for her own wounds and trauma , said prosecutor Vander Hart , declining to elaborate . She remained there until she was arrested and taken to jail a week ago Saturday . A plea of not guilty would open the door to a criminal trial , where Kehoe 's state of mind would become a key issue , experts say . Michael Welner , a forensic psychiatrist and Chairman of The Forensic Panel , interviewed Andrea Yates and testified for the prosecution at her trial . He said the successful insanity defense in Yates ' case made what was once an "  unthinkable " strategy into a viable defense .	Michelle Kehoe allegedly first told investigators a stranger attacked her and boys Authorities say she admitted buying duct tape , knife weeks earlier 2-year-old is one of about 300 children slain this year Kehoe is scheduled to be arraigned on December 2
The recession has been rough on everyone -- except maybe Bruce Springsteen , who 's emerged with some good material for his new album . He says "  Wrecking Ball " was inspired by Occupy Wall Street , and even though some of these songs were written before anyone pointed a bullhorn at the banks , he 's smart to make that declaration . Whenever America 's falling on hard times , his music simply sounds better , his lyrics taking on near-biblical significance . Take 2000 's " My City of Ruins , " which was originally written to help promote the revitalization of Asbury Park , New Jersey , but took on an entirely new meaning after September 11 , when he began introducing it as " a prayer for our fallen brothers and sisters . " Or there 's 2005 's " Devils & Dust , " penned before the 2003 invasion of Iraq , which became a de facto anti-Iraq-war song after he added a coda for the troops : " Bring 'em home ! " Whenever there 's a movement in need of an anthem , it turns out Springsteen has already written one . There 's no doubt that die-hard fans will hear a fierce rallying cry on behalf of the 99 percent on "  Wrecking Ball . " With an awesomely rootsy production style that recalls 2006 's "  The Seeger Sessions , " the album even sounds like a cross section of America , drawing from folk , gospel , and hip-hop . And on "  Ball 's " best moments , Springsteen is fired up enough to borrow a socket wrench and knock out Lehman Brothers ' teeth . The working-man paean " We Take Care of Our Own " recalls " Born in the U.S.A. " both in its upbeat E Street boogie and in its ironic message , which practically dares some Republican to misinterpret it as a campaign song . Elsewhere , the moving title track  one of the last to feature the late , great Clarence Clemons  stands among his best blue-collar anthems , with a chorus that 's the perfect prayer for anyone who 's been laid off : " Hold tight to your anger/And do n't fall to your fears . " Of course , that message could just as easily apply to football fans .  He actually wrote " Wrecking Ball " about the demolition of Giants Stadium .  That 's the problem here : The images are so broad -- every song 's got a rising flood or a train of sinners or a dead man 's moon -- you 'll be dying for a detail that 's anchored in the real world , circa 2012 . True , Springsteen 's ballads have always been made of archetypes like rivers and fast cars . But he 's rarely written anything as excruciatingly vague as " You 've Got It , " which plays like Twenty Questions clues : " Ai n't no one can break it/Ain ' t no one can steal it ... . You just know it/When you feel it . " Though there are heartfelt tributes to the downtrodden , the only overt reference to the financial collapse comes in " Easy Money , " when he scoffs at " all them fat cats . " The money may be easy -- but the target is too . B See the full article at EW.com .	Bruce Springsteen says "  Wrecking Ball " was inspired by Occupy Wall Street Die-hard fans will hear a fierce rallying cry on behalf of the 99 percent on "  Wrecking Ball " The working-man paean " We Take Care of Our Own " recalls " Born in the U.S.A. "
Mental Floss  -- There 's no need to page Doctor Doolittle for this case . Here are the amazing , true stories of four animals that could speak for themselves . 1 . Hoover the Seal In 1971 , George and Alice Swallow found a baby seal just off the coast of Maine . The little guy appeared to be orphaned , so they took him home and kept him in their bathtub . For the first few days , they tried to feed him ground mackerel , but he refused to eat . Once he trusted his new parents , though , he began eating so voraciously they compared him to a Hoover vacuum cleaner and the name stuck . When he got too big for the tub , Hoover was moved to a small pond behind the Swallows ' house . After only a few months , Hoover was eating more fish than his human caretakers were able to provide , so they contacted the New England Aquarium in Boston , hoping the facility had room for him . When introducing the seal to the aquarium , George mentioned that Hoover could talk . Of course no one believed him at the time . A few years later , though , researchers at the aquarium noticed that Hoover 's guttural sounds really did seem to be forming words and phrases . He was often telling people to "  Get outta here ! " or asking , "  How are ya ? " He could say his name and a few other phrases , all with a thick Bostonian accent . Once the word got out that the Aquarium had a talking seal , he became a media sensation , making appearances in Reader 's Digest , The New Yorker , National Public Radio , and even on Good Morning America . Sadly , Hoover died of natural causes in July 1985 at the ripe old age of 14 . He was so admired that he received his own obituary in the Boston Globe . He left behind several offspring , but none possessed his unique gift for gab . 2 . Blackie the Cat Search YouTube for "  Talking Cat " and you 'll find thousands of videos of fluent felines . But in 1981 , a talking cat was a bit harder to come by . So when Carl Miles of Augusta , Georgia , trained his cat Blackie to say , "  I love you " and "  I want my mama , " they took their act on the road . Throughout the early 1980s , Blackie made paid appearances on local TV and radio programs , and even hit the big time with a spot on the network TV show That 's Incredible . However , as the novelty wore off , Carl and Blackie ended up performing on street corners , asking for donations from passersby . After some complaints from locals , police informed Carl that he would need to get a business license in order to keep up Blackie 's street show . Carl paid the $ 50 fee for a license , but something about it rubbed him the wrong way . So Carl sued the city of Augusta , under the pretense that the city 's business license code mentions many types of occupations that require a license , but a talking cat show was not one of them . But that was n't the only issue Carl had -- he also claimed the city was infringing on Blackie 's First Amendment Right to Free Speech . Carl lost his case , but he appealed the ruling until it came before a federal court . The argument was finally closed when three presiding judges declared that the business license ordinance allowed for other , unspecified types of businesses to require a license , which would encompass a talking cat performer . As for the First Amendment violation , the courts said the law did not apply because Blackie was not human , and therefore not protected under the Bill of Rights . Furthermore , there seemed no good cause for Carl Miles to be the one to bring the suit in the first place . If Blackie felt his rights were being violated , as a talking cat , he should have been the one to say something . Mental Floss : Animals that were put on trial 3 . Alex the Parrot Alex , an African gray parrot , was purchased from a Chicago pet store in 1977 . Dr. Irene Pepperberg bought the one-year-old bird to see if she could teach a parrot to understand language in a similar manner to chimpanzees and gorillas that had been taught American Sign Language . At the time , it was believed that a large brain , like a primate 's , was necessary to acquire language . By comparison , a parrot 's brain is about the size of a walnut , so it was believed that mimicry was the best we could hope for . Instead , the work of Pepperberg and Alex  an acronym for Avian Learning EXperiment  before his sudden death in 2007 , has changed the perceptions of many in the scientific community . According to Dr. Pepperberg 's research , this avian Einstein could identify 50 different objects , knew seven colors and shapes , and many different kinds of materials like wool , paper , and wood . For example , hold up a blue block of wood and Alex could tell you the shape , the color , and even what it was made of . However , he also grasped more complex concepts that required a higher level of thought and understanding . Put a handful of red and yellow blocks on a tray and ask him how many were yellow , he could tell you the correct answer . If you then asked him how many of those same blocks were green , he would say "  none . " Furthermore , hold up two blocks of different colors and different sizes and he could tell you which was bigger . Maybe the term "  birdbrained " is n't such an insult after all . Despite the loss of Alex , the Avian Learning Experiment goes on . Dr. Pepperberg 's latest feathered pupil is Griffin , another African Gray , that was born in 1995 . In 2007 , Animal Planet tested Griffin against kids at a Boston preschool on the basics of object recognition , colors , and shapes . It was determined that Griffin was about as smart as a three-and-a-half year old human . Not bad for having a brain the size of a walnut . Mental Floss : 10 technologies we stole from animals 4 . Lucy the Chimp When she was only two days old , Lucy , a chimpanzee , was purchased by the University of Oklahoma and sent to live with Dr. Maurice Temerlin , a noted psychologist , who , along with his wife , raised the little chimp as if she were their own human child . Lucy was taught how to eat normal meals at the table using silverware . She could dress herself , often choosing to wear skirts just like her "  mother " did . She could even make tea for her "  parents " and the team of researchers who trained and cared for her . Dr. Robert Fouts , one of the groundbreaking psychologists who taught American Sign Language  ASL  to Washoe the chimp in 1967 , helped Lucy learn to communicate using around 250 ASL signs . Lucy could not only give the signs for objects like airplane , ball , and food , but she could also express her emotions with her hands , often "  saying " when she was hungry , happy , or sad . Lucy had become so close to human in most every way that she only found human men , not male chimpanzees , sexually attractive . It was pretty clear that , in her mind anyway , she was the same as her parents . It 's a sad fact that once a captive chimp has reached about four or five years old , their immense strength can become a danger to their human caretakers . Often they need to be placed in a zoo , a lab , or some other facility better equipped to handle primates . In this case , the Temerlins raised Lucy as their daughter until 1977 , when she was almost 12 years old , before they finally felt like they had to find her a new home . After much deliberation , they decided upon a nature preserve in Gambia on the west coast of Africa . They , along with research assistant Janis Carter , flew with Lucy to her new home to help ease the chimp into the wild . However , it was not going to be as simple as they 'd hoped . At the preserve , Lucy was put in a cage at night to protect her from predators . She had only ever slept in a bed inside a nice , quiet , suburban home , so the jungle was a completely new and frightening environment for her . She was also scared of the other chimps , strange creatures she had only encountered a few times before in her life , preferring to stay close to her parents and Janis whenever she could . She was n't eating because her food had always been delivered to her on a plate ; she did n't even understand the concept of foraging . When her parents suddenly became distant and were n't providing her with the life she had always known , Lucy became confused and sad . She would often use the sign for "  hurt . " And she lost much of her hair due to the stress of her new situation . Realizing that Lucy would never move on if they stayed , her parents left her behind after three weeks . Janis agreed to stay for a few weeks longer , but it was soon clear that Lucy could n't change who she was . And so , Janis never left . Mental Floss : How do you transport a whale ? Janis helped found a chimpanzee sanctuary on an abandoned island in the middle of the Gambia River . She took Lucy and other chimps that had been raised in captivity and lived with them on the island , teaching them skills they would need in the wild , like finding food and climbing trees . For most , the new lifestyle quickly became second nature . But for nearly eight years , Lucy refused to give up her human ways . She wanted human food , human interaction , and to be loved by , what she considered , one of her own kind . It was n't until Janis stopped living on the island that Lucy was finally able to accept her new life and joined a troupe of chimps . Whenever Janis visited the island , Lucy was still affectionate , still used sign language , but thankfully , she always went back with the chimps into the forest . Sadly , Lucy 's decomposed body was discovered in 1987 . Her exact cause of death is unknown , though some believe she was killed by poachers . Others say it was probably something less spectacular , like an attack by a dominant male or an illness . There 's one thing that no one who knew her wonders about , though , and that 's the fact that Lucy never really believed she was anything less than human . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Chimp raised by humans learns sign language ; signs "  hurt ' after left at nature preserve Hoover the seal tells aquarium visitors , "  Get outta here ! " or asks "  How are ya ? " Blackie the cat taught to say , "  I love you " and "  I want my mama " Alex the parrot competes with kids on object recognition , colors , and shapes
New York  CNN  -- A New York company offering tours of Bronx neighborhoods has shut down after officials objected to its advertising that claimed to give visitors "  a ride through a real New York City ` ghetto ' , " according to a statement from Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. . The tour 's controversial description states that when thinking of the Bronx , people envision when the borough "  was notorious for drugs , gangs , crime and murders . " It promises to take visitors on a three-hour journey into "  this diverse and mysterious borough called the Bronx . " The website for the tour company , Real Bronx Tours , was no longer accessible on Thursday , but an advertisement for the tour is still viewable on NewYorkPass.com , a site intended for purchasing tourism tickets . According to an open letter on Monday from Diaz and New York City Council Member Melissa Mark-Viverito , the tour strongly misrepresents the borough . The letter , addressed to Real Bronx Tours company owner Michael Myers , urges the company to stop profiting off of a tour that paints the borough "  as a haven for poverty and crime , while mocking everything from our landmarks to the less fortunate members of our community who are availing themselves of food assistance programs . " "  Using the Bronx to sell a so-called ` ghetto ' experience to tourists is completely unacceptable and the highest insult to the communities we represent , " the letter read . In a second statement from Diaz on Tuesday , he announced that in response , the tour company had decided to end its "  inaccurate and disrespectful tours . " "  I am relieved that this company has listened to the overwhelming complaints of community members , as well as public officials , who were outraged and sickened , " the statement read . Representatives of Real Bronx Tours did not return CNN 's calls seeking comment . Diaz now is also asking the company to apologize to the residents of the Bronx "  for their terrible portrayal of our communities . " Mark-Viverito told CNN it is a great victory for the community and that in the future , tours should instead highlight the beauty in the Bronx . The Bronx is one of the five boroughs of New York City and currently has a reported 1.4 million residents . Chris Heywood , senior vice president of communications for NYC & Company , which calls itself the official guide to New York , said Thursday that Real Bronx Tours is completely outside the realm of anything they would ever promote . "  We condemn what they were promoting . " In an effort to highlight the vibrancy of the borough , Heywood said the company has launched a new global communications effort called Neighborhood x Neighborhood , which recently showcased the South Bronx . The program focused on many of the Bronx 's most famous attractions , including Yankee Stadium and the Grand Concourse . CNN 's Maria Santana and Katia Hetter contributed to this report .	Tour firm billed trip through the Bronx as "  a ride through a real New York City ` ghetto ' Bronx Borough President Ruben Diaz Jr. says the label misrepresents the area In response to a letter , Real Bronx Tours shut down , Diaz says
CNN  -- It 's the biggest milestone yet for the aircraft affectionately known as the "  Queen of the Skies . " The 1,500 th Boeing 747 has been delivered to German carrier Lufthansa -- a figure unsurpassed by any other wide-bodied plane . To celebrate , the plane was greeted with a ribbon-cutting ceremony and given a special logo in honor of its status . History of an icon The revolutionary jet is beloved not only for its mammoth size and recognizable shape , but for the way it 's influenced the aviation industry during a five-decade career . After debuting in 1969 at the Paris Air Show , it opened up air travel to millions of passengers previously unable to afford taking to the skies . Able to fly longer and carry twice as many passengers as its ancestor , the 707 , the plane 's arrival led to a drop in ticket prices and ushered in a new era of mass tourism . Tom Ballantyne , aviation journalist and chief correspondent at Orient Aviation magazine , said the 747 also heralded a new standard for in-flight comfort . "  And let 's not forget the freighter version also changed the air cargo scene , allowing air transport to move large items and freight in bulk it had not been able to handle previously , " he told CNN . The 747 's milestone comes as the aviation market is shifting away from jumbo jets . Many airlines now prefer to run medium-sized twin-engine planes -- such as the Boeing 777 or Airbus A330 -- on more frequent timetables than operate four-engine double-decker jets . The smaller planes seat fewer passengers but cover the same distances and need less fuel . Japanese carrier ANA made headlines earlier this year when it retired its last two 747s for economic reasons , despite the airline 's professed emotional ties to the aircraft . Biggest fan Lufthansa remains one of the few champions of the new Intercontinental , as its newest incarnation , the 747-8 , is known . Only four other airlines had taken orders of the 747-8 as of February 2014 , according to the New York Times . "  Lufthansa is honored that the 1,500 th 747 will fly with the Lufthansa livery , " the airline 's executive vice president , Nico Buchholz , said in a statement . The 1,500 th plane is the Frankfurt-based airline 's 14th 747-8 Intercontinental . Lufthansa has 19 more still on order .	German airline Lufthansa takes delivery of 1,500 th Boeing 747 -- a major landmark for large passenger jets 747 is credited with ushering in an era of mass tourism by making air travel more affordable The aircraft 's milestone comes at a time when aviation industry is moving away from large aircraft
CNN  -- As an NFL player , Chad Johnson patted a lot of men on the butt when he liked their work , but on Monday , defendant Chad Johnson found out that one Florida courtroom was not the place to play that game . After Johnson patted his lawyer on the rear , Judge Kathleen McHugh rejected Johnson 's plea to a probation violation in the domestic violence case involving Johnson and his then-wife , Evelyn Lozada . Johnson was arrested in May for not meeting with his probation officer and was in court Monday to enter a plea . After he was asked if he was pleased with his attorney , the former wide receiver once known as "  Chad Ochocinco " gave his lawyer , Adam Swickle , a gentle pat on the rear . McHugh was furious when people in the audience laughed . "  There 's nothing funny about what 's going on here today , " she told Johnson . Johnson , 35 , replied that he was n't laughing . Then McHugh said , "  I do n't think anything 's funny about it , Mr. Johnson . This is n't a joke . " Johnson said he did n't do it as a joke . Swickle agreed , saying : "  I do n't think it was done as any disrespect to the court . I do n't think he meant to get a reaction from the court room , judge . " The judge told Johnson she would n't accept a plea deal that involved only community service and more anger management counseling . Instead , she sentenced him to 30 days in jail and tacked three months onto his one-year probation , which would have ended in September . Johnson seemed resigned to his fate . "  Love me through the good and the bad because I 'm gone love you regardless ... See you in 30 ... " he tweeted later . Johnson -- a six-time all-star whose name Ochocinco was a Spanish wordplay on his number , 85 -- last played in the NFL in 2011 . He was released by the Miami Dolphins during the 2012 preseason after police said he headbutted Lozada , a reality TV star , during an argument at their home in Davie , Florida . Johnson and the "  Basketball Wives " star were divorced in September . He changed his name back to Chad Johnson after the two were married last July . In 2012 : Former NFL player Chad Johnson charged with domestic battery	Chad Johnson pats his lawyer on the rear while in Florida court Judge thought he was n't taking hearing on probation violation seriously Johnson , formerly known as "  Ochocinco , " was married to reality TV star Evelyn Lozada He was on probation for a domestic violence episode that led to their divorce
The Hollywood Reporter  Albert Maysles , who collaborated along with his late brother David in a documentary film career that included the troubling 1970 concert documentary "  Gim me Shelter , " has died . He was 88 . The director and cinematographer , an Oscar nominee , died Thursday at his home in Manhattan of natural causes , Stacey Farrar , marketing director at the Maysles Center in New York , confirmed to The Hollywood Reporter . "  Gim me Shelter " -- which chronicled the 1969 Rolling Stones tour that culminated in the Altamont Free Concert , in which a fan brandishing a gun was stabbed to death by a Hells Angels security man -- stood in a stark and more enduring counterpoint to the myth of the documentary "  Woodstock , " a depiction of the glorified 1969 free concert whose own dark side was left out in its pre-conceived , celebratory style . Their most well-known film , "  Grey Gardens "  1975  , was a profile of Jacqueline Onassis ' eccentric cousins -- mother and daughter Big Edie and Little Edie Bouvier -- who lived in a dilapidated , cat-packed estate in East Hampton , New York . The brothers worked with fellow directors Ellen Hovde and Muffie Meyer on the film , which was remade as a Tony-winning Broadway play and as an award-winning 2009 HBO drama that starred Drew Barrymore and Jessica Lange . Just prior to "  Gim me Shelter , " they filmed "  Salesman "  1969  , which covered six weeks in the lives of four door-to-door Bible salesmen . The brothers , who preferred the moniker of filmmaker rather than director , often focused on musical figures . Maysles was a cameraman on D.A. Pennebaker 's "  Monterey Pop "  1968  , about the celebrated California music festival that featured electrifying performances from the likes of Jimi Hendrix and Janis Joplin . TCM Classic Film Fest : Albert Maysles on Freeing Cameras , Capturing Truths  Video During that period of their career , they also collaborated on such direct cinemas as "  What 's Happening ! The Beatles in the U.S.A. "  1964  , "  With Love From Truman "  1966  and "  Meet Marlon Brando "  1966  , which premiered at the New York Film Festival . In 1968 , they made "  Vladimir Horowitz : The Last Romantic , " and the following year , they shot "  Horowitz Plays Mozart , " also for TV . "  People are people . We 're out to discover what is going on behind the scenes and get as close as we can to what is happening , " he said of their cinematic style . There were often emotional reactions to their films ; fans applauded them for the trust they developed with their subjects , allowing them to reveal long-repressed feelings or telling insights . Their style -- with their subjects caught by a hand-held camera and shotgun mike -- was in the tradition of such documentarians as Frederick Wiseman . However , cinema verite "  purists " argued that the Maysleses sometimes exploited the content , particularly in regard to the omniscient editing of "  Gim me Shelter , " where their flashback storytelling style created a dramatic foreboding and "  imposed " a narrative on the Stones ' tour . Flashbacking from Mick Jagger reviewing their footage , with Altamont 's horrific memory in the recent past , "  Gim me Shelter " punctuated a feeling of dread as the events moved inexorably to the tour 's cataclysmic end . Originally , the "  free concert " was planned to happen in San Francisco , but logistics went askew and it ended up at the Altamont Speedway in Northern California . Muddled by inadequate planning and the darkness at the fringes of the peace/love zeitgeist , the concert was a ghoulish nightmare . Admittedly , the Maysleses straddled a line between artistic license and nonfiction narrative . "  Al and Dave often argue that all they 're doing is filming what 's there . The detail is comment : fingers scratching , soft focusing . A filmmaker is always making comments , " cinematographer Haskell Wexler once opined in a Village Voice article . He and his brother , who died in January 1987 at age 55 , received an Oscar nomination for the 28-minute short "  Christo 's Valley Curtain "  1974  , about the artist 's first public work . That year , Albert shot film of the Muhammad Ali-George Foreman 1974 heavyweight title bout in Zaire that would become the 1996 Oscar-winning documentary "  When We Were Kings . " Maysles won three Emmys , two for his work with his brother on "  The Last Romantic " and "  Soldiers of Music "  1991  and one for "  Abortion : Desperate Choices "  1991  . In 2001 , he shot "  Lalee 's Kin : A Legacy of Cotton " for HBO , a depiction of rural poverty in the Mississippi Delta that he created with Susan Froemke and Deborah Dickson , with whom he also worked on "  Desperate Choices . " Maysles also filmed half-hour portraits of filmmakers including Martin Scorsese , Robert Duvall and Jane Campion , and he remained quite active in his later years . Hollywood 's Notable Deaths of 2015 He was born November 26 , 1926 , in Boston and raised in nearby Brookline , Massachusetts . He got a B.A. at Syracuse University and a masters at Boston University , where he subsequently taught . During World War II , he was stationed at the U.S. Army 's Headquarters Intelligence School in Oberammergau , Germany . In the mid-1950s , Maysles traveled to Russia , where he made a 1955 film on mental health care and psychiatry in Russia . It was shown on NBC 's "  Today " show and by the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. . In 1957 , the brothers began working as a team . They traveled from Munich to Moscow by motorcycle and made a film about the Polish student revolution , ` Youth in Poland , " which was televised by NBC . Next , they worked on an experimental TV project for Time Inc. , with Maysles shooting Primary and Yanqui No ! In 1962 , they formed their own company . They made "  Showman , " a portrait of movie magnate Joseph E. Levine that brought them attention . The film was acclaimed on the festival circuit , but the Maysles dubbed it an "  expensive resume . " They subsequently won a Guggenheim Fellowship in Experimental Film . People we 've lost in 2015 © 2015 The Hollywood Reporter . All rights reserved .	Albert Maysles was a pioneering documentarian Best-known films include "  Gim me Shelter , " about Rolling Stones Altamont concert The filmmaker also did "  Grey Gardens "
CNN  When Vladimir Putin reappears , he does it with style -- and an in-your-face attitude . The Russian President attended a large concert in Moscow 's Red Square on Wednesday to commemorate the first anniversary of his country 's annexation of the Ukrainian territory of Crimea , an act condemned by many in the international community as illegal . Only Putin does n't call it annexation . He calls it reunification . According to the presidential website , Putin attended the "  We 're Together ! " concert and meeting "  celebrating the first anniversary of Crimea and Sevastopol 's reunification with Russia . " The peninsula became part of the Soviet Union in 1917 , following the Russian Revolution . But in 1991 , following the breakup of the Soviet Union , it became part of a newly independent Ukraine . On March 16 , 2014 , Crimea held a referendum on whether to continue as part of Ukraine or to cast its lot with the Russian Federation . The result was overwhelming , at least among those voting : 95 % said they wanted to become part of Russia . A mere two days later , Russia annexed the territory . Putin said later that he had been planning the move even before the referendum was held . "  Friends ! " the President said in Red Square on Wednesday , according to his website , "  Exactly one year ago , Russia , which we are speaking of so much right now , and the Russian people showed amazing togetherness and patriotism in supporting the aspirations of the people of Crimea and Sevastopol to return to their native shores . " The issue , he said , was "  our history , our spirituality and our statehood , the things that make us a single people and single united nation . " Also participating , the website said , were "  popular Russian music groups and singers . " Putin was recently out of sight without explanation for 10 days , during which time various meetings were canceled . He reappeared only Monday . Lest anyone doubt he was still in charge , Putin , who prides himself on his fitness , has been displaying a different form of muscle this week -- the military kind . He mobilized Russia 's entire Northern Fleet in a military exercise that reportedly ranks among the largest since the breakup of the Soviet Union . NATO reported that , on Tuesday , Estonian radar detected an unspecified number of aircraft over the Baltic Sea . NATO sent jets to identify the planes and later reported that "  the Russian military aircraft " flew on into the airspace of the Russian exclave of Kaliningrad .	Putin attends concert in Red Square to celebrate anniversary of Crimean annexation NATO reports Russian military aircraft over the Baltic Sea
New York  CNN  -- One hour of recreation a day . Veal patties and noodles for dinner . New York 's well-known Rikers Island jail complex has been featured in films , television shows and documentaries , but life on the other side of the bars appears less than glamorous . A number of well-known or infamous inmates have been at least briefly incarcerated there , from the late Sex Pistols bassist Sid Vicious to , more recently , former NFL receiver Plaxico Burress and rapper Lil ' Wayne . However , many celebrities find the facilities in the Rikers Island complex a far cry from the surroundings they may be used to . International Monetary Fund head Dominique Strauss-Kahn is the latest well-known inmate at Rikers Island . He was transferred there on Monday after a Manhattan Criminal Court judge refused to grant him bail . Strauss-Kahn faces multiple charges stemming from an alleged sexual assault of a housekeeping employee at New York 's Sofitel hotel . Rikers Island , actually a complex of 10 different units located in the New York borough of Queens , dates to the 1930s , when the first facility -- the James A. Thomas Center , formerly known as the Rikers Island Penitentiary -- opened , according to the New York Department of Correction . Once a 90-acre site , Rikers Island was enlarged to more than 400 acres using sanitary landfill , according to the department 's website . It is an actual island , accessible only by a bridge from Queens , and its jails have a combined capacity of nearly 17,000 inmates . However , Strauss-Kahn is in protective custody , meaning he is kept away from the general population because of his status as a high-profile inmate , said a department spokesman who asked not to be named . He is in Rikers Island 's West Facility , part of which is used to house inmates with contagious diseases , but other parts are used for inmates in protective custody , the spokesman said . Strauss-Kahn is awakened at 6 a.m. each day in his 11-by-13-foot cell , the spokesman said . He will not have interaction or contact with other inmates , and "  his cell is the only one occupied on that side of the unit . " When he is taken out of his cell for his daily hour of recreation or taken to the visiting area to receive visitors , he will be accompanied by a corrections officer and a captain , the spokesman said . Inmates travel outside their cells one at a time , meaning he will have no opportunity to encounter other inmates . The spokesman said Monday that Strauss-Kahn will be allowed to leave his cell periodically and walk around his housing area corridor , where he can watch television -- but he still wo n't come into contact with anyone else . Tuesday 's menu for inmates included an apple , banana , cereal , toast , milk and coffee or tea for breakfast ; vegetable chili , rice , green beans , carrot and celery salad and wheat bread for lunch ; and veal patties , noodles , steamed cabbage , whole wheat bread , a piece of fruit and tea or a fruit drink for dinner . Inmates and others can deposit money into their commissary accounts , which can be used to purchase toiletries , snacks and haircuts , as well as buy daily phone calls , all of which are monitored and recorded , according to the department . Strauss-Kahn will be allowed three visits a week , not counting his attorney or outside doctor , if he has one , the spokesman said . CNN 's Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	Dominique Strauss-Kahn is in protective custody in Rikers Island The site actually has 10 different units Strauss-Kahn is in an 11-by-13-foot cell He must use his commissary account to buy phone calls and snacks
The United States has pitched in for the first time to clean up part of the toxic legacy left by the millions of gallons of the chemical compound codenamed Agent Orange that it dumped on Vietnam during the war there in the 1960s and '70s . The U.S. military used Agent Orange to kill trees and plants that blocked visibility from the air during the Vietnam War . But the chemical was contaminated with dioxin , which can cause cancer and birth defects . It harmed humans and left areas of Vietnam contaminated . In an effort to start addressing this noxious remnant of the war , the U.S. and Vietnamese governments , along with partnering organizations , are treating a contaminated zone at the airport of the central Vietnamese city of Danang . Workers will dig up soil , stockpile it , and treat it using high temperatures that break down the dioxin . "  We are both moving earth and taking the first steps to bury the legacies of our past , " David Shear , the U.S. ambassador to Vietnam , said Thursday at a ceremony opening the project at the airport . He described the effort as "  a historic milestone " for the relationship between the two countries . Led by the U.S. Agency for International Development and the Vietnamese Ministry of National Defense , the cleanup in Danang aims to reclaim an area of 29 hectares . It will cost an estimated $ 43 million , and is expected to finish in 2015 , according to the Vietnamese Embassy in Washington . U.S. officials had no immediate comment on the cost and timetable of the project . Agent Orange is "  one of the most toxic compounds known to humans , " according to the United Nations . The use of the chemical by the U.S. military in Southeast Asia between 1961 and 1971 devastated large swathes of the Vietnamese countryside and affected millions of people . As many as one million people in Vietnam have disabilities or other health problems associated with Agent Orange , the Vietnamese Red Cross has estimated , citing local studies . About 2.6 million U.S. military personnel are believed to have been exposed to the chemical , according to the Department of Veteran Affairs . Hundreds of thousands of Vietnam veterans are estimated to be alive and eligible for treatment for Agent Orange-related illnesses , the department says . It has compiled a list of health problems believed to be associated with exposure to Agent Orange , including cancer , Parkinson 's and a type of heart disease . The Vietnamese government has underscored the need to "  pursue efforts to overcome the aftermath of toxic substances left by the war " in other areas around the country , according to the Vietnamese Embassy in Washington . The U.S. government is planning to carry out an environmental assessment of another contaminated area -- in Bien Hoa , southern Vietnam -- in coordination with the Vietnamese government , the United Nations and others , Shear said Thursday . Searching for Agent Orange in South Korea	Areas of Vietnam remain contaminated by the herbicide Agent Orange The U.S. military used the toxic chemical during the Vietnam War It can cause cancer , birth defects and other health problems The U.S. government is working on a cleanup project in Vietnam for the first time
CNN  -- Four people died and two others were seriously injured in a boating accident on the Hudson River in eastern New York early Sunday , authorities said . "  The preliminary investigation has revealed that the boat , a 19-foot 1999 Chriscraft , was being operated northbound on the Hudson River approximately 10-15 yards off the eastern shore  near the Dutchess/Columbia County line  when it struck a concrete footing , " a statement from the Dutchess County Sheriff 's Office said . The deaths included three people who went down with the boat and a fourth who was ejected , according to the sheriff 's office . The two who survived were able to swim to shore . One of them was able to get to a phone to report the accident . The incident took place near the city of Red Hook , about 90 miles north of New York City . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	The accident takes place near Red Hook , New York The boat hits a concrete footing in the water
Senior executives and a team of medical staff from a Chinese hospital in the northwestern province of Shaanxi have been punished for taking group photos next to apparently unconscious patients after surgery , state media reported on Monday . A series of photos recently circulated on Sina Weibo , a Chinese microblogging site , shows Chinese doctors and nurses decked in scrubs , posing with reportedly unconscious patients on the operating table in the operating theater . A man makes a V-sign in one of the happy snaps , while other doctors are seen leaning over the patient mid-procedure . The Xi'an Bureau of Public Health has taken action for the photos taken in August this year , removing three top executives from administrative duties at the privately-run Fengcheng Hospital , reported Xinhua News Agency . The other staff pictured in the photos have been reprimanded and docked three months ' pay . The hospital issued a public statement and apology , explaining that the photos were taken to commemorate the last day that the operating theater was in use , before it closed down in favor of new facilities . "  Our staff members have neglected the possible negative consequences of their actions , we will undergo an in depth review of the incident , " the statement reads . The photos have triggered a backlash on China 's microblogging platforms . Bloggers have taken to social media to express their opinions using the hashtag "  surgery selfie " , with many condemning the doctors ' lack of professional ethics . "  They are not acting professionally at all . They are treating the patients ' suffering as a joke , how can they even take a selfie at a time like this ? " one Weibo user , Penny Zhutou , commented on a discussion thread . Others expressed sympathy for the doctors . "  Doctors are humans too . I do n't think there is anything wrong with them wanting to take a photo to celebrate after a long and successful surgery . We should look at this rationally , instead of being limited by those so-called restrictions , " another Weibo user , "  Diaolinghoucanque " commented .	Chinese doctors have been punished for taking pictures with unconscious patients They have come under fire on social media , sparking the hashtag "  surgery selfie " The local health bureau has reprimanded medical staff and imposed fines
CNN  Four black bears that died in the New Hampshire woods last year overdosed on chocolate bait , wildlife officials said this week . A necropsy by the University of New Hampshire showed the bears -- two adult females and two cubs -- died from too much theobromine , a chemical compound in cocoa that 's toxic to animals . The bears were found dead in September within 50 feet of where a hunter said he placed 90 pounds of chocolate and doughnuts as bait , officials said . Andrew Timmins , wildlife biologist for the New Hampshire Fish and Game Department , and his team presented their findings to the state 's fish and game commission on Wednesday . It 's an awful way to die , Timmins said . Too much theobromine in a bear 's system can cause severe illness , inducing vomiting , hypothermia , seizures , coma , respiratory and heart failure . Chocolate is popular among commercial bear hunting guides because it 's inexpensive and easy to get , Timmins said . But , given the recent deaths , the practice should end , he says . No recommendations have been finalized , but Timmins says the most effective way to prevent these deaths would be to remove chocolate from the woods . The New Hampshire Fish and Game Department does not have rules regarding what foods are best to use as baiting material , but Timmins says with the new toxicology report on the black bears deaths , the department may look into such regulations . The death of these four bears is the largest number of documented black bear deaths related to chocolate consumption that Timmins is aware of , he said in an interview with CNN . The only other known case was in Michigan in 2010 , when a black bear cub died after eating chocolate . "  Not all animals that eat chocolate will automatically die , but it is clearly evident that wild animals can consume enough chocolate to reach a lethal dose , " Timmins said . Although trapping bears is not allowed in New Hampshire , hunters are allowed to bait them . Hunters will attract bears to a location by using bait and then take a bear with a firearm or a bow , according to Timmins . The problem arises when hunters use the chocolate to lure these animals . "  We have no way to control how much chocolate a bear will consume at a bait site . " Similar to dogs , the lethalness of chocolate depends on the amount it ingests to reach toxic levels . Bear baiting is a hotly contested topic , but Timmins says it is an important tool to help maintain the bear population in New Hampshire , which has seen a rise in the past 20 years . "  We do n't want to allow a bear population where people start to lose appreciation for them and they are seen as pests . That is what happened with deer . We want bears to be seen in a positive light , " he said . Bear hunting season runs from September through mid-November and includes a four-week baiting season in September . Like deer or moose , bears are hunted for their meat . There are an estimated 5,700 black bears in New Hampshire , an optimal level for the state , officials said . Bear cub found dead in NYC 's Central Park	Four black bears were found dead in the New Hampshire woods after a chocolate overdose A hunter was said to have left about 100 pounds of chocolate out as bait Wildlife experts in New Hampshire are looking at possible ban with such bait
CNN  -- More than half a century of hostility between the United States and Cuba has done nothing to diminish the island 's love of America 's national pastime . So it came as no surprise Wednesday when Major League Baseball tweeted that it was "  closely monitoring " President Barack Obama 's historic plans to normalize diplomatic relations with Cuba and ease economic restrictions on the nation . "  While there are not sufficient details to make a realistic evaluation , we will continue to track this significant issue , and we will keep our Clubs informed if this different direction may impact the manner in which they conduct business on issues related to Cuba , " MLB said in the statement . But observers say do n't expect an immediate influx of Cuban talent in the big leagues . Not yet , at least . When the 2014 season opened , 19 players born in Cuba were listed on MLB rosters . The island nation was third after the Dominican Republic with 83 players born there and Venezuela with 59 . For Cuba , the 19 players was a record high and surpassed the record set in 2013 with 15 players . "  Year after year , an ideological and economic barrier hardened between our two countries , " Obama told the nation . "  Meanwhile , the Cuban exile community in the United States made enormous contributions to our country , in politics , in business , culture and sports . " Take recent arrival Jose Abreu , the 27-year-old Cienfuegos-born first baseman for the Chicago White Sox . Abreu was voted the American League Rookie of the Year this season , batting .317 with 36 home runs , 107 RBI and .581 slugging percentage . And there 's Yoenis Cespedes , 29 , the shotgun-armed leftfielder with the Detroit Tigers , who batted .260 with 22 homers and 100 RBI ; Los Angeles Dodgers rightfielder Yasiel Puig , 24 , who hit .296 with 16 home runs and 69 RBI ; and Cincinnati Reds closer Aroldis Chapman , 26 , who posted 36 saves with 106 strikeouts , a 2.00 ERA and brushed back batters with 100-mph fastballs . "  This could absolutely have an impact on the game , " Doug Eldridge , managing partner and sports agent at the DLE Agency , said of the change in Cuba policy . "  There is such a strong Hispanic presence in the MLB and some of the biggest stars in today 's game are Cuban . " Bells ring in Havana , anger erupts in Miami For decades , Cuban players who dreamed of playing in MLB had to defect from the island . Some left their squads while traveling abroad with a national team , but others risked their lives by depending on smugglers to get them out . Many settled in third countries to avoid the MLB amateur draft and make the most money as free agents . Puig 's harrowing escape -- which included hiking through crocodile-infested waters and being held captive by a Mexican trafficking ring that threatened to cut off his arm -- was chronicled by ESPN the Magazine and Los Angeles magazine . A significant shift in U.S. policy could eliminate such perils . "  To say it 's a dangerous and shady process is probably an understatement , " Eldrige said . "  This could be a more diplomatic approach to becoming a free agent in MLB . " But it 's unlikely that Cuba will allow MLB teams to do what the league has long done in the Dominican Republic , where team-sponsored baseball academies recruit and groom prospects from an early age . For a long time , Cuba has considered players who defected traitors . The government is very proud and protective of the homegrown talent it identifies at an early age in state-run baseball academies . Some observers believe Cuba is more likely to adopt a system similar to Japan , where MLB teams pay the player 's team for the right to negotiate and sign him . In this case , the player 's team would be the Cuban government . That way , the island keeps control of players and pumps a portion of their contracts into Cuba 's faltering economy . 9 questions you were embarrassed to ask about the Cuban embargo Cuba recently started to allow baseball stars to sign with Japanese baseball teams . The government has been in talks with Mexican teams about similar arrangements . The players ' contracts and salaries are tightly controlled by the Cuban state . "  The athletes that are able to leave the country now are finished products , " said Robert Boland , a professor of sports management at New York University . "  They create bidding wars among the teams . If players were free to move and play , we will probably see more ... coming into the market . " Ben Badler , a writer for Baseball America , tweeted : "  Cuba 's already leasing players to Japan , tried with Mexico . Small change compared to what they would making selling stars to MLB teams . " But arrangements such as those with Japan are unlikely as long as the decades-old U.S. economic embargo against Cuba remains in place . Ted Henken , a Cuba expert at New York 's Baruch College , said the apparent thawing of relations increases the prospects for Cuban talent in the big leagues , "  but a lot more must change both in Cuba and the U.S. for that to happen . " CNN 's Kathryn Vasel contributed to this report .	MLB is "  closely monitoring " Washington 's plans to normalize diplomatic relations with Havana But do n't expect an immediate influx of Cuban talent in the big leagues When 2014 season opened , 19 players who were born in Cuba were on rosters
CNN  -- Election Day will be consequential , perhaps a nail biter . Senate control may turn on a fistful of ballots in key states . Millions of Americans will be reminded again of their ramshackle election system . Lines are long , registration lists are error-filled , machines break down , and puzzled poll workers offer little help . This year , private citizens seeking to stop "  voter fraud " could worsen the mess . Such unofficial and perhaps overheated activism may prove a far worse problem than phony voting itself . Nobody condones voter fraud . Every citizen has a right to know that ballots are legitimately cast and fairly counted . But illegal voting simply is not a widespread problem . An epidemic of voter fraud is an urban myth , like alligators living in the sewer . Fear of imaginary fraud must not be an excuse to block actual voting by real people . A recent example of the confusion sown by politically overheated allegations of fraud can be found in the much-ballyhooed charges by John McCain of voter fraud in 2008 , all of which proved to be false . Some canvassers were arrested for submitting fake registrations , a practice made worse by state laws requiring private groups to submit all registration applications , even the ones they know might be wrongly filled out . But phony voters never showed up to vote . One reason : First-time voters must always show ID . If Mickey Mouse registers to vote , he still must show ID .  Even in Orlando , where they know him ! Of course , from our democracy 's earliest days , politicians zestfully have stuffed ballot boxes . Boss Tweed bragged : "  So long as I count the votes , what are you going to do about it ? " Robert Caro , in his masterful biography , recounted how Lyndon Baines Johnson won his Senate seat in 1948 when officials "  found " a lost box of votes , in which every single voter supported Johnson -- conveniently in alphabetical order . Even JFK joked about how Mayor Daley had stolen votes on his behalf . When misconduct occurred , it was overwhelmingly by politicians , rarely by rogue individual voters . And it is largely a thing of the past . Far more worrisome is another ominous strain in American history : ugly efforts to block legitimate voters , often targeting racial minorities . Evidence abounds . Future Chief Justice William Rehnquist got his start in politics striding up to Hispanic voters and demanding they prove their eligibility . In 2004 , partisans planned to challenge voters in Ohio . A federal judge who blocked the move found that less than one in five voters in majority white precincts would have had their eligibility questioned , while nearly every voter in African-American majority locations would be challenged . All of which brings us to today . In 2010 , there is no evidence of widespread voter fraud -- none . That 's not because nobody was looking . The Bush administration made vote fraud a top Justice Department priority . Yet from 2002 to 2005 , federal prosecutors convicted just 17 people nationwide for casting fraudulent ballots . Recall that it was the failure of prosecutors to move against nonexistent fraud that led to the political purge of U.S. attorneys in 2006 , a scandal that prompted the resignation of Attorney General Alberto Gonzales . Yes , many registration lists contain mistakes or wrong names . But that is a product of slipshod and inaccurate paper records , not because crooks wrongly sought to vote . Statistically , an individual is more likely to be hit by lightning than to vote fraudulently . Yet fear of fraud continues to grip many activists . According to a 2009 poll by Public Policy Polling , an astonishing 52 percent of Republicans believed the now-defunct group ACORN stole the presidential election for Barack Obama in 2008 , even though there 's no evidence that such a theft occurred . During its voter registration campaign that year , ACORN said it signed up 1.3 million voters , a small percentage of which were fraudulent -- an amount that independent analysts said had negligible effect . Hardly a stolen election . On Election Day , some conservatives may fan out to polling places , demanding proof of eligibility and generally raising a ruckus . The Michigan GOP website describes a plan to post 3,600 challengers at Democratic-leaning polling places . The Illinois Republican candidate for Senate brags he will mount the largest "  voter integrity program " in 15 years . More troubling are new efforts by angry private citizens . Tea Party groups have hosted challenger training sessions in at least four states . Talk show hosts are urging vigilance . People can now report voters they deem suspicious with two new iPhone apps . "  Ballot security " squads manned by angry , under-trained activists at a polling place could easily spawn intimidation or chaos . How can we make sure this does n't happen ? Tea Party members and others must take care that monitoring does not cross the line into intimidation . Law enforcement should make clear what is illegal , including strong presence by local police when appropriate . And in the longer run , conservatives and liberals alike should agree on reforms to voter registration so that all eligible citizens are on the rolls permanently , minimizing any possibility of fraud while maximizing participation . Many states are moving in this direction already . When it comes to voting , let 's all agree : vigilance , yes ; vigilantism , never . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Michael Waldman	Michael Waldman says recent charges of widespread voter fraud turn out to be urban myth He says ballot box-stuffing in U.S. is history ; new , real worry is blocking legitimate voters He says evidence of challenging voters at polls , often minorities , abounds in recent years Waldman : Voting activists must prevent intimidation for political advantage at polls
AOL Autos  -- Regular readers of AOL Autos know that we have done a series of stories on the development and increasing popularity of cars that run -- or will eventually run -- on alternative fuels . The mandatory use of CNG in public service vehicles began in New Delhi , India in 2000 . We 've written about hybrids , clean-diesel engines , fuel-cell technology , ethanol and more . That brings us to another entry in the auto industry 's ongoing research and development of green-technology : compressed natural gas  CNG  . Scientists are trying to determine which alternative fuel will best strike a balance between being environmentally friendly and commercial viability . CNG might be the answer . Vehicles running on CNG have actually been around since the early 1990s , but have not been a dominant force in the marketplace mostly because the infrastructure  i.e. re-fueling stations  is not yet in place to support high-volume sales of CNG-powered cars . Presently , there are only about 1,600 CNG refueling stations in the U.S , compared with up to 200,000 gas stations . Currently there is only one CNG-powered model sold on the consumer market that is actually manufactured as a CNG-powered car . That 's the Honda Civic GX , which boasts an EPA-estimated fuel economy of 24/36 miles per gasoline-gallon equivalent . AOL Autos : Best hybrids Rich Kolodziej , president of Natural Gas Vehicles for America said there are other natural-gas-powered vehicles on the road -- about 130,000 , he estimates -- but that the vast majority of those are part of commercial or transit fleets or have been converted from gasoline-powered cars . "  They 're mostly fleet vehicles , like transit buses , delivery trucks , and the fleets maintained by the gas company , the electric company , etc , " he said . "  We do n't have hard figures about conversions , but I 'd bet that about 25 percent of those 130,000 were once gasoline-powered vehicles that have been converted to CNG vehicles , " Kolodziej said . "  There are a growing number of companies making certified conversion systems and installing them . " NGVAmerica maintains a list of certified conversion systems on its Web site : www.ngvc.org . AOL Autos : Fuel-efficient used cars Some of those 130,000 are also natural-gas-powered vehicles manufactured and sold by Ford , Chrysler and GM back in the early '90s , he says -- back when the U.S. manufacturers were still in the business of making CNG-powered cars . But we 'll get back to that later . But with the price of gasoline currently averaging over $ 4 a gallon nationally , Kolodziej predicts there will be more and more demand for CNG-powered vehicles like the Civic GX . "  I went to a conference a couple of months ago , and every manufacturer we talked to said that their phones were ringing off the hook , from people who are saying they 'd be interested in buying a CNG-powered car , " Kolodziej said . "  And there are more and more people and companies who want to get into the conversion business . " AOL Autos : Hybrid SUVs The cost of conversions varies by the type of vehicle , Kolodziej noted . "  But most cost in the $ 10,000 range . Most conversion systems are certified for Ford and GM models , among others , " he said . On the financial side , natural gas is about 30 percent less expensive than gasoline when it is purchased at a refueling station . It 's about 50 percent less expensive when you fill ` er up at home , via home refueling appliance that tap into your natural gas line , Kolodziej said . Owners of the Honda Civic GX in New York and California who have natural gas piped into their homes can purchase the "  Phill " re-fueling system for about $ 3,500 . This Phill system can be used whether your CNG vehicle was manufactured that way or converted , he said . AOL Autos : Luxury cars with best gas mileage "  The Phill is about the size of a pay phone , and you hang it on the garage wall , and vent it like a dryer and plug it into a gas line and also into an electric socket , " Kolodziej explained . The primary environmental benefit of a CNG car is that it produces 90 percent fewer smog-forming pollutants  oxides of nitrogen  , compared to the output of a conventional gas engine , said Steve Ellis , manager of alternative fuels for American Honda Motor Co. . The Civic GX has reaped many environmental awards . This year , it was named by the American Council for an Energy-Efficient Economy  ACEEE  as the "  greenest vehicle in the nation -- for the fifth consecutive year . " The GX , which was first introduced in 1998 , has the cleanest internal combustion certified by the EPA , Ellis noted . AOL Autos : Most-popular fuel-efficient cars The Civic GX is not a high-volume vehicle in terms of sales . Ellis said annual sales have fluctuated between 500 to 1000 units a year since it was rolled out , with sales of 1,100 units last year . He expects that to go up in 2008 . For comparison purposes , about 40,000 Honda Civic Hybrids were sold last year , with sales of 48,000 anticipated for this year . Most of the sales of the Civic GX are concentrated in southern California , followed by Phoenix and Salt Lake City -- primarily because those markets are where many of the 1,600 re-fueling stations are presently located . "  As the infrastructure builds up , we 'll sell more of them in other markets , " Ellis predicted . "  Right now , this is a car that people use regionally . If you live here in Los Angeles , you can drive to Las Vegas and back and not worry about being able to find a refueling station . As for cost , the GX natural-gas vehicle is priced at about $ 24,500 , compared to $ 17,000 for a comparably-equipped Civic LX , Ellis said -- except that buyers get a $ 4,000 tax credit on the purchase of the GX . And until recently , California buyers got an additional $ 3,000 rebate from the California Air Resources Board . "  But the program was so popular , they are out of funds , and looking to add more money to the coffer so they can continue with the rebates , " Ellis said . "  But people who buy a Civic GX , when we ask them about the math , in term of comparing those two Civics , they sort of give us blank stares , " Ellis continued . "  Most of these folks who are buying the GX are trying to get out of having to commute to work every day in a pick-up truck , SUV or even a passenger car that 's only getting 15 or 20 miles a gallon . And they 're also the same kind of people who 've said they 'd pay $ 25 or $ 50 a week to be able to drive in the car-pool lane . " Interestingly , many of the automakers , like Volkswagen , Mercedes , Fiat , GM Opel , Ford Europe , Peugeot and Renault , do produce CNG-powered vehicles for other countries , said NGVAmerica 's Kolodziej , who noted that "  about 1.5 million of the natural gas vehicles have been sold in Brazil , another 1.5 million in Argentina , another 1.5 million in Pakistan , and so on . " And , once upon a time , in the early '90s , U.S. automakers did sell CNG vehicles in the United States . "  But the federal government kept adding more loopholes to the energy policy that was supposed to encourage the increased manufacture and sales of CNG vehicles , " Kolodziej said . "  Then the government opted not to expand the coverage of the program the way the law allowed -- or the way the automakers expected . Without that demand pull , the U.S. automakers did n't believe they could sell enough of them here . " "  U.S. automakers zigged when they probably should have zagged " added Ellis of American Honda . "  They turned their backs on CNG and began to focus on bio-fuels . " But , noted Ellis , "  We 're definitely keeping our stake in the CNG business , because we know we can add it to other platforms . We used to think of the Civic GX as ` The Little Engine That Could ' -- you know , saying , ' I think I can , I think I can ' in terms of becoming more commercially viable . "  But , with gas prices going up and up , now we 're thinking more along the lines of ' I know I can , I know I can . ' And more and more people are genuinely interested in going more green because of the environmental impact , " he said . "  A lot of people got into the hybrids , and then , after a while , began to ask , ` How can I do more ? ' And they 're looking to natural-gas-powered cars as the answer to that . "  So , we 're in this for the long haul , " noted Ellis , who said the company is definitely looking to do bigger business and make a profit from the GX . "  Now , it 's just a matter of society continuing to change , and to continue to become more environmentally-minded . As they do , we think there will be increasing interest in CNG , and we 'll see a shift in emphasis toward CNG and away from bio-fuels . "	Scientists trying to determine which alternative fuel is best for future Some say compressed natural gas could be the answer Only only one CNG-powered model sold on the consumer market today About 1,600 CNG refueling stations in U.S , compared to 200,000 gas stations
Washington  CNN  -- Setting national standards for U.S. students has been tried in the past without success -- but a new state-led effort is gaining momentum , according to an official of an educational think tank that compiled a nationwide study comparing standards . The new benchmarks -- called Common Core Standards -- are a move initiated at the state level to come up with a set of standards that will be used by all states to create cross-border consistency in what students will be expected to know . In June , the Common Core recommendations were released to the public by the National Governors Association and state education heads . So far 26 states have signed on to the national Common Core Standards while several have opted not to use the standards . Each state currently evaluates its elementary and secondary students according to its own state benchmarks , which vary greatly across state lines . "  You look at these standards and most Americans would say , ` Sure , this is what we want our students to know , ' " says Fordham Institute Vice President Mike Petrilli . Since the Common Core Standards are part of a state-led effort , Petrilli says they have avoided the debate about the federal government pushing standards on the rest of the country . Also , the writers of the recommendations have done "  a pretty good job of putting together good standards , " according to Petrilli . Read the Common Core Standards The Washington-based Fordham Institute on Wednesday released results of its study comparing the standards-of-learning of all 50 states and the District of Columbia with the Common Core Standards that have been proposed for the whole country . Additionally , the study graded the Common Core Standards themselves . The Common Core Standards overall get a B + in English language arts and an A - in mathematics , according to the institute . On the more local level , California , the District of Columbia and Indiana received the highest marks in English language arts with more stringent standards than the national recommendations , according to the institute 's study , while 37 states fell below the recommended Common Core standards . In mathematics , there were no states that had standards that were clearly better than the Common Core Standards , but California , the District of Columbia , Florida , Indiana and Washington were close to the mark . The report found that , overall , the Common Core Standards scored well in clarity and content . It will take several years for plans to be put in place for the states to actually start testing students under national guidelines . The Massachusetts State Board of Elementary and Secondary Education signed onto the Common Core Standards on Wednesday . The high-profile vote was made after three hours of public comment that included a gubernatorial candidate who spoke against the adoption and two former commissioners of education that spoke for the change . In the education community , Massachusetts is considered to have high state benchmarks already , so there was a question as to whether or not they should alter their current criteria . Republican gubernatorial candidate Charlie Baker said that "  tinkering with this proven track record makes no sense . " But State Education Secretary Paul Reville said , "  All along , the conversation about Common Core has been about the Commonwealth seizing the opportunity to improve upon our already high standards . "	A state-led effort has created proposed national standards for U.S. students So far , 26 states have signed on the national Common Core Standards An educational think tank compiled a study comparing standards
JERUSALEM  CNN  -- A fugitive American white supremacist was arrested Monday in Israel , ending an international manhunt that began in 2007 , Israeli and U.S. officials said . Micky Louis Mayon , pictured in a 2007 mug shot , entered Israel in 2008 , authorities say . Micky Louis Mayon , one of the 100 most wanted people in the United States , was taken into custody in southern Tel Aviv after Israel received information from Interpol indicating he was there . The Ku Klux Klan member was located during a secret operation by Israeli immigration authorities , said Sabin Hadad , a spokeswoman for the country 's Interior Ministry . He arrived in Israel in January 2008 on a one-month tourist visa , frequently changed apartments , and earned money by working part time at several restaurants , the ministry said . Mayon , 32 , is being held at Israel 's Maasiyahu prison and is in the process of being deported , Hadad said . "  The search for Mayon came to a successful conclusion ... with the actions in Israel , " Michael Regan , a U.S. marshal in Harrisburg , Pennsylvania , said Monday . "  Locating and identifying Mayon in a foreign country sends a strong message that you can run , but you can not hide . " Two U.S. marshals are being sent to Israel to escort him back to the United States . Mayon was featured on the television program "  America 's Most Wanted . " He is a convicted felon and is accused of setting a judge 's car on fire in Pennsylvania , the show 's Web site said .	Israeli authorities apprehend fugitive American white supremacist Micky Louis Mayon was one of the 100 most wanted people in the United States Ku Klux Klan member accused of burning judge 's car in Pennsylvania
Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel traveled to Afghanistan this weekend , his fourth and last trip to the country as he makes way for his likely replacement , Defense Secretary nominee Ashton Carter . CNN traveled with Hagel to tactical base Gamberi in Eastern Afghanistan , where the outgoing defense secretary met with troops . Hagel is the first enlisted combat veteran to serve as defense secretary . Asked by CNN whether it will be a loss for the Pentagon to have a defense secretary without combat experience , Hagel said he will not judge . "  That 's not for me to decide , " Hagel said . "  Everybody brings to their positions their own set of experiences and their own strengths . " Hagel : More U.S. troops than planned will remain in Afghanistan next year At the end of December , U.S. forces will end their combat role in Afghanistan and instead focus on counterterrorism missions and training , advising and assisting Afghan troops . The U.S. made a similar investment in Iraq , training Iraqi security forces that later collapsed as the terror group ISIS advanced in the country . Hagel does not see Afghanistan 's security force buckling like in Iraq , citing Afghanistan 's willingness to sign an agreement allowing a residual American troop presence in the country . "  They want us here . They want us to help them assist , advise , train , " Hagel said . "  How we left Iraq was totally different . The Iraqi government did not want us there . The Iraqi people did not want us there . " Nearly 11,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in the beginning of 2015 . American forces will drop to 5,500 in 2016 and by 2017 the coalition will consolidate to Kabul . Still , while the U.S. draws down in Afghanistan the danger for forces remaining in the country does not . US troops will engage in combat if threatened and will provide air support for Afghan units if needed . "  Bottom line is we 've got to realize this is still a war zone , this is still a war , " Hagel said . Hagel 's visit comes as the capital city has seen a recent spike in violence . But Taliban attacks are down in 2014 when compared to the previous year . Hagel said he has confidence in the Afghan security forces ability to protect Afghanistan from terror by the hands of al Qaeda and the Taliban . " -LSB- There are -RSB- still challenges ahead , but I think every sign is that they can do this , " Hagel said .	Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel made his fourth and final trip to Afghanistan this weekend Hagel said unlike in Iraq , Afghanistan officials want a continued US troop presence Nearly 11,000 U.S. troops will remain in Afghanistan in the beginning of 2015
CNN  -- "  Morgan Spurlock Inside Man " - guns - Here 's more information on the Brady Act , and how it established the National Instant Criminal Background Check System in 1993 : "  NICS  was established for Federal Firearms Licensees  FFLs  to contact by telephone , or other electronic means , for information to be supplied immediately on whether the transfer of a firearm would be in violation of Section 922  g  or  n  of Title 18 , United States Code , or state law ... "  The NICS is a national system that checks available records on persons who may be disqualified from receiving firearms . The FBI developed the system through a cooperative effort with the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives  ATF  and local and state law enforcement agencies . The NICS is a computerized background check system designed to respond within 30 seconds on most background check inquiries so the FFLs receive an almost immediate response . " - Here 's the Firearms Owners ' Protection Act  FOPA  legislation from 1986 . Attached to that bill was an amendment that would ban civilian ownership of fully automatic weapons . Writes NPR : "  Just as the bill was about to come to a final vote in that tumultuous House session , New Jersey Democrat William Hughes introduced an amendment . It would forbid the sale to civilians of all machine guns made after the law took effect . There were enough Democrats to pass the amendment , so nobody objected when the presiding officer , New York Democrat Charles Rangel , called for a voice vote rather than a roll call vote on the machine gun ban . " - In the short term after the shooting in Newtown , and in the long term , America has seen a rise in gun sales . Here 's how "  The Atlantic " described it basing the data on background checks : "  Since the school shooting massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary , America has gone on an unprecedented gun-buying binge , the numbers of which are staggering . " Here are some of the ways gun laws have changed post-Newtown - some states have tightened gun laws , while others have loosened them . - Here 's the CNN.com story after the Senate voted to reject the expanded gun background checks bill . Watch more of Obama 's speech after the failed gun measure in the Senate by clicking here . "  Morgan Spurlock Inside Man " - medical marijuana - One of the main co-stars of this episode is Steve DeAngelo , who runs the Harborside Health Center . Here 's some information about Steve , from his website : "  Steve DeAngelo has almost four decades of activism and advocacy in the cannabis reform movement . ... Most of Steve 's career has been spent at the intersection of advocacy and entrepreneurship , with a focus on creating profitable ventures that simultaneously advance his social goals . In addition to Harborside , these ventures include Ecolution , SteepHill Laboratory and The ArcView Group . " A couple notes from Harborside 's mission statement : "  Protect medical cannabis patients by providing a safe and affordable alternative to the dangerous circumstances of the illegal drug market . "  Honor the trust provided by our fellow citizens by faithfully and rigorously observing and enforcing the laws of the progressive , visionary city of Oakland , and the great state of California . " Find out more about the Harborside Health Center here  and here 's their Twitter account  . - Here are some details about the Matt Davies case , from a website made to support his cause : "  Matt 's small business was permitted and complied with state laws and regulations . Through Matt 's work providing qualified patients safe access to medical marijuana , the cities of Stockton and Sacramento , the State of California , and the federal government received more than $ 300,000 in taxes , and more than 60 Californians got good jobs . " But as of May 2013 , Davies took a plea deal , and will serve a minimum of five years . As for the Ogden Memo of 2009 : "  The Justice Department has provided federal prosecutors ` clarification and guidance ' urging them to go after drug traffickers , but not patients and caregivers , in the 14 states that have medical marijuana laws . " - From Melinda Haag 's bio : "  She was appointed by President Barack Obama and confirmed by the United States Senate in August 2010 ... "  Ms. Haag is an experienced trial lawyer with 23 years of prosecutorial and private sector experience . She has personally handled cases in the areas of securities fraud , mail and wire fraud , bank fraud , antitrust , Foreign Corrupt Practices Act , environmental , civil rights , defense contractor fraud , health care fraud , and money laundering . Ms. Haag 's trial experience includes more than 19 jury and bench trials , including a number of complex white collar and civil rights cases . " - The Harborside ruling in December 2012 meant "  their landlord can not evict the business on the grounds that it violates federal law . " However a setback came a couple of months later , when "  a federal judge rejected a lawsuit the city had filed on behalf of the popular dispensary . " It has stayed open while it continues to challenge the ruling .	Here are details about people Morgan Spurlock encountered while shooting "  Inside Man " In this episode , he works at a gun store in Virginia He learns about background check legislation
New Orleans , Louisiana  CNN  -- A ship billed as the world 's largest skimming vessel has begun testing its effectiveness in the Gulf of Mexico , a spokesman for its owner , Taiwanese company TMT Shipping , said Saturday . The A Whale has been assigned a 5-mile-by-5-mile area to test its capability , spokesman Bob Grantham said , citing Coast Guard Rear Adm. Paul Zukunft . Testing is expected to continue Saturday and Sunday , with initial results probably available Monday , Grantham said . The skimmer works by "  taking in oily water through a series of vents , or jaws , on the side of the ship and then decanting the intake , " Grantham said . "  In many ways , the ship collects water like an actual whale and pumps internally like a human heart . " The testing area is just north of the underwater oil gusher , the statement said . The A Whale arrived in the Gulf on Wednesday and has been awaiting approval to join in cleanup efforts . The vessel is estimated to be able to skim 21 million gallons of oil a day , at least 250 times the amount that modified fishing vessels currently conducting skimming operations have been able to contain , according to TMT . Built this year , the vessel was meant to carry crude oil and iron ore . But after hearing about the oil disaster in the Gulf , TMT modified it to become the world 's first large-scale skimmer , spokesman Frank Maisano said this week . Researchers have estimated that between 35,000 and 60,000 barrels  1.5 million to 2.5 million gallons  of oil have been gushing into the Gulf daily since April 20 , when the Deepwater Horizon oil rig exploded and sank off the coast of Louisiana . Also Saturday , response workers recovered boom suspected to have been vandalized in the marshes of Terrebonne Parish , Louisiana , the Deepwater Horizon Joint Information Center said . It released several Coast Guard photographs of the boom , which appeared to have been cut open . "  Boom vandalism and mishaps involving small craft moving or cutting boom with propellers impedes oil recovery efforts , endangers workers who must return to recover and replace the boom and slows efforts to conduct booming operations elsewhere , " a statement from the center said . In an effort to reduce boom damage , the Coast Guard has instituted a safety zone around boom sites and established a hotline to report damage . Meanwhile , Environmental Protection Agency scientists were set to meet with the agency 's chief Saturday to discuss the chemicals BP is using to break up the oil slick . Agency Administrator Lisa P. Jackson 's briefing on dispersants in Gulf Breeze , Florida , comes two days after the agency released results from its first round of toxicity testing on eight of the dispersants used in the Gulf . The EPA study showed that the chemicals , when not mixed with oil , did not significantly disrupt the endocrine systems of marine life . But the agency has said it plans to conduct more tests of the toxicity of the dispersant when mixed with crude . Dispersants have been a key part of BP 's cleanup strategy . Since the beginning of the disaster , more than 1.6 million gallons of the dispersant Corexit 9500 alone have been injected into the Gulf . Critics say the chemicals could harm marine life . But the Coast Guard has said that dispersant use is "  evaluated daily " and that it 's using the "  safest and most effective methods available " to protect the sea environment . A CNN analysis of daily dispersant reports provided by the Deepwater Horizon Unified Command showed that the chemical dispersants keep flowing into the Gulf of Mexico at virtually unchanged levels despite the EPA 's May 26 order to BP to "  significantly " scale back . Before that date , BP used 25,689 gallons a day of Corexit . Since then , CNN 's analysis showed , the daily average of dispersant use has dropped to 23,250 gallons a day , a 9 percent decline . Over the past few days , bad weather has significantly hampered BP 's oil cleanup and collection efforts . Hurricane Alex made landfall in northeastern Mexico late Wednesday , but its impact was still felt in the Gulf days later . On Friday , more oil than what would fill an Olympic-sized swimming pool slipped by the cap on BP 's ruptured undersea well because of the bad weather , Zukunft said . The cap on the well in the Gulf of Mexico , bouncing in the rough conditions , captured 20,000 fewer barrels  840,000 gallons  of oil than anticipated , Zukunft said . The rough seas also prevented skimming or burning for the past two days , displaced boom and made it unsafe to fly , he said . BP spokesman Mark Proegler noted that forecasters expect rough seas to calm a bit this weekend . Crews are standing by to resume skimming operations and survey inland waterways that may have been affected because of a storm surge . Shoreline cleanup operations continue with limited weather interruption . For the 12-hour period from midnight until noon Friday , approximately 8,665 barrels of oil were collected and about 4,155 barrels of oil and 28.6 million cubic feet of natural gas were flared , BP said . Thursday 's total oil recovered was approximately 25,150 barrels . Newly retired Coast Guard Adm. Thad Allen announced Friday that since June , the skimming capability in the Gulf has increased more than fivefold , from approximately 100 large skimmers to 550 skimming vessels of various sizes working to collect oil in all parts of the region as . To date , 28.2 million gallons of an oil-water mix have been skimmed from the Gulf 's surface . CNN 's Ed Lavandera contributed to this report .	A Whale assigned 5-mile-by-5-mile area for testing Testing to continue Saturday and Sunday ; initial results likely Monday EPA plans to test impact of chemical-oil mix on marine life Containment cap bounced Friday , allowing 20,000 barrels to get by
CNN  -- The FBI has questioned people connected to Chris Christie 's former campaign manager as part of a federal probe of a traffic scandal that has upended the New Jersey governor 's administration , court papers show . Bill Stepien , in arguing why he can not comply with a subpoena issued by a state legislative committee also investigating the scandal , said federal agents have visited his home and questioned people who know him , according to court papers . "  In recent weeks , federal criminal investigators have made their interest in him plain , traveling to his home and importuning his landlord and presumably others to provide information about his conduct and character , " Stepien 's lawyer , Kevin Marino , said . Specifically , the court documents claimed that an agent called Stepien on his cell phone in January and most recently questioned his landlord . The FBI asked "  if he was married , was a rowdy tenant , did he pay his rent on time , " according to the papers . The FBI has been investigating Bridget Anne Kelly as well , said her attorney , Michael Critchley . Kelly is another Christie appointee fighting a legislative subpoena . Agents visited her house and spoke with her parents ; they also visited her father 's job last month , Critchley said . The U.S. attorney 's office in New Jersey contacted Critchley to see whether Kelly would be interested in talking , and he told them she was not , he said . These visits are the first indications that investigators have been looking to question those with close ties to Christie . Stepien managed both Christie gubernatorial campaigns , but Christie asked him to leave his political organization in January after his name surfaced in e-mails around the scandal involving abrupt traffic lane closures near the George Washington Bridge in Fort Lee last September . Kelly was Christie 's deputy chief of staff for legislative and intergovernmental affairs , and her name surfaced in those e-mails as well . Christie fired her after the e-mails became public . Both federal and legislative investigators are probing suggestions that top Christie appointees orchestrated the lane closures as part of a political scheme to punish the mayor of Fort Lee for not endorsing Christie for re-election . Stepien has not been accused of any wrongdoing , and Christie denies knowing about the traffic gridlock until after it happened . Christie , a Republican viewed as a possible presidential candidate in 2016 , also has said repeatedly he knew nothing about any related political mischief by people working on behalf of the state . Critchley said he plans to file court papers on Thursday . The U.S. attorney 's office in Newark had no comment on the Stepien matter .	Two advisers to New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie have been contacted by the FBI Agents questioned ex-campaign manager Bill Stepien 's landlord , court papers say FBI has spoken with the parents of Bridget Anne Kelly , formerly in Christie 's administration The FBI is investigating the lane closures on the George Washington Bridge
CNN  -- Customs officials in Australia have cried fowl after searching a airline traveler -- and allegedly finding two live pigeons stuffed in his tights . Customs officials in Australia allege that a man tried to smuggle pigeons hidden in his tights . The 23-year-old man was stopped at Melbourne International Airport Sunday after arriving on a flight from Dubai , Australia 's Customs and Border Protection service said in a statement posted on its Web site . The service alleges that two eggs were found inside a multivitamin container carried by the passenger , who comes from Melbourne . A further search revealed that he was wearing tights -- with a live bird stashed down each leg . Photographs show the birds appear to have been rolled in newspaper and polythene with only their heads showing . The images indicate that one bird was attached to each of the alleged smuggler 's lower legs . Customs officials also claim that plant seeds were found in the man 's moneybelt and undeclared eggplant in his baggage . "  Wildlife smuggling is not only cruel to the animals involved , it poses a severe risk to the Australian environment and the health of the Australian community , " said Richard Janeczko , Customs and Border Protection National Manager Investigations . "  It is important that people declare all animal and plant materials to Customs and Border Protection when they enter Australia , " Janeczko added . The service said that the maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years imprisonment and/or a A$ 110,000  $ 70,000  fine .	Customs officers stopped 23-year-old man as he returned from Dubai Photographs show live birds were rolled in newspaper and polythene Maximum penalty for wildlife smuggling is 10 years jail and/or $ 70,000 fine
CNN  -- The superheroes of "  The Avengers " are more assembled than they are apart . After Joss Whedon 's ensemble epic dominated most of 2012 , this year 's more singularly focused films did n't seem to resonate as well . We asked our readers to vote for their 10 favorite films of 2013 , and while the usual suspects make this list -- including Iron Man and Thor -- it 's a fiery young woman who seals the top spot . The cynical will smirk at the number of sequels and tentpoles that are counted among readers ' Top 10 , but just because moviegoers can enjoy a good action flick -- such as "  Fast & Furious 6 " -- does n't mean they ca n't appreciate the nuance of something such as "  12 Years a Slave . " If you missed our voting period , feel free to play along in the comments . Tell us your top 10 favorite films of the year .	CNN readers voted for their 10 favorite films of the year This year 's superhero movies do n't make it into the top three Instead , the favorite film of 2013 is based on a young adult franchise
Davos , Switzerland  CNN  -- Free trade , transparency and a crackdown on tax cheats will be at the heart of Britain 's G8 presidency , Prime Minister David Cameron told the World Economic Forum in Davos on Thursday as he set out his vision for a more competitive Europe . The speech comes a day after Cameron made headlines by promising the British people a vote on European Union membership if he wins the next general election in 2015 . "  We need more free trade . We need fairer tax systems . We need more transparency on how governments -- and yes , companies -- operate , " Cameron told political and business leaders at Davos . These three issues will be the focus of the G8 meeting to be hosted by Britain later this year , he said . Cameron said the European Union and the G8 -- made up of Canada , France , Germany , Italy , Japan , Russia , Britain and the United States -- all face the "  looming , insistent question " of how to compete and succeed in the global economic race . He sees free trade as key to that success , saying that when it is n't free , everyone suffers . He wants Britain to be outward-looking , Cameron said , as he insisted that his referendum promise was "  not about turning our backs on Europe " but about making the 27-member bloc work for everyone . "  Let 's negotiate a new settlement for Europe that works for the UK and then let 's get fresh consent for it . It 's not just right for the UK . It 's necessary for Europe , " he said . "  Europe is being out-competed and out-invested -- and it 's time we make it an engine for growth , not a source of cost for business and complaint for our citizens . " ` Shape the future ' With this in mind , Cameron told CNN 's Christiane Amanpour that he has no regrets over the referendum promise , despite unhappiness among some European partners . "  It 's really important that we 've set out a plan for how we get change in Europe that will benefit all of Europe , making it more open , more competitive , more flexible , and how we secure Britain 's place within that , " he said . "  I think it 's a very important step forward and I 'm pleased with the reception that the speech has got from the business community , from the public , and also some positive responses from some of my European colleagues in government , too . " As for those who have criticized the decision , Cameron said he believes "  the greatest gamble for Britain would be to sit back and do nothing . " The European Union is already changing to meet the needs of the 17 members who are part of the euro single currency , he said . Britain is not in that group . "  It 's much better in my view to step forward to shape that debate , to shape the future in Europe , " he said . Britain 's desire to renegotiate the terms of its EU membership is based on the need to gain the consent of the people as they follow a path within Europe , he said . Far from being isolationist , Britain is a "  very positive player " in the European Union , Cameron added . In addition to helping create the single market , it has been one of the nations that pushed for the oil embargo on Iran and tough sanctions on Syria , and it has become a key backer in recent days of France 's military action in Mali , he said . Asked about the recent wrangling in the United States over the fiscal cliff , Cameron suggested that America could learn from Britain , although he recognizes that every country 's circumstances are different . "  I would say our experience in the United Kingdom is that you can take people with you as you take those difficult decisions , but ... it 's a very tough and hard road , but it 's a road we all have to travel , " he said . "  In the end , we all have to prove that we can pay our way in the world , that our credit is good , and all the rest of it . It 's not the only way that you will get growth ; it is part of what we need to bring the world economy back to healthy growth . " Cameron said the biggest thing that Britain and America could do together is to work on an EU-U.S. trade deal . "  Between us , we account for a third of world trade , so if we really got together and liberalized trade between the European Union and the United States of America , we could make both our peoples a lot better off , " he said . ` Ethical issues ' Addressing policymakers in Davos , Cameron said the questions of fairer taxes , more open trade and greater transparency apply just as much to the developed countries of the G8 as to poorer nations . And he dismissed the idea that speaking out on the issue of taxes and transparency made him anti-capitalism or anti-business . Poor practice by some firms has an impact on those that play by the rules , he said . There is a difference between tax evasion and tax avoidance , he added , "  but there are some forms of avoidance  that  have become so aggressive that I think it is right to say these raise ethical issues , and it 's time to call for more responsibility and for governments to act accordingly . " "  I 'm a ` low tax ' Conservative but I 'm not a ` companies should pay no tax ' Conservative , " added Cameron , who heads Britain 's Conservative Party . Meanwhile , transparency about the flow of money is key to poorer countries moving from poverty to growth , Cameron said . "  Like everything else in this G8 , the ambitions are big , and I make no apology for that , " he said . "  We can be the generation that eradicates absolute poverty in our world , " he said , but only if leaders focus on the cause , not the symptoms . CNN 's Richard Quest said Cameron 's attempt to go after tax cheats could be seen as good populist politics and an easy shot as he tries to distract from other matters . No cherry-picking On Wednesday , Cameron promised that if his party wins the 2015 general election , the country would get to vote on whether Britain stays in the European Union on the basis of a renegotiated deal , or leaves . The referendum should not be held until it 's clear how changes made after the crisis in the eurozone works out , he said , but will be held in the first half of the next parliament . The long-awaited speech was met with approval by those in his party who want to see Britain get some powers back from the EU , as well as a reduction in legislation they say holds back businesses . But critics -- including his party 's coalition partner , the Liberal Democrats -- say now is not the time to create uncertainty among businesses and industry over Britain 's future in the European Union . It is also unclear whether the other 26 members of the European Union would be willing to renegotiate the terms of Britain 's membership . France and others have made it clear that the British leader can not "  cherry-pick " which elements of the EU he signs up to , or risk unraveling the union to suit British interests . U.S. President Barack Obama has also said that "  the United States values a strong UK in a strong European Union . " But German Chancellor Angela Merkel gave Cameron some room for maneuver , indicating she is open to discussions on a "  fair compromise . " She is also due to give a speech Thursday at Davos , the annual forum that this year is attended by nearly 40 world leaders and more than 2,000 executives . Italian Prime Minister Mario Monti , speaking at Davos Wednesday , predicted Britain would remain in the EU . "  I am confident that if there is to be a referendum one day , the UK citizens will decide to stay in the EU and contribute to shape its future , " he said . He added , however , "  I think the EU does not need unwilling Europeans . " Britain is a net contributor to the European Union and an important player in the single market , which may give Cameron some additional sway . But critics warn he is taking a big gamble . Former Belgian Prime Minister Guy Verhofstadt , who leads the Alliance of Liberals and Democrats for Europe in the European Parliament , warned against trying "  hold the EU to ransom . " CNN 's Irene Chapple reported from Davos , and Laura Smith-Spark from London	NEW : David Cameron says the United States could learn from Britain on deficit reduction He tells Amanpour he has no regrets over promising a referendum He says the G8 will focus on free trade , fairer taxes and greater transparency " We can be the generation that eradicates absolute poverty in our world , " he says
CNN  -- Audiences will be getting a new look at Abraham Lincoln this weekend with the wide release of director Steven Spielberg 's "  Lincoln , " and they 'll be seeing a lot of America , too . The film , which recreates the former president 's life through the crucible of the Civil War , was filmed at several historic locations . Lincoln 's life took him through a number of states before and during the war , which gave Spielberg and his crew a wide geographic canvas . It was while shooting "  War of the Worlds " in Rockbridge County , Virginia , that Spielberg began discussing returning to the state , said Andy Edmunds , interim director of the Virginia Film Office . Edmunds worked with production designer Rick Carter for nine years , helping him scout locations across the state . Yet there is so much more to Lincoln than the movie that bears his name . For history and film buffs looking to explore Lincoln 's life , here are five locales that go beyond a trek to the National Mall . DO N'T watch these 11 movies on a plane City Point : Hopewell , Virginia One of Spielberg 's Virginia stops was City Point , now Hopewell , which served as Ulysses S. Grant 's headquarters during the Siege of Petersburg . Lincoln spent two weeks there in 1865 with his family , traveling aboard the war ship River Queen , which filmmakers replicated in full , said Rita McClenny , chief executive officer of the Virginia Tourism Board . From there , Lincoln watched the fall of Petersburg , later visiting the city , which was also shot on location , Edmunds said . Indeed , many pivotal wartime decisions "  were made on Virginia soil , " McClenny said . Tailing James Bond : 007 destinations Capitol Square : Richmond , Virginia Filming in Richmond was a win-win for both the state and the filmmakers : Spielberg dressed up Richmond 's capitol building as its national counterpart , and he used the capitol square as a sort of backlot for more than two weeks , Edmunds said . Tourism officials , in turn , organized city tours , turning the location shoots into opportunity . While filming , locals consumed the star sightings . A local restaurant even debuted a salad named after one of the movie 's stars : the Sally Field of Greens . Did co-star Tommy Lee Jones really eat at Bistro Bobette ? Yes , and fans can too , McClenny said . With any luck , they 'll sit in his seat . Old State Capitol and Lincoln/Herndon Law Offices : Springfield , Illinois Springfield , Illinois , was the nucleus of Lincoln 's career , political and otherwise , before he headed to Washington . It was there in 1858 that he gave his "  House Divided " speech . It 's also home to the Old State Capitol , where Lincoln worked as a legislator , and to the Lincoln-Herndon Law Offices . Both sites are crucial , according to Dave Blanchette , public information officer at the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library , the former because "  it looks as though the General Assembly just met there yesterday rather than 150 years ago . " Adding to the historical sense visitors get while touring , it feels now as it felt then . But Lincoln was also a lawyer for 25 years , "  longer than anything else in his life , " Blanchette said . The law offices -- the only of their kind , as no other buildings remain where Lincoln practiced law -- provide a necessary perspective on the president 's professional experiences . New Salem State Historic Site : Petersburg , Illinois Lincoln spent some of his most formative years growing up in New Salem , Blanchette said . And the township is at the heart of the "  log cabin " image that has crystallized around the 16th president . The site was recreated in the 1930s and '40s using the remaining foundations . "  You can stroll through the log village and try and imagine what life would have been like in the 1830s , " Blanchette said , which lets visitors experience a period when Lincoln transformed himself from a "  young man with no real direction in life " to someone with "  purpose and a vision . " Abraham Lincoln Birthplace : Hodgenville , Kentucky The president 's birthplace is "  literally the first memorial of any kind of Abraham Lincoln , " said Bill Justice , superintendent of the Abraham Lincoln Birthplace National Historic Park , which has its origins in an early 20th-century project by the Lincoln Farm Association . The park , designed by John Russell Pope years before he began work on the Jefferson Memorial , includes two sites : the Memorial Building , which stands on the farm where Lincoln was born in 1809 , and his boyhood home at Knob Creek . It was at his boyhood home that Lincoln formed his earliest memories , Justice said , such as planting pumpkin seeds between the farm 's corn rows . At Knob Creek , visitors get a more hands-on idea of what those early years were like : The field is "  pretty much unchanged , " Justice said . A favorite activity of his at the park is visiting the creek . "  The best thing to my mind , it gives me goose bumps when we go over there , is to stand there , " he said , "  and look down on the field and contemplate that you 're pretty much looking at what Abraham Lincoln saw . " Photos : ` Lincoln ' extras pose for portraits	Abraham Lincoln 's life and career included many historic sites across the country Steven Spielberg 's biopic "  Lincoln " was shot at several real-life locations in Virginia Fans of Lincoln can visit the president 's birthplace , childhood home and more Experts say visiting these historic sites gives a better sense of Lincoln 's experiences
Waterloo , Iowa  CNN  Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb share little in common . Both Democrats are toying with a presidential run , both are facing long odds in that endeavor , and both shared a stage at the Polk County Democrats Awards Dinner in Des Moines , Iowa , on Friday night . But , as was evident at the dinner , that is where the similarities end . O'Malley is a former mayor and Maryland governor who seems most at home when he is pressing the flesh at events and introducing himself to anyone who would extend their hand . Webb , on the contrary , is a decorated Vietnam War veteran and former senator from Virginia who comes across as more stoic and , at times , uncomfortable with retail politics . Before the event , O'Malley confidently cruised the union hall . He took selfies with young environmental activists and chatted with sometimes tepid supporters who admitted their other political allegiances . "  It is a marathon , not a sprint , " one man told O'Malley , a nod to his long odds in the 2016 Democratic nomination process . "  Yes , it is ; it 's a marathon , " O'Malley responded . "  Welcome to Iowa , " said another man . "  We hope to see you here more . " O'Malley smiled , "  Thanks a lot . I hope you do , too . " Webb was n't nearly as active , opting instead to stay close to his seat near the front of the venue and chat with a small group of people around him . As Webb cut into his sizable helping of pork , O'Malley was standing directly behind him , shaking hands . The former Virginia senator , after possibly seeing O'Malley making the rounds , did stand up and shake hands with a few of the diehard Democratic activists in the room . "  Seven months old , " Zach Smith , a new father , said of his baby boy , Noah . "  I have a bunch of kids . The youngest one is 8 years old , " Webb said . The baby looked up at the senator . "  He is pretty calm , " Webb remarked , himself calm . Despite coming from bordering states , Webb and O'Malley do n't know each other . When they passed each other in a Des Moines hotel lobby on Friday morning , it was the first time the two had met . That said , the two Democrats find themselves in the same position . Hillary Clinton , the former secretary of state who is set to announce her presidential bid Sunday , leads every national and state poll of the Democratic field . She has begun to build a sizable staff and is expected to have massive amounts of money to win the nomination . O'Malley and Webb are both looking up at her . In a March CNN/ORC poll  PDF  of national Democrats , only 1 % said O'Malley and Webb were their top choice . In a January poll from Bloomberg Politics and the Des Moines Register  PDF  , O'Malley was at 1 % among Iowa Democrats , while Webb found himself at 3 % . The speaking portion of the night further showed Webb and O'Malley 's differences . Webb , who spoke before the governor , gave a more subdued , biographical speech that mentioned three areas he would focus on if he ran for president : Basic governance , economic justice and criminal justice reform . To the approval of the audience , Webb promised to come back to Iowa regularly . "  I am committing to you right now , " he said , "  we are going to go over the whole state . " And the biggest applause came near the end of his speech , when he urged his party to get back to talking about issues . "  Money is ruining our political process , " Webb said to a chorus of applause and "  hear hear . " O'Malley , on the other hand , gave a speech littered with intentional applause lines . At points , the governor would deliberately stop to allow for the silence to be filled with clapping hands . "  When the American Dream is denied , our lives shrink , our hopes fade , and our days unfold not in the light of possibility but in the darkness of fear , " O'Malley said , delivering the same stump speech he usually gives . "  To make the dream true again , we must fight for better wages for all workers , so that Americans can support their families on what they earn . " As the event wound down , Webb and O'Malley stuck around to shake more hands and meet people . O'Malley , who spent the previous day in Iowa , left Friday night for New York . Webb , who is in the midst of a four-day trip to Iowa , stayed in Des Moines and headlined a veterans event on Saturday morning in Waterloo . Webb regularly speaks about his service and appeared more at home at the event . He told war stories with young and old veterans and spoke at length about how the government could be doing more for veterans . He also touted his work on passing the 21st Century G.I. Bill of Rights , a 2008 act that expanded education benefits for veterans , and stressed that more needed to be done . "  You want the next greatest generation , give them the same opportunity the the greatest generation had , " Webb said to applause . "  If you really want to thank them , hire a vet . " After the event , Webb shook hands with people veterans who told stories about dropped benefits and problems with the Department of Veterans Affairs . He occasionally smiled and thanked people for coming on a sunny Saturday morning . Asked whether he enjoys the retail politics that is crucial in early voting states like Iowa and New Hampshire , Webb smiled . Skepticism of retail politics is not new for Webb . As a one-term Democratic senator , Webb was rumored to loathe the burdens that came with campaigning , namely fundraising and retail politics . This time , he put on a rosy view . "  This is the good part of it , "  Webb said , with a laugh . "  Talking to the media , that is not always the good part . "	There are few similarities between Democrats Martin O'Malley and Jim Webb But they find themselves in a similar position as long-shot presidential hopefuls
Calling all fans of Jackie Chan , Bruce Lee and Donnie Yen . Hong Kong may be a well-known shopping and foodie destination , but the birthplace of Chinese martial arts films now offers some butt-kicking activities and scenic attractions for kung fu fans too . Nunchuks not mandatory . 1 . Free kung fu lessons You 'll never be able to punch like Jackie Chan , but you can pick up some basic moves to show off to family , friends and local ne'er do wells . The weekly kung fu demonstration at Kung Fu Corner teaches introductory techniques used in traditional combat . Instructors incorporate different weapons and kung fu styles in their routines . Kung Fu Corner ; Sculpture Walk , Kowloon Park , 22 Austin Road , Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon ; +852 2508 1234 ; Sundays only , 2:30 -4:30 p.m. 2 . Selfie with Bruce Lee Bruce Lee died 40 years ago , but a selfie with the martial arts hero is a classic Hong Kong souvenir . You can strike a pose with Lee on the Hollywood look-alike Avenue of Stars , where a life-size bronze statue of the '70s ass-whomping legend -- striking his iconic high kick pose -- stands next to the harbor front . The statue commemorates Lee 's global martial arts triumphs in classics like "  Enter the Dragon " and "  Fist of Fury . " After snapping that selfie with Bruce , you can "  hold hands " with kung fu superstars Jackie Chan , Jet Li and Michelle Yeoh . Their hand prints are a few meters in front of Lee 's statue . Avenue of Stars , Promenade , Tsim Sha Tsui , Kowloon 3 . Movie locations In the movies , knife-wielding gangsters lurk on every Hong Kong street corner . Not exactly true in real life , but the city is loaded with spots where kung fu stars flashed their heels and beat back endless waves of thugs . Jackie Chan filmed his death-defying act in "  Police Story " at Tsim Sha Tsui 's Wing On Plaza . The mall looks the same as it did when he leaped five stories down to its atrium . Remember "  Do n't think ! Feeeeel " ? That Bruce Lee moment of zen instruction in "  Enter the Dragon " was shot in Tuen Mun 's Tsing Shan Monastery . Wing On Plaza , 62 Mody Road , Tsim Sha Tsui ; +852 2196 1388 Tsing Shan Monastery , Castle Peak , Hong Kong ; +852 2441 6556 MORE : English-language manual helps the fight back for Hong Kong kung fu 4 . Retrace Bruce Lee 's steps Apart from watching his movies , you can get a glimpse of Bruce Lee 's early life in Hong Kong with a visit to his high school and family home . First stop : Bruce Lee 's alma mater -- St. Francis Xavier College -- where bathroom doors were his enemies . Records show that Lee destroyed the school bathroom doors while fighting his classmates . Instead of punishing Lee , a teacher advised him to join the school 's boxing team . The rest is kung fu cinema history . St. Francis Xavier College , Sycamore Street , Tai Kok Tsui , Kowloon Second stop : the superstar 's former home -- now a love motel . Lee 's onetime two-story family home now operates as a "  romance hotel , " where guests rent rooms by the hour . Hong Kong 's government originally planned to construct a Bruce Lee museum at the residence , but that project has been scrapped . According to reports , the owner declined to donate the house as a permanent museum space due to construction disputes . Bruce Lee 's former home , 41 Cumberland Road , Kowloon Tong , Kowloon 5 . Kung fu retreat To experience the spiritual side of kung fu , a visit to the Shaolin Wushu Culture Center is in order . The center brings together the physical aspects of kung fu with the zen heart of Shaolin philosophy . Located in Tai O , the center offers two-night martial arts courses , training camps and life enhancement exercises , away from the skyscrapers of Hong Kong . Shaolin Wushu Culture Center , Shek Tsai Po Street , New Territories , Hong Kong ; +852 2985 8898 6 . Immersive kung fu tour The six-hour "  Wing Chun " Kung Fu Experience Tour starts with a morning lesson on wing chun , a type of kung fu specializing in close-range combat . The class is led by Master Sam Lau -- a student of Bruce Lee 's mentor , the legendary grandmaster Ip Man . The 2008 blockbuster "  Ip Man " was based on his life . Visitors can train with Lau 's teaching assistants . "  Wing Chun is all about defense and attack at the same time , " says Master Lau . "  The class focuses more on basic and practical skills , rather than theory . " The young Jackie Chan and Sammo Hung once practiced their kung fu on the roof of the same building where classes are held , according to Master Lau . The "  Experience " includes a guided tour of the $ 3.2 million "  Bruce Lee : Kung Fu . Art . Life " exhibition at the Hong Kong Heritage Museum . The superstar 's legacy is recalled through personal artifacts . Lee 's sentimental and quirky sides are evident in his hand-written poems and cha cha choreography notes . The tour includes a dim sum lunch at the Shamrock Hotel , a spot frequented by Ip Man and Bruce Lee . According to Master Lau , Ip Man was a fan of the hotel 's sweet lotus-paste buns . "  Wing Chun " Kung Fu Experience Tour ; HK$ 1,550  $ 200  per person ; +852 27232306	Kung fu tour includes martial arts class , Bruce Lee museum , dim sum "  Enter the Dragon " was filmed in Tsing Shan Monastery Shaolin Wushu Culture Center offers two-day kung fu retreats
To people on the streets of Ferguson , Missouri , and many around the world who watched it unfold , it seemed like a scene out of another country . "  They are now firing into the crowd , " a reporter says Wednesday night as loud blasts and fiery sparks show tear gas canisters apparently being shot by police . Screams follow . "  They 're firing rubber bullets , " a reporter with KARG Argus Radio is heard saying on video . "  They 're attacking reporters ; they are attacking civilians . They are firing up on the media . " Ferguson Police Chief Thomas Jackson said pepper bullets were used . A CNN crew also found spent crowd-control stun grenades lying in the street . All the details of what happened amid protests over a police officer 's fatal shooting of an unarmed teen have yet to come in . Multiple law enforcement agencies from the city , county and state levels have been dispatched to calm the protests . In the chaos , it was not immediately clear which agencies did what exactly -- though Ferguson Mayor Jay Knowles did say Thursday that St. Louis County police have been "  in charge tactically since Sunday . " Change is coming . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon announced Thursday the Missouri State Highway Patrol will head up security because "  at this particular point , the attitudes were n't improving . " Missouri state troopers take over security in Ferguson Even if things turn around quickly , though , it wo n't erase the memories from this past week or end the debate about tactics . Chief among them are decisions like deploying heavily armed officers and using military equipment , which some experts say helped to make a bad situation even worse . Retired Lt. Gen. Russel Honore knows a thing or two about this kind of thing , having been dispatched to New Orleans in 2005 to lead recovery efforts after Hurricane Katrina . What authorities in Ferguson should have done , he said , is have "  front line policemen " to face protesters , not a SWAT team . "  The tactics they are using , I do n't know where they learned them from , " Honore said Thursday on "  CNN Newsroom . " "  It appears they may be making them up on the way . But this is escalating the situation . " 5 things to know about Michael Brown 's shooting What should police do with unruly protesters ? Sen. Claire McCaskill , D-Missouri , echoed that view Thursday , saying her "  constituents are allowed to have peaceful protests , and the police need to respect that right and protect that right . " "  This kind of response by the police has become the problem instead of the solution , " she added . Police said they responded with force only after the Molotov cocktails were thrown at them , and news photos showed some young men in the crowd lighting them . Yet Alderman Antonio French of St. Louis disputes this sequence , saying police started the violence and protesters responded . Joey Jackson , an HLN legal analyst , said if there are some protesters who are unruly -- unlike the majority -- then police "  need to isolate those people and perhaps respond to them as opposed to firing upon the crowd in general . " But the chief said police ca n't possibly go through the crowd and just remove certain individuals . "  If the crowd is getting violent , and you do n't want to be violent , get out of the crowd , " he said of protesters . Mike Brooks , a former Washington police official who now serves as HLN 's law enforcement analyst , cautioned against rushing to judge police over Wednesday night 's fighting . "  If there were , being thrown , rocks and bottles and Molotov cocktails , then they had to respond in kind , " he argued . But Brooks also said he has serious questions about the arrest of two journalists inside a McDonald 's by an officer who , according to reports , refused to provide his name . "  Why did the police come in and ask them to leave ? " Brooks asks . If there were a problem , it would be "  up to the manager , the general manger of that establishment , to ask them to leave . I want to know what department these officers were from . And if I ask an officer , ` What is your name and badge number , ' that officer better give it to me . " Michael Brown shooting , protests highlight racial divide ` In middle America , you do n't need leftover equipment from Iraq ' Critics of the law enforcement response include Attorney General Eric Holder , who said "  the scenes playing out in the streets of Ferguson over the last several nights can not continue . " Some blame lay with protesters , he said . Even though "  the vast majority ... have been peaceful , " others have been marred by violence , looting and antagonizing of law enforcement . Yet law enforcement 's aim should be to "  reduce tensions , not heighten them , " he said . That means respecting "  at all times " the rights of those gathered to express sympathy with Brown 's family as well as the ability of journalists to report the story .  Two reporters were detained and then released without charges Wednesday . "  At a time when we must seek to rebuild trust between law enforcement and the local community , I am deeply concerned that the deployment of military equipment and vehicles sends a conflicting message , " Holder added . Throughout the week , authorities in Ferguson have said the armored vehicles and weaponry have been in place to keep the peace . Yet civil liberty advocates and others disagree , saying the response in Ferguson is symptomatic of larger , disturbing trends in law enforcement . In an extensive report issued weeks ago , the American Civil Liberties Union stated "  American policing has become unnecessarily and dangerously militarized , in large part through federal programs that have armed state and local law enforcement agencies with the weapons and tactics of war , with almost no public discussion or oversight . " "  Militarization of policing encourages officers to adopt a ` warrior ' mentality and think of the people they are supposed to serve as enemies , " the report added . Rep. Emanuel Cleaver is among those who do n't think such equipment makes sense in Ferguson . He told CNN he and Rep. Lacy Clay want to personally urge Defense Secretary Chuck Hagel to institute "  very stringent requirements " whenever military equipment is disbursed , including special training of police . "  I think the heavy equipment probably should go to only cities like New York , Los Angeles , Chicago , where there is always a threat of some kind of a terrorist attack , " Cleaver said . "  But in middle America , you do n't need leftover equipment from Iraq . " Veterans critical of police response Josh Weinberg , an Army veteran who focuses on security issues for the Truman Project , contends that police sometimes do "  need high-powered weaponry " and other tools to go after "  up-armored " and heavily armed criminals . "  It 's really scary , " he says . But that does n't mean the way Ferguson police used some of that equipment made sense , he argues . Videos showed "  a bunch of guys on top of an armored personnel carrier , " Weinberg said . "  When we 're rolling around in Afghanistan and there is a threat of being shot , you do n't sit on top of an APC . That defeats the purpose . " Weinberg says it 's unfair to the military to call what happened in Ferguson evidence of "  militarization , " saying U.S. soldiers are well "  trained in escalation of force . " The police apparently "  had their weapons up and pointed at protesters who are obviously unarmed , " he said . In the military , he learned that "  your force posture matches the threat . You only raise your weapon if there is a threat that requires lethal force . " With a pointed weapon , Weinberg said , "  you could make a mistake , maybe get startled , put your finger on the trigger and shoot somebody who does n't deserve to be shot . " And threatening people unnecessarily can increase the tensions and danger , exacerbating the situation , he says . "  A crowd kind of has a mind of its own that develops over time , depending on what threat they perceive . " Weinberg is n't alone . "  As someone who studies policing in conflict , what 's going on Ferguson is n't just immoral and probably unconstitutional , it 's ineffective , " Army veteran Jason Fritz wrote on Twitter . Fritz is now senior editor of War on the Rocks , which analyzes national security issues . His was one of the tweets included in a storify being shared widely online Thursday morning , with this line at the top : "  The general consensus here : if this is militarization , it 's the s *** iest , least-trained , least professional military in the world , using weapons far beyond what they need , or what the military would use when doing crowd control . " In another , author and former Marine logistics officer Jeff Clement wrote : "  Our  Rules of Engagement  regarding who we could point weapons at in Afghanistan was more restrictive than cops in MO. " A white man 's response to Ferguson Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests	Congressman to call for "  very stringent requirements " on disbursed military equipment Some claim the response in Ferguson shows militarization of law enforcement Veterans : Police are getting military weapons without the same training and rules Lt. Gen. Honore : "  You 're in trouble " when SWAT team is called for civil disturbance
BAGHDAD , Iraq  CNN  -- Thousands of people marched in central Baghdad on Saturday to protest a proposed U.S.-Iraqi security agreement that would extend the presence of U.S. troops in the country after the end of the year . Thousands staged a mass march through Baghdad , Iraq , on Saturday to protest a planned U.S.-Iraq security deal . The political party of Iraqi cleric Muqtada al-Sadr called for the rally . At one point , several speakers at a podium addressed the mass of people , urging the Iraqi government to reject the proposal . "  End the U.S. occupation of Iraq ! " one speaker shouted in English . Hazem al-Araji , a senior al-Sadr aide , told protesters their voices would be heard in America . "  Thanks to you , to these voices and the millions of voices , George Bush will hear these millions of calls in his ` Black House ' -- in which you shouted out , ` No , no , America ! ' " he said . Watch protesters wave flags , swarm street " "  This talk and these words are that of the leader , Muqtada al-Sadr : Baghdad is free , free ! America , get out . This voice does not reach the Green Zone . We want to hear everyone who is occupied in that area saying Baghdad is free , free , America get out ! " al-Araji exclaimed . Protesters clogged several streets in the capital , waving Iraqi flags and kicking up dust . The demonstration , the largest in Baghdad in several months , was largely peaceful . Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said in Washington on Thursday a draft status-of-forces agreement authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq had "  been agreed upon by U.S. and Iraqi negotiators " and was being reviewed by the two governments . A U.N. mandate authorizing the U.S. troop presence in Iraq expires December 31 , and U.S. officials are examining "  contingencies " in case the Iraqi government is unable to sell the status-of-forces deal to the country 's various factions , a senior Bush administration official said this week . The same official said negotiations on the pact had finished and the text was final . The official said the "  final " draft calls for U.S. troops to be out of Iraqi cities by June 2009 and out of Iraq by the end of 2011 unless the Iraqis ask the United States to stay . The U.S. official , speaking on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the discussions , said negotiators had also "  reached a compromise " on the issue of U.S. troops remaining immune from Iraqi law -- an issue that was a major hurdle in the talks . Baghdad has sought the power to arrest and try Americans accused of crimes not related to official military operations , plus jurisdiction over troops and contractors who commit grave mistakes in the course of their duties . The United States has insisted its troops and contractors remain immune from Iraqi law . CNN State Department Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Proposed deal would extend U.S. troop presence in Iraq after end of the year Thousands of protesters urged Iraqi government to reject the proposal U.N. mandate authorizing U.S. troops in Iraq expires December 31
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Vera Lynn , who made her name entertaining troops in World War II after recording her first song 70 years ago , has become the oldest living artist to have a number one album . At 92 , Vera Lynn is the oldest person to have a number one album . The 92-year-old 's album "  We 'll Meet Again -- The Very Best of Vera Lynn " took the top spot in the British charts on Sunday , even outselling much-hyped re-mastered versions of the Beatles ' back catalogue , according to the UK 's Official Charts Company . The previous oldest living artist to top the charts was Bob Dylan , who at 67 saw his album "  Together Through Life " become number one in the UK earlier this year . "  I am extremely surprised and delighted , and a big ` thank you ' to all my fans for putting me there , " Lynn said , according the UK Press Association . During the war , Lynn was known as the "  Forces ' Sweetheart " for hits such as "  The White Cliffs of Dover " which struck a chord with British soldiers fighting overseas and audiences at home . Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II awarded the veteran singer the Order of the British Empire  OBE  in 1959 and in 1975 made her a dame . According to the Official Charts Company , the reissued Beatles albums took in the fifth , sixth , ninth , 10th , 21st , 24th , 29th , 31st , 33rd , 37th and 38th spots .	Vera Lynn is oldest living artist to have a number one album 92-year-old made her name as "  Forces ' Sweetheart " during World War II Hits include "  We 'll Meet Again , " and "  White Cliffs of Dover "
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas signed a bid on Wednesday to join the International Criminal Court . The move comes one day after the U.N. Security Council rejected a resolution calling for Palestinian statehood by 2017 , and for Israel to withdraw from the West Bank and East Jerusalem . It sets the stage for the Palestinian Authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints against Israel . "  This is another step forward . Legally , it gives anyone the opportunity to raise claims to the ICC and for the ICC to do work here . We are opening a door , " said Xavier Abu Eid , spokesman for the Palestine Liberation Organization . "  It is not , necessarily , that the state of Palestine will raise a claim against Israel , but that basically now , anyone can . If any events take place here , then they can do work here , and likewise anyone -- from individuals , NGOs , churches , etc. -- can raise claims . It 's important to remember that settlements are on occupied Palestinian lands and are illegal , " he said . The U.S. State Department said it was "  deeply troubled " by the development , calling it an "  escalatory step . " "  Today 's action is entirely counterproductive and does nothing to further the aspirations of the Palestinian people for a sovereign and independent state . It badly damages the atmosphere with the very people with whom they ultimately need to make peace , " the State Department said . "  While we are under no illusions regarding the difficult road of negotiations , direct negotiations are ultimately the only realistic path for achieving the aspirations of both peoples . All of us would like to see the day when that effort can resume , and can lead to the peace that we all know is the only real , sustainable answer to the underlying causes of this conflict , " the statement read .	The move comes one day after the U.N. Security Council rejected a call for statehood It sets the stage for the Palestinian Authority to possibly pursue war crime complaints The U.S says it is "  deeply troubled " by the development , calling it an "  escalatory step "
CNN  -- The U.S. Senate on Thursday confirmed Samantha Power as the next ambassador to the United Nations . The confirmation , by a 87-10 vote , was lauded by President Barack Obama . "  As one of our country 's leading foreign policy thinkers , Samantha knows that our nation 's interests are advanced with strong and principled American leadership , " Obama said in a statement . Power worked for Obama 's campaign in 2008 until she resigned after referring to Hillary Clinton -- the other leading Democratic contender at the time -- as a "  monster . " Prior to the confirmation , Power was senior director for multilateral affairs and human rights at the National Security Council and a former special assistant to the president . Power also has written extensively on preventing genocide , with criticism of the United Nations for failing to stop attacks in Bosnia and Rwanda .	The U.S. Senate confirms Power by a 87-10 vote President Obama calls her "  one of our country 's leading foreign policy thinkers " She resigned from Obama 's 2008 campaign after calling Hillary Clinton a ` monster '
CNN  -- French fashion designers do n't hold a monopoly on haute . Every April the country 's top pâtissiers and chocolatiers prove they can be just as outlandish as they unveil their annual collection of chocolate Easter eggs . These edible delights take countless forms . Master pâtissier Christophe Roussel looked East when creating "  Sweet Japon , " a sushi plate made entirely of chocolate , chocolate paste , marzipan and nougat . Chop sticks allow choc-o-holics to dip their sugary maki and sushi in salted butter caramel . Guy Krenzer and his army of pastry chefs at Maison Lenôtre dreamed up a blue-and-white chocolate egg that resembles traditional Chinese porcelain . At Le Bristol Hotel , head pastry chef Laurent Jeannin has sculpted an open-work chocolate egg that is inspired by the Piaget Rose jewelry collection . Children staying at the hotel can participate in the Bristol 's annual Easter egg hunt in its French garden . The child who finds a pink egg will win the sculptured chocolate -- and an 18-carat pink gold Piaget diamond ring that is hidden inside . Pierre Mathieu , the head pastry chef at the Mandarin Oriental Paris , says that France 's obsession with the high-end egg stems from the country 's history of gastronomy and Catholicism . Apparently a gorgeous egg honors both . For his part , Mathieu and his team have crafted 50 limited edition eggs , each of which weighs 450g  the same as a 12 ounce can of soda  , and costs 68 $  $ 95  . Inspired by the Chinese tangram puzzle , the egg has seven removable pieces that together form a shape at the egg 's base . "  I thought I could work on the idea of a chocolate egg that could be as delicious as it is playful , with an ` Asian ' story and origin , " Mathieu says . "  This was a good way to combine the French knowledge we use to make chocolate with the Mandarin Oriental Asian heritage . " But this is no game . "  The most difficult part of the process is to fix the whole egg with the most accuracy and neatness as possible , " he says . "  I want the egg to look like a jewel , or a collectible . " International appeal French chefs are bringing their magic to the U.K. , and helping to elevate Easter eggs beyond the cream-filled , grocery store variety . At the Four Seasons Hotel London at Park Lane , French pastry chef Loic Carbonnet spent 25 days making 50 Easter eggs , which are actually three eggs in one . A nine-inch egg , made from the finest Valrhona chocolate , houses a five-inch egg , made with the brand 's Ivoire White chocolate , which in turn contains a three-inch egg made from Madagascan dark chocolate . The $ 125 price tag reflects the labor involved in this most delicate process : Loic and his team spent seven hours crafting the first egg . They had to watch the temperature throughout . To temper the chocolate Carbonnet first had heat it to around 50 or 55 degrees Celsius  122 to 131 degrees Fahrenheit  , then cool it to around 28 degrees C  82 degrees F  , and then mold and shape it at no more than 32 degrees C  90 degrees F  . "  It 's a long process because you have to temper the chocolate , then mold it , then create the right thickness , " Carbonnet says . "  If it 's too thick guests can not break it . If it 's too thin it will be too fragile to travel . " Four millimeters is a safe thickness . Carbonnet points out two other perils of his work . If water finds its way into the chocolate bowl , the chocolate will never harden and it will be impossible to use during molding . The other issue is timing . A chef who leaves his chocolate on the stove for 15 minutes is signing his own pink slip . "  The chocolate dictates your work and when it 's ready , " he says . "  It 's like cooking a piece of meat for a guest who wants it medium rare . If you wait and let the meat rest for too long it will be overcooked . It 's the same with chocolate . You can not have a second chance . " All dressed up For luxury hotels , Easter eggs are more than just sweet treats for guests . They are also an opportunity to help connect their brand with the joys of Easter . At Claridge 's , London 's iconic Art Deco hotel , limited edition Easter eggs have become one of the hotel 's most anticipated traditions . Pastry Chef Ross Sneddon now has the process down pat . "  We use two molds which we then assemble to make one hollow egg , " he says . "  Once they are gently warmed , we melt and temper the chocolate by flooding , pouring , lining each egg shell 3 times with thin layers of chocolate . These shells are left to crystallize properly in their molds overnight . " They then de-mould the eggs , assemble the two halves , fill them with miniature chocolate eggs , and , to avoid a heavy and unsightly seam , use a warm metal tray "  to melt the seam edge of the eggs which are then carefully joined together and left to set . " But perhaps the most crucial step -- and the one responsible for the first impression -- is the packaging . His team use special black-and-white foil meant to invoke the hotel 's lobby . "  We hope and hear that people love our Easter Eggs , " he says . "  It 's a little bit of magic of Claridge 's that people can take away with them " . Marcela Kunova contributed to this article	Elaborate chocolate Easter eggs can take days to make Chocolate artists must carefully watch the temperature of chocolate Excess moisture makes it difficult for chocolate to harden properly Pastry chefs say France 's history of gastronomy and Catholicism make Easter eggs important
Washington  CNN  -- Former President George W. Bush will host an elite group at the dedication of his presidential library in Dallas on Thursday . President Barack Obama and former Presidents Bill Clinton , George H. W. Bush and Jimmy Carter will attend the event . Here 's a look at other presidential libraries by the numbers . 13 - Number of presidential libraries in the United States . 1939 - Year of the groundbreaking of the Franklin D. Roosevelt Presidential Library and Museum , in Hyde Park , New York . It was the first presidential library . 7 - Number of presidential libraries located on campus or affiliated with a university . 3 - Number of presidential libraries located at universities in Texas . The Lyndon B. Johnson Presidential Library and Museum is at the University of Texas in Austin . The George Bush Library and Museum is at Texas A & M in College Station , and the George W. Bush Presidential Library is on the campus of Southern Methodist University . Stand back : Bush is ` busting stereotypes ' 2 - Number of universities campaigning to host President Barack Obama 's library and museum : The University of Chicago and the University of Hawaii . 6 tons - Weight of the Sikorsky VH 3A "  Sea King " helicopter that is on display at the Richard Nixon Presidential Library and Museum in Yorba Linda , California . Nixon made his final flight on it after his resignation on August 9 , 1974 . "  Army One " was used by Presidents Kennedy , Johnson , Nixon , and Ford . 1,600 - Number of oral interviews archived in the collection at the John F. Kennedy Presidential Library and Museum in Boston . 27 million - Pages of historical material originally archived in the Jimmy Carter Library and Museum in Atlanta . 305 - Number of energy saving solar panels at the William J. Clinton Presidential Library and Museum in Little Rock , Arkansas . 2 inches - Height of the base that was added to President Ronald Reagan 's desk , so his legs would fit underneath . A full-sized replica of Reagan 's Oval Office is on display at his library in Simi Valley , California . 1 - Number of recipes for a "  Frosted Mint Delight " dessert that appear on the Dwight D. Eisenhower Presidential Library and Museum 's website . It was listed as one of his favorites !  A "  Prune Whip " also made the list .  . The library is located in Abilene , Kansas . More than 3,000 - Number of gifts President George H. W. Bush received from foreign heads of state that are part of the main collection at the George Bush Library and Museum . More than 43,000 - Number of gifts President George W. Bush and Laura Bush received from heads of state and from American citizens , some of which are on display on an online gallery . It includes a bullhorn President Bush used at Ground Zero after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . More than $ 500 million - Amount raised for the George W. Bush Presidential Library , which opens to the public on May 1 .	13 - Number of presidential libraries in the United States 3 - Number of presidential libraries located at universities in Texas More than $ 500 million - Amount raised for the George W. Bush Presidential Library
CNN  It 's a well driven path for the motoring male : as middle age approaches , thoughts turn to acquiring a shiny sports car as wives , female friends and relatives shake their heads with despair . Anyone who 's ever been lured by the siren call of a powerful engine can take comfort in the fact that , though they may be consumed by automotive obsession , they have nothing on the Schlumpf brothers . Fritz and Hans Schlumpf made a fortune in textiles during the last century . When it came to spending it , Fritz 's thoughts naturally turned to the sumptuous style and classic panache of the Bugatti sports car . Not just one Bugatti , not even two , but 122 of them , amassed in secret alongside hundreds of other rare and expensive cars in their textile mill warehouses between 1957 and 1976 . The secret did n't last and the collection is now housed in what could well be the world 's most fascinating car museum . The museum lies in the French provincial town of Mulhouse , a three-hour ride from Paris by France 's fast TGV trains -- or , if it was possible to drive the full 480 kilometers at the car 's top speed , just over an hour in a Bugatti Veyron 16.4 Super Sport . Known as the Cite de l'Automobile , or the French National Automobile Museumâ $ " Schlumpf Collection , it 's certainly the biggest Bugatti collection in the world . Among the vehicles is the absolute must-see of the Mulhouse collection : Bugatti founder Ettore Bugatti 's personal car , the fabulous 1929 Type 41 Royale Coupe Napoleon . This imposing 6.4-meter , 3-ton black and blue chauffeur coupe has a massive 14.7-liter engine that produced 300 horsepower and could propel the car to 200 kilometers an hour  124 mph  . It has an equally imposing value -- somewhere north of $ 15 million , based on past sales of other Bugatti Royales . Bugatti 's challenge to Mercedes-Benz and Rolls-Royce Ettore 's son , Jean , who was killed in 1939 at the age of 30 while testing a Bugatti race car , designed the Napoleon , while the silver elephant mascot that graces its long bonnet was sculpted by Ettore 's younger brother Rembrandt . Italian-born Ettore conceived the Royale as a vehicle that would supplant Rolls-Royce and Mercedes-Benz as the choice of European royalty . His dream foundered when the Great Depression killed the market for super-expensive luxury limousines . In the end only six Royales were built by Bugatti between 1929 and 1933 -- hence their astronomical value today . The museum has two examples , the Coupe Napoleon and the Limousine Park Ward , plus a 1990 replica known as the Royale Esders . Of the other four Royales , one is with the Volkswagen group -- which now owns the Bugatti brand , a couple are with U.S. museums and one is in private hands . A 1988 replica of the Coupe Napoleon sits in the Sinsheim Auto Museum in Germany . While Cite de l'Automobile is known as a Bugatti heaven , it caters to other interests . The current collection of 430-plus vehicles includes early French examples of the horseless carriage  Panhard-Levassor and De Dion-Bouton  through to early high-end limousines such as Isotta-Fraschini and Hispano-Suiza and classic prewar sports coupes such as the Alfa Romeo 8C 2900A Pinin Farina Berlinetta . An oddity is the 1942 Paul Arzens-designed aluminum and Plexiglass bubble car known as "  The Egg . " The postwar sports car lineup includes Ferrari , Maserati , Porsche , Gordini and an exceptional 1955 gullwing Mercedes-Benz 300 SL that was one of Fritz Schlumpf 's drive cars . A section of the Mulhouse collection is devoted to a full grid of F1 racing cars , including the rear-engine Bugatti 251 racer that made its debut at the 1956 French Grand Prix . Naturally , there 's also a modern Bugatti Veyron , housed in its own room . Secret treasure trove Still , pride of place goes to the Royale Coupe Napoleon , which Ettore Bugatti used as his personal car until the family 's financial difficulties forced his daughter L'Ebe to sell it in 1963 . The ultimate buyers were the Schlumpf brothers . Just how the Schlumpfs acquired their massive collection of Bugattis and other cars is a story of obsession , deception and loss that puts ordinary midlife crises to shame . Using money from their textile business , former Bugatti racer Fritz snapped up every model of the car that came on the market , including in 1963 a 30-car collection from the U.S. auto enthusiast John Shakespeare that included a second Royale . By the late 1960s , Fritz decided he would put his secret treasure trove on public display . Over the next decade he began restoring and preparing the vehicles for showing . Then economic circumstances turned against the Schlumpfs as the European textile business began to decline in the face of cheaper Asian products . Having spent so much of their revenues on motoring masterpieces , their business began to falter . Encumbered by debt , the Schlumpf brothers sought exile in Switzerland , where they remained until they died -- Hans in 1989 , followed by Fritz in 1992 . The Schlumpfs ' workers put the vehicles on show between 1977-79 , until the French government made the collection a listed monument , ensuring it would n't be broken up or taken abroad . A consortium that included the local municipal authority was created to run the collection and in 1982 the museum officially opened . By court order , the words "  Schlumpf Collection " were added to its name in 1989 , in honor of the men whose hunger for horsepower may never be surpassed . Cite de l'Automobile  French National Car Museumâ $ " Schlumpf Collection  , 192 Avenue de Colmar , Mulhouse ; +33 3 89 33 23 23 . Open daily from 10 a.m.-5 p.m.  10 a.m.-6 p.m. April-October  . Admission 14.50 euros for adults , 11 euros for children/concession . Price includes on-track show . Getting there : From Paris , it 's about three hours by high-speed TGV service to Mulhouse main station . About 25 minutes by train from Basel SBB in Switzerland . From the tram terminus near Mulhouse station , take Tram Line 1 to the "  Musee de l'Auto " stop , about two kilometers . Accommodation : Hotel brands in Mulhouse include Holiday Inn  34 Rue Paul Cezanne , +33 3 89 60 44 44  , Best Western  Bourse Hotel , 14 Rue de la Bourse ; +33 3 8956 1844  Mercure  4 Place du General de Gaulle ; +33 3 8936 2939  and Ibis  53 Rue de Bale ; +33 3 8946 4141  . Among the best-ranked independent hotels are The Bristol  8 Avenue de Colmar ; +33 3 8942 1231  and Hotel du Parc  26 Rue de la Sinne ; +33 3 89 66 12 22  . ResidHotel Mulhouse Centre  49 Rue de la Sinne ; +33 3 8945 2114  has three-star studio apartments from 65 euros  $ 83  . Freelance journalist and classic car enthusiast Geoff Hiscock is a former Asia business editor for CNN.com . He writes about food , water and energy issues . His latest book is "  Earth Wars : The Battle for Global Resources . "	Cite de l'Automobile in Mulhouse , France , is home to the world 's biggest Bugatti collection Most of the luxury performance cars were collected by brothers Fritz and Hans Schlumpf The collection includes the fabulous 1929 Type 41 Royale Coupe Napoleon , Ettore Bugatti 's personal car
CNN  -- Two by two , the tandem skydivers leapt into the clouds over southern Mississippi , a routine plunge from thousands of feet in the air . James "  Jimmie " Horak Jr. and his student were the last out of the plane Saturday morning . A videographer captured the moment when the veteran instructor opened his parachute , shifting a rapid freefall into a slow descent . But something tragic happened in the final seconds of the drop . Horak , 56 , and his student never landed at the airport where they were supposed to . Instead , Horak 's body was found in heavy mud in a swampy wooded area about a mile from the airport in Lumberton , Lamar County Sheriff Danny Rigel said . His student , a 26-year-old man whose name was not released , was in critical condition with broken bones and head injuries . It 's unclear what went wrong . But based on evidence on the ground , Horak cut away the main parachute and deployed his backup , Gold Coast Skydivers owner Leanne Igo said . "  We just know that the main was cut away and the reserve was deployed , " Igo said . "  Everything else beyond that is speculation . " Rigel said the others on the ride noticed there was some kind of equipment trouble , perhaps a problem with the lines . When the other students landed at the airport in Lumberton and noticed the pair were n't with them , they started a search that quickly included 30 skydivers on foot , a skydiving plane , a helicopter and local authorities , Igo said . The son of a nearby landowner eventually found Horak and the student while riding his Four Wheeler in the woods , she said . Horak and the student were so far inside the woods that "  there was no way anybody could spot them from overhead . " Deputies had to carry them out for a "  considerable distance " to get them out of the woods , and the student was then airlifted to Forrest General Hospital in Hattiesburg , Rigel said . The Federal Aviation Administration will inspect the parachutes to determine if they were properly rigged by a qualified parachute rigger , and if the parachute operation was in compliance with federal regulations , FAA spokeswoman Kathleen Bergen said Sunday . Local authorities will investigate the event and determine probable cause , she said . Horak 's cause of death wo n't be known until after an autopsy , likely to take place Monday , Rigel said . A skydiving fan since the 1970s , Horak served with the Army Special Forces and was a pilot who also worked for the Veterans Administration as a physician 's assistant , Igo said . "  Very professional , soft-spoken , kind-hearted , hard worker , a genuine person and highly experienced , " she said of Horak . "  He had a wonderful wife and three children and everybody who ever met Jim never had anything ugly to say about him . He loved what he did . " Horak was also meticulous about safety , his friend and fellow skydiver Timber McKinney said . "  I 've never met a more outstanding instructor in all my years of skydiving , 27 years now , " McKinney told CNN affiliate WEAR . "  He really emphasized the safety side of it . He was about the fun side of it too , but he would definitely make sure that everyone that he touched understood the rules and that they follow them . " Horak was a safety and training advisor appointed by the U.S. Parachute Association , Igo said . Along with being a tandem instructor , he was a tandem examiner who trained other tandem instructors , she said . Woman on first date plunges to her death off 17th-floor balcony January : Two riding inside inflatable ball go over cliff	The body of James "  Jimmie " Horak Jr. was found in heavy mud in a swampy , wooded area His student was found in critical condition and was airlifted to a hospital Company owner : Horak apparently cut away his main parachute and deployed a backup Sheriff : Other jumpers noticed some kind of equipment trouble
CNN  -- Leading figures in the world of soccer , including superstar David Beckham , on Thursday blasted FIFA President Sepp Blatter for controversial remarks he made on racism in an interview with CNN World Sport . The head of world football told CNN 's Pedro Pinto there is no on-field racism in football and that any player who has been abused should simply shake hands with his opponent at the end of the match and move on . Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand , a former England captain , expressed his outrage on Twitter , blasting Blatter 's comments as "  so condescending it 's almost laughable . " "  I think the remarks were appalling , personally , " Beckham said in an interview with CNN 's Paul Vercammen . "  All I care about is keeping racism out of soccer and out of sport . Because it 's not just in sports it 's in life in general . So it has to be stopped and we 're part of that . " Beckham , who plays in the United States for LA Galaxy , said something should be done , but he stopped short of saying Blatter should step down . Pedro Pinto : My crazy day with Sepp The chief executive of England 's Professional Footballers ' Association , Gordon Taylor , told CNN that Blatter should quit . "  He should step down , " he said . "  This is the straw that broke the camel 's back . We need football to set a good example , so this is inexcusable . The Swiss was re-elected unopposed as the head of football 's governing body in June after his main rival was suspended amid corruption allegations . The bidding process for the 2018 and 2022 World Cups was also dogged by bribery allegations . Soon after Blatter gave his interview to CNN on Wednesday , his position appeared to be undermined when the English Football Association charged Liverpool 's Luis Suarez with racism toward a fellow player . Suarez allegedly taunted Manchester United 's French defender Patrice Evra . Suarez , from Uruguay , denies the claims . London 's Metropolitan Police are also investigating allegations of racism against Chelsea and England captain John Terry . He denies claims he racially abused the brother of Rio Ferdinand , Anton , during a Premier League match . Blatter : No on-field racism in football The UK sports minister Hugh Robertson echoed calls for Blatter to quit . "  Racism is a criminal offense in this country and anybody who is caught will face criminal sanctions , " he told CNN . "  What Sepp Blatter has said , in this country , is just completely wrong as well as morally indefensible . This is the latest episode that calls into question whether this man should be the head of world football . For the sake of the game , he should go . "  We have been consistent in our calls for improved governance at FIFA and this underlines the need for that once more . We must never be complacent in our efforts to tackle racism . There is no place or excuse for it either on or off the pitch . " The "  Kick It Out " group , who campaign against racism in football , said Blatter 's comments were worryingly out of touch . "  Shaking hands to compensate for a racial slur is not what the game has signed up to , and trivializes the work of campaigns like Kick It Out . " Blatter clarified his comments in a statement on FIFA 's website that carried a picture of him embracing Tokyo Sexwale , a prominent South African politician who has campaigned against racism . Ferdinand responded to the picture on his Twitter account , saying : "  Fifa clear up the Blatter comments with a pic of him posing with a black man . . I need the hand covering eyes symbol !! " Blatter comments spark Twitter fury Thursday , Blatter responded to Ferdinand directly on Twitter , writing : "  The ` black man ' as you call him has a name : Tokyo Sexwale . He has done tremendous work against racism and apartheid in Africa . "  We have done several joint activities to raise awareness on the struggle against racism in South Africa . FIFA has a long standing and proud record in the area of anti-discrimination which will continue . " Later Ferdinand replied : "  To say what you said about racism in football spoke volumes of your ignorance to the subject . If we want to stamp out racism in society a football pitch is a good place to start -- loved by billions of people around the world  sic  . " In an exclusive interview with CNN , Premier League chief executive Richard Scudamore said racism was still prevalent in football , but the top tier in the English game was fighting hard to eradicate it . He said : "  Racism certainly still exists in football , albeit reduced , but there are still issues , of course there are , and we 're not complacent about that . "  But I think it 's a bit of a stretch to say it does n't exist because it does . " "  The English game had led and been at the forefront of reducing incidents of racist behavior -- it 's totally unacceptable , everybody in the game in England understands it is totally unacceptable . "  We have that reputation , as far as I 'm aware , that reputation is still intact but the game will deal with whatever is thrown against it . There is no place for it in football , let alone in England , and we will strive to eradicate it . " Sports journalist and London Evening Standard columnist Mihir Bose said Blatter 's views demonstrated that he is out of touch with the modern game . He told CNN , "  This wo n't topple him . It will damage him further but you could argue he was damaged goods anyway . "  Blatter wants to be a showman , he wants to be in the public eye ... but these comments are incredibly insensitive and crass . " Bose said that although great strides have been made in the fight against racism in football , there is still much work to do . "  Much of the racist attitudes that saw bananas being thrown onto the field at black players has gone , but there is still a pervasive racism , " he added . "  White players feel racism has been conquered but there remains a feeling of discrimination in the game which is why black players have reacted with outrage at Blatter 's comments . "  They feel there is still not a level playing field -- they feel all they have fought for over the years has been devalued . " Can European soccer stamp out racism ? There have also been several instances of racism in European football this year . Former Brazil player Roberto Carlos walked off the pitch during a game in Russia when a banana was thrown at him and Chelsea 's Israeli midfielder Yossi Benayoun was taunted during a game in Malaysia . CNN 's Paul Vercammen contributed to this report .	NEW : Leading figures in the world of football , including Beckham , criticize Sepp Blatter World soccer chief caused outrage by saying on-field racism does n't exist in the game UK sports minister Hugh Robertson said Blatter 's views were morally "  indefensible " Manchester United 's Rio Ferdinand called remarks "  condescending "
Editor 's note : The staff at CNN.com has been intrigued by the journalism of Vice , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York . Motherboard.tv is Vice 's site devoted to the overlap between culture and technology . The reports , which are being produced solely by Vice , reflect a very transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process . We believe this unique approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers . Brooklyn , New York  Motherboard.tv  -- Jason Sapan , as his birth certificate calls him , is sort of like a laser Doc Brown , and his cluttered New York studio-laboratory  replete with devoted interns  feels something like a time machine , a living ode to a seemingly obsolete art . But listen to him tell his story , take a look around his space , and you might agree that there 's no more accurate way of representing the world than with holography . The walls bear witness to his cachet at the height of the holographic era : Andy Warhol , Pierre Cardin , Cher , Bill Clinton , Sally Jesse Raphael , Ed Koch and Isaac Asimov have all sat for Doctor Laser . His laser lighting has been used at the original Studio 54 , on CBS , in print advertising for Macy 's and Revlon , on Broadway , for book and magazine covers , and a number of music videos , including a starring role in one by "  Flock of Seagulls " which landed him the first on-air credit in a video on MTV . In 2001 , the producers of Vanilla Sky asked him to help them design a saxophone-playing hologram  Rest assured : it had nothing to do with this . Watch the rest of Doctor Laser at Motherboard.tv While colorful , moving holograms that float in midair remain the stuff of science-fiction , Doctor Laser has pieced together a reality that 's much stranger : his studio in Midtown Manhattan , tucked into a former blacksmith 's forge , is a veritable wonder cabinet of dancing 3-D imagery , flashing lasers and homemade holography equipment . "  To be able to take the ordinary , and work with whatever 's at hand , and turn it into a technological miracle " is what Doctor Laser says excites him most . " ` You could have picked this up at Radio Shack . Why are you building it yourself , Doctor ? ' he says , imitating one of his gaggle of mad , devoted interns . "  Because I can . " However , being one of the last people at the party is always tough , and in spite of current 3-D obsessions , getting the world to come back to the party seems even tougher . But he 's not giving up . Besides providing lasers for wild parties , music videos , school trips and being commissioned by a former candidate for the presidency of Uruguay to produce eight original pieces , he 's determined to see that President Obama becomes the first sitting president to pose for a hologram . "  Delusion is n't always a bad thing , " he says . Neither is illusion -- especially when it 's made with homemade lenses and lasers .	Jason Sapan , aka Doctor Laser , has devoted his life to holograms Sapan has created holographic portraits of Andy Warhol , Bill Clinton , Isaac Asimov His laser lighting has been used in print ads for Macy 's and a "  Flock of Seagulls " music video
CNN  -- Lazio are the new leaders in Serie A after beating Brescia 1-0 on Sunday with champions Inter Milan held to a goalless draw at home to Juventus in the late match . Stefano Mauri scored the only goal of the game just before halftime to give the side from the capital a vital three points and an unlikely top spot for a club hit by a financial crisis . They have 13 points from six games , two clear of Inter , Napoli and AC Milan . Napoli showed their title credentials by downing Lazio 's arch-rivals AS Roma 2-0 earlier Sunday . Marek Hamsik and a Juan own goal delighted the home fans in the San Paolo stadium in Naples and left Roma in the bottom three . They had to wait until 72 minutes for the breakthrough as Hamsik charged forward to drill home a shot . Napoli wrapped up victory when Hugo Campagnaro 's cross from the right caused chaos and eventually went in off Juan . Inter knew they had to beat Juve to go top of the table but it did not look likely after a dull first half with few chances , the best falling to Esteban Cambiasso and Diego Milito . Home keeper Julio Cesar had to make important saves as the visitors were more ambitious after the break , but Inter might have stolen it as Milito controlled Cambiasso through ball but sent his shot wide from close range .	Lazio beat Brescia 1-0 to top Serie A after the sixth round of matches Stefano Mauri scores only goal of the match for capital side Inter Milan held goalless by Turin giants Juventus in San Siro Napoli beat AS Roma 2-0 to maintain their title challenge
CNN  -- The United States and Yemen are taking on Islamic militants on the land and from the air amid fears that al Qaeda is exploiting the political chaos and leadership vacuum engulfing the unstable and impoverished Arabian Peninsula country . Yemeni government forces are trying to wrest the southern town of Zinjibar from Islamic militants , and an American official said U.S. military-led airstrikes have resumed and top insurgents have been killed . U.S. drone strikes had been conducted in the past in Yemen , but they had paused amid the unrest . CNN National Security Contributor Fran Townsend , a former Bush Homeland Security adviser , said the current airstrikes are an "  indication of the strength and confidence " President Barack Obama has in the CIA , which directs the strikes . "  I think it 's a resumption , " Townsend said of the airstrikes . " And I do think it appears to be an intensification . Some of that may be based on the threat environment and better intelligence . " Widespread tumult has engulfed Yemen for months , with thousands of demonstrators who oppose the rule of President Ali Abdullah Saleh urging the president 's departure . In recent weeks , anti-government tribal forces have battled with troops , and last Friday , the presidential compound was attacked , injuring Saleh and other senior officials , who were taken to Saudi Arabia for treatment . A six-nation Gulf Arab alliance has tried to broker a government-opposition agreement that would lead to Saleh 's departure , a move that could end the conflict . That initiative has fallen through , but efforts have re-emerged to end differences . State-run TV reported on Thursday that "  the deputy ministry of information calls upon the brethren in the opposition to arise to a level of positive thinking that will heal the wounds and restore the trust among all the players of the political process . " But Saleh long has been mired in another struggle -- the fight against al Qaeda in the Arabia Peninsula , al Qaeda 's Yemen wing , and he has been a key ally of the United States in the fight against the militant group . "  The Yemeni government has a strong partnership with the U.S. government , especially in the field of counterterrorism , " said a Yemeni government official who has asked not to be named because he is not authorized to speak to the media . Both Yemen and the United States have envisioned a nightmare scenario of AQAP taking advantage of the civil strife and exploiting the absence of Saleh and other top officials . A U.S. military official with knowledge of the Yemen campaign told CNN that U.S. military-led air operations recently resumed after a pause of some months and a top militant may have been killed . Abu Ali al-Harithi , "  described as one of the most dangerous al Qaeda commanders in Shabwa province , " has been killed in Yemeni security operations , state-run TV reported Thursday , citing an official military source . The New York Times reported Thursday that American jets killed al-Harithi in an airstrike last Friday . The U.S. official also said the United States believes it probably killed al-Harithi in an airstrike in southern Yemen in recent days . But he cautioned its "  very difficult " to confirm the killing . That official said the United States had paused airstrikes because it "  did n't have faith in the information available , " to target individuals in Yemen during that time . But the official could not say what led to the improved intelligence picture . Last month , a U.S. drone strike attempted but failed to kill Anwar al-Awlaki , the American-born radical Muslim cleric who moved to Yemen and has become a key figure in al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula . That attack came after the U.S. military swooped into a compound in Abbottabad , Pakistan , on May 2 , and killed al Qaeda leader Osama bin Laden . Townsend said AQAP is dangerous and the administration is rightly concerned , noting that the chaos in Yemen "  benefits our enemies and not us . " The official Yemeni source cited by state TV reported other deaths in security operations , such as "  the killing of various commanders and members of al Qaeda in Abyan province . " People killed in operations included the "  media official of the organization , Ayman Al-Masri , and the terrorist Ali Saleh Farhan , the commander of the organization in Marib province . " Meanwhile , fighting continued in Zinjibar , an Abyan province town that had been taken over by militants . The state TV report said the government had ousted militants from the town . "  The heroes of the armed forces and with the help of the noble residents managed to clear the city of Zinjibar and caused al Qaeda serious losses in lives and weaponry , " the state-run TV report said . Earlier , a senior security official loyal to the Yemeni government told CNN that nine Islamic militants and four Yemeni soldiers were killed in clashes overnight in Zinjibar . Medical officials in Razi hospital near Zinjibar said Thursday that more than 40 people entered the hospital , all with wounds from bullets of explosives . "  Dead bodies are still in the streets of Zinjibar , but residents have evacuated the city , leaving those injured with no one to take them to the hospital , " a medic at the hospital said . Recently , a U.S. official told CNN that AQAP is trying to position itself for greater power and influence , a sign of an evolving power struggle in the militant group since the killing of Osama bin Laden . "  They are using the death of bin Laden as a way to bolster their own image , " the U.S. official told CNN . The source declined to be identified because of the sensitive intelligence information that has led to this assessment . There 's a strong AQAP presence in Abyan , and the United States has long felt that the group is a growing threat . "  They are clearly trying to improve their capabilities , " as they were even before bin Laden 's death , the official said . He noted the death of bin Laden , coming on the heels of the growing civil unrest in Yemen , gives the group the opportunity to both bolster its image and operate more freely . "  We have seen a steady progression of al Qaeda presence in Yemen and efforts by them to organize and become more efficient , " the official said . As for Saleh -- wounded when the mosque at the presidential compound in Sanaa was attacked during Friday prayers -- Tareq al-Shami , the ruling party spokesmen , said the president will be back in Yemen "  within days and is now in very good health . " The future of Yemen 's government remains in question . "  We do n't know who will emerge in power , " said Anthony H. Cordesman , who holds the Arleigh A. Burke chair in strategy at the Center for Strategic and International Studies . "  We do n't know what kind of power vacuum will exist " and how much it can be exploited , he said . "  We 're not likely to see a stable Yemen in the near future . " CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Yemeni forces are trying to wrest the southern town of Zinjibar from Islamic militants The United States believes one of "  most dangerous al Qaeda commanders " was killed A Yemeni official urges the opposition to help "  heal the wounds and restore the trust " President Saleh will be back in Yemen "  within days , " an official says
Mashable  -- Facebook has just announced a new mobile application designed specifically for feature phones . The app will give feature phone users access to Facebook messages , events , pictures , news feeds , profiles and more . The app gives users a better , almost smartphone-like Facebook experience that includes simple homescreen navigation , contact syncing and fast scrolling of updates and photos . Users will be able to use the Facebook app without incurring data charges . The app is available on the following carriers in the following countries and will launch on more networks and in more areas soon : Dialog  Sri Lanka  Life  Ukraine  Play  Poland  StarhHub  Singapore  STC  Saudi Arabia  Three  Hong Kong  Tunisiana  Tunisia  Viva  Dominican Republic Other carriers and countries slated to be available soon are Mobilicity  Canada  , Reliance  India  , Telcel  Mexico  , TIM  Brazil  and Vivacom  Bulgaria  . On the Facebook blog , the company 's mobile program managerMark Heynen writes , "  The Facebook for Feature Phones app works on more than 2,500 devices from Nokia , Sony Ericsson , LG and other manufacturers , and it was built in close cooperation with Snaptu . " Among the digerati , we tend to forget that smartphone users are not , in fact , the majority of cellphone owners . As of June 2010 , feature phone owners make up a full 79 percent of all mobile phone owners . That number is even higher in countries like China and India . As a global company with a strong presence in countries around the world -- and a strong desire to dominate in markets outside the U.S. -- Facebook has a responsibility to develop applications for all kinds of users . Other companies are still innovating in the feature phone space , and we 're glad to see that Facebook is starting to keep up . © 2011 MASHABLE.com . All rights reserved .	Facebook has just announced a new mobile application for feature phones The app gives users a better , almost smartphone-like Facebook experience Users will be able to use the Facebook app without incurring data charges
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Every year for the last nine years , world business leaders and thinkers have gathered in Jeddah , Saudi Arabia 's second largest city for the Jeddah Economic Forum . Richard Branson This year 's forum took place against a backdrop of growing economic insecurity . High oil prices and the specter of a recession in the US were on the minds of the gathered group of elite business leaders from more than 160 countries . They were meeting to talk about whether the Middle East 's extraordinary rate of growth and development can be sustained -- especially in the face of the subprime slowdown and with ever growing competition from India and China . Among many distinguished speakers , Alan Greenspan , former Federal Reserve chairman , talked about how to create sustainable prosperity through financial market architecture . UK entrepreneur and founder of the Virgin Group , Richard Branson led a discussion about leadership and who should be responsible for shaping the future . Other notable speakers included George Soros , global financier , philanthropist and Chairman of The Open Society Institute and Bangladeshi economist Dr Muhammad Younis . He was awarded a Nobel Prize for setting up Grameen Bank -- the microcredit institution which lends to the neediest people allowing them to set up small businesses -- in 1976 . Established in 1999 and organized by the Jeddah Marketing Board and Jeddah Chamber of Commerce and Industry to act as the "  think tank of the Middle East " , it has become a focus for dealing with regional and international economic and social issues . Past speakers at the JEF have included former US Presidents George H W Bush and Bill Clinton ; former Lebanese Prime Minister Rafik Hariri ; Recep Tayyip Erdogan , Turkish Prime Minister , Hillary Rodham Clinton and many other world leaders and senior businesspeople . E-mail to a friend	The annual Jeddah Economic Forum  JEF  attracts world business leaders The JEF was founded to act as the think tank of the Middle East It has since become a focus for discussing regional economic and social issues 2008 speakers included : Alan Greenspan , George Soros , Muhammad Younis
London  CNN  -- London fire officials were at the O2 arena Tuesday morning after two tour buses of the Grammy-nominated rock band Kings of Leon caught on fire , the Fire Brigade said . Kings of Leon was scheduled to play the arena Tuesday night . "  The fire is under control and no injuries reported . Assessments are currently underway and we expect to make a decision in the next couple of hours as to whether tonight 's Kings of Leon show will go ahead . We will keep our website updated so please check back throughout the day , " the group said on its website . Sixty firefighters were battling the blaze near a loading bay of the facility , officials said . "  Our crews are doing a fantastic job , especially given the levels of smoke down here which has lead to quite challenging conditions , " the Fire Brigade said . The Kings of Leon has achieved tremendous success in recent years , scoring a multi-platinum album and several hit singles with their 2008 CD "  Only by the Night . " They are now touring to promote their fifth album , "  Come Around Sundown . "	The rock band Kings of Leon is scheduled to play the arena Tuesday night Sixty firefighters are battling the blaze The fire is under control , the band said
CNN  -- A chapter was closing in Dutch history Monday as Queen Beatrix spent her last full day on the throne after 33 years as the country 's monarch . Beatrix will abdicate on Tuesday morning , handing over to her eldest son , Willem-Alexander , who will be the first Dutch king in more than 120 years . The queen was due to give a televised speech later on Monday . She steps down on the national holiday known as Queen 's Day , an opportunity for people across the Netherlands to dress up and party . The investiture of the new king will be the high point of a year of celebrations marking the end of the Napoleonic occupation in 1813 . The 75-year-old monarch announced her abdication in January , saying it was time for a new generation to lead . "  I have always considered it as an extraordinary privilege to be able to put a big part of my life at the service of our country and in accordance with my task to add substance to my kingship , " said Beatrix , who acceded to the throne when her mother , Queen Juliana , abdicated in 1980 . "  Until today , this beautiful task has given me a lot of satisfaction . It is inspiring to feel close to people , to sympathize in grievances and share times of joy and national pride . " She went on : "  It is with great confidence , that on April 30 this year I will pass my kingship to my son , the Prince of Orange . He and Princess Maxima are fully prepared for their future task . They will serve our country with devotion , faithfully serve the constitution , and with all their talents give substance to their kingship . " Dutch Prime Minister Mark Rutte added : "  Anyone who has met the queen will agree that she touched people and helped them forward with her knowledge and experience and her great interest and involvement . " The Dutch media has speculated that the queen was abdicating to spend more time with her second son Friso , who was injured in an avalanche at an Austrian ski resort last year . He remains in a coma in a London hospital . Prince Willem-Alexander was educated in Wales and Holland , where he earned a history degree at Leiden University . He served in the Dutch Royal Navy from 1985 to 1987 . As Prince of Orange -- the title given to the person first in line to the Dutch throne -- he has been interested in sustainability and innovation . He is married to Princess MÃ ¡ xima , who was born in Buenos Aires , Argentina . She has a degree in economics and has worked for HSBC and Deutsche Bank . The couple have been married for 11 years and have three daughters . Last week the couple gave their first joint TV interview in which Willem set out how he intended to rule . "  I want to be a king who is first of all traditional , built on the tradition of my predecessors , who stands for continuity and also for stability in the country ... but also a king who in the 21st century can bind together and represent society as a whole . " Asked how he intended to do that , Willem told the NOS state broadcaster : "  By being present where you think people need support or help , by giving extra attention and presence to worthwhile events and by supporting people who are in need . " One notable absence at Tuesday 's ceremony will be the new queen 's father , Jorge Zorreguieta , who was a minister during the 1976-1983 Argentinian military dictatorship . Princess Maxima said her family would not attend her swearing-in as queen because of her father 's controversial past . "  This is a constitutional event , when my husband becomes king and my father does n't belong there , especially if there are issues , " the princess told NOS . "  He remains my father , we still enjoy our private moments . " Mark Saunders , a royal biographer , said he had bumped into the new king and found him to be personable and relaxed . "  I met him in the strangest of circumstances , " he said . "  I was on a ferry stuck between Estonia and Norway . I spoke to this young pleasant guy who gave me some advice that maybe you should get off  the boat  . It was only afterwards that I discovered it was Crown Prince Willem . I remember thinking that this was the most ` non-royal ' royal I 've ever met . I have n't met that many , but he was a pleasant guy . "  He 's young too , only 46 -- so he 's the youngest monarch in the world -- the only one who 's not gray or bald ! " Saunders said he believed that in contrast to Beatrix , Britain 's Queen Elizabeth would never abdicate , because of the 1,000 years of history behind her , and the trauma of her uncle , King Edward VIII 's abdication . "  Britain 's royals  believe they have a divine right to rule , which goes back to the Norman Conquest of 1066 . They will never break that chain , " he said . READ MORE : Why Elizabeth is n't abdicating	Queen Beatrix will abdicate Tuesday after 33 years as the Dutch monarch Willem-Alexander will be first king the Dutch have had in more than 120 years The 75-year-old monarch announced her abdication in January New queen 's father , a former Argentinian minister , will miss investiture
CNN  -- Next week , the people of Scotland will vote on whether to seek independence from the United Kingdom , creating the world 's newest country in the process . Recent polls suggest that this is by no means just a pipe dream of the Scottish nationalists , with the "  Yes " campaign actually leading in one survey . But the results will be being watched far from Britain 's shores ; this is a decision that has potentially far-reaching consequences , especially within Europe . The referendum -- and the United Kingdom 's clear willingness to abide by the results -- is a rarity among the world 's independence movements . We 're much more used to hearing about low-level armed conflict and even all-out war among regions seeking to split from each other . One nation that has grappled with periodic separatist violence is Spain , which may well be the country that will see the most immediate impact of a vote . Here , regional , historical and linguistic differences have spawned several strong separatist movements , and the Catalonia region plans its own referendum in November , despite Spanish court rulings that the process will have no standing . A strong vote for secession in Catalonia would send a signal that a democracy can not afford to ignore and could be the first domino to fall . In Spain 's Basque country , as it is known , a separatist movement headlined by the terrorist group ETA left hundreds dead before the organization abandoned violence in 2011 , but calls for independence have not died down in the same way the violence has . If Scotland goes , expect the Catalans , the Basques , the Galicians and other Spanish regions to make a renewed push to split from Madrid . Disillusionment with central government has been compounded by the lengthy and painful European economic crisis  although some argue smaller countries have typically fared worse in times of trouble  , and many regions with an eye on independence lament that they are being shortchanged by their central governments . That is the case in northern Italy , a part of the country that is more prosperous than the rest and with a reputation for more disciplined work habits than southern regions . The Veneto region , anchored in Venice , once the center of the powerful Republic of Venice , recently held its own unofficial online referendum . A majority said they want to split from Rome . But at its core , the question of independence comes down to more than economics . It is about two related questions : What are nations and states ? And should the former always become the latter ? After all , nationhood is in many ways about cultural issues -- a shared language , a shared history -- while a state is essentially a political entity . With all this in mind , it is n't surprising that the case for independence is often , to a large degree , emotional , an appeal to nationalist sentiment as much as to politics and practicalities . And it is also often fostered by a sense of injustice or even exploitation . Take the Bavarian separatist Florian Weber , who wants his region to split from Germany and is passionately cheering the Scots on to statehood , arguing that independence fortifies democracy , because "  the larger the political unit , the less chance individuals have of being heard . " Some Belgians might sympathize with the notion that bigger does not always mean better . The country is made up of the French-speaking Walloons and the Dutch-speaking Flemish , but the Flemish resent the outsize influence of French speakers . It is unsurprising , then , that calls to unravel the union emerge with regularity . These debates are taking place against a backdrop of a Europe where the entire notion of what being an independent country means is being debated , as individual states wrestle with how to define the role of the EU , with its Brussels-based bureaucracy , its vague and shifting foreign policy and economic powers and its distant links to the populations it is meant to represent . Will Europe 's evolution create a whole new type of entity , a semi-independent nation-state , which surrenders some of its autonomy to a much larger supranational union ? For now , the experiment is yielding mixed results , with financial crises undermining confidence in , and distracting from , discussions of greater integration . But with Russia 's recent incursions into Ukraine , who knows how the debate will evolve ?  Moscow will argue that the Scottish referendum is equivalent to Crimea 's vote to join Russia , although few outside Russia see things that way . Farther afield , in the Middle East , boundaries that themselves are only several decades old are being erased by , among others , ISIS even as the Kurdish people , spread across Iraq , Iran and Turkey , push for their own state .  Do n't expect any referendums here . Such votes are more likely to remain the exception rather than the rule . Of course , in a tumultuous , violent world , it is encouraging in Scotland 's case to see peaceful , democratic means used to settle a contentious , high-stakes issue like the very existence of a nation . But if Scots really do decide to vote for independence , it is hard not to see it triggering a wave of separatist tension in Europe and beyond .	Scotland will vote in a referendum next week on whether to become independent Decision could have huge consequences , especially within Europe , says Frida Ghitis Ghitis : Independence comes down to more than economics Scottish "  yes " vote could trigger a wave of separatist tension in Europe and beyond , Ghitis says
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- As Washington gears up for January 's presidential inauguration with high-priced tickets to fancy affairs , one businessman is making sure that some of the less fortunate will have a chance to share in the festivities . Earl Stafford is a Virginia businessman helping the disadvantaged see the inauguration . Virginia businessman Earl Stafford has spent $ 1 million to give hundreds of poverty-stricken and terminally ill Americans , along with wounded men and women in uniform , an inauguration experience that wo n't cost them anything . The zero-dollar price tag is even more shocking , considering that tickets to the inaugural events are going for hundreds of dollars , the city 's remaining hotel rooms are edging into four-figure territory , and even basements and couches miles from the National Mall are going for a premium on Craigslist . Tickets for the inauguration are distributed through members of Congress , and just 240,000 seats are available for the swearing-in ceremony . The tickets are supposed to be free , but with demand outpacing supply , some people have been trying to scalp tickets for thousands of dollars . Stafford 's event is one of the splashiest inauguration packages out there . It includes high-end hotel rooms and luxury suites , food and drinks , a heated viewing spot right above the parade route , even gowns and tuxedos to wear to celebratory balls and a beautician to help attendees get ready . Hours after the election , Stafford , a 60-year-old businessman and son of a Baptist minister , invested in what the JW Marriott billed as its $ 1 million "  build-your-own-ball " inaugural hotel package . His family 's nonprofit foundation , the Stafford Foundation , is footing the bill for what it is calling the People 's Inaugural Project , but it is also hoping to get money from sponsors . Stafford said Thursday that he hopes the balcony terrace is filled "  with those who are disadvantaged , those who are distressed , mingling with those who are n't so . And we hope to see on their faces a sense of excitement . " "  I was inspired to do this by the Lord . ... It 's not about us but about us helping other people , " he said . At least third of the tickets to the event will go toward people who are needy or underprivileged , and the rest of those participating could be people from sponsoring foundations , companies or volunteers . Everything , he said , will be taken care of : transportation , evening gowns and tuxedos for the ball . He hopes that providing a front row seat to history will inspire those invited to do good things in their communities . Stafford said he began thinking about the project in March . He voted for Barack Obama , and records show he contributed $ 4,600 to the Democrat 's campaign , according to the Washington Post . Stafford , a retired Air Force officer , noted that he does not agree with all of Obama 's positions . But , he told the paper , he decided the inauguration would be "  a transition in history , if you will ... and everyone should be included . " CNN 's Samantha Hayes and Rebecca Sinderbrand contributed to this report .	Earl Stafford paid $ 1 million so needy could see inauguration Packages for some inaugural events going for hundreds of dollars Stafford said his effort was rooted in his faith , good fortune Package offered by JW Marriott billed as "  build-your-own-ball "
EW  -- It 's never too early to make movie plans . Especially when you 're a studio with a billion-dollar franchise at stake . Twentieth Century Fox , which has only recently cast its new "  Fantastic Four " and has another "  X-Men " movie out this summer , has announced release dates for "  Fantastic Four II , " the next "  Wolverine " standalone â $ " and a mystery third Marvel film . The rebooted "  Fantastic Four , " with Michael B. Jordan , Kate Mara , Jamie Bell , and Miles Teller reportedly aboard , is scheduled for June 19 , 2015 , but Fox has already penciled in a sequel for July 14 , 2017 . Meanwhile , Hugh Jackman 's "  Wolverine , " who stars in this May 's "  X-Men : Days of Future Past , " will return in another standalone movie , targeted for March 3 , 2017 . His last solo effort , 2013â $ ² s "  The Wolverine , " grossed $ 414.8 million globally . ` Fantastic Four ' casting : Fox zeroes in on its final 4 That film 's director , James Mangold , is attached to the next sequel as well .  Another "  X-Men " all-star movie , "  X-Men : Apocalypse , " will open May 27 , 2016 . Fox will deliver another Marvel film on July 13 , 2018 , but the studio has n't yet announced which superhero will be suiting up . Since Fox owns only "  X-Men " and "  Fantastic Four , " there 's speculation that the film could be either a crossover or another standalone for a main character from one of those franchises . In other Fox release-date news , Matthew Vaughn 's "  The Secret Service " has been bumped up from March 6 , 2015 to October 24 of this year , swapping dates with an untitled Vince Vaughn movie . ` X-Men : Apocalypse ' : Bryan Singer teases new film ` will address mutant origins ' Daniel Radcliffe 's "  Frankenstein " is moving from January 16 , 2015 , to October 2 , 2015 . Liam Neeson 's "  Taken 3 " will open January 9 , 2016 -- right in the heart of Neeson Season ! Fox is also counting on a still-unspecified Ridley Scott movie for a March 4 , 2016 release date . Studios like to stake out prime release-date real estate years in advance for their biggest blockbusters , to best protect their properties and theoretically maximize the industry 's box-office by preventing costly head-to-head showdowns . It does n't always work : "  Captain America 3 " is currently on a collision course with "  Batman Vs. Superman " on May 6 , 2016 . See the original story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Twentieth Century Fox has set release dates for "  Fantastic Four II " and the next "  Wolverine " There 's also a release date set for a mystery third Marvel film The rebooted "  Fantastic Four " will arrive in 2015 , with the sequel set for 2017
CNN  Richard Glatzer , who directed a powerful film about a professor battling Alzheimer 's as he faced his own harrowing health struggles , has died . Glatzer died in Los Angeles on Tuesday after having ALS for four years , his publicist said . He was 63 . Glatzer co-directed "  Still Alice " with his husband , Wash Westmoreland . The 2014 film earned a number of major awards for its lead actress , Julianne Moore . Directing the movie was a challenge that Glatzer embraced , even as he faced a growing number of health obstacles after his ALS diagnosis in 2011 . "  On set , he inspired the cast and crew with his perseverance ,  co-directing  the film by typing with one finger into a text-to-speech app on his iPad , " his publicist 's statement said . In a Twitter post Wednesday , Westmoreland said he was devastated . "  Richard was my soul mate , my collaborator , my life , " he said . "  A true artist and a brilliant man . " Opinion : Why ` Still Alice ' is about you When she accepted her Academy Award for best actress last month for her role in the film , Moore noted Glatzer 's absence . "  Finally , to our filmmakers , Wash Westmoreland and Richard Glatzer , who had hoped to be here tonight , but they ca n't because of Richard 's health , " she said . "  When Richard was diagnosed with ALS , Wash asked him what he wanted to do . Did he want to travel ? Did he want to see the world ? He said he wanted to make movies . And that 's what he did . " People we 've lost in 2015 CNN 's Topher Gauk-Roger contributed to this report .	Richard Glatzer , who co-directed "  Still Alice , " has died He had been battling ALS for four years
