About 4.7 million Graco and Century-branded strollers are being recalled after its maker received reports of 10 full or partial fingertip amputations and one laceration , federal officials said Thursday . Eleven models of strollers have a folding hinge on the side that "  can pinch a child 's finger , posing a laceration or amputation hazard , " officials said . Caregivers are being advised to show "  extreme care when unfolding the stroller to be certain that the hinges are firmly locked before placing a child in the stroller , " the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission said . "  Caregivers are advised to immediately remove the child from a stroller that begins to fold to keep their fingers from the side hinge area , " the agency said . Atlanta-based Graco Children 's Products received six reports of fingertip amputation , four reports of partial-fingertip amputation and one finger laceration , the product safety agency said . The firm manufactured the strollers in China and will be providing a free repair kit beginning in December . About 202,000 strollers were also sold in Canada , and about 10,300 more were sold in Mexico , the federal agency said . Graco said its recall is voluntary . "  Over the past 60 years , safety has been and will continue to be the priority at Graco , " the firm said on its website . "  As part of our continuous effort to provide quality and safe products , Graco identified that select stroller models , including some of our LiteRider models that were sold before the updated hinge was available , have folding hinges that could in rare circumstances have the potential to pinch a child 's finger , posing a laceration or amputation hazard . " The recalled models are Aspen , Breeze , Capri , Cirrus , Glider , Kite , LiteRider , Sierra , Solara , Sterling and TravelMate model strollers and travel systems . The models bear a manufacture date from August 1 , 2000 , to September 25 , 2014 , and were sold at Target , Toys R Us , Walmart and other retail stores nationwide and online . The prices were $ 40 to $ 70 for the strollers and $ 140 to $ 170 for the travel systems .	Graco Children 's Products receives 11 reports of fingertip amputations , other injuries The strollers have a folding hinge that can pinch a child 's finger and even sever tip "  Safety has been and will continue to be the priority at Graco , " firm says
Ahead of a grand jury 's decision on whether to indict a police officer in the killing of Michael Brown , Missouri has both called in the National Guard and diminished the role of the Ferguson Police Department . Missouri Gov. Jay Nixon declared a state of emergency Monday as a precaution , he said , in the event of unrest or violence . It 's unknown when the grand jury will hand down a decision on whether to indict Ferguson Police Officer Darren Wilson for his fatal shooting of Brown , a teen . Prosecutors have suggested the grand jury would be done deliberating in mid - to late November . At the national level , the FBI last week issued a bulletin to law enforcement urging vigilance in the days before the Ferguson grand jury decision , according to a law enforcement official . The bulletin did not cite any specific intelligence to suggest there was any ongoing threat to officers . It was based on what had occurred during previous protests . The bulletin expressed concern over possible violence relating to Ferguson protests and warning officers to be vigilant . In addition , it also mentioned that officers should take proper precautions and be vigilant over possible hacking of their personal information , the law enforcement official said . ` Possibility of expanded unrest ' Nixon said he signed the executive order because of the "  possibility of expanded unrest . " Nixon said people have the right to protest peacefully but that citizens and businesses must be protected from violence and damage . St. Louis Mayor Francis Slay said the governor 's plan will bring National Guard troops to St. Louis County , where Ferguson is located , but he said their role is designed to be secondary to local law enforcement . As Missouri prepared to deploy the troops -- officials did not say how many -- the role of the Ferguson Police Department in the case of unrest in that city will be reduced . It 's her Ferguson -- and it 's not all black and white In the event of unrest in Ferguson , that city 's police will not be at the forefront of a response , Nixon said in a teleconference with reporters . The St. Louis County Police Department will lead any response , and they will be the ones coordinating with the National Guard , if needed . The governor expects the role of Ferguson officers will be to handle routine calls not related to protests or unrest . Brown , a black teen , was fatally shot by Wilson , a white police officer , on August 9 . The grand jury is weighing whether to indict Wilson . Share your view from Ferguson ` That ugliness ... can not be repeated ' "  In the days immediately following Michael Brown 's death , peaceful protests were marred by senseless acts of violence and destruction , " the governor said last week . "  That ugliness was not representative of Missouri , and it can not be repeated , " said Nixon . The state of emergency will expire in 30 days unless extended by another order . Slay said the exact positions of the National Guard troops has not been decided , but he said the troops will "  not be on the front lines , confronting protesters . " They will play a secondary role , he said , and will be partnered with local law enforcement anywhere they are posted . While Slay emphasized the back-up role of the National Guard , he said he agreed with the governor 's decision to declare a state of emergency . The troops are needed for visibility and deterrence , Slay said . There are too many unknowns about what the grand jury decision might be and how the public may react , he said . Slay said it makes sense to be prepared in case there is violence . The governor said the goal is to keep citizens safe while protecting people 's right to protest . Complete coverage on Ferguson	FBI issues bulletin , urges law enforcement to be vigilant , source says Gov. Jay Nixon says Ferguson Police will have reduced role if there is unrest Michael Brown , a black teen , was fatally shot by Darren Wilson , a white officer A grand jury is weighing whether to indict Wilson
CNN  -- Ariel Castro used the promise of a puppy to lure Michelle Knight into the Cleveland home where he held her hostage for 11 years . "  He tells me , ` Just come in for a little while . The puppies are upstairs . You can take one home to your son , ' " Knight said in an interview broadcast Tuesday on the syndicated "  Dr. Phil " talk show . But she soon realized there were no puppies inside Castro 's home . And it was n't long , Knight said , before he trapped her in an upstairs room and tied her up with an extension cord . From there , he took her down into the basement about 24 hours later , she said . It was the beginning of more than a decade of torture , rape , starvation and beatings for Knight . The hope of seeing her son again , she said , inspired her fight to survive . "  I want my son to know me as a victor , not a victim , " Knight told host Dr. Phil McGraw . "  And I wanted him to know that I survived , loving him . His love got me through . " Castro lured Knight into his vehicle from a Family Dollar store in Cleveland in 2002 , promising to give her a ride . She was the first of three women he would capture and imprison in his home for about a decade . They were freed in May after one of the women , Amanda Berry , called out to neighbors for help . In August , Castro was sentenced to life in prison plus 1,000 years after he pleaded guilty to 937 counts , including murder and kidnapping . He committed suicide in his prison cell in September . Knight , Berry and the third woman , Gina DeJesus , have since been trying to readjust to life as free women . Knight , whose disappearance generated the least public notice of the three , has been the most outspoken . "  After 11 years , I am finally being heard , and it 's liberating , " she said in a powerful statement at Castro 's sentencing , describing the abuse she endured . Her interview with "  Dr. Phil , " which began airing Tuesday and is set to continue Wednesday , provides a detailed glimpse into some of the horrors she suffered and her struggle to survive . "  How she continued to put one foot in front of the other during these 11 years is just very humbling . I mean , I said to her during the interview , ` Michelle , I will never complain about another thing the rest of my life , ' " McGraw told CNN 's AC 360 . "  When you realize what she went through , it makes everything else seem so trivial . " ` It 's God 's will if you die ' Knight said she remembered the warning , the one Castro delivered while wrapping a chain around her neck and shackling her to a metal pole in the basement of his Cleveland home . "  Now , if I do it too tight and you do n't make it , that means you was n't meant to stay here . That means God wanted to take you , " Castro said , according to Knight . Knight told McGraw she sometimes spent days in the basement , chained to the pole , unable to lie down and with a motorcycle helmet over her head . The helmet made it hard to breathe , she said , "  and later on I did n't remember a thing 'cause I had passed out . " A photograph of the pole showed white paint had been scraped away . "  That 's where I tried to get out , " Knight said . "  And I could n't pull the pole down because I was n't strong enough . " Knight told McGraw that she did n't always fight back , though , at least not at first . She said she was in shock after being taken and all she could do was cry and beg him to let her go back to her son . Several attempts to escape were met with harsh punishment , she said . "  He took a pipe and he held it ... over my head , and he said , ` If you scream , I 'll ram this down your throat and I 'll kill you , ' " Knight recalled , describing what she said was Castro 's response after she used a pair of pliers and a wire cutter to remove a chain around her neck . "  So I did n't scream . I did n't make a noise . I just laid there . " Knight returns to Cleveland house where she was held for 11 years Other victims Knight , 32 , was 21 years old when she was reported missing in 2002 . Castro , she said , would tell her of his plans to abduct other women and also implied he 'd done it before . She said he showed her an area in the basement where it said , "  Rest in Peace . " "  I begged him not to bring any more there to suffer the hell I went through , " Knight said . But it was n't long before Knight learned that she was n't the only captive . In 2003 , Berry joined her inside the house . At first , she said , they rarely saw each other . "  When we did , it was like a quick hug and ` bye , ' because he would n't let us stay in the same room for that long , " she said . When they were in separate rooms , Knight said , she would blare her television if she saw Berry 's mother on air , to make sure Berry knew to watch . And when she saw Berry , Knight said , she tried to comfort her . "  Sometimes she would cry , and I 'd tell her everything would be OK , and that one day we 'll get home , " Knight told McGraw . "  We just have to , you know , wait it out . " Castro 's main ` punching bag ' Since their release , accounts have depicted Knight as someone who cared for the other victims during their captivity while also enduring great suffering herself . A family friend of one of the victims said this year that Castro used Knight as his main "  punching bag . " The friend said Castro hit Knight with a variety of objects , including hand weights . She has suffered vision loss , joint and muscle damage , and other problems from her time in captivity . According to an initial incident report obtained by CNN , Knight said she became pregnant at least five times while in Castro 's home . In the interview with McGraw , Knight said she once watched Castro kill a beloved dog by breaking its neck . She said she was kept nearly naked in a frigid room with windows boarded up . And she said Castro once punched her in the stomach with a barbell when he learned she was pregnant . "  I fell to the floor . ... He said , ` Tomorrow it 'd better be gone . That 's all he said , ' " Knight recalled . "  Then when I did miscarry , he blamed me . He said that I hated him , that I killed his kid , and he punched me in the face , saying that it was all my fault . " A troubled past During Knight 's time in captivity , her case got less media attention than the disappearances of Berry and DeJesus , whose family members posted fliers and held candlelight vigils for them . Knight 's grandmother , Deborah Knight , told The Plain Dealer in May that the family had concluded that Michelle had left of her own accord because she was angry that she had lost custody of her then-2-year-old son . That conclusion was supported by police and social workers , she told the newspaper . Knight told McGraw that her son was taken away after her mother 's boyfriend abused him . "  And then they tried to say that I never protected him , and I did , " she said . "  I did all I could do . " She was still trying to do all she could on the day when she was abducted in 2002 , Knight said . She told McGraw she got lost on the way to a meeting with social services to discuss her son 's custody . That 's when she stopped at the dollar store to ask for directions , she said , and when Castro offered her a ride . In the interview , Knight also gave a glimpse into what she described as a troubled childhood before her abduction , which she said was why she did n't want to see her mother after she was released . "  I wished my mother was n't my mother . ... I was n't allowed out . I was n't allowed to have friends . She made sure I was dumber than a doorknob , " she said . In response , her mother , Barbara Knight , issued a statement to the "  Dr. Phil " show . "  Michelle , my daughter , has been the victim of long-term and profound and unspeakable torture . Her point of view has been altered by that monster and what he did to her , " the statement said . "  What I have heard that she said about me breaks my heart . That is because what she now believes , while not true , increases her pain . I love my daughter . I always have and always will . I pray that someday she will heal enough to know that again . " CNN 's Martin Savidge , Pamela Brown and Chelsea J. Carter contributed to this report .	NEW : Dr. Phil : "  When you realize what she went through , it makes everything else seem so trivial " Michelle Knight says hope of seeing her son gave her strength to fight She says she begged captor Ariel Castro not to kidnap others Knight says Castro punched her with a barbell to make her miscarry
CNN  -- An Arizona mother of seven will be back in court on Wednesday as a judge weighs whether she will go free or remain behind bars in Mexico , her family said . It 's a situation Yanira Maldonado 's family said she never imagined when she boarded a bus to head back to the United States last week after attending a family funeral . Now she 's facing drug-smuggling charges after Mexican authorities said they found 12 pounds of marijuana under her bus seat . Her family vehemently denies the charges and accuses authorities of arresting her to get bribe money . A Mexican state official also told CNN it appears that Yanira Maldonado was framed . Anna Soto , Maldonado 's daughter , said it was devastating to see her mom in jail over the weekend . "  She 's an honest woman . She 's innocent . It 's not a place for someone of her kind , " Soto told CNN 's "  Piers Morgan Live " on Tuesday night . "  It hurts just to know that she 's there , to have seen her there . It 's not fair . " Soto said she knows her mother has nothing to do with drugs . "  Never . No . She is not that kind of person . I do n't think she 's ever even tried a cigarette in her life or even drank a beer , " Soto said . "  You know , she 's one of those people that tries to stay away from those kinds of people or those kinds of things . " From a bus seat to a jail cell Mexican authorities arrested Maldonado last Wednesday as she and her husband , Gary , were on their way back to Arizona . During a search of their bus at a military checkpoint in the northwestern Mexican state of Sonora , authorities asked everyone to get off . At first , authorities told Gary Maldonado that marijuana had been found under his seat and arrested him , his father , Larry Maldonado , told CNN . After the father contacted the U.S. Consulate in Hermosillo , Mexico , authorities said they were mistaken and released Gary . Then , they charged his wife . Gary Maldonado said he believes Mexican soldiers at the checkpoint wanted a bribe . "  It 's about getting money here , " he told CNN 's "  Starting Point " on Tuesday . A lengthy court hearing Maldonado 's court hearing had stretched for more than three hours on Tuesday afternoon , said Brandon Klippel , her brother-in-law . Military officers from the checkpoint were scheduled to testify on Wednesday , Klippel said after speaking with family members and a translator who were inside the Mexican courtroom on Tuesday . "  Although we are disappointed to hear that she will not be released today , " he said , "  we are very encouraged by the strong evidence and witnesses proving her innocence . " Gary Maldonado told CNN affiliate KTVK that he was feeling optimistic after Tuesday 's hearing . "  We 're hoping for the best outcome . ... We do n't think they have a case , " he said . The Mexican Embassy in Washington said in a statement that a preliminary decision from the judge was expected soon . Questions about arrest A Sonora state official with extensive knowledge of the case told CNN there are questions about the arrest . "  Can you imagine ? " asked the official , who was not authorized to speak to the media and did not want to be named . "  A passenger by himself or herself would have been unable to carry almost six kilos of marijuana onto a bus without being noticed . She must 've been framed . " A regional office of Mexico 's Defense Ministry said troops conducting a routine investigation stopped the bus Maldonado was riding in and and found 12.5 pounds  5.7 kilograms  of a substance that appeared to be marijuana under her seat . Troops turned the case over to the Mexican attorney general 's office , the defense ministry said . Maldonado is being housed in a women 's prison in Nogales , Mexico , while authorities decide her fate . The Sonora state division of the attorney general 's office said the investigation is ongoing and declined to provide additional information about the case against Maldonado . Her husband was told by authorities that regardless of his wife 's guilt or innocence , he would have to pay $ 5,000 to secure her freedom , the family said . He was able to cobble together the money but then was told it was too late . His wife had been transferred to another jail . Arizona Sen. Jeff Flake is monitoring the case , his office said . "  Senator Flake is personally monitoring the situation , and he has had multiple conversations with the deputy Mexican ambassador this weekend , " Flake 's office said Monday . ` Blind mules ' unknowingly ferry drugs across the U.S.-Mexico border Fear grips family But growing political and media attention toward the case has not lessened the fears of Yanira Maldonado 's family . Family members visiting her over the weekend were told they would have hours to talk , but when they arrived they were given only 10 minutes , Klippel said . "  She was at a wire window with her fingertips up through the holes , touching her son 's hand with one hand and touching her husband 's hand with the other , " Klippel said . "  She was just saying , ' I do n't know how this happened to me . I 've never done anything illegal in my life . Why has this happened ? ' " After Tuesday 's hearing , sister-in-law Veronica Anaya said the family remained very scared and upset . "  The family is very sad , " Anaya told Canal 7 , a local TV station in Nogales . "  They know she 's innocent . She 's the mother of seven children and a decent person . She 's a Christian . This is an injustice . " Mormons reach out While they anxiously await word from Mexico , family members say they 've been turning to their church for strength . The Maldonados are members of a local Mormon ward in Goodyear , Arizona , Klippel said , adding that church leaders at the state and local level have offered spiritual and material support to the family . "  I feel very blessed , and I feel how powerful this network is , " Klippel said . The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints , as the Mormon church is officially known , has long been active in Mexico and other parts of the world , and is famous for its tight and socially active circles . A Facebook page Klippel and his wife founded to support Yanira Maldonado had garnered more than 12,500 members as of Tuesday afternoon , many of whom are fellow Mormons . A number have offered to connect the Maldonados with Mormon leaders in Mexico or media in the United States . Some in the Facebook group said that they are refraining from eating and drinking for a day on the family 's behalf . "  To find out that hundreds if not thousands of people are fasting on behalf of my sister and praying to God that this is over soon is very humbling , " Klippel said . Former marine released from Mexican prison CNN 's Daniel Burke , Stephanie Kotuby , Devna Shukla and Rene Hernandez contributed to this report .	NEW : Daughter : "  She 's an honest woman . She 's innocent . ... It 's not fair " The hearing to decide whether an Arizona mother will be freed continues Wednesday She was on her way back from a family funeral when Mexican authorities arrested her The Mexican military say they found drugs under her seat on the bus she was riding in
As expected , Facebook has launched a Snapchat-like mobile app that lets users trade ephemeral photo - and video-based messages . But that 's not what 's most interesting about it . With the new app , called Slingshot , you ca n't view an incoming message until you respond with a photo or video of your own . That 's right : There can be no passive users on Slingshot , which is basically forcing its community to trade photos and video clips , quid pro quo , like schoolkids exchanging stickers or lunchbox snacks . "  With Slingshot , we wanted to build something where everybody is a creator and nobody is just a spectator , " its creators said Tuesday in a blog post announcing the app . "  When everyone participates , there 's less pressure , more creativity and even the little things in life can turn into awesome shared experiences . " Judging by initial reaction , however , at least some users may find this stricture a little annoying . "  It 's frustrating , not exciting when a friend sends you a shot and you ca n't immediately view it , " wrote Ellis Hamburger in tech-news site The Verge . "  Slingshot is a new and strange example of a messaging app that raises barriers instead of tearing them down , and increases the friction to viewing a friend 's photo instead of reducing it . " In fairness , the app is designed not for sending urgent information -- we have texting or even phone calls for that -- but for exchanging spontaneous moments or snippets of creativity . Facebook said Slingshot is available in the United States , starting Tuesday , on iPhone  iOS7  and Android  Jelly Bean and KitKat  . A spokeswoman said the app will roll out to other countries in the future . Slingshot , which leaked briefly last week before Facebook pulled it offline , is the social networking giant 's latest attempt to compete with Snapchat , a rival messaging app that is popular with teens and young adults . Snapchat is estimated to have more than 30 million users and reportedly turned down a $ 3 billion acquisition offer from Facebook last fall . Facebook later went on to buy WhatsApp , a messaging app that 's especially widespread overseas . Slingshot succeeds Poke , a messaging app that Facebook launched in 2012 and shut down last month after it failed to gain traction with users . Slingshot messages are photo and video only , although users can superimpose bits of text on the images . Like Snapchat  and Poke  , Slingshot messages are n't meant to be saved . They vanish once the user responds to them or swipes them away -- a slight distinction from Snapchat messages , which by default disappear after a few seconds . "  Photos and videos that do n't stick around forever allow for sharing that 's more expressive , raw and spontaneous . We can connect the same way we like to live : in the moment , " Facebook said in its post , which takes the unusual step of crediting its competitor . "  We 've enjoyed using Snapchat to send each other ephemeral messages and expect there to be a variety of apps that explore this new way of sharing , " it said . Unlike Snapchat , Slingshot allows users to send , or "  sling , " messages to multiple friends at once . A push notification will appear when somebody sends you something , but you 'll only see a pixelated image until you respond .	Facebook launches Slingshot , a mobile messaging app for photos , videos Like Snapchat , it lets users trade messages that disappear after a few seconds With Slingshot you ca n't view an incoming message until you respond with your own Slingshot succeeds Poke , a messaging app that Facebook shut down last month
Islamabad , Pakistan  CNN  -- Thirty-six people were killed and dozens were injured in explosions at a market in Lahore , Pakistan , on Monday , an official said . Rizwan Naseer , chief of Lahore 's rescue service , also said 109 people were wounded . The explosions did not appear to be a suicide attack but could instead have been bombs detonated by remote control , Punjab Police Chief Tariq Salim said . The nation 's state-run news agency , Associated Press of Pakistan , said the blasts were the result of "  bomb explosions . " The explosions occurred at Moon Market in the Iqbal Town neighborhood , the news agency said . It cited Iqbal Town Division 's Ali Nasir Rizvi as saying most of the victims were women . Khusro Pervaiz , a senior government official in Lahore , said in a television interview that 60 people had been taken to five Lahore hospitals . The blasts happened around 8:45 p.m. at the popular market , said Rai Nazar Hayat , a spokesman for Lahore police . Earlier , ten people were killed -- including two police officers -- when a suicide bomber detonated outside a district courthouse in Peshawar on Monday , officials said . At least 36 were injured , six of them seriously , said Dr. Hameed Afridi , CEO of the Lady Reading Hospital . The bomber got out of a rickshaw and detonated himself , according to witnesses . The attacker was wearing a suicide jacket with about 6 kilograms of explosives , said Shafqat Malik , head of the North West Frontier Province bomb disposal unit . Peshawar is the capital of the Northwest Frontier Province , where the Pakistani government waged a recent military offense against Taliban militants . Meanwhile , five people were hurt in a bomb attack in Quetta on Monday morning , said Jamil Kakar , a Quetta police official . The explosives were placed in a car and destroyed two other cars and three motorbikes . The courthouse attack comes three days after four militants armed with guns and grenades stormed a mosque in Rawalpindi frequented by military personnel . At least 36 were killed and 75 wounded . Among the dead were 17 children , according to military officials . Also killed were an army general and eight other military officials , six of senior rank . The Pakistani Taliban claimed responsibility for the mosque bombing . The Tehrik-i-Taliban Pakistan reiterated its claim in an e-mail to CNN the next day , after media outlets quoted officials who doubted the group 's participation . "  We reconfirmed it , that the TTP has done it and will do more which are already planned , " the group said in the e-mail . "  We once again mention that we are not against the innocent people and the state of Pakistan but against those officers and ministers who are American by hearts and minds and Pakistani just by faces . " Rawalpindi is the headquarters of the Pakistani army . CNN 's Reza Sayah contributed to this report .	36 dead , dozens hurt following two explosions at market in Lahore Explosions could have been bombs detonated by remote control , police say Ten killed , including two police officers , in suicide attack in Peshawar
MEDELLIN , Colombia  CNN  -- This city 's drug underworld is littered with "  poseurs " -- lowlife triggermen pretending they 're the real hard cases . Samir Romero , wanted by police for two murders , was killed in August . He was shot 13 times . But a longstanding and trusted source , with intimate knowledge of Medellin 's violent subculture , assured me the two men I was about to meet were the real deal . My destination : a single-story home in the city 's notorious "  Commune 13 " district where I had set up a meeting with two hit men , who have for years hired their lethal services out to the cocaine cartels . Inside the house , a man called "  Red " sat on a couch toying a fully loaded 9mm Ruger pistol . "  This will stop somebody nicely , " he said , as I glanced at it . His face and arms were covered in burn marks . He said it was a testament of the day a barrel of acid spilled onto him as he was working in a clandestine cocaine processing lab in northern Colombia . Red explained that after the accident , the lab foreman tossed him out , half-dead , into a jungle clearing . What little strength he had left , he said he used to bat away vultures . And , against the odds , he made his way to safety and slowly recovered . When Red left the clinic months later , he said he went straight back to the drug lab and gunned down the foreman and three of his henchmen . That was n't his first killing though , he told me . When he was just 11 years old , Red recounted , he took a razor to the throat of a neighborhood drug pusher who had been molesting his little sister . The other man , "  C " , sat quietly as I listened to Red . Like Red , my source told me , "  C " was also the so-called "  chief " of a number of neighborhoods -- running local drug-peddling operations , extortion rackets and organizing hits for a big cartel boss he simply referred to as "  El Cucho , " or "  The Old Man . " It was a hot morning and he was shirtless . His chest was branded with a tattoo of the Virgin Maria Auxilatrix , known in Colombia as the "  Virgin of the Assassins . " Hitmen , or "  sicarios " as they call them here , revere her and pray to her for protection against arrest or death and for help to carry out their killings . Watch as Medellin law enforcement moves from killing to killing " During our time with the hit men they offered a fascinating insight into their violent world -- from how much they get paid to what their mothers think of their lifestyle : Penhaul : Why are Medellin 's drug bosses and the street gangs in a war right now ? "  RED " : "  These problems come about because they 're looking for a good man to run things . We have to find him and , in order to find him , what 's happening right now has to run its course . " "  C " : "  Medellin has exploded right now because different groups want to control it and earn money and gain territory . The authorities locked up , extradited , or cut cooperation deals with the big guys , the ones who controlled all this . Those were the ones people respected . Now there 's no respect and anybody who has a bunch of money is grabbing a few kids from a poor neighborhood and putting them to work . " Penhaul : What are the cartel bosses paying for a contract killing now ? "  C " : "  If you 're talking about a contract hit then right now you can get four or five million pesos  between US$ 2,000 and $ 2,500  to kill some idiot slimeball . Then of course there are bigger hits where you can earn 15  million  or 20 million  between $ 7,500 and $ 10,000  . Some of those hits pay pretty well . There 's a lot of people around here with a lot of money and they 're using it for bad things . Sometimes even the politicians will pay for a hit to get somebody out of their way . " Penhaul : Why did you get into this lifestyle ? "  Red " : "  People need to eat and there 's a lot of hunger . We do n't just want the crumbs . That 's the big problem . There 's a lot of idle hands around here and many people think they have a chance if they have a gun in their hand . " "  C " : "  I grew up in a slum and every time I stepped outside the door there were guys from the local gang smoking  marijuana  joints . They had guns , the best motorbikes and money so I started running errands for them . " Penhaul : Did n't you have any big dreams when you were kids ? "  Red " : "  I always said when I grow up I would build a house for my old lady with a cement roof and plaster and paint on the walls . I dreamed I 'd be able to give her money to go to the supermarket every week . " "  C " : "  I dreamed of being a professional soccer player . I was pretty good . But I never got the chance . " Penhaul : Do you think you 've made your mothers proud by killing people ? "  Red " : "  I once gave my mum a wad of cash after I did a job . She took the wad and slapped me in the face and told me not to bring that cursed money into the house . She begged me to get out of that life . She was afraid they would kill me . " "  C " : "  My mum knows nothing about this . I guess she imagines because she tells me to take care otherwise I 'll wind up dead . But she does n't know for sure . " Penhaul : What did your first contract hit feel like ? "  Red " : "  You kill the first one and you panic for a few days . You 're nervous . But then you kill the second one and that 's a kind of a medicine . It takes the pain away that you were feeling after the first killing . " "  C " : "  The first time is really f *** ed up . I nearly went mad . You see a cop and think he 's going to arrest you . I was 16 or 17 . That was my first time . I hardly even wanted to eat . But then you carry on and kill this one and that one . You earn money . After I killed somebody the first time I bought my first decent pair of sneakers . "  It 's not so tough now . Sometimes you kill somebody and you know they were going to kill you . It 's not a question of conscience . It 's a question of kill or be killed . " Penhaul : Do n't you feel any remorse ? "  C " : You know you messed up when you go to the wake and see people crying and you know it 's your fault . But I do n't back down from a killing because I know if somebody comes after me they wo n't back down . " "  Red " : "  I 've got feelings and sometimes you sit down and think what a shame . But the person who 's trying to shoot you is n't going to think the same . You 're not killing somebody for the fun of it . If you do n't mark your territory then you 're a nobody . " Penhaul : So , apart from the money , why do you do it ? "  C " : "  To gain respect round here you have to be a mother f *** er . You 've got to be a bastard so people respect you . If you 're quiet and respectful everybody takes advantage . But if they know you 're a mother f *** er who 'll bust their ass at the first sign of trouble then they respect you and your family . " Penhaul : Are you killing innocent people ? "  C " : "  I never kill somebody who does n't deserve it . Sometimes I 'll hunt down a "  patient " for a week just so that I do n't make any mistakes . You ca n't go and kill somebody just because you want to . You have to ask for permission from the big guys who control us . You explain to the "  old man " and he gives the final word . " Penhaul : Are you ever on the receiving end of bullets ? "  Red " : "  They once shot me four times at point blank range . I heard them laughing as they walked away and one came back and kicked me in the head for good measure . When I got better he was the first one I killed . I 've been shot 17 times . Well let 's call it 19 if you count the ones that just graze you . They say some bodies have divine protection . Let 's hope mine is one of them . " Penhaul : Why do n't normal citizens just turn you in ? Because they 're afraid ? "  C " : "  The community collaborates with us . We give them food parcels and we throw parties for them and give toys to the kids . We do n't mistreat everybody , just the ones who deserve it . We do n't kill innocent people . " Penhaul : Do you want to get out of this life ? "  C " : "  I know you should pay what you owe . But I do n't want to pay for all those deaths . I 'll be absolutely f *** ed if I have to pay . I want to get out of this but I want a clean slate . If I pay my debt to the law then that means jail and if I pay on the street then that means death . I do n't want to go to jail or to die . " Penhaul : Do you see any quick end to the current cartel violence in Medellin ? "  C " : "  We 've survived one war , then another and now this one . I ca n't see it all ending . I do n't think that will happen . If you kill two or three people there 's four or five more behind him who want to kill you . "	Colombian hitmen talk about their careers to CNN One says a kill costs between $ 2,000 and $ 10,000 Second hitman : After the first kill you panic , the second is a medicine They live in Medellin , the Colombian city in the middle of a drug war
CNN  -- The widow of a victim killed in last year 's Colorado movie theater shooting is suing the accused gunman 's psychiatrist and the university where she works . The psychiatrist should have advised police to apprehend suspect James Holmes weeks before the theater rampage , Chantel Blunk said in a civil lawsuit filed in federal court . Blunk 's 26-year-old husband , Jonathan , was one of 12 people slain in the July 20 shooting . Dr. Lynne Fenton , the psychiatrist who works at the University of Colorado and saw Holmes as a patient , "  knew that James Holmes was dangerous " and "  had a duty to use reasonable care to protect the public at large from James Holmes , " according to the lawsuit . An attorney representing Fenton could not be immediately reached for comment Tuesday . Jacque Montgomery , a spokeswoman for the University of Colorado Denver , said officials there were aware of the lawsuit and had received notice that 11 others could be filed . Report : Holmes ' psychiatrist reported behavior to colleagues "  The University of Colorado Denver has nothing but sympathy for the victims of the Aurora Theater Shooting and their families , but in our initial review of this case , the University believes this lawsuit is not well-founded legally or factually , " Montgomery said in a written statement . On June 11 -- more than five weeks before the shooting -- Holmes told Fenton that "  he fantasized about killing a lot of people , " the lawsuit says . But according to the lawsuit , when a police officer asked whether Holmes should be placed on a psychiatric hold for 72 hours , Fenton "  rejected the idea . " The lawsuit accuses Fenton of negligence and said the university is also liable . In August , Fenton testified in court that her contact with Holmes ended on July 11 . She said she later contacted campus police because she was "  so concerned " about what happened during her last meeting with him , but she declined to detail what bothered her . Holmes , a 25-year-old former doctoral student in neuroscience , faces 166 charges , including murder , attempted murder and weapons offenses , tied to the rampage during a screening of "  Batman : The Dark Knight Rises . " His interactions with Fenton before the shooting have come up several times during court proceedings . Just nine minutes before he burst into the suburban mall movie theater , Holmes tried to call Fenton but failed to reach her , prosecutors have said . In September , a judge ruled that a notebook mailed to Fenton would not be accessible to prosecutors . Last week the judge overseeing Holmes 's case agreed to delay an arraignment in the case to allow defense lawyers more time to pore over 30,000 pages of evidence and hundreds of DVDs and CDs . The arraignment -- a formal reading of charges by the court and , frequently , the entering of a plea by the defendant -- had been scheduled for Friday after Judge William Sylvester ruled Thursday that prosecutors had provided sufficient evidence in the preliminary hearing for the case to proceed to trial . Sylvester said he was concerned Holmes 's case could be appealed if he moved too quickly with the arraignment . During that step , now scheduled for March 12 , the list of charges against Holmes will be read , and he will have an opportunity to enter a plea , Arapahoe County District Attorney George Brauchler told reporters . CNN 's Ashley Fantz , Jim Spellman and Casey Wian contributed to this report .	A civil lawsuit accuses psychiatrist who treated shooting suspect of negligence Dr. Lynne Fenton should have alerted police about James Holmes , suit says A University of Colorado spokeswoman says the lawsuit "  is not well-founded legally "
One year ago , a Tunisian street vendor set himself on fire , igniting a storm of protest that toppled his country 's oppressive government in less than a month . The anger swiftly spread , as activists and bloggers , organizing through social media platforms like Twitter , Facebook and YouTube , set off a season of revolution that is still shaking the Arab world . Yet as the first anniversary of that event approaches , a new threat to digital activism is looming -- in the United States . On Thursday the House of Representatives is expected to vote on the Stop Online Piracy Act , which would force social media platforms to pro-actively monitor and censor users to prevent them from posting words or images that might violate copyright . Website operators who fail to do so could be blacklisted and prosecuted . The bill and its Senate counterpart , the Protect IP Act , would empower the attorney general to block allegedly infringing websites based anywhere on Earth . The drafters of both bills do not mean to stifle online dissent and activism . Their goal is to protect intellectual property , especially from piracy by websites overseas . The problem is that the bills ' legal and technical solutions are very similar to mechanisms that authoritarian regimes use to censor and spy on their citizens . Our organization , Global Voices Online , is an international network for citizen media . We support the protection of intellectual property ; many members of our community earn all or part of their living by creating copyrighted work . We worry , though , that the Stop Online Piracy Act and Protect IP Act will inflict broad unintended damage on digital activists living under repressive regimes as well as restrict speech freedoms at home . Even existing copyright law is abused in attempts to stifle criticism and public debate . Take the case of Trevor Eckhart , a security researcher who wrote a critical blog post last month about a little-known software program called Carrier IQ , which runs on millions of smartphones and logs information about users ' activities . Rather than address Eckhart 's claims , Carrier IQ responded with legal threats , accusing him of copyright violation because his analysis included copies of its manuals , even though the manuals were publicly available on the company 's own website . After the nonprofit Electronic Frontier Foundation came to Eckhart 's defense , the company withdrew its threats and apologized . If the Stop Online Piracy Act becomes law , online speech like Eckart 's will be more vulnerable to censorship . Those seeking to abuse copyright law to stifle criticism will be further empowered . To comply with the Stop Online Piracy Act , Eckart 's service provider would have had to actively monitor what he was posting to prevent him from violating copyright . If there is doubt about whether a post is or is n't "  infringing , " website operators will be under pressure to avoid legal problems just by blocking or deleting it -- even if there is a good chance a court of law would eventually rule that it is protected speech . In countries whose judicial systems are less independent and where legal defense for bloggers is rare , abuse of copyright law to stifle activism is much easier . The Russian government last year used a crackdown on software piracy as an excuse to confiscate activists ' computers . The Chinese government used copyright claims to crack down on critics of the 2008 Beijing Olympics who sometimes used modified images of the Olympic mascots in their critiques . "  In China ` copyright ' is one of many excuses to crack down on political movements , " a Chinese blogger , Isaac Mao , told us . "  If a new law like SOPA is introduced in the U.S. , the Chinese government and official media will use it to support their version of ` anti-piracy . ' " Amendments could narrow or eliminate some of the bills ' most dangerous features . Congress could pass a better , though still problematic , bill . Yet even these efforts fail to address the deeper problem : that some members of Congress are seeking to regulate the global Internet for the benefit of the U.S. entertainment industry . At the same time , members of both parties in the House and Senate  including some sponsors of both bills  have expressed impassioned support for global Internet freedom , sometimes chastising the executive branch for not doing enough . Last week Rep. Christopher Smith , R-New Jersey , introduced a new version of the Global Online Freedom Act , which aims to punish companies that sell censorship and surveillance equipment to authoritarian regimes or support the suppression of online dissent around the world . In recent years , Congress has repeatedly allocated funds for tools that help Internet users get around those surveillance regimes . It is thus only reasonable to expect that Internet-related legislation should be consistent with Congress ' repeated commitment to uphold and protect rights of Internet users globally . Contributors to Global Voices on all continents face increasingly sophisticated surveillance and censorship . Several are in jail right now because of their online activities , and others are in exile . Passage of the Stop Online Piracy Act or Protect IP will send a loud signal to governments everywhere that it is fine to monitor and censor citizens ' online behavior to catch and prevent "  infringing activity , " which too often means political and religious dissent . The result will be a world even more dangerous and difficult for bloggers and activists than it already is .	Ivan Sigal and Rebecca MacKinnon say Congress is mulling bills to stop online piracy Laws would make social media platforms proactively police for copyright violations , they say They say drafters mean to protect copyright , but effect will be to stifle dissent Writers : Laws should reflect Congress ' stated aim to protect rights of Internet users globally
Washington  CNN  -- A compromise bill to provide free medical treatment and compensation to first responders of the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attack won final approval Wednesday from the House and Senate , sending it to President Barack Obama to be signed into law . The bill passed on a voice vote in the Senate , and then on a 206-60 vote in the House on the final day of the lame-duck session of Congress . Jubilant Democrats hailed the last-minute approval as a $ 4.2 billion triumph for firefighters , police officers and other emergency personnel who put themselves in harm 's way to help others in the aftermath of the 2001 terrorist attack . Even though the vote was kept open for more than an hour , 168 House members did not participate . Missing were 89 Republicans , including incoming Speaker John Boehner , and 79 Democrats . Still , there was a quorum -- a simple majority of 435 House members -- to vote on the bill . Many House members also were absent Tuesday . Some likely went home for the holidays after the earlier funding votes , while others were members who are retiring or lost re-election bids . The vote was the last by the House for the year , as it later adjourned until January 5 , when a new Congress will be sworn in and Boehner takes the speaker 's gavel . Outgoing Speaker Nancy Pelosi , who presided over the chamber for the conclusion of Wednesday 's vote , said the discussion was "  about holy and sacred ground . " New York Sen. Chuck Schumer , who acknowledged that approval of the bill was in doubt until a few hours before the vote , called it a "  great day " for the nation -- and especially for first responders sickened by exposure to toxic pollution from the collapse of the World Trade Center towers , because now they know their country will take care of them . In New York , outgoing Democratic Gov. David Paterson said the bill "  will provide much-needed funds for medical treatment to the rescue workers and residents of New York City who suffered illnesses from breathing in toxic fumes , dust and smoke from ground zero . " He said it also reopens the victims ' compensation fund for rescue workers who were hurt as a result of the attacks . Mayor Michael Bloomberg said the Senate 's approval of the bill "  affirms our nation 's commitment to protecting those who protect us all , " and some of those first responders also welcomed the development but questioned why it took so long . Kenny Specht , a former New York firefighter suffering from thyroid cancer , described his first exposure to Washington politics as a "  baptism by fire . " "  It was a lot of time and a lot of effort and it 's a little disappointing to see something like this only now receive the bipartisan support that it should have received from the beginning , " Specht said . Negotiations Wednesday morning involving Schumer and fellow Democratic Sen. Kirsten Gillibrand of New York with Republican Sens. Tom Coburn of Oklahoma and Mike Enzi of Wyoming led to a deal that reduced the cost of the bill by $ 2 billion and made other changes sought by GOP opponents , according to statements by the participants . "  The Christmas Miracle we 've been looking for has arrived , " said a statement issued by Schumer and Gillibrand , adding : "  We are pleased to announce that we crafted an agreement that will allow this legislation to pass the Senate , and the House , this afternoon . We thank our Republican friends for coming together to fulfill America 's moral obligation to the heroes of 9/11 . " Coburn , a conservative who led the opposition to the bill , said the agreement produced a better piece of legislation . "  Every American recognizes the heroism of the 9/11 first responders , but it is not compassionate to help one group while robbing future generations of opportunity , " said Coburn , who had demanded that the cost of the bill be lowered and fully paid for . "  I 'm pleased this agreement strikes a fair balance and improves the bill the majority attempted to rush through at the last minute . " According to Coburn , the agreement reduces the overall cost of the bill by $ 2 billion to a total of $ 4.2 billion over a 10-year period . His statement said that $ 1.5 billion of the cost goes for health benefits and $ 2.7 billion will pay for compensation for health problems of emergency responders . The agreement also caps attorneys ' fees at 10 percent of any total compensation award , and includes potential limits on compensation for individuals who already have received workers compensation for injuries due to the 9/11 response , the Coburn statement said . Democrats previously agreed to pay for the bill with fees collected on various services involving foreign countries and foreign visitors . On Tuesday , Schumer said it appeared the bill would come up for a Senate vote once lawmakers voted on New START , a nuclear arms control pact with Russia that is one of Obama 's top foreign policy priorities . Both votes occurred Wednesday afternoon . The James Zadroga 9/11 Health Bill is named after a deceased New York Police Department detective who had worked in the toxic plume at ground zero . The House earlier passed the previous version of the bill on a mostly partisan 268-160 vote . According to the bill 's supporters , it is funded by a procurement fee on some foreign countries that trade with the United States , the continuation of a fee on some travelers to the United States and a fee on visas for some companies . The version being negotiated by the senators Wednesday drops some of those funding sources . On Tuesday , a group of 9/11 first responders joined lawmakers in Washington to urge the Senate to pass the health care bill . "  We continue to see our friends die on a day-to-day basis , " said Glen Klein , a New York police officer who said he is sick with lung disease . "  We 're asking for the right to live . " In the years following the attacks , health experts have noted respiratory and mental health conditions , such as post-traumatic stress disorder , in those who engaged in ground zero rescue and cleanup efforts . CNN 's Tom Cohen , Deidre Walsh and Jesse Solomon contributed to this report .	NEW : 168 members of the House did not vote The House passes the bill , sending it to President Obama Sen. Charles Schumer hails passage as a "  great day " for America The bill provides free treatment for health issues from working at ground zero
Washington  CNN  -- The message from President John F. Kennedy 's January 20 , 1961 , inaugural address has withstood the test of time , but not the elements at his grave site at Arlington National Cemetery . To remedy that , workers Thursday began to restore the legibility of the inscription on a granite wall near Kennedy 's tomb . "  Ask not what your country can do for you -- ask what you can do for your country , " it reads in part . Generations of Americans and international visitors have thronged to Kennedy 's grave and eternal flame , which lie on the slope beneath the Custis-Lee Mansion . Words from other Kennedy speeches also are on the wall , which was erected in 1965 . The original engraving was done by master stone mason John Everett Benson , who was on hand Thursday to advise workers . The project is being underwritten by the Knights of Columbus . Kennedy , the first Catholic president , was a member of the Catholic fraternal organization from 1946 until his assassination in November 1963 . The restoration work is being done by Gordon Ponsford , the Knights of Columbus said . The work will take about a week and will cost less than $ 10,000 , said Knights spokesman Patrick Korten . The group noticed the weathering in August after members walked to the site after a wreath-laying ceremony at the Tomb of the Unknowns . "  We all looked at the wall and we could not read it , " said Korten . The organization also is sponsoring a high school essay contest to mark the 50th anniversary of Kennedy 's inaugural address . CNN 's Phil Gast contributed to this report .	John F. Kennedy delivered famous inaugural address in January 1961 He asked Americans to serve their country Inscription at his Arlington grave site is being restored
CNN  -- Brazil 's Olympic swimming champion Cesar Cielo is free to compete in this year 's world championships after escaping a drugs ban . Cielo , who won the 50m freestyle at the 2008 Beijing Games , was cleared by a special tribunal of the Court of Arbitration of Sport sitting in Shanghai where the worlds are being held . Cielo and teammates Nicholas dos Santos and Henrique Barbosa were given warnings after testing positive for a banned diuretic . But another swimmer on the Brazilian squad , Vinicius Waked , was banned for a year because it was his second violation for drugs offences . The CAS tribunal dismissed an appeal by world swimming 's governing body FINA , who wanted stiffer punishments . It followed a six-hour hearing Wednesday at which Cielo appeared to give evidence . The quartet tested positive for Furosemide , which can act as a masking agent for other banned drugs , at a meeting back in May . They claimed that a caffeine supplement had been contaminated to bring about the failed drugs test . The decision to clear Cielo is a major boost for the world swimming championships where he is set to be a big attraction . But it drew criticism in some quarters and triple world champion Roland Schoeman wrote on his Twitter blog : "  FINA and the CAS have done a great disservice to the world of swimming & set a dangerous precedent . " Cielo is reigning world champion over 50m and 100m , breaking the championship record in the shorter sprint and setting a new world mark of 46.91 seconds in the 100 in Rome two years ago . The 24-year-old is also the holder of the world record in the 50m , setting a record of 20.91 in Sao Paulo in December 2009 . American Michael Phelps , who won a record eight golds at the Beijing Olympics , returns to China for the competition and could swim up to seven events as he builds up to London 2012 .	Brazil 's Olympic swimming champion Cesar Cielo escapes drugs ban Special panel of Court of Arbitration of Sport gives Cielo a warning Cielo can defend his 50 and 100m freestyle titles at Shanghai worlds Cielo and three other teammates tested positive for banned diuretic
CNN  -- Twenty milligrams ; that 's the average amount of carbon emissions generated from the time it took you to read the first two words of this article . How green is your website ? Calculating all the factors involved in a website can be tricky . Now , depending on how quickly you read , around 80 , perhaps even 100 milligrams of C02 have been released . And in the several minutes it will take you to get to the end of this story , the number of milligrams of greenhouse gas emitted could be several thousand , if not more . This may not seem like a lot : "  But in aggregate , if you consider all the people visiting a web site and then all the seconds that each of them spends on it , it turns out to be a large number , " says Dr. Alexander Wissner-Gross , an Environmental Fellow at Harvard University who studies the environmental impact of computing . Wissner-Gross estimates every second someone spends browsing a simple web site generates roughly 20 milligrams of C02 . Whether downloading a song , sending an email or streaming a video , almost every single activity that takes place in the virtual environment has an impact on the real one . As millions more go online each year some researchers say the need to create a green Internet ecosystem is not only imperative but also urgent . "  It is part of the whole sustainability picture , " Chris Large , head of research and development at UK-based Climate Action Group , told CNN . "  Scientists are saying to us that we have 10 years to take some serious action to avoid the most catastrophic effects of climate change so taking some sort of initiative is absolutely vital . " A number of studies have highlighted the growing energy demands of computers . A 2007 report from research firm Gartner , for example , estimates the manufacturing , use and disposal of information and communications technology generates about two percent of the world 's greenhouse gases -- similar to the level produced by the entire aviation industry . Watch the report on efforts to turn tech green " Anti-virus software firm McAfee reports that the electricity needed just to transmit the trillions of spam emails sent annually equals the amount required to power over two million homes in the United States while producing the same level of greenhouse gas emissions as more than three million cars . "  Most people do n't appreciate that the computer on your desk is contributing to global warming and that if its electricity comes from a coal power plant it produces as much C02 as a sports utility vehicle , " said Bill St. Arnaud of Canarie , a Canada-based internet development organization . "  Some studies estimate the internet will be producing 20 percent of the world 's greenhouse gases in a decade . That is clearly the wrong direction . That is clearly unsustainable , " added St. Arnaud . What do you include when working out IT 's carbon footprint ? Calculating the carbon footprint of the entire web however is not as easy as measuring the greenhouse gas emissions of a car . Data centers -- massive buildings housing hundreds , if not thousands , of power hungry servers storing everything from Facebook photos and YouTube videos to company web sites and personal emails -- are often labeled as the worst offenders when it comes to harming the environment . In 2002 , global data center emissions amounted to 76 million tons of carbon dioxide -- a figure that is likely to more than triple over the next decade , according to a 2008 study by the Climate Group and Global e-Sustainability Initiative  GeSI  . The footprint of network infrastructure , which is responsible for transporting information from data centers to personal computers , mobile phones and other devices , is harder to pinpoint . However the same study estimates fixed broadband accounts for around four million tons of carbon emissions and could account for nearly 50 million tons of emissions by 2020 . The manufacturing , transport and use of personal computers and laptops also has what some say is the most significant impact , producing roughly 200 million tons of emissions in 2002 . As millions of people buy new laptops and computers every year , this figure could triple by the end of the next decade , according to the Climate Group report . And it is also true that , like driving a car compared to taking public transportation , some online activities produce more greenhouse gases than others . More electricity is needed to store , transmit and download a video compared to a simple email , for example . A single search using Google releases 0.2 grams of C02 into the atmosphere , according to Google . "  And what that includes is the energy that we at Google use to be able to receive your search , process it and then send it back to you , " Erik Teetzel , one of Google 's "  green " engineers , told CNN . "  If people are counting things outside the activity that we do , then we do n't have control over that so we do n't factor that into the equation , " said Teetzel . "  We can measure exactly the number of queries that we service and come up with a very accurate estimate and answer from measured results of our actual emissions or energy use per query that we serve . " The drive for energy efficiency Citing competitive reasons , Teetzel declined to divulge Google 's annual power bill , yet he said the internet company has been taking steps to make its main six , five megawatt server farms green as well as the other , smaller data centers it has around the world . It is doing this by using more renewable energy , recycled water and efficient software that requires less electricity to run . "  From a business perspective , it makes sense to get the most what you want to call useful work done using the least amount of resources , " said Teetzel . "  Our energy efficiency efforts really did stem from us making our business more competitive . " A number of other companies are also working to take the various pieces that comprise the infrastructure of the internet in a more sustainable direction . Wissner-Gross of Harvard has a company called C02Stats that enables businesses to monitor and manage the environmental impact of their web sites and then purchase renewable energy certificates based on their sites ' monthly carbon footprint . Netherlands-based Cleanbits lobbies web sites to go green by either by purchasing carbon offsets or switching to green hosting providers , like AISO.net , a solar-powered data center based in California . And , like Google , Yahoo also incorporates renewable power and other efficiency measures in its data centers . However as more of the world joins an age characterized by global flows of information and communication , some say the role the internet plays in making the lives of millions not only more efficient but also environmentally friendly should not be discounted . "  I do n't think we 've done a good deal with articulating the fact that IT is inherently an efficiency tool , " said Teetzel . "  That is why you and I use the internet now to find out a lot of information that would have previously been found by us getting in a car and driving somewhere . " "  It is a little bit unfair to say that you have this huge carbon cost of the IT industry without articulating the fact that in many , many cases it offsets what I would call heavier , more carbon intense activities that we do in our daily lives , " he added . "  Moving electrons is far more efficient than moving atoms . It is actually a paradigm change . "	Every second spent web-browsing generates 20 milligrams of CO2 Estimates that the Internet will produce 20 percent of the world 's GHGs in 10 years Data centers often labeled worst offenders ; many taking steps to reduce emissions ` Ultimately IT is an efficiency tool , better to move electrons than atoms , ' say Google
CNN  -- The race to the South Pole is off -- although the trek still continues for Prince Harry and teams of wounded veterans . Ed Parker , the expedition director of the Virgin Money South Pole Allied Challenge , revealed Saturday that he 'd made the decision to call off the competition among three teams to reach the pole after five days . "  The reason for this is entirely simple -- safety , which remains the core principal of our expeditions , " Parker said in a statement . It was n't bad weather that led to the decision , and Parker even said that "  all three teams were progressing well " over the first five days . Rather , it was the fact that the mission -- especially as a competition -- was putting undue strain on the participants . "  It was becoming evident that there was a higher degree of stress imposed on the team members , due to unprecedented terrain on the plateau , " said Parker , a former British soldier who co-founded Walking With The Wounded in 2010 . Prince Harry -- himself a member of Britain 's armed forces , having served in Afghanistan and elsewhere -- has had a long association with this charity . In several ways , he 's been preparing for this latest mission for a long time . That includes taking part in a Walking With The Wounded expedition to the North Pole -- even plunging into the Arctic Ocean 's freezing waters -- in 2011 before withdrawing to attend his brother William 's wedding . More recently , he traveled to Iceland for training and even spent 24 hours in an industrial freezer in preparation for the South Pole race . Yet , while Harry may be the only royal in Antarctica , he 's hardly the only celebrity . Swedish actor and "  True Blood " star Alexander Skarsgard is an honorary member of the U.S. team , while Dominic West , perhaps best known for his role as McNulty in "  The Wire , " joins veterans wounded in combat from the Commonwealth nations of Canada and Australia . Still , the stars -- and focus of the event -- are the veterans themselves . The three teams of seven participants each represent the United Kingdom , United States and the Commonwealth , which consists of several countries long affiliated with the British empire . The plan was to trek more than 200 miles  322 kilometers  across the sparse continent , in temperatures as low as -35 degrees Celsius  -31 Fahrenheit  . And that 's still the plan ; it 's just that they wo n't be racing . The participants on Sunday are set to resuming the walk , hoping to traverse the 70 remaining miles to the South Pole "  with no stress being placed on the teams ... enabling them all to do this in their own time , " Parker explained . Parker said he expects them all to reach that , by Friday or Saturday of next week , all of them will be at the finish "  celebrating . " CNN 's Pierre Meilhan , Max Foster and Susannah Cullinane contributed to this report .	The Virgin Money South Pole Allied Challenge is nixed , its director says The reason is "  safety , " specifically the "  stressed imposed " on participants Prince Harry , Alexander Skarsgard participate alongside wounded vets They 'll continue to go to the South Pole , but just wo n't be competing
CNN  -- A college degree can be an important gateway to employment , a career and a better standard of living . But a college degree does not equate to someone 's level of intelligence or talent . For those seeking the best workers or leaders , there is a plethora of intelligent , inventive people without degrees who should not be overlooked . Recognizing this does not negate the importance of a college education -- the intellectual knowledge , access to a wide array of subjects and experience gained on a college campus can be transformative . Studies demonstrate clearly that without a college degree , you will likely earn less , be more liable to be unemployed and have fewer opportunities for career advancement . The challenge is that access to college has become more limited . At a time when degrees are so important to income potential , they are going increasingly to privileged and affluent young people . As the 2010 book "  Rewarding Strivers " points out , among those who scored in the highest quartile of a national standardized test , those from affluent families were twice as likely to attend college as those from poorer families . So a lot of talent goes unrecognized and undeveloped . And those without college degrees are n't necessarily less driven or intelligent than those with degrees . Michael Ellsberg , author of "  The Education of Millionaires , " argued in The New York Times recently that the skills of entrepreneurs are not learned "  crouched over a desk studying for multiple-choice exams . " Indeed , years ago Northwestern Mutual Life Insurance created a research-based entrepreneurship test that deducts a substantial number of points if you were a high achiever in school . This is what we have found at Public Allies over the past two decades . We have worked with thousands of young adults without college degrees and have seen many achieve incredible success  with many eventually completing degrees  . We 've seen a single mom in community college become a White House lawyer , a former gang member create a youth development organization and a woman raised in foster care work for a foundation reforming foster care systems . I share these and many other stories in my book , "  Everyone Leads . " When we equate talent , competence and character with credentials , we block a lot of superstar leaders our businesses , communities and country need . Here are examples of other superstars who did not complete college on their rise to the top : -- We all know the story of Steve Jobs , who dropped out of Reed College . Since the days of Henry Ford and Thomas Edison , many business leaders got their starts without the benefit of degrees , including Larry Ellison of Oracle , Bill Gates and Paul Allen of Microsoft , Mark Zuckerberg and Dustin Moskovitz of Facebook , Michael Dell of Dell Computers , Brian Dunn of Best Buy , Anna Wintour of Vogue , Barry Diller of IAC , John Mackey of Whole Foods , David Geffen , Ralph Lauren and Ted Turner . -- David Plouffe , senior advisor to President Barack Obama and architect of his innovative and historically unprecedented campaign , dropped out of the University of Delaware to work in politics  returning to complete his degree in 2010  . President George W. Bush 's top adviser , Karl Rove , and John McCain 's 2008 campaign manager , Steve Schmidt , also lacked degrees . -- Scott Walker , the governor of Wisconsin , dropped out of Marquette University . He is joined by Gov. Jan Brewer of Arizona , Gov. Gary Herbert of Utah , U.S. Sen. Mark Begich of Alaska and 33 members of the U.S. House of Representatives . -- Maya Angelou has received many honorary doctorates but never attended college to learn her craft . She 's in good company with many other great American writers , such as Gore Vidal , August Wilson , Mark Twain , William Faulkner , F. Scott Fitzgerald , Robert Frost , Joseph Brodsky and Harper Lee . -- Woody Allen is loved by intellectuals for his philosophical films , but he did not gain his style on a campus , having flunked out of City College of New York . Other Oscar winners without degrees include Clint Eastwood , James Cameron , Robert Redford , Michael Moore , Sidney Pollack , George Clooney , Hillary Swank , Tom Hanks , Julia Roberts and Steven Spielberg  who completed a degree in 2002  . -- Oprah Winfrey left Tennessee State University in 1976 to begin her career in media  completing her degree in 1986  . Top talkers without degrees include Larry King , Ellen DeGeneres , Jimmy Kimmel , Joy Behar , Rosie O'Donnell and conservative talkers Rush Limbaugh , Glenn Beck and Sean Hannity . -- Brian Williams attended three schools and completed 18 undergraduate credits before working his way to NBC News anchor . Peter Jennings , Walter Cronkite and John Chancellor were also anchors without degrees . And many reporters and columnists never completed college , including Nina Totenberg of NPR , Carl Bernstein of The Washington Post and former New York Times columnist and wordsmith William Safire . -- Alicia Keys has made a name for herself as a singer , songwriter and political activist . She joins an exclusive club of singer/activists without degrees that includes Bruce Springsteen , Bob Dylan , Joan Baez , Steve Earle and Jon Bon Jovi . The point of this list is not to disparage higher education -- it is still the best pathway to success . But imagine if venture capitalists had denied Steve Jobs or Bill Gates support because their resumes lacked a diploma , or if producers had denied Oprah Winfrey a television show because she had not completed her degree . We need to make college more accessible to smart people from all backgrounds , while also being careful not to judge talent , character or competence primarily by higher education credentials . Our nation should be a ladder of opportunity for the best talent , regardless of background . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Paul Schmitz .	Paul Schmitz : A college degree does not equate to someone 's level of intelligence or talent Furthermore , degrees are increasingly going to privileged and affluent people , he says Schmitz : Some of the biggest figures in the arts , politics and business do n't have degrees Our nation should be a ladder of opportunity for talent , regardless of background , he says
Tokyo  CNN  -- A seismic researcher told CNN Sunday that he warned the owner of the earthquake-damaged Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant two years ago that the facility could be vulnerable to a tsunami . The owner , Tokyo Electric Power Company , appeared to ignore the warning , said seismologist Yukinobu Okamura . TEPCO has not responded to Okamura 's allegation . Okamura heads Japan 's Active Fault & Earthquake Center . He said he told members of a TEPCO safety committee two years ago that data collected from layers of earth show that in the year 869 a massive tsunami devastated where the plant now is . The six-unit Fukushima Daiichi plant is located about 240 kilometers  150 miles  north of Tokyo . Without adequate safety measures , a repeat of the first millennium disaster at the site of a nuclear power plant could be far worse , Okamura said he told the committee then . He said he raised the issue because no one else did . "  I found that odd so I really wanted to speak out and let people know about it , " Okamura said . "  No one reacted in any way . " Instead , committee members discussed a 1938 earthquake in the region that killed only one person . Okamura said that is understandable because there was far more data available about that event . However , the power company should have considered the 869 tsunami , he said . TEPCO representatives have held frequent press conferences since the March 11 earthquake triggered Japan 's nuclear crisis . However , critics say direct questions rarely get direct answers from the company . That includes Okamura 's allegation . One critic is the Japanese government , which on Sunday pressed TEPCO for better information about the Fukushima Daiichi plant as it battled against criticism of its own handling of the crisis there . Yukio Edano , the government 's point man for the crisis , issued what he called "  stronger instructions " to the Tokyo Electric Power Company to fully disclose as much as possible about conditions at the plant . "  Every piece of information must be provided accurately and swiftly " to Japan 's Nuclear and Industrial Safety Agency , Edano , the chief Cabinet secretary , told reporters . "  Without this communication , it 's very difficult for the government to  establish  proper safety measures . " Workers have spent more than two weeks trying to stave off potential meltdowns in three reactors at the plant . Edano said Tokyo Electric needs to be up-front with the Japanese people -- millions of whom get power from the company , and millions more have been affected by radioactive emissions stemming from the crisis . Tokyo Electric is Japan 's largest utility . Both the company and the Japanese government have been criticized for failing to provide more detailed information about the situation at Fukushima Daiichi , one of three nuclear plants the company owns in northern Japan . A poll by Japan 's Kyodo News Agency found the government is getting poor marks for its handling of the crisis , with 58 % telling pollsters that they disapprove . Though 57 % of Japanese approve of how the government has moved to provide relief for victims of the March 11 earthquake and tsunami , the poll found , only 39 % approve of how it has managed the situation at Fukushima Daiichi . Edano said the government has done "  everything possible . " "  But we also realize that many of the people in the affected areas have been very inconvenienced , and they are in a very serious crisis , " he added . "  We understand that , and there may be more such difficulties ahead . " Edano said Prime Minister Naoto Kan has been talking with local leaders "  one by one " to find out what they need . He declined to share details of those conversations , telling reporters , "  We are simply focusing on providing better assistance for the residents . " Yukuiya Amano , the director-general of the International Atomic Energy Agency , returned to his native Japan shortly after the crisis erupted to press Kan for more information . "  In the beginning , we had some difficulty , " Amano told CNN Sunday . "  But I went to Tokyo and I talked to Prime Minister Kan and I asked him to facilitate the flow of information . " Kan "  promised me the highest level of transparency , and the flow improved , " he said . The government has ordered residents within a 20-kilometer  13-mile  radius to evacuate and those living from 20 to 30 kilometers to stay indoors . But levels of radioactivity above the levels considered safe for infants have turned up in drinking water as far south as Tokyo , and the anti-nuclear environmental group Greenpeace said Sunday that it had found high radiation levels in Iitate , a town of 7,000 about 40 kilometers northwest the plant . Jan van de Putte , a radiation monitor for Greenpeace , said radiation levels ranged between .008 to 0.01 millisieverts per hour , or more than 50 times normal readings . Though that 's a dose far below the levels that would cause radiation sickness , it presents "  a serious risk for developing cancer in the longer term , " he told CNN . "  People living there -- and there are still people living there -- would exceed the maximum annual permitted dose in just a couple of days , " van de Putte said . He said the town 's mayor is seeking "  practical , correct information " from the Japanese government . "  Without the right information , you can not take the needed precautionary measures to protect yourself from radiation , " he said . "  We think that , to the population , is really important . " Noriyuki Shikata , a Kan spokesman , said the government understands the nuclear crisis has become "  an issue of global attention . " Traces of radioactive iodine have been detected in China 's Heilongjiang province , the U.S. state of Massachusetts and as far away as Sweden , authorities there announced over the weekend . None of those readings have been strong enough to harm public health -- and the United States , Hong Kong and Russia have put restrictions on imports of food products from some regions of Japan . CNN 's Whitney Hurst in Tokyo and Matt Smith in Atlanta contributed to this report	NEW : Seismic researcher says owner did not consider threat 2 years ago Kyodo poll finds government gets poor marks for handling the nuclear crisis Greenpeace warns of high radiation levels outside the evacuation zone
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Rapper Lil Wayne has been released from a Los Angeles hospital where he was taken after suffering a seizure last week , his publicist said late Monday night . The 30-year-old rapper 's hospitalization at Cedars-Sinai Medical Center triggered media reports that he was near death -- rumors his associates were quick to squash . Few details about his medical condition were made public . On Monday night , Mack Maine , the president of Wayne 's label , Young Money , thanked the hospital . " @LilTunechi has been officially been released and is headed home ... God is great , " he tweeted . Lil Tunechi is Lil Wayne 's nickname , as well as his Twitter handle . An online report that Lil Wayne was near death and on life support Friday cause panic among his fans and caused Twitter to light up with messages of concern . "  I 'm good everybody , " the rapper tweeted Friday evening , helping defuse the concerns . "  Thnx for the prayers and love . " Young Money publicist Sarah Cunningham acknowledged Friday that Lil Wayne had had a seizure , but members of the New Orleans artist 's camp have shot down reports that he was near death . "  Dont believe the nonsense about comas and tubes to breathe ... that 's false !! " Maine tweeted Friday night . Instead of ighting for his life , Lil Wayne was watching the Syracuse University Orange play the Georgetown Hoyas in the Big East men 's basketball tournament , he said . Born Dwayne Carter , Lil Wayne is one of the rap world 's most successful artists . He won best rap album for "  Tha Carter III " at the 2008 Grammy awards and took home three more Grammys the next year . Beyond winning over critics , he 's also been a commercial success . In September , Billboard reported the rapper had tallied 109 hits on its Hot 100 , surpassing the record previously held by Elvis Presley . But he 's also run into trouble outside the studio and off stage . Lil Wayne was arrested in 2007 outside New York City 's Beacon Theater after police said they found a .40 - caliber pistol on his tour bus . He pleaded guilty to felony gun charges and spent eight months at New York 's Rikers Island jail . CNN 's Denise Quan contributed to this report .	Lil Wayne fans panicked Friday amid reports the rapper was near death "  God is great , " Young Money President tweets as Lil Wayne leaves hospital The 30-year-old hip hop artist suffered a seizure , his publicist says
An Argentinian court Thursday found two former dictators guilty of stealing dozens of babies during the country 's dirty war . Jorge Rafael Videla , who ruled as a dictator between 1976 to 1981 , was sentenced to 50 years in prison . Gen. Reynaldo Benito Bignone , who ruled the country from June 1982 until the nation 's return to democracy in December 1983 , was sentenced to 15 years in prison . They were the two most high-profile defendants found guilty Thursday of systematically stealing babies from political prisoners and giving them new identities . Baby-stealing trial in Argentina "  It was the worst , the most perverse of the dictatorship , I think , what they did with us , " said Francisco Madariaga Quintela , 35 , one of the stolen babies who was reunited with his father in 2010 . "  It was a torture prolonged through time , for the grandmothers searching , for family members , everyone . " Observers packed the courtroom Thursday and cheered when a judge read the verdict for Videla . Afterward , outside the courthouse , family members of the disappeared told CNN affiliate Canal 7 that they were satisfied with the verdict . "  It was what we were asking for . We never asked for revenge . We never hated . We never asked for anything more than justice , and we have been fighting for 36 years , " one father said . The dictators and their officers were on trial for being the "  presumed authors of the crimes of theft , retention and hiding of minors , as well as replacing their identities , " according to a statement from the country 's judiciary . Specifically , they were tried for the stealing of 34 babies from their parents , the court said . During the trial , Videla said children may have been kidnapped , but he said that there was no order or systematic plan . Videla , who was among the coup leaders who overthrew then-President Isabel Martinez de Peron in March 1976 , was previously convicted in 2010 of human rights abuses during his rule and is currently serving a life sentence in prison . Former dictator sentenced to life Bignone was sentenced in 2009 to 25 years in prison for kidnapping and torturing 56 people . The accusations stem from the country 's "  Dirty War " from 1976 to 1983 . During those years of military dictatorship , up to 30,000 students , labor leaders , intellectuals and leftists disappeared or were held in secret jails and torture centers . Mariana Zaffaroni Islas , who was reunited with her family in 1993 , told Argentina 's state-run Telam news agency that the verdict was significant for all Argentinians . "  For any citizen who lives in a country where actions like this do not remain unpunished with the passage of time , it represents a guarantee that justice is done , " she said .	The crimes were "  the most perverse of the dictatorship , " one victim says Court : Jorge Rafael Videla and Reynaldo Benito Bignone are guilty of baby thefts They were found guilty of stealing babies from political prisoners They were both one-time dictators of Argentina
Washington  CNN  -- When the father of suspected terrorist Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab visited the U.S. embassy in Nigeria in November , he told officials he believed his son was under the influence of religious extremists and had traveled from London , England , to Yemen , a senior administration official said Monday . Revealing new details , the official also denied the father told officials his son might be on a suicide mission : "  There was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act , " the official said . A suspect in the foiled Christmas Day terror attack , Umar Farouk AbdulMutallab , is being held for allegedly trying to blow up a flight carrying 300 passengers that was about to land in the United States . This official says the father , Umaru AbdulMutallab , came to the embassy in Abuja , Nigeria , on November 19 . "  He was concerned about his son 's safety and whereabouts and wondered if the U.S. government could help , " the official said . "  The father said he was in Yemen , " this official said . "  His son had gone from London to Yemen . " The official noted that this information was based on what the father said but has not been corroborated . The next day , November 20 , the U.S. embassy in Abuja sent what is called a "  Visas Viper cable " to the State Department detailing the father 's concerns , according to an official account by State Department spokesman Ian Kelley . That information was passed on to the National Counter-Terrorism Center in Washington , which ruled that the information in the cable was "  insufficient for this interagency review process to make a determination that this individual 's visa should be revoked . " The secretary of state can unilaterally revoke a visa but usually does that for foreign policy and diplomatic , not national security , reasons , Kelley said . "  This has to be done in consultation with other agencies , " Kelley said . State Department spokesman Ian Kelley provided further details Monday . AbdulMutallab was studying in London , Kelly said . He applied for a multiple-entry U.S. visa on June 12 , 2008 , and received it June 16 , 2008 . The visa was a standard multiple-entry tourist visa good for two years . "  At the time , there was nothing in his application , nor in any data base at the time , that would warrant that he should not receive a visa . He was a student at a reputable school , he had plenty of financial resources . ... There was no derogatory information about him last year that would have indicated that he should not get a visa , " Kelley said . The suspect traveled previously to the U.S. on another visa , Kelley said . Kelley said Secretary of State Hillary Clinton will ask the department 's consular division to review all processes connected with issuing visas .	In November , suspect 's father told officials at U.S. Embassy in Nigeria that son went to Yemen Umaru AbdulMutallab said he believed son was under influence of religious extremists Official says Embassy notified State Department , which found no cause to revoke visa "  There was no suggestion he was about to carry out a terrorist act , " official says
CNN  -- Friday marks the passage of one month since a magnitude-7 .0 earthquake devastated Haiti . As thousands of Haitians gathered in the center of Port-au-Prince to remember what was lost that day , Ann Veneman , executive director of UNICEF , spoke to CNN 's "  American Morning " about the situation . "  We do n't know how many actually were orphaned by the earthquake . There are so many children in Haiti without parental supervision who need to be cared for , who need to be fed , clothed and so forth and protected , " she said . Tracking down the actual numbers in Haiti can be tough given the circumstances . Fact check : One month after the earthquake , what numbers are available to tell the story of devastation and recovery ?  Human toll : The Haitian government says the quake claimed the lives of more than 212,000 people and injured more than 300,000 . The U.S. Agency for International Development estimates that 3 million people were affected by the quake and 700,000 in Port-au-Prince were displaced .  Aid agencies : The U.N. Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs says that more than 400 agencies were registered with the Haitian government to do work in Haiti before the quake . Because some of the non-governmental organizations are small and work in remote , rural areas , their presence may not even be known to the Haitian government .  Aid given : According to the U.N. humanitarian affairs office , more than 2.3 million people have received food aid from the World Food Programme and their partners , and more than 10,300 mosquito nets , 23,000 family tents , 26,500 kitchen sets and 79,500 blankets have been distributed .  Sanitation : The World Health Organization estimated this week that less than 5 percent of the need for latrines has been meet . However , there has not been an increase in reported infectious diseases . More than 900,000 people have access to safe drinking water , but that still falls short of the goal of providing water to 1.1 million .  Children : About 5,000 schools were destroyed or damaged in the quake . According to the U.N. humanitarian affairs office , the Haitian government aims to have all schools open again before the end of March . Kathleen Strottman , executive director of the Congressional Coalition on Adoption Institute , estimates that there were more than 900 orphans in the process of being adopted into American homes when the quake struck . Bottom line : One month after the most devastating earthquake in Haiti 's history , the available numbers show a nation with great needs . However , the numbers also show that aid is reaching a large percentage of the people . Got something that needs checking ? E-mail us at factcheck@cnn.com . CNN Radio 's Steve Kastenbaum and CNN Weather Anchor Chad Myers contributed to this report .	More than 212,000 people believed killed in earthquake Hundreds of aid agencies were registered to work in Haiti before quake struck About 5,000 schools destroyed or damaged in quake
CNN  -- This time there was no denying Mo Farah in the 10,000 meters at the world championships . Two years ago in Daegu , South Korea , Farah was beaten by Ibrahim Jeilan in a dramatic finish . But he showed no ill effects on home soil at last year 's Olympics in London , claiming the double in the 5,000 and 10,000 meters -- and popularizing the Mobot in the process . And on Saturday in Moscow , the Briton edged Jeilan in the 10,000 meters to add to his 5,000-meter world title . Sprint king Usain Bolt , who also shone in London , later eased through in the 100-meter heats on the opening day of the championships . Farah crossed the line in 27 minutes , 21.71 seconds in front of a less than packed Luzhniki Stadium , defeating Jeilan by nearly half a second . He ran the last lap in an impressive 54 seconds to hold off the Ethiopian , who had overtaken Farah in the final few meters in South Korea . "  I saw him coming at the bell , knew he was behind me and so I had to have something left , " Farah told the BBC . "  It was nice to see him second this time and beat him . "  I did n't want to lose again . " His form this season suggested he would be hard to beat , with Farah setting a European record in the shorter 1,500 meters in Monaco in July and personal best in the 3,000 meters at the Anniversary Games in London a week later . He plans to focus on the marathon following the world championships . "  It was nice to come out here and win it , " said Farah , born in Somalia . "  Training 's been really hard . I 've spent a lot of time away from my family and when I came home for the Anniversary Games , my little daughter did n't even recognize me . "  But it 's definitely been worth it . " American Galen Rupp , Farah 's training partner , missed out on the bronze as Kenya 's Paul Tanui grabbed third . He took time , though , to praise Farah . "  He was the best last year and that continues this year , " Rupp told the BBC . "  I think the great thing about him is he continues to do the same things and he knows he has to work so hard in training and that 's what makes him the type of runner he is . " Bolt , meanwhile , cruised in his heat in 10.07 seconds . He is the overwhelming favorite in Sunday 's final since reigning world champion and fellow Jamaican Yohan Blake skipped the event due to a hamstring injury and American Tyson Gay pulled out after testing positive for a banned substance . Gay owns the two fastest times in the world this year . The build-up to the world championships was overshadowed by positive tests to Gay , former 100-meter world-record holder Asafa Powell and two-time 200-meter Olympic gold medalist Veronica Campbell-Brown . On Saturday , the Trinidad Express reported that Trinidad and Tobago sprinter Kelly-Ann Baptiste , third in the 100 meters in Daegu , failed a drug test and left the world championships . In the first medal event of the championships , Kenya 's Edna Kiplagat made history when she became the first woman to retain the marathon world title . Her time of 2:25.44 was 14 seconds quicker than Italy 's Valeria Straneo . Japan 's Kayoko Fukushi captured the bronze , two minutes behind Kiplagat .	Britain 's Mo Farah wins 10,000-meter gold at the world championships in Moscow Farah held off Ethiopia 's Ibrahim Jeilan , who beat Farah two years ago in South Korea Farah will go for double gold when he competes in the 5,000 meters on Friday Usain Bolt eases through in his 100-meter heat in a time of 10.07 seconds
Cairo  CNN  -- The trial of international aid workers -- including 16 Americans -- accused of fraud in Egypt got a brief start Sunday as intense behind-the-scenes diplomatic discussions simmered over the case . Out of the 43 defendants facing fraud charges , only 14 non-American workers showed up to court for a trial unfolding in the wake of the revolution that ousted former President Hosni Mubarak , and increasingly shaky relations with the United States . After charges were formally read , the judge adjourned the trial and scheduled it to resume April 26 . The accused were detained as part of a crackdown on pro-democracy , non-government groups , which Egyptian officials say is part of a pattern of foreign interference that is stoking unrest . "  We are having intense talks at the highest levels of the Egyptian government because , obviously , we would like to see this resolved , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said during an interview with CNN in Morocco . Clinton declined to discuss the details of the negotiations or whether the U.S. would surrender the Americans for trial . "  I do n't want to go making this a dramatic situation , " Clinton said . She also refused to discuss what the case could do to the 30-year relationship between the two countries . "  We have a problem . ... We have a problem with a lot of our friends around the world . " The accusations read out loud in court included the unlicensed formation of international organizations as well as illegally receiving and distributing funds from the United States . Authorities claim that millions of dollars in unlicensed funds were deposited directly from abroad into accounts in Egypt . The 14 defendants who appeared in court denied all charges . They sat in a caged section of the courtroom , which is customary in Egyptian courts , and were not in detention . They were released at the end of the hearing . Upon their exit , the courtroom audience broke into chants of "  down , down with military rule . " Yahia Ghanem , a local journalist , is a member of an accused NGO . He said the funding he did receive was required by Egyptian authorities to open an office and was much smaller than the amount he was accused of having . "  They said we received 22 million dollars , " said Ghanem , who maintains that the sum was closer to $ 40,000 . The list of charges continued with the unapproved conducting of political training and opinion polls -- and sending reports to the United States . The aid workers are charged with operating in Egypt without being officially registered and receiving foreign funding . Of the Americans charged , only seven are still in Egypt . Those in the country are all believed to be at the U.S. Embassy , though the Egyptian government has not asked for them to be turned over or to turn themselves in . Among the Americans charged in the case is Sam LaHood , director of Egypt operations for the International Republican Institute and the son of U.S. Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood . Clinton has met repeatedly with Egyptian Foreign Minister Mohammed Amr in recent days in London and Tunis , and other senior administration officials are also involved , according to a senior administration official , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the issue . Members of Congress say Egypt 's action could mean the end of $ 1.3 billion in U.S. aid . In a letter to Clinton and Defense Secretary Leon Panetta , 41 members urged the administration to withhold aid to Egypt until the country 's leadership allows the offices of those organizations to reopen and returns seized property . Clinton 's remarks came as an attorney for the Americans was in a packed Cairo courthouse asking for additional time "  to read evidence . " "  We have not read or even seen any of the case documents , " attorney Sarwat Abdel Shadi said shortly before the hearing . An official with one of the U.S.-based nongovernmental organizations at the center of the case said none of the Americans has been served with papers to appear in court . "  None of the foreigners have been served documents to appear in court or received anything in writing . As far as I know , none of the foreigners are appearing in court today , " said Les Campbell , regional director of the National Democratic Institute . Campbell , who has been in Cairo to follow the case , said there were 2,200 pages of evidence presented by the Egyptian government that have not been reviewed . In December , Egyptian authorities carried out 17 raids on the offices of 10 organizations , including the U.S.-based Freedom House , National Democratic Institute and the International Republican Institute . They seized property and prevented some staff from leaving the country . It was not immediately clear what , if any , ramifications the Americans would face for not attending the hearing . Earlier , the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office said a failure to appear could result in a maximum , mandatory sentence of five years and possible additional charges , a spokesman for the Egyptian general prosecutor 's office said . Earlier this month , the United States was presented with a 24-page document from an Egyptian court laying out charges against U.S. and other international democracy-building groups . The State Department sent lawyers to Egypt to pore over the document . The United States has maintained that despite the charges , it does not consider the case truly a judicial one , but a matter between the two governments about the role of NGOs in Egypt . The two judges handling the cases have said the charges could lead to five-year prison sentences . CNN 's Elise Labott and journalist Mohamed Fadel Fahmy contributed to this report .	NEW : Charges include illegal deposits of millions of dollars The trial of the American NGO workers has been adjourned Secretary of State Hillary Clinton says intense discussions under way None of the Americans are to appear in court , an attorney says
Trenton , New Jersey  CNN  -- Many 16-year-olds might covet a smartphone , an Xbox , maybe some expensive new sneakers or even a car . Ronald Hennig just wanted a suit so he could attend a relative 's funeral . "  I did n't really own even a shirt and tie or dress shoes , " he said . "  I was seeing some of my old family members , and it was kind of embarrassing to not have a suit when everyone else would have one . " The teenager , who had been in and out of foster care for much of his childhood , was living in a group home at the time . His caseworker was unable to justify the nonessential expense . But an anonymous benefactor stepped in to help Hennig through a website called One Simple Wish . "  I got custom-fitted for the suit and I was able to go to the funeral , " said Hennig , now 18 . "  I could pay the same respect as everyone else . " One Simple Wish was started by Danielle Gletow to help grant the wishes of children in foster care . Each child 's wish is posted online , and anyone can pay to make that wish come true -- from tangible items such as a bicycle , a varsity jacket or school supplies to an experience like music lessons or a trip to the theater . Since 2008 , the nonprofit has granted more than 4,000 wishes for children living in 35 states . "  There are thousands of children in the foster-care system who go without those normal childhood experiences that many of us have had , " said Gletow , 34 . "  These kids are separated from their parents . They 're separated from their siblings . They really do n't have people to ask . ... A lot of them decide that it 's not worth wishing anymore because it is n't going to happen . " Since 2006 , Gletow and her husband , Joe , have been foster parents to several children , eventually adopting one of them . Over the years , many friends and family members expressed a desire to help other children in the system , short of becoming foster parents themselves . "  They  would say , ' I really wish there was something I could do , but I do n't want to be a foster parent , ' " Gletow said . "  I just felt like , this is my opportunity to create something that makes it possible for all of these children who need something to get connected to all of these wonderful people that are out there , that want to help them . " According to the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , more than 400,000 children were living in the U.S. foster-care system in 2011 . But Gletow fears that , too often , we do n't see what these numbers represent . "  These are individual children that have individual wishes and individual personalities and wants and needs and dislikes and likes , " she said . "  And I wanted to share those with people so that ... they could see that this was n't about nearly half a million children that are in foster care . This was about this young man who wanted to go to karate lessons with his friends at school . " Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes The most common wishes on One Simple Wish typically cost $ 10 to $ 100 , and they generally do not exceed $ 500 . Higher-priced wishes can be granted by pooling the resources of multiple donors . "  The wishes that do n't seem like the basic necessity are  often  the ones that are the most important , " Gletow said . "  Because those are the wishes that are really just a kid being a kid , and asking for something that they want to have fun . "  We want them talking about fun things and happy things . We do n't want to constantly remind them of how sad or tragic or challenging their circumstances are . We want to remind them that , ` Yeah , there 's a really cool new video game out there , and you can play it and there 's nothing wrong with that . ' " On rare occasions , there are wishes that exceed $ 500 , such as flying a family member in to attend a graduation or continuing music lessons . These are granted through fundraising drives on the website . "  Anybody -- anywhere , anytime -- can go on our website , and they can look at hundreds of wishes that are posted on behalf of children in foster care and children in vulnerable family environments , " Gletow said . "  These small things make an enormous difference in the life of a child who has spent their entire life wondering if anybody cares about them . " All the wishes on One Simple Wish are submitted by approved social service agencies and caseworkers . Once the wishes are reviewed and posted to the website , donors can post funds to make a wish come true . "  It 's just like online shopping , but at the end you get to give a gift to a child who will thank you more than you could ever imagine , " Gletow said . "  When a child 's wish is granted , we are reassuring them that their voices are being heard . " Gletow also is constantly searching for ways to maximize a gift 's value , calling individuals or companies who might be in a position to donate the wish in-kind or provide an item or service at a discount . "  I 'm here to be the mom to all of these kids out there who might not feel like they have one , " she said . "  If I had an enormous house , I 'd invite them all to live here . I ca n't do that , but I know that what I 'm doing is making a difference in their lives . " Gletow 's nonprofit is also working in other ways to fill gaps in the foster community . Its office is home to several offshoot projects that have benefited thousands of foster youths and families in New Jersey . The Ohana Project helps foster kids , foster-care workers and families by providing 24/7 access to new baby supplies , bed linens and blankets , pajamas and other items that can ease a child 's transition into a new placement or home . The Wish to Work program targets older youth to help give them the skills needed in professional careers . Wish to Work provides job-training seminars , networking events , rsum feedback and other assistance . "  I 'm now able to apply to college , and I know that I have a competitive rsum , " said Hennig , who participated in the program last year . "  I know how to be just as equipped as every other teenager my age . And I 've gotten all of the same skills that parents would pass down to their children . " Gletow says this is what keeps her going . "  Our states take children out of their homes and say , ` We can do a better job raising you , ' and then they do n't , " she said . "  And we need to all step up as a society and do that . "  It 's up to every individual person to say all of our children deserve better . Not just the ones that are born into good circumstances . ... That 's what I 'm going to do with my life . I want my life to be a life of purpose . " Want to get involved ? Check out the One Simple Wish website at www.onesimplewish.org and see how to help .	Foster children do n't often get what they want , but one group is trying to help change that Danielle Gletow 's nonprofit posts kids ' wishes online so anyone can pay for them Wishes can be tangible like a bike , or they can be an experience like music lessons Do you know a hero ? Nominations are open for 2013 CNN Heroes
Los Angeles  CNN  -- Jurors in the involuntary manslaughter trial of Michael Jackson 's doctor will hear closing arguments from the prosecution and defense Thursday , with deliberations on Dr. Conrad Murray 's fate expected to begin late Thursday or Friday . It follows 22 days of testimony from several of Murray 's girlfriends and patients , Jackson employees , paramedics and emergency room doctors , investigators and medical experts . Jackson 's mother will sit on one side of the courtroom , while Murray 's mother is likely to be seated on the other end Thursday as the seven men and five women on the jury listen to each side sum up their case . Jackson was preparing for a series of 50 shows in London , part of a career comeback , when he died on June 25 , 2009 . Murray told detectives in an interview two days after Jackson 's death that he had used the surgical anesthetic propofol to help Jackson sleep nearly every night for the previous two months , with the exception of his last three nights . He was using the sedatives lorazepam and Midazolam in an effort to wean Jackson off of propofol the morning he died , Murray said . When those drugs were n't working after almost 10 hours of trying , he gave him a single injection of propofol , which did put Jackson to sleep , he said . Jackson 's death was caused by "  acute propofol intoxication " in combination with two sedatives , the Los Angeles County coroner ruled . The prosecution contends Dr. Murray 's use of propofol to treat Jackson 's insomnia was so reckless it was criminally negligent and caused the singer 's death . Murray failed to perform the legal obligation as a doctor because his treatment egregiously and extremely deviated from the required standard of medical care , the prosecution alleges . The defense contends that Jackson , not Murray , administered the fatal doses of propofol and sedatives the coroner ruled killed the pop icon . He was so desperate for sleep , and afraid his comeback concerts would be canceled without it , that he injected himself while Murray was not watching , the defense argues . Prosecutors say it makes no difference how the propofol got into Jackson 's blood since it was Murray who brought the drugs into the bedroom and left him alone long enough to die . Los Angeles County Superior Court Judge Michael Pastor will start Thursday 's court session by instructing the jury on the law guiding the decisions they must make . The jury must unanimously agree on one of two theories in order to convict Murray on the single count of involuntary manslaughter . The first theory is that Murray 's administration of propofol to Jackson was criminally negligent and it caused Jackson 's death . Although it was legal , as a licensed doctor , for Murray to administer propofol to Jackson , they could find he was reckless in the way he did it , which created a high risk of death . Criminal negligence requires more than just ordinary carelessness , inattention , or mistakes in judgment , the judge will tell jurors . A reasonable person would have to have known that the action would create such a risk of death . Prosecutors have laid out a list of acts they allege were negligent , including not having other medical staff present when propofol was used , a lack of monitoring equipment , ineffective resuscitative care when Jackson stopped breathing and a delay in calling for an ambulance . Using propofol , which is intended to sedate surgical patients , for sleep was another egregious deviation , they argue . The second theory that jurors could accept is that Murray , who assumed a legal obligation to care for Jackson when he became his physician , failed to perform this legal duty by deviating from standards of care required of a doctor , including , when he left him alone and unmonitored after administering propofol . The judge asked lawyers to finish their closing arguments by the end of Thursday , so the jury could begin deliberations . Murray , if convicted , faces up to four years in prison and the loss of his medical license .	Jurors have two theories of guilt to consider for Dr. Conrad Murray Prosecutors say Murray 's use of propofol for Jackson 's insomnia was criminally negligent The defense contends Jackson gave himself the fatal overdose
Last week , President Obama 's campaign launched a fictional storybook ad called , "  The Life of Julia . " The slide show narrative follows Julia , a cartoon character , from age 3 to age 67 and explains how Obama 's policies , from Head Start to Obamacare to mandated contraception coverage to Medicare reform , would provide Julia with a better life than Mitt Romney or Paul Ryan could . Julia is not your typical all-American girl , but an obviously independent , yuppie liberal woman . She goes to public school , graduates college , and becomes a Web designer . She is able to pursue her career because , at age 27 , "  her health insurance is required to cover birth control and preventive care , letting Julia focus on her work rather than worry about her health . " At age 31 she "  decides to have a child , " with no mention of a father or husband . Her son Zachary heads off to a Race to the Top funded public school , while Julia goes on to start her own Web business . She retires at age 67 with Social Security and Medicare supporting her financially and spends her later years volunteering in a community garden . Julia 's happily-ever-after tale is remarkably void of reality . Nowhere in her fictional life is it mentioned that Head Start has done little , if anything , to improve elementary education , that she will likely graduate with $ 25,000 in student loan debt , that she has a 50 % chance of being unemployed or underemployed after college , that Medicare and Social Security are headed toward insolvency , and that her share of the national debt is $ 50,000 and growing . For Republicans , Julia 's story might seem like a joke too good to be true , but they should take it very seriously . Because buried within "  The Life of Julia " is the ideological vision of modern liberalism -- to create a state that takes care of its people from cradle to grave . The story of Julia is a microcosm of Obama 's vision for America and emblematic of his view of the government 's role in an individual 's life . "  The Life of Julia " has done what many conservatives have failed to do so far -- outline in exacting detail what modern Democratic policy wants for individuals . Here we have Obama 's 21st century synthesis of the Great Society , New Deal and New Frontier . Julia 's entire life is defined by her interactions with the state . Government is everywhere and each step of her life is tied to a government program . Notably absent in her story is any relationship with a husband , family , church or community , except a "  community " garden where she works post-retirement . Instead , the state has taken their place and is her primary relationship . As banal and hackneyed as Julia 's life of government dependence may seem , many Americans support it . After all , similar promises lured a number of European countries into overreaching and under-supported social safety nets . With the American family less intact than ever and with single motherhood at historic highs , women like Julia are increasingly left on their own . The idea of government assistance can become more and more attractive to them and even necessary . Democratic policymakers realize that in the absence of self-sustaining family units , government can step in and fill the void . And a government large enough to fill that void can eventually take the place of the family altogether . Cultural commentator Heather Mac Donald recently wrote , "  The single mother has become the cornerstone of Democratic politics . " Julia is the perfect example . In response , conservatives must defend their own cornerstones -- individual liberty , virtue and earned success . Conservatives must make the case that earned success is preferable to government dependency , and that Julia is more likely to achieve success and fulfillment in a good , stable family . As families grow stronger , schools , churches and communities improve , and Julia 's chances for success improve , both for herself and her son . But as government grows larger and more intrusive , Julia 's personal liberty and opportunities may shrink . Whatever pleasure Republicans may get from jokes or parodies of Julia , the fact is that many women will choose her life , some out of necessity or believing it 's necessary . "  The Life of Julia " should make it obvious that this election is about more than offering Julia a better job and more benefits . Conservatives must be able to provide Julia an alternative vision for a better future . Without it , Julia might have nowhere else to turn but to the government , and that is nothing to laugh about . Follow us on Twitter @CNNOpinion Join us on Facebook/CNNOpinion	President Obama 's campaign launches a fictional storybook ad called "  The Life of Julia " William Bennett : Buried within the ad is the ideological vision of modern liberalism He says the story of Julia represents Obama 's view of the state 's role in an individual 's life Bennett : Conservatives must be able to craft an alternative vision
CNN  -- An accident in a tunnel at a construction project near Lake Mead in the Las Vegas area killed one worker and injured another on Monday , the agency operating the site said . The workers were constructing a mining operation underground when they were hit by a high-pressure release of grout , said Bronson Mack of the Southern Nevada Water Authority , a cooperative public agency formed in 1991 to manage the water resources in a region that includes Las Vegas . One worker suffered a fatal blow from the impact of the pressure release and died on the scene , Mack said . The other worker was taken to a hospital with unspecified injuries . No other workers remain in the tunnel at this time , according to Mack , and no one was exposed to harmful gases as a result of the accident . The fatal pressure release took place at a project known as Intake No. 3 , which is under way near Lake Mead . The project is intended to give the authorities the ability to draw water from the Colorado River for the Las Vegas area and guard against water quality issues that are associated with continually dropping lake levels . The area is in the midst of moderate to severe drought , according to the U.S. Drought Monitor at the University of Nebraska at Lincoln . The regional agency has undertaken a $ 2.9 billion capital improvement initiative , stretched out over 15 years , to address the region 's water needs .	A high-pressure release of grout strikes two workers at a construction site They were working underground on a water project for the Las Vegas area No other workers remain in the tunnel at this point , an official says
A new Maine-based activist group released a detailed proposal on how to legalize recreational marijuana this week , potentially adding Maine to the growing list of states nationwide where use of the drug is permitted . These efforts by Legalize Maine , based largely on an agenda of statewide economic growth , mark the second attempt in the state in recent months to put pot before voters in 2016 . Paul McCarrier , the group 's leader , highlighted the potential benefits of pot legalization -- including a substantial boost in tourism -- in a press conference in the state 's capital Wednesday . "  Our goal is a rural economic revival , " he said , according to the Portland Press Herald . "  Rural Maine is dying and we need to stop that . Marijuana is not the golden ticket , but it 's part of the solution . " To be eligible for a voter referendum in November 2016 , about 61,000 signatures would be needed by January 2016 . McCarrier said the group hopes to collect about 80,000 signatures in the state , and will start their activism soon . If the plan is approved , adults aged 21 and older would be allowed to possess an unlimited amount of pot in their homes -- and they 'd also be permitted to grow the plant , provided they obtain a license . The goal is to give at least 75 percent of these licenses to owners of small farms in an effort to cultivate statewide industry . Like alcohol , marijuana would be taxed at 8 % , and its use would be permitted in clubs . The Marijuana Policy Project , a national group based in Washington , D.C. , is also working toward a ballot initiative in Maine . This group also needs signatures to make it on the ballot -- but so far , it is unclear whether the two activist organizations will work together . In some Maine cities , voters voiced support earlier this month for recreational pot legalization , while the initiative was defeated in other regions . These votes were largely symbolic , though , as there is not yet any overarching state or federal laws on the books . Medical marijuana has been legal in the Pine Tree State since 1999 . So far , only four states -- Colorado , Washington , Alaska and Oregon , as well as D.C. -- have legalized recreational marijuana . Laws in these places remain hazy , as consuming marijuana is still listed as a Schedule 1 narcotic under federal law . As the tide continues to turn in favor of legal marijuana on the state level , a bipartisan group members of Congress have clamored for legal adjustments on the national level . "  It 's not more dangerous than methamphetamines or cocaine , " said Oregon Democratic Rep. Earl Blumenauer at an event last week , pointing out that there were zero deaths caused by marijuana last year . For the first time , most Americans favored pot legalization in October : The idea garnered 58 % percent support , according to an October Gallup poll .	A new group in Maine wants to put pot on the statewide ballot in 2016 It 's the second organization fighting for legal recreational marijuana in the state Most Americans favor pot legalization , according to an October poll
CNN  Justin Bieber as the subject of a Comedy Central roast ? The Justin Bieber who allegedly egged a neighbor 's house ? The Justin Bieber who reportedly antagonized an airplane crew and filled an plane with pot smoke ? The Justin Bieber whose antics prompted some commentators to ask for his deportation ? Comedy Central might have a hard time coming up with material . But seriously , folks , it looks like the Biebs will be put on the spit at one of Comedy Central 's periodic skewerings -- and he could n't be happier , the singer and recently minted Calvin Klein model tweeted . Nor could a host of people on the Internet , who made the hashtag #BieberRoast -- spurred on by Comedy Central -- start trending . Of course , given the youthfulness of Bieber 's fans , more than one tweeter politely took the time to explain just what a "  roast " is . Oh , if only Foster Brooks were still alive . The Bieber roast is scheduled for March 7 .	Comedy Central will roast singer Justin Bieber on March 7 #BieberRoast hashtag encourages people to suggest jokes
Mental Floss  -- 1 . Cordless tools Your life may be safer and more comfortable because of inventions that came from space research . As long as NASA was going to the trouble of sending Apollo astronauts to the moon , it figured it might as well equip them with drills and ask them to dig up rock samples when they got there . But realizing that a 239,000-mile extension cord would be impractical , NASA teamed up with Black & Decker to develop tools that featured rechargeable batteries and special low-power consumption motors , which should make your DustBuster seem a lot more impressive . 2 . Smoke detectors In the 1970s , NASA partnered with Honeywell Corp. to create a device that would detect smoke and toxic gases in Skylab , America 's first space station . The result was the first ionization smoke detector , using a minute amount of the radioactive isotope Americium-241 . This led to the 1979 introduction of inexpensive photoelectric detection devices , which go off when smoke  or sometimes a hot , steamy shower  blocks the light beam . To date , smoke detectors have saved countless lives here on Earth , but they 're especially useful in space , where running outside to wait for the fire truck is n't an option . 3 . Enriched baby food NASA-sponsored research has also helped make major improvements to commercially available baby food , and we 're not talking about freeze-dried strained peas . While testing the potential of algae as a food supply for long-duration space travel , a Maryland-based biosciences company discovered an algae additive that contains two fatty acids closely resembling those found in human breast milk . The company now uses it to make an enriched infant formula called Formulaid , thought to be essential for babies ' visual and mental development . 4 . New-age pavement When you buy a new set of tires , the old ones have to go somewhere , right ? Most of them end up in huge , flammable tire dumps , which may hold millions of old tires , each one containing about a quart of oil in the rubber . If a dump catches fire , however , it can burn with a thick , toxic smoke for weeks on end . But today , old tires are being put to good use . NASA 's experience in fuel-related cryogenics helped develop processes to freeze the tires to below -200 degrees Fahrenheit so that they crumble , separating the rubber from other materials and producing what 's called "  crumb . " This waste is recycled into several new products , including an ingredient used to pave highways , which means your new radial tires may someday be rolling over your old ones . 5 . Those cool ear thermometers Any parent knows you do n't take a baby 's temperature by sticking a glass thermometer in its mouth , but inserting it the other way is n't much fun , either . And what about the incapacitated patient who ca n't even say "  aaah " ? The Diatek Corp. of California wanted a safer way to take a person 's temperature , and who better to turn to than NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , the place with over 30 years of experience using infrared sensors to remotely observe celestial bodies ? Together , they developed a fast and accurate thermometer that , when its disposable probe cover  to prevent cross-infection  is inserted into the ear canal , detects infrared radiation from the eardrum and gives a digital readout in less than two seconds . 6 . Fast-acting dental braces Do your old-fashioned braces set off airport metal detectors ? Save yourself embarrassing strip searches by getting new ones . Many orthodontists now use ceramic braces that are bonded to the teeth and strung together with a thin , light wire made of NiTinol  nickel-titanium  , an alloy brought to you compliments of NASA . Because of its amazing ability to maintain its original shape , NiTi  as it 's known in the industry  provides space satellites with the ability to spring open after being cramped and contorted inside a rocket . But do n't think its capabilities are limited to space . When used in dental appliances , NiTi exerts a continuous force against the teeth to move in the right direction , eliminating the need for wire tightening , thus reducing a patient 's overall time in braces ... and much of the pain . 7 . Protective paint What do the Statue of Liberty , a gigantic Buddha in Hong Kong and the Golden Gate Bridge all have in common ? They 're protected by the American space program ... sort of . In the late 1980s , NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center began a research program to develop coatings for the Kennedy Space Center in Florida to shield the launch structures from salt-air corrosion , rocket exhaust and thermal stress . Applications of this material proved ideal for protecting structures like bridges , antenna towers and the occasional big Buddha . 8 .  Better  cardiac pacemakers Pacemakers have come a long way since their invention in 1950 . Far from the large , external contraptions used early on , modern pacemakers can self-adjust in most cases and even activate themselves when needed . But one of the most significant advances in pacemaker technology came in the 1970s , with the help of a NASA-developed system of communication called bi-directional telemetry , originally used to communicate with satellites . Siemens-Pacesetter , Inc. teamed with NASA to develop a similar telemetry system , which not only allows doctors to make changes to the unit 's function over time , but also updates them on how the device is interacting with the patient -- all without picking up a scalpel . 9 . Scratch-resistant glasses Thanks to NASA technology , plastic lenses for glasses last up to 10 times longer than they used to . That 's because its Ames Research Center created a scratch-resistant  read : extremely hard  coating to protect equipment from getting beaten up by space debris . Later , the Foster Grant Corp. acquired the license for the coating method and used it in their plastic sunglasses , which matched the hardness of glass lenses , but were much lighter . Among other uses , it 's now employed in most eyewear and industrial face shields . 10 . Oh-so comfy sneaker insoles Ca n't run a five-minute mile ? Do n't blame your sneakers . If they 're relatively new , they 're probably giving you quite a bit of help already . In the 1970s , many shoe manufacturers began replacing their standard foam rubber insoles with a new , highly shock-absorbent material -- one giant step for tennis shoes . The new kicks were padded with "  viscoelastic " bubbles that conformed to your foot and then returned to their normal shape when you took the shoes off . Turns out , they got the idea  and the technology  from NASA , which had developed the material to better cushion astronauts during blastoff . And one pop culture killer Despite popular theory , NASA did NOT invent Tang orange breakfast drink for the astronauts . It was introduced in 1957 by General Foods and was on grocery store shelves for years before NASA decided it worked well in space . E-mail to a friend For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	Several everyday items come from space program Cushions for astronauts leads to better shoes for us NASA communication system leads to better pacemakers Statue of Liberty protected by coating developed by NASA
Seoul , South Korea  CNN  -- Samsung Electronics said Friday it is expecting weaker third quarter sales as demand for flat screen televisions and computer chips falls . The South Korean technology giant forecasts an operating profit of 3.75 trillion won  $ 3.5 billion  , down 13 % from a year earlier . Profits are expected to rise though from the previous quarter by 12 % . Analysts say Samsung 's handset sales are helping weaknesses in other businesses . "  Semi conductors are still strong and even if they do n't make as much profit , it 's not because they 're less competitive , it 's because the semiconductor market as a whole went down . As for smart phones , they are becoming comparable with Apple , they have n't surpassed Apple yet but they are catching up very fast , " Lee Sun Tae of Meritz Securities in Seoul said . Experts also say the strengthening US dollar against the Korean won helps exports and the bottom line . Lee estimates a small increase in the dollar 's strength of less than one cent could result in an extra $ 250,000 profit for Samsung . Lee believes the US dollar will continue to gain strength for the rest of this year .	Analysts say Samsung 's handset sales are helping weaknesses Experts also say the strengthening US dollar against the Korean won helps exports
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- Few items are more highly prized among collectors of historical artifacts than a handwritten letter from President Lincoln . This letter from President Lincoln to Treasury Secretary Salmon Chase has been returned to the government . Now , there 's one fewer in circulation . An Arizona collector handed over to the federal government Thursday a rare handwritten letter from Lincoln to Treasury Secretary Salmon P. Chase . The letter , dated four days before Lincoln delivered the Gettysburg Address in 1863 , had been missing for more than 60 years . Federal officials , who have not ruled out its possible theft from a government collection , discovered it two years ago during routine monitoring of online auctions . They have been negotiating for its return ever since . In the short note , torn from the center of a bound volume , Lincoln tells Chase to do a small favor on behalf of someone recently fired from his job with the federal government . "  Mr.  Robert  Stevens , late Superintendent of the Mint at San Francisco , asks to have a copy , or be permitted to examine , and take extracts , of the evidence upon which he was removed , " Lincoln writes . "  Please oblige him in one way or the other . " Larry Cutler , a former prosecutor who collects artifacts ranging from Greek antiquities to presidential documents , said he had owned the document for several years and considers it a "  cornerstone " example of Lincoln 's compassion . Stevens , according to Cutler , was "  a guy who was let go or lost his position or otherwise fired , and he wanted to look at his personnel file to find the reasons why he was let go . " But officials at the National Archives suggested that there was more involved than just Lincoln 's well-known practice of personally responding to letters from constituents . Jim Hastings , a senior official at the Archives , said Lincoln was taking care of some political business even as the Civil War raged . Stevens was the brother-in-law of Sen. Edward Baker of Oregon , a close colleague of Lincoln 's when the two practiced law in Illinois . Baker , who was politically influential in the western United States , was killed in the Civil War two years before Lincoln requested the favor for Stevens . Hastings said "  this document shows his regard for the senator . It shows his interest , even in the midst of the Civil War , in political issues on the West Coast . ... It 's quite important . " Cutler said his nature as a prosecutor made him question government officials when they first sought to retrieve the letter , which had been in private hands for decades . Initially , according to Cutler , an investigator reached him on his cell phone and asked him to just send the document back by registered mail . "  I do n't work like that , " Cutler said . He said , "  it took them quite a while to prove to me it was once theirs . " Cutler asked them this month whether he "  could see the volume that they claimed held the other half of the letter . " "  They opened it up , and it did n't match , " he said . "  My half of the letter was not the same size of the half they have . " Cutler was later convinced , however , when investigators showed how an untrimmed edge matched the torn remains in the volume , along with other evidence they felt established the source of Cutler 's document . He declined to say how much he paid for the Lincoln letter at an auction in 2006 but said a similar document in the president 's handwriting is currently for sale at an asking price of $ 78,000 . With television cameras , reporters and photographers capturing the moment , Cutler handed the formerly lost Lincoln letter to a National Archives official . "  Here it is , " he said . "  I appreciate the opportunity " to donate it during the bicentennial of Lincoln 's birth . CNN 's Alan Silverleib contributed to this report	Rare handwritten letter is from Lincoln to Treasury Secretary Chase Letter is dated four days before Lincoln delivered Gettysburg Address Larry Cutler says he had owned the document for several years Cutler returned the letter to the National Archives on Thursday
Editor 's Note : Barry Eichengreen is George C. Pardee and Helen N. Pardee Professor of Economics and Political Science at the University of California , Berkeley . He is the author of "  Golden Fetters : the Gold Standard and the Great Depression , 1919-1939 . " Barry Eichengreen says strong action should be taken to stop the financial crisis from getting worse . BERKELEY , California  CNN  -- Every time the economy and stock market turn down , financial historians get predictable calls from reporters . Could this be the start of another Great Depression ? Could "  it " possibly happen again ? My stock answer has always been no . The Great Depression resulted from a series of economic and financial shocks -- the end of a housing bubble in 1926 and the end of a high-tech bubble in 1929 -- but also from truly breathtaking neglect and incompetence on the part of policymakers . It could n't happen again precisely because policymakers know this history . Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke is a student of the Great Depression . Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson remembers the mistakes of Andrew Mellon , Herbert Hoover 's treasury secretary . We can be confident , I always answered , that there will not be another Great Depression because policymakers have read financial histories like mine . At least that was my line until recently . Now I have stopped taking reporters ' calls . The first thing that made the Great Depression great , of course , was the Fed 's failure to act . It basically stood by as the banking system and the economy collapsed around it . This time , in contrast , the Fed can hardly be criticized for inaction . Not only has it cut rates , but it has rolled out one new unprecedented initiative after another . Unfortunately , it has reacted more than acted . First , it provided funds to the commercial banks . Then , it targeted broker-dealers . Now , it is desperately propping up the commercial paper market . All the while however , the problem has been infecting new parts of the financial system . One thing that restrained the Fed in the 1930s was the fear that rate cuts might cause capital to flee to other countries and the dollar to crash . The danger was that the same liquidity that the Fed poured in through the top of the bucket might just leak back out through these holes in the bottom . There was a solution : coordinated rate cuts here and in Europe . Unfortunately , central bankers could n't agree on what was needed . The result was further instability . That central banks have learned this lesson of history and now see the need for coordinated action is at least one ground for hope . The problem is that they have already used their bullets . iReport.com : What lessons have your family passed down from the Great Depression ? U.S. Treasury bill rates have essentially fallen to zero , and the Fed 's policy interest rates are only slightly above that level . Central banks are out of ammunition . This is no longer a problem they can solve by themselves . What is needed now is Treasury action to address what has morphed into a global banking crisis . Between 1930 and 1933 , not just the U.S. but also Europe and Latin America experienced rolling banking crises . When Austria took desperate measures to prop up its banking system , its banking crisis only shifted to Germany . When Germany did the same , the crisis spread to the United States . This was beggar-thy-neighbor policy at its worst . We have seen some disturbing evidence of the same in recent weeks , as when Ireland unilaterally guaranteed all bank deposits and thereby sucked funds out of the British banking system . G7 leaders , when they meet in Washington at the end of this week , need to explain exactly how they will address this aspect of the problem . They need to commit money to recapitalizing their banking systems -- now , and not next week . The U.K. , which has just announced a $ 50 billion plan for bank recapitalization , has shown how this can be done in a matter of days . But a coordinated initiative will require the U.S. to put up a considerably larger sum . My recommendation would be to abandon the idea of reverse auctions for toxic assets and instead use the $ 700 billion of the recently passed rescue plan for bank recapitalization . Although the Great Depression started in 1929 , it took until 1933 for American leaders to grasp this nettle and recapitalize the banks . We ca n't afford to wait for years this time around . A final thing that made the Great Depression such a catastrophe was that some of the worst shocks occurred right before the 1932 presidential election . There then followed an extended interregnum between the election and inauguration of the new president when no one was in charge . The outgoing president , Hoover , asked his successor designate , Franklin Roosevelt , to cooperate with him on joint statements and policies , but FDR refused to do so . Meanwhile , the banking crisis deepened . Corporations failed . The economy was allowed to spiral downward . It was this disaster that led us to amend the constitution to shorten the time between presidential election and inauguration from 4 to 2 1/2 months . The implication is clear . The two presidential candidates should be assembling their financial SWAT teams now . Paulson should promise that they will be invited into his office on November 5 . This problem can not wait until Inauguration Day . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of the writer .	Eichengreen : Serious mistakes were made by policy makers in Depression Today 's leaders know the lessons of the Depression , he says Still , events are rapidly overtaking the resources of the central banks , he says Eichengreen : The problem ca n't wait until Inauguration Day to be solved
CNN  -- Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama left a White House meeting , described as at times "  contentious , " with no apparent financial bailout deal worked out . Obama , appearing on CNN 's "  The Situation Room " after the meeting , said there "  has to be a sense of urgency on the part of everybody . ... We 've got to move rapidly . " Obama said that there will be a deal eventually but that there is still work to do , including reaching a consensus among Bush , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and House Republicans . McCain told ABC News on Thursday night that Republicans "  have legit concerns . Some of those have already been satisfied , such as accountability and oversight board and CEO executive pay . Members are aware of the crisis situation that we are in . " But , McCain said , "  They do have concerns , which I think when you 're talking about 700 billion to a trillion dollars , that need to be addressed . " Obama , who will spend Thursday night in Washington , once again railed against infusing presidential politics into the negotiations over the $ 700 billion economic bailout . McCain 's campaign said he will also stay in the Washington area for the night . "  One of the concerns I 've had over the last several days is that when you start injecting presidential politics into delicate negotiations , " Obama said , "  then you can actually create more problems rather than less . " Watch more of Obama 's comments " Democratic sources said that House Minority Leader John Boehner threw a wrench into the meeting when he brought up issues from conservative Republicans that negotiators thought had been settled . But a House leadership aide said that there had been no bipartisan negotiations with House Republicans . The aide said Rep. Spencer Bachus , who had been meeting with Sen. Chris Dodd and Rep. Barney Frank , heads of the Senate and House banking committees , had no authority to speak for them . In a statement before the meeting , Bachus said that he had made it clear in the meeting that "  I was not authorized by my colleagues to make any agreement on behalf of House Republicans . " Boehner said that he needed more time to get agreement from House Republicans , a senior administration official said . Obama asked whether the House Republicans ' proposals fit in with the four principles that the leadership had agreed on , but Boehner could n't answer that , a Democratic source said . Multiple sources said McCain did n't say much . Two Democratic leadership aides said he did n't speak until 43 minutes into the meeting . When asked whether Friday 's debate will go on if McCain does n't show up , Obama said : "  I hope he does . " McCain also told ABC News that he was "  very hopeful that we can -LSB- attend the debate . -RSB- I believe that it 's very possible that we 'll get an agreement so that I have time to fly to Mississippi . " CNN has learned that the University of Mississippi -- site of the first presidential debate -- has been told by the Presidential Debate Commission to continue preparing for the event . Both McCain and Obama advance teams were seen on stage going through sound and video checks from their candidates ' respective podiums . In Washington , White House press secretary Dana Perino released a statement saying , "  The president appreciates the bipartisan members of the congressional leadership and the two presidential candidates coming to the White House today to discuss how to finalize the financial rescue package . There is a clear sense of urgency and agreement on the need to stabilize the financial markets , and prevent a massive financial crisis from affecting everybody in America . " The statement went on to say that the group will continue to work on a deal . But according to Sen. Richard Shelby , R-Alabama , who attended the meeting , "  we will not have a deal . " Watch iReporters react to the bailout negotiations " The meeting included many key players : Bush flanked at the table by Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , Obama and McCain on opposite ends of the table , Boehner and Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell also between the two presidential candidates and Vice President Dick Cheney across from Bush . According to several Republican aides , there is still major opposition to the "  agreement on fundamental principles . " The fact that House Republicans are still not coming on board poses a major obstacle for any kind of deal . Pelosi and other House Democratic leaders have repeatedly said that this is Bush 's bill and that he and other GOP leaders need to get Republicans to support it . McCain , who announced Wednesday that he was suspending his presidential campaign until a bailout plan was worked out , met with some Republican House members to try to bring more of them on board to back the agreement , according to a source in the room and one who was briefed on the meeting . The gist of the meeting , according to sources , was that these members "  are n't there yet " on the plan the Senate Banking Committee worked out and say there needs to be greater protection for taxpayers . One Republican aide said that "  not much has changed in the last 24 to 48 hours . I think it has to be pretty radically altered for House Republicans to support it . " This aide stressed , "  at the end of the day , these members represent the people who sent them here , and the people who sent them here are so overwhelmingly opposed to this . " This aide said the calls coming into GOP offices are 90 to 1 against the plan . Boehner , R-Ohio , has tapped a group of House Republicans to develop alternative ideas . Earlier , Boehner released a statement that said , "  I am encouraged by the bipartisan progress being made toward an economic package that protects the interests of families , seniors , small businesses , and all taxpayers . " It 's unclear whether McCain agreed with this approach , but one aide said he put the principles "  in his satchel to take over to the White House . " Republicans recognize that there is pressure building to get something done before the end of the week . "  There sort of a tacit understanding among everyone that it has to happen before Monday , " a third GOP aide said . Obama turned down McCain 's suggestion that they both suspend their campaigns to focus on securing a deal on a bailout plan . He also passed on McCain 's suggestion that they postpone Friday night 's first presidential debate in Oxford , Mississippi . Democrats fear that McCain will take credit for bringing reluctant Republicans around to agreeing with a bailout plan in order to bolster his argument that he would be a better leader in crises than Obama . "  The Democrats , of course , are very afraid that McCain is going to swoop into these delicate negotiations on Capitol Hill at the last minute and when they reach an agreement , he 's going to claim credit for having brought those negotiations to a successful conclusion , " CNN senior political researcher Alan Silverleib said . A McCain source insists that the Arizona senator is aware of the politics involved and recognizes that Democrats -- and even some Republicans -- are wary of having it appear that McCain is brokering a deal . CNN 's Dana Bash , Peter Hamby , Ed Hornick , Suzanne Malveaux and Deirdre Walsh contributed to this report .	NEW : McCain "  hopeful " he 'll attend Friday 's presidential debate NEW : "  We 've got to move rapidly , " Obama says Debate preparations continue in Mississippi McCain , Obama meet with Bush , politicians at White House
CNN Student News  -- October 5 , 2012 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Syria ; Turkey Denver , Colorado ; Toronto , Canada Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  The crusade to find a home for a sacred electric guitar is reverberating like a thundering encore through the music business as innovator Les Paul 's Black Beauty from the '50s is going up for auction . The Gibson-made instrument , called the Holy Grail of Guitars by some , is being sold by Tom Doyle , the late Paul 's longtime friend , engineer , co-inventor and guitar tech . "  This happens to be the first prototype of what we call the Black Beauty . It was sent to Les in 1953 , 1954 , " Doyle told CNN , holding the instrument with shiny pearly inlays on the guitar neck glinting back overhead lights . "  This is the beginning of the proper Les Paul guitar . " Doyle explains virtuoso Paul would hold notes on the guitar , sustaining a beautiful ringing that seemed to model in part a melodic Bell Telephone tone of the early 1950s . "  And that 's what the kids loved , " Doyle said and ran off some Les Paul guitar converts . "  Neil Young was one of course . Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin , Slash , Jeff Beck , Billy Gibbons of ZZ Top . "  So many people love that bell-like sound , the sustain , that thickness of notes . They could turn this into a jazz guitar , a country guitar , a heavy rock guitar as well . " Doyle , sitting on a wooden stool at the massive National Association of Music Merchants Convention in Anaheim , California , began picking away on the black guitar , a fluid sound that lured buzzing attendees to stop and listen . Salesmen in $ 2,000 suits stood next to male rockers in $ 10 black T-shirts and eyeliner and mouthed over the music "  that 's so bleepin ' cool . " "  Les brought this to me many times to be reworked , " Doyle said . "  And the last time he brought it to me he said , ` My God you should have this guitar . ' " Paul , who is credited with many recording innovations , died in 2009 . Doyle is 72 , retiring and said because of its historical significance , he would like to see the guitar end up in a museum , such as the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Museum in Cleveland or Experience Music Project in Seattle . Guernsey 's will sell Black Beauty and other instruments on February 19 at the Arader Galleries on Madison Avenue in New York City , also accepting bids on line and by telephone . Doyle explains the guitar became showcased in the 1950s on 170 television shows , "  Listerine Presents : Les Paul and Mary Ford . " Black and white video clips show singer Mary Ford and her husband doing classic songs such as "  Alabamy " or their signature "  Vaya Con Dios . " "  The guitar was great for television , very very showy , " Doyle said . "  And you could see Les ' hands fly all over this neck because of the black background . " In music business lore , a great guitar tech is like a superstar mechanic for a race car driver . Doyle and other guitar techs are often handed the beat up , broken , out-of-tune instruments and begged to get the old classic and running again by celebrity musicians . "  When it came to difficulties where this guitar was n't coming back to well , he  Les Paul  would say ` Bring it back Tom , do what you got to do to make it play , ' " Doyle laughed . "  When I was doing this work for him it was a great honor . Here is my idol asking me to do work on his guitars . "	The Black Beauty is being sold by Tom Doyle , the late Paul 's longtime friend and engineer He hopes it ends up a good music museum , perhaps in Cleveland or Seattle
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com . If you 're struggling to find work , try applying for positions that are more obscure . Job seekers in today 's economy are all familiar with the difficulty in finding a job . Adding to that difficulty is the fact that many job seekers are all competing for the same positions and job titles . Perhaps the secret to finding a job in this competitive market is by looking for work in a lesser-known field that not many people know about . Do such industries exist ? Absolutely -- you just need a little help in finding them . U.S. News and World Report compiled their annual "  Best Careers " report and this year , they added something new . They profiled 10 jobs that scored just below "  Best-Career " level but , because they 're little known , they may be easier to land a job . Here are 10 of the best-kept-secret careers , in alphabetical order , according to U.S. News and World Report : 1 . Accent-reduction specialist What you do : Trying to understand and communicate with people who have heavy accents or poor English can be difficult and frustrating . Whether your accent is from Brooklyn , India or the Southern United States , accent-reduction specialists will work with you to communicate more clearly and effectively . What you need : A master 's or Ph.D. in speech-language pathology , a state-issued license in speech-language pathology , or a specialty credential in accent reduction or ESL training . Salary * : N/A 2 . Casting director What you do : You cast all of the actors in commercials , movies , plays , etc. , from the leading role to the hundreds of extras . You 'll schedule auditions , read scripts , talk to agents and help actors relax in their auditions . Casting directors typically work alongside directors and producers to find the right person for a role . What you need : No formal training is required , but experience is vital . Many start out as interns or in an entry-level position as an assistant in a talent agency or as a casting assistant . A background in arts , English , film or theatre is helpful . Salary : $ 42,333 3 . Child-life specialist What you do : In this rewarding field , you 'll work with sick children and their families in hospitals , hospices or programs for children with serious diseases . You 'll determine the medical and emotional needs of the child and support him or her , whether it 's creating games and activities , helping to get them comfortable in their surroundings , or role-playing scary medical procedures . You 'll also help support the patient 's family . What you need : A bachelor 's degree in a related field and one year of experience working with hospitalized children . Salary : $ 43,997 4 . Creative perfumer What you do : Without getting too technical , you 'll mix several scented chemicals to concoct the perfect fragrance . It can take hundreds of trials and consumer testing to get it just right . What you need : A good nose , lots of patience , experience and an education at perfumery school . It takes about seven years to train as a perfumer , and about 10 years before you are considered a qualified perfumer . Salary : $ 21,791 5 . Orthoptist What you do : Orthoptists provide vision training for patients with correctable vision defects like a cross or lazy eye . They measure visual acuity , focusing ability and eye-motor movement , then work with ophthalmologists  eye doctors  to create treatment plans for the patient . What you need : A combination of over one year of directly related training and/or experience ; two years of post-bachelor 's training is typically required . Salary : $ 40,280 6 . Orthotist/prosthetist What you do : Help patients with partial or total absence of limbs by either creating a custom-designed orthopedic brace  orthotist  , or designing and making custom-fit artificial limbs  prosthetist  . What you need : A combination of over four years of directly related training and/or experience . Salary : $ 58,134 7 . Program analyst What you do : Also called a management analyst , you 'd work in federal and local governments , providing information on the most effective way to carry out a project or procedure . The job involves gathering and analyzing lots of data , in addition to writing reports outlining the information you found . What you need : A master 's degree in public policy is preferred , but a bachelor 's degree and experience is standard . Salary : $ 63,610 8 . Program evaluator What you do : You 'll evaluate several different programs , making suggestions about changes to make them better , or whether they should even continue . You 'll switch programs every few weeks  or whenever you are done evaluating  , so you 'll get to work with a variety of clients , whether it 's a nonprofit , corporate venture or a government initiative . What you need : A bachelor 's degree is sufficient , although some evaluators have a Ph.D. from specialized training programs . Salary : $ 56,647 9 . Prospect researcher What you do : True to their job title , prospect researchers identify prospective donors who are likely to contribute to a cause . Typically employed by nonprofit organizations , you will find people who have donated to similar causes in the past and dig up detailed information about them to help solicitors maximize the donation . What you need : N/A Salary : N/A 10 . Surgical technologist What you do : Essentially , you will scrub into surgeries and assist surgeons , nurses or other operating room personnel by arranging equipment and supplies , placing patients on the table and handing the surgeon his tools . "  Scalpel ! " What you need : Training programs last nine to 24 months and lead to a certificate , diploma , or associate degree . Salary : $ 33,777 * Annual salaries according to CBSalary.com , powered by Salary Expert Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 . All rights reserved . The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority	U.S. News and World Report does an annual "  Best Careers " list This year 's list included 10 little-known jobs that have more opportunities The list includes positions like casting director and creative perfumist Education required ranges from a bachelor degree to highly specialized training
CNN  -- My mom was always sports mad -- my dad not so much . But both my parents understood the importance of significant events , so when opportunity knocked , my parents opened up all doors for me . I grew up knowing full well that my country was n't allowed to participate in international sports following the sporting boycott of 1977 which had been placed on South Africa in a protest against apartheid -- a system of racial segregation enforced by the ruling white minority . So when the South African rugby team toured New Zealand in 1981 , my parents made sure that I was awoken at 04:30 to watch all three Test matches . I got to snuggle between my parents -- and a first -- they put the television in their bedroom . It was the "  flour bomb " Test -- where a light aircraft flew over Auckland 's Eden Park before and during the match , dropping flour bombs , smoke bombs and anti-apartheid leaflets -- where I began to realize that other countries did n't like us . I did n't understand why at the time , and it hurt a little . Later that day , I 'll never forget my parents telling me that it could be a long time before I witnessed something like this again . I was six at the time . They were right ; I would next see these two teams play as a 17-year-old . First trip My first trip to Cape Town 's Newlands Cricket Ground was to watch Western Province play a domestic match . It must have been my mom 's first trip too , because I distinctly remember entering the ground and ending up sitting on the grass embankment , which was reserved for colored people . Confused , we sat down . A kind couple offered us some fruit , so we stayed . I was blissfully unaware of how significant this possibly was . We returned a couple of years later to watch my first "  Test " match : South Africa vs. the West Indies . This time we were seated in the correct place , in the Oaks Enclosure , which ironically these days is a grass embankment . I remember the hype and the excitement about this special day . I had seen the Windies in their warmup game against Western Province and I knew that they were something special . They had vicious fast bowlers and flamboyant batsmen . We got there early , along with thousands of others , just to watch the warmups . The excitement was tangible . I do n't remember much about the games -- I remember more about the players . They were heroes to us . Perhaps there was some curiosity too , something about the islanders from far , far away on our shores . We used to follow them around the boundaries of the ground , hunting their prized autographs . And their accents -- just too cool . Did n't see color I know I did n't see the color . I do n't think most kids did -- they were just cricketers . At the end of play we would run on the field to try to touch them and grab one more autograph . Somewhere there is footage of me congratulating Sylvester Clarke by patting his back . I remember telling all my friends that I had touched the great bowler . While I had forgotten about it , listening to Franklyn Stephenson speak reminded me of the time we were trying to get him to drink from some kid 's Coke . He obliged and we all simply went crazy . I realize the significance of that event now . Imagine a black guy drinking from the same can ? Perhaps our parents would have flipped out , but this was n't about color to us . Other memories include how obliging and friendly they were . Happy to give autographs and happy to interact positively with the huge crowds . Branded a rebel It was with incredible interest and fascination that I watched "  Branded a rebel " -- a CNN World Sport documentary which first screened last year . It gave me greater insight into the players , the tour , West Indies cricket and indeed my home country . And while "  Branded a rebel " is an appropriate title for the program , it could have just as easily been titled "  Branded Heroes . " That 's what they were to us white South Africans , and I think deep down the Windies players felt that too . It 's all about what side of the line you were sitting , I guess . On their return home , the West Indian players were shunned by society and some were forced to move abroad to make a living . The poverty and other such ills which befell some of their players really tugged at all of my emotions . I started thinking what we as South Africans could have done for them . Could we have done more ? Did we look after them well enough after the fact ? It 's a difficult one . These men did n't deserve it , no matter what choices they made . Society can be cruel . Strangled by hatred It eats me up to think what those players endured upon their return . They were strangled by such hatred in their home countries , and yet I wish they somehow knew what they had done for young cricket fans like me . I got to see "  real " international cricket played at the "  highest " level . I got to meet new cricketing greats . I got to bowl like Clarke , Collis King and Colin Croft . I got to emulate David Murray 's great wicketkeeping skills on Clifton beach , field like Alvin Kallicharan and admire the patience and masterful batting of the great Lawrence Rowe . And something else -- they taught us not to take ourselves too seriously by showing how much one can enjoy themselves on the sports field . Their smiles , I 'll never forget their smiles . Each of their names is entrenched in my memory , and of all of those who saw the matches . They became part of my upbringing and that of thousands of South African fans . What I did n't understand at the time , was what it took for those men to actually land on our shores  money aside  . They must have been scared -- really scared . I know I would have been . In the interview with Clive Lloyd , longtime captain of the official West Indies team that dominated world cricket for two decades , he said no amount of money would have made him support a racist regime . I would go as far as to say no amount of money would have put my fears at ease to travel to South Africa . Courage It 's not for me to judge , but those men were courageous . In their cricket and in their collective decisions , and I respect that . A few years later , I did wonder how the black West Indian players got to travel using "  white " transport and stay in "  white " areas . I remember asking my mom how that worked . She did n't know , but you could see that my political curiosity was growing . I was disappointed that more players did n't take up the opportunity of being interviewed for the documentary . I was intrigued by Stephenson , King and Murray 's thoughts , motives and reflective answers . There seemed no real regret , which was fascinating and pleasing for some reason . As for those who declined an interview , their wounds obviously cut deep . Stephenson was just how I remember him . Boisterous , bubbly and always looking on the bright side of life . We got to know him well here , as he returned to play for the Orange Free State . The fact that he still has all his memorabilia means that the tour meant something to him , and that he feels part of change and change of attitudes in South Africa . I do n't know if they changed us as a society but I 'd like to thing so , even if it was an indescribably fractured and dysfunctional society . And by this I mean that white South Africa packed out every cricket ground to watch black West Indies , went home and made sure that "  The Cosby Show " was the most watched program on television -- and yet black people were pretty much denied and excluded from everything . Heart bleeds "  Branded a rebel " showed balanced reporting . I like the fact that you saw the tour from a South African perspective as well . Great players like Graeme Pollock , Barry Richards and Clive Rice also effectively served life bans for being , well , South African , and the program understood that . I know that , fundamentally , the tour was morally corrupt , but for an innocent nine-year-old devoid of political allegiances and beliefs , it was simply a chance to see the world 's best cricketers entertaining us on the world 's most beautiful stage . Ultimately , I 'd also like to believe that South African cricketers and administrators were trying to show the government the way forward , and that unity through sport was possible .	Sporting ban to campaign against apartheid in South Africa introduced in 1977 "  Rebel tours " were highly controversial , unofficial , international matches Team of West Indian cricket players visited South Africa in 1983 They were shunned by society on their return home to the Caribbean
CNN  -- After seven months of an aerial bombing campaign that helped depose Moammar Gadhafi , NATO said Friday it was ending its mission in Libya next week . The expected announcement from the alliance came a day after the United Nations Security Council rescinded its March mandate for military intervention . "  Today , we confirmed the decision taken by the North Atlantic Council a week ago , " said NATO Secretary-General Anders Fogh Rasmussen . "  Our operation for Libya will end on October 31 . Until then , together with our partners , we will continue to monitor the situation . And if needed , we will continue to respond to threats to civilians . "  Libyans have now liberated their country . And they have transformed the region , " Rasmussen said . "  This is their victory . " Susan Rice , the U.S. ambassador to the United Nations , said NATO 's mission puts Libya on a path to freedom . But she tempered her remarks with a word of caution . "  We 're very concerned that , as we move forward , that the authorities make maximum effort to swiftly form an inclusive government that incorporates all aspects of Libyan society , and in which the rights of all Libyan people are fully and thoroughly respected , regardless of their gender , their religion , their region of origin , " Rice said after the Security Council vote Thursday . "  But for the United States , and , I think , for the United Nations Security Council , this closes what I think history will judge to be a proud chapter in the Security Council 's history . " British Foreign Secretary William Hague described the Security Council passage of Resolution 2016 as "  another significant milestone towards a peaceful , democratic future for Libya . Ending the no-fly zone and the civilian protection provisions demonstrates that Libya has entered a new era . " Meanwhile , Gadhafi 's relatives plan to file a war crimes complaint with the International Criminal Court against NATO , a lawyer representing the family said Thursday . Members of the family believe NATO 's actions led to Gadhafi 's death last week , Marcel Ceccaldi said . "  All of the events that have taken place since February 2011 and the murder of Gadhafi , all of this means we are totally in our right to call upon the International Criminal Court , " Ceccaldi said . The ICC had issued a warrant for Gadhafi 's arrest , accusing him of crimes against humanity . It still has warrants out for the arrest of Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law and intelligence chief , Abdullah al-Sanussi . Questions have been raised about how Gadhafi was killed . Amateur videos showed him alive when captured by the opposition . He died from a shot in the head , officials said , but the circumstances surrounding the shot remain unclear . Ceccaldi said the Gadhafi family 's complaint will be filed in the coming days . "  Now we will wait and see if the ICC is a judicial system which is independent and impartial , " he added . NATO 's Libya campaign began in March , after the Security Council adopted Resolution 1973 , which imposed a no-fly zone in the country 's airspace and authorized member states to take measures to protect civilians . Meanwhile , U.S. officials announced plans to transport 30 seriously wounded Libyan fighters Saturday to U.S. hospitals in Boston and Germany . The National Transitional Council requested the treatment because their wounds ca n't be treated in Libya , officials said .	NEW : NATO ends its Libya mission Monday NEW : The seven-month campaign helped bring an end to Moammar Gadhafi Gadhafi 's family says it will file a complaint against NATO The U.N. Security Council voted to end a mandate authorizing the NATO operation
CNN  -- Secretary of State John Kerry landed in Kabul , Afghanistan , Friday for talks with President Hamid Karzai . The United States hopes to make progress on a long-stalled security deal with Afghanistan that would leave some U.S. forces in the country beyond NATO 's scheduled departure at the end of 2014 . U.S. officials say they hope to conclude a deal on the Bilateral Security Agreement , or BSA , in the "  coming weeks " and before Karzai meets with a council of tribal elders next month . Without a deal , the United States would keep no military forces in Afghanistan once the combat mission ends . In Iraq , all U.S. troops left at the end of 2011 after the two countries were unable to reach a similar agreement . The Afghan negotiations , which started last October , were supposed to be completed within a year . But issues related to Afghan sovereignty and American security guarantees for that country have made a deal elusive . Senior U.S. officials tell CNN the text of an agreement is about 95 % complete , but two main issues remain unresolved . The sticking points involve Afghanistan 's refusal to let U.S. forces conduct counterterrorism operations against al Qaeda operatives . Karzai wants the United States to hand over intelligence and allow Afghan troops to conduct those operations , something the United States has balked at . Karzai also is insisting on an American guarantee of Afghanistan 's security , similar to agreements the United States would have with a NATO ally or a country with a mutual defense treaty . Such a pact might compel the United States to send troops into Pakistan if Afghanistan was attacked . A former Senate Foreign Relations Committee chairman , Kerry has made multiple trips to Afghanistan in recent years . A state department official who briefed reporters on the way to Kabul said they hope Kerry and Karzai will make progress in the negotiations , but they do n't expect to close a deal . "  They will of course be discussing where we are and seek to continue to make progress , " the official said . "  Now negotiations were ongoing before we arrived and they will be ongoing after we depart from Kabul , so that was not the expectation in terms of a conclusion . " The Afghan leader , known for emotional rants against the United States and NATO forces , cast doubt this week on whether a deal could be reached . At a press conference , he issued a sharp rebuke to American and NATO forces in his country over a recent NATO airstrike in Nangarhar province that the Afghan government claimed killed five civilians . "  The United States and NATO have not respected our sovereignty , " Karzai said . "  Whenever they find it suitable to them , they have acted against it . This has been a serious point of contention between us and that is why we are taking issue of the BSA strenuously in the negotiations right now . " Referring to U.S. insistence on handling counterterrorism operations , Karzai said , "  The United States and its allies , NATO , continue to demand even after signing the BSA they will have the freedom to attack our people , our villages . The Afghan people will never allow it . " In an interview with Associated Press last week , President Barack Obama warned he would keep troops in Afghanistan only if the United States got want it wanted in any agreement . Daniel Markey , a senior fellow at the Council on Foreign Relations and author of the forthcoming book "  No Exit from Pakistan , " says that while the remaining issues are few in number , their importance could hinder chances for a deal . "  These sticking points , even if the differences have been narrowed , are sticky enough that there is some serious question as to whether this will happen before President Karzai leaves office , " Markey said . "  And the lack of an agreement will be harmful to the potential legacy of a stable and smooth transition , " he added . "  There are so many other reasons to be worried about Afghanistan : the economy , the election and the lack of progress in dealing with reconciliation with the Taliban . This is one more thing that does n't need to be added to the mix . " Washington is racing against two clocks -- one related to Afghanistan 's election next April , and the other involving military planning . Karzai has suggested his successor should be the one to conclude negotiations with the United States . U.S. officials and analysts have voiced concern that Afghans would take to the polls amid uncertainty about the future relationship with the United States . "  It is easy to see that we become an issue in the campaign , and not in a way that serves the U.S. interests , " Markey said . "  There could be a competition to show who is least willing to kowtow to the Americans . And then when they negotiate in that way , you never get a BSA . Then you have an Iraq situation , where we have to leave . But for Afghanistan , it 's more dangerous . It 's even more unstable and the regional consequences are of greater concern to India , Pakistan and even China . " Moreover , the lack of a deal would impact NATO 's military planning . The United States wants to give its troops , and those of other countries , enough time to prepare for keeping troops in Afghanistan . Other NATO countries , including Germany , say they will be unable to remain in Afghanistan if the United States and Afghanistan do not reach a deal . A total withdrawal would also put at risk billions of dollars in international aid . "  As a practical matter it will be difficult for us and our NATO partners to deliver on pledges we have made regarding both security and economic programs , " one senior administration official said .	The United States hopes to make progress on a long-stalled security deal with Afghanistan Issues related to Afghan sovereignty and U.S. security guarantees make a deal elusive Afghanistan refuses to let U.S. forces continue to conduct counterterrorism operations
Beirut , Lebanon  CNN  -- Air traffic controllers in Lebanon were telling the pilot of an Ethiopian Airlines flight to change course shortly before it crashed into the sea , the country 's transportation minister told CNN Tuesday . An international search team was combing Lebanon 's Mediterranean coastline for signs of life Tuesday amid fears that all 90 people aboard the Addis Ababa-bound airliner perished in the accident , authorities said . Lebanese Transportation Minister Ghazi al-Aridi said Tuesday it was too early to determine whether pilot error had caused the crash . He said the plane 's flight data and cockpit voice recorders would need to be recovered to determine why Flight 409 disappeared from radar screens shortly after taking off from Beirut 's Rafik Hariri International Airport at about 2:30 a.m. local time . The control tower lost contact with the plane before it made a course correction Monday , al-Aridi said . In a statement , Ethiopian Airlines said the pilot of the flight had more than 20 years of experience flying various aircraft with the airline 's network . The plane had been declared safe and fit to fly following a regular maintenance service on December 25 , 2009 , the airline said . The Lebanese military reported Tuesday that 14 bodies had been found -- nine fewer than an earlier count . Confusion early in the search led to double-counting , they said . No survivors have been found . The search included aircraft from the United States , Britain , France and Cyprus . The U.S. military sent the USS Ramage -- a guided missile destroyer -- and Navy P-3 aircraft in response to Lebanese requests for assistance , according to U.S. defense officials . "  We do n't believe that there is any indication for sabotage or foul play , " Lebanese President Michel Suleiman said Monday . The U.S. National Transportation Safety Board is also sending an investigator because the plane was made by a U.S. manufacturer . The Boeing 737-800 had eight crew members and 82 passengers -- 51 Lebanese nationals , 23 Ethiopians , two Britons and citizens from Canada , Iraq , Russia , Syria , Turkey and France -- when it went down , the airline said . The plane crashed about 3.5 kilometers  2 miles  west of the town of Na'ameh which is 15 kilometers  9 miles  south of Beirut . Government-owned Ethiopian Airlines is one of the largest carriers in Africa , serving Europe and three other continents . The airline has experienced two fatal crashes since 1980 . In November 1996 , a flight bound for Ivory Coast was hijacked by three men who demanded that the pilot fly to Australia . The pilot crashed while attempting an emergency landing near the Comoros Islands off Africa . About 130 of the 172 people aboard died , according to published reports . And in September 1988 , a flight struck a flock of birds during takeoff . During the crash landing that followed , 31 of the 105 people aboard died . CNN 's Nada Husseini and Cal Perry contributed to this report .	Search teams comb Lebanese coast following Ethiopian Airlines plane crash Pilot was told to change course prior to crash , transport minister says Just 14 bodies found so far ; plane was carrying 90 crew and passengers Plane disappeared from radar shortly after takeoff from Beirut on Monday
Atlanta  CNN  -- A Georgia judge Thursday sentenced Hemy Neuman to life in prison without the possibility of parole after jurors convicted him of fatally shooting a father outside a suburban Atlanta day care center . DeKalb County Judge Gregory Adams delivered the sentence less than two hours after a jury of nine women and three men found Neuman guilty of malice murder "  beyond a reasonable doubt , but mentally ill . " "  This situation was brought about by your hands , " Adams said , adding that the act "  appeared to be a planned execution . " In November 2010 , Russell "  Rusty " Sneiderman was shot multiple times in the parking lot of Dunwoody Prep after dropping off his then-2-year-old son in what police described as a "  cold and calculated murder . " The jury had three options , after beginning deliberations Tuesday : to find Neuman guilty of murder , to find him guilty but mentally ill or to find him not guilty by reason of insanity , as he 'd pleaded . They chose the second course . That meant Adams could either have sentenced Neuman to life in prison with the possibility of parole in at least 30 years , or life in prison without the possibility of parole . Neuman will be evaluated for mental illness in prison , and if diagnosed as mentally ill will be treated while incarcerated . After the verdict was delivered , Steve Sneiderman described his 36-year-old brother as a "  good provider , " "  devoted son , " "  wonderful brother " and a "  great father " to his two children . "  He had limitless potential , which now can never be realized because of this man , " Sneiderman told the court Thursday , referring to Neuman . Neuman himself spoke a short time thereafter , saying "  everybody lost " in this case -- making specific reference to Sneiderman 's son and daughter and his own three children . He called the man that he killed "  a good man . " "  I am so , so , so sorry . I ca n't say it enough , " Neuman said . During closing arguments and again Thursday after the sentence was handed down , defense attorney Doug Peters claimed that the victim 's widow had "  manipulated our client , who was mentally sick . " "  I believe she preyed upon him and used him to commit the crime that she is responsible for , " Peter said Thursday , noting that he did not believe that Andrea Sneiderman knew specifics of the shooting plan even as he suggested she inspired it . She has not been charged . Following the sentencing , DeKalb County District Attorney Robert James did not elaborate on whether Andrea Sneiderman might be charged later . He said only that "  it is something that we have under review right now . " "  Justice has been served here , " James told reporters , saying the focus Thursday should be on Rusty Sneiderman and not his widow . "  I want to thank God that finally , after a year and a half or more , this family -- a good family -- is able to begin the process of healing . " At the time of the shooting , Neuman was Andrea Sneiderman 's supervisor at work and both the defense and prosecution accused her of having an affair with the defendant . She denied the accusation in her testimony during the trial . "  There was no affair . Who kills someone else 's husband ? " Andrea Sneiderman said , claiming that Neuman said he 'd cared about her , her husband and her family before the shooting . The jury also found Neuman guilty of using a firearm in the commission of a felony . Adams sentenced Neuman to five years in prison for that charge , to be served concurrently with his life sentence . Witnesses testimony and evidence presented during the trial showed Neuman tried to disguise himself , staked out the victim , conceal his plan and later conceal evidence tied to the shooting . On the day of the murder , witnesses told police they saw a man -- later proven to be Neuman -- come up from behind Sneiderman and open fire in Dunwoody , a community about 15 miles north of Atlanta . The shooter then fled the scene in a silver minivan without a valid license plate . Sneiderman , a native of Cleveland , Ohio , received an MBA from Harvard and was an active volunteer with the Georgia chapter of the Cystic Fibrosis Foundation . Neuman , then 48 , was arrested nearly two months after the shooting . During his trial , which began last month , the prosecution had argued that Neuman was not insane . James , the district attorney , urged jurors to "  use your common sense ... and you apply it to determine whether or not somebody is malingering or telling the truth . " "  He 's insane , he sees angels , he sees demons , he 's crazy . ` Something 's wrong with me , ' " James said , repeating assertions made by Neuman and his defense team . "  If you can not trust the ingredients on this insanity sandwich , then I 'm going to ask you -- do n't eat it . " Doug Peters said that he and other defense team members plan to talk soon with Neuman , to discuss what their next step will be . But he suggested that an appeal should be forthcoming . "  We still do believe that a jury should return a verdict of not guilty by reason of insanity , " Peters said . "  We did n't get that this time , but we 're not about giving up . " An attorney for Andrea Sneiderman released a statement late Thursday saying her client "  is grateful for and relieved by the jury 's guilty verdict and sentence . " "  Nothing can bring back her husband , but it is reassuring to her that , after all of the noise and distractions surrounding this case , some measure of justice has been done for Rusty , " said the lawyer , Jennifer Little . InSession 's Nancy Leung contributed to this report .	NEW : A defense lawyer says they may appeal , adding "  we 're not about giving up " NEW : The DA says whether the victim 's widow is charged is "  under review " Her late husband was shot dead in 2010 after dropping off his son at day care After his conviction , Hemy Neuman says , "  I am so , so , so sorry "
Roger Federer has become the latest tennis star to turn to a former legend for help with the 17-time grand slam champion adding his "  childhood hero " Stefan Edberg to his coaching team for the upcoming season . The 32-year-old Swiss announced the move on Facebook , revealing that Swede Edberg will join the team for the first grand slam of 2014 in Australia next month . "  I am happy to announce that beginning in Melbourne , Stefan Edberg will join Severin Luthi on my coaching team , " Federer posted . "  Severin , who has been part of my team for the last seven years , will do most of the weeks and Stefan has agreed to work with us for at least 10 weeks . "  Stefan was my childhood hero , and I am really looking forward to spending time and learning from him . " Federer endured a difficult 2013 and dispensed with the services of American coach Paul Annacone in October . But Swiss Davis Cup captain Luthi has remained in the fold and told Federer 's official website that he was looking forward to working alongside Edberg . "  Like Roger , I have a tremendous amount of respect for Stefan and I am sure he will bring a lot to our team as Roger continues to chase titles in 2014 , " he said . Edberg spent a couple of days with Federer in Dubai earlier this month and his hiring follows a recent trend , started when reigning Wimbledon champion Andy Murray took on Ivan Lendl before the start of the 2012 season . Six-time grand slam champion Edberg will be hoping that his involvement with Federer will prove as successful . "  I 'm really excited to be part of Roger 's team and I hope together we can bring out his best tennis , " he told Federer 's official website . Others leading stars have also followed suit although Maria Sharapova 's association with Jimmy Connors lasted just one match . Earlier this month , ATP World Tour Finals champion Novak Djokovic hired German great Boris Becker to his coaching team . Former French Open Michael Chang is helping Kei Nishikori of Japan while another clay court ace , Sergi Bruguera , is in Richard Gasquet 's team . Becker has been watching Djokovic in action this week at the big exhibition tournament in Abu Dhabi and the Serbian reached the final Friday with a 7-6 6-3 win over Frenchman Jo-Wilfried Tsonga . He will play David Ferrer , who upset fellow Spaniard and world number one Rafael Nadal with a 6-4 6-4 win on a fast indoor surface . Djokovic , who ended 2013 with 24 straight wins , revealed he will not play any further warm up events ahead of his defense of the Australian crown . But he believes Becker 's experience will take him to even greater heights next year . "  He had a great serve and he can help me in different parts of my game on court as well , including the mental aspect , " Djokovic told gathered reporters . Meanwhile Murray , returning after injury wrecked the back end of his 2013 campaign , finished fifth in the six-man field when he beat Stanislas Wawrinka 6-3 6-4 .	Stefan Edberg joins Roger Federer 's coaching team Will start work at 2014 Australian Open Follows trend of star players recruiting former legends Novak Djokovic to face David Ferrer in Abu Dhabi final
EW.com  -- After watching Kim Richards ' bizarre behavior on "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " for months , we finally know the reason the reality TV star was acting strangely , and why she checked into rehab in early December . In People 's exclusive sneak peek at the "  Housewives " three-part reunion , Kim admits to "  Watch What Happens " host Andy Cohen : "  I 'm an alcoholic . " It 's not so much of a surprise to "  Housewives " fans who watched Kim 's sister Kyle Richards accuse her of that very fact way back in season 1 . But the scene from the reunion is shocking for a different reason : This is the most poised we 've seen Kim since season 2 began . It 's been a long time since we 've seen Kim calm , in control , and subdued -- here 's hoping rehab helped the troubled reality star . Now , if only the other "  Housewives " cast members could be as poised . That 's right -- it looks like we 're in for another doozy of a Housewives reunion , folks . We have Kyle referring to herself as the C-word , Lisa presumably talking about Brandi 's desire to sleep with her husband , and Kyle seemingly calling another cast member "  Angry Spice . "  Probably because she never got her money back for this . And , of course , we can expect plenty of talk about Russell Armstrong following his suicide : Cohen even asks Taylor if she ever considered whether or not he was murdered . "  The Real Housewives of Beverly Hills " reunion airs January 30 , February 6 , and February 13 . Check out People 's exclusive clip here . See the full article at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly  2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Kim Richards admits to "  Watch What Happens " host Andy Cohen : "  I 'm an alcoholic " It 's not a surprise to "  Housewives " fans who watched Kim 's sister accuse her It 's been a long time since we 've seen Kim calm , in control , and subdued
CNN  -- UEFA president Michel Platini is confident German Chancellor Angela Merkel would attend the final of Euro 2012 in Ukraine -- if Germany reach the tournament 's showpiece in Kiev on July 1 . Together with European Union commissioners and several other Western politicians , Merkel has threatened to boycott the month-long tournament , which Ukraine is co-hosting with Poland next month , in sympathy with jailed Ukrainian opposition leader Yulia Tymoshenko . "  I 'm not worried about the situation , " Platini told CNN in an exclusive interview ahead of Saturday 's Champions League final between Bayern Munich and Chelsea in the German city . "  The politicians they are in their role and the Ukrainians they are in their role . I 'm in my role and that is not to do politics , it 's not to do religion and not to interfere in everything . "  That means they can say what they want -- we continue to organize the Euro . If Germany is in final of the Euro I would be sure that Madame Merkel would come to the final . " Such a scenario -- and it is very possible given Germany are one of the tournament favorites -- would represent something of a u-turn for Merkel given earlier this month she told the Bundestag , the lower house of the German Parliament , that in Ukraine and Belarus "  people are still suffering under dictatorship and repression . " No regrets While admitting UEFA had taken a risk in giving Euro 2012 to Poland and Ukraine , Platini insisted he had no regrets about the European governing body 's decision to award the tournament to the two Eastern European neighbors . "  Four years ago when all the slides were red , red , red , red , red -- stadium , roads , accommodation was red , red , red , red it was not easy . OK we took the risk but I say it was a good risk . " As well as dealing with the political fall-out from Ukraine 's strained relationship with the West , UEFA is implementing a set of financial regulations -- Financial Fair Play  FFP  - that are designed to compel most teams to live within their means . The FFP rules apply now but will come fully into force in 2014 . But this new stringent financial regime has raised the question as to whether UEFA would prevent a big-spending team like Manchester City , which has incurred large debts after spending up to $ 1.5 B on winning the English Premier League  EPL  for the first time this season , from competing in the Champions League . "  I 'm happy for them , " said Platini , as he congratulated City on their title success . "  But they will know what we will do . And if they are in the Financial Fair Play they will play our competition but we will look at them like we will look at everyone else . "  We prepare everything with the clubs -- we gave them four years to prepare something for the future , " added Platini . "  We will never go back . " Technology opposed The former Nancy and Juventus midfielder and French captain , who led France when they won the European Championships in 1984 , remains equally resolute in his opposition to FIFA 's likely introduction of goal-line technology in the summer . The EPL wants to introduce goal-line technology as early as next season if football 's rule-makers -- The International Football Association Board  IFAB  -- sanction its use in July . "  I 'm against the technology , " said Platini . "  If you say OK to goal-line technology , then it is offside technology , then penalty area technology , and we stop the football . I want human people -- it 's easy . I understand the fans because they want justice but with an additional referee we have the same justice . " FIFA president Sepp Blatter has indicated he is in favor of goal-line technology and would like to see it in place for the 2014 World Cup in Brazil , but Platini has not given up all hope that the Swiss may still change his mind . "  I am football , he is political . " said Platini . "  He changes his mind . He said last year in the IFAB never technology , never . This year he changed , he 's says let 's go technology . I hope next year he will say no technology . " Looking ahead to Saturday 's showpiece event between Chelsea and Bayern , Platini insisted that that best two teams had reached the final , despite the widely held view that their respective semifinal opponents -- Barcelona and Real Madrid -- are Europe 's strongest teams . "  Could be , but the result is there -- it 's Bayern Munich against Chelsea . I did n't see Barcelona be better than Chelsea and I did n't see Real Madrid be better than Bayern in these games , " said the UEFA president . Surprising season "  Everything was surprising -- the non-qualification of some of the English teams to the second round , the fact that Chelsea and Bayern were not favorites for the semifinals and they beat Barcelona and Real Madrid . It has been incredible year for the legend of the cup . " Next season will be the 20th anniversary of the Champions League , which was formerly known as the European Cup . Asked to single out his favorite finals , Platini picked Liverpool 's win over AC Milan 2005 and Barcelona 's triumph in 2011 . "  Istanbul , was an incredible game for Liverpool against Milan and last year 's final between Barcelona and Manchester United was a great , great game with a great atmosphere at the stadium . "	Platini confident German Chancellor Merkel would attend Euro 2012 final if Germany playing Merkel and other European leaders have threatened boycott over political situation in Ukraine Platini stands firm on UEFA 's new Financial Fair Play Rules UEFA chief remains opposed to introduction of goal-line technology
A controversial New York Police Department surveillance unit that cataloged information on Muslim communities has been disbanded , according to the department . The NYPD 's Demographics Unit -- or Zone Assessment Unit -- was developed with the CIA 's help after the September 11 , 2001 , attacks . The unit has acknowledged that it engaged in monitoring that included Muslim-owned business and mosques across the New York region and has been the target of controversy and civil lawsuits . "  The Zone Assessment Unit , previously referred to as the demographics unit , has been largely inactive since January , " the department said in a statement Tuesday . "  Recently , as part of an ongoing assessment of Intelligence Bureau operations , personnel assigned to the Zone Assessment Unit were reassigned to other duties within the Intelligence Bureau . " The statement continued : "  Understanding certain local demographics can be a useful factor when assessing information regarding potential threats coming to the attention of the New York City Police Department , it has been determined that much of the same information previously gathered by the Zone Assessment Unit may be obtained through direct outreach by the NYPD to the communities concerned . " Two advocacy groups that filed a lawsuit challenging the unit and its activities said they were pleased it had been disbanded but want to ensure the surveillance stops . "  While we welcome the dismantling of the Demographics Unit as a long overdue step towards reining in the unconstitutional excesses of the NYPD , what has to stop is the practice of suspicion-less surveillance of Muslim communities , not just the unit assigned to do it , " said a joint statement by Muslim Advocates and the Center for Constitutional Rights , which filed the lawsuit in 2012 . "  We will continue to work , through litigation and advocacy , to ensure the NYPD is fully and finally respecting the rights of the Muslim community . " That suit , Hassan v. City of New York , was dismissed in February and is currently under appeal . The New York chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations echoed those sentiments . "  This is an important first step . However , the damage of unconstitutional mass spying on people solely on the basis of their religion has already been carried out and must be addressed , " said Board President Ryan Mahoney . This decision and the city 's move to drop an appeal of a federal judge 's August ruling that the controversial stop-and-frisk practice violated the Constitution are seen as signs of changes in the way the city operates . Mayor Bill de Blasio and Police Commissioner William Bratton have replaced former Mayor Mike Bloomberg and former Commissioner Ray Kelly . "  Our administration has promised the people of New York a police force that keeps our city safe , but that is also respectful and fair . This reform is a critical step forward in easing tensions between the police and the communities they serve , so that our cops and our citizens can help one another go after the real bad guys , " de Blasio said in a statement Tuesday . Bratton , who was police commissioner in the 1990s , once again took the helm of the nation 's largest police department in December at a time of low crime rates but heightened tension with the public over his predecessor 's controversial policies . When Bratton was introduced as New York City police commissioner , he talked about bringing the police and the public "  together in a collaboration of mutual respect and mutual trust . " "  I will get it right again in New York City , " Bratton said . In February : Spying on Muslims is legal ?	NYPD started the Demographics Unit after 9/11 and monitored Muslim business , mosques The department disbanded the group , saying outreach could yield the same the information Advocacy groups that filed suit welcomed the decision but remain vigilant about spying
New York  CNN  -- For the first time since 1979 , New York City school bus drivers went on strike Wednesday -- a protest that is affecting more than 150,000 students . As of 6 a.m. Wednesday , about 8,800 bus drivers walked off the job after city and union officials failed to reach an agreement , according to a spokeswoman for Local 1811 of the Amalgamated Transit Union . Bus drivers are demanding job security through what is called Employee Protection Provisions  EPP  . The provisions assure that senior bus drivers and matrons will get priority over newcomers . They also protect wages and pensions , according to the union . Mayor Michael Bloomberg denounced the strike , saying the union is "  seeking protections that are n't provided in any other school districts in the nation " and that members want "  job guarantees that they just ca n't have . " The impasse comes after Bloomberg , in a bid to cut costs , put out bids for nearly 1,100 bus routes currently handled by Local 1181 drivers . Last year , the city bid out contracts for preschool bus routes , and the new contracts will save taxpayers $ 95 million over five years . Strikers picketed Wednesday at 30 locations around the city 's five boroughs . "  It 's unfortunate that those that are hurt most by the mayor 's actions and the chancellor 's actions are the city 's most vulnerable schoolchildren and their parents , " ATU Local 1181 President Michael Cordiello said outside a Queens bus depot where several dozen bus drivers and matrons picketed The school system has 1.1 million students . New York 's State Court of Appeals has deemed the union 's requests for job protection illegal , Bloomberg said . " -LSB- The city 's -RSB- job is to get the lower price we can to get the jobs that we need to get done , " Bloomberg said , adding that the city does not employ the members of the union . "  Employees that are striking have to resolve their issues with the bus companies that employ them , not us . " Cordiello said , "  Despite public pronouncements , it is not illegal to put the EPP in the bids . " Frustrated union members blasted the mayor 's approach to the negotiations . "  This is the reason why the EPP was put back in the day  $ " it was to ensure that when we 're behind the wheels , and the matrons , they 're professionals $ " they 're well-trained . But what the mayor wants to do now is pay people low wages . And what you paid is what you 're going to get , " said Edwin Beniquez , a bus driver of 12 years . The city made contingency plans for the strike , with schools handing out transit cards for both parents and students , and also reimbursements for any personal vehicle use or car service expenses , according to the Office of Pupil Transportation . "  It throws my day off about an hour , " mom Karima Johnson told CNN affiliate WABC-TV . "  So I 'll be going to work a little bit late because I have to take her to school . " According to preliminary data , attendance for the day was 1 % below the average for the rest of the month , Department of Education spokeswoman Erin Hughes said . CNN 's Jason Kessler contributed to this report .	Bus drivers strike in NYC It 's the first walkout in more than 30 years City put 1,100 bus route contracts up for bids Drivers demand job security , wage protection
CNN  -- The United Nations is urging Pakistan to look deeper into reports that thousands of people inside the country have been illegally detained or disappeared . A U.N. delegation spent 10 days inside Pakistan at the invitation of the government , and interviewed families of the missing . The group issued a detailed report on their findings Thursday . In many cases , the group found , families were often intimidated or threatened against reporting cases to authorities and were given empty promises that if they did n't , their loves ones would be returned to them . The U.N. commission that receives reports of missing has more than 500 cases in its docket for all of Pakistan . But that number , the working group notes , "  may not be reflective of the reality of the situation . " "  According to various official and unofficial sources met during the visit , it is in the post 9/11 period that the question of ` missing persons ' began to raise real attention at the national level , " the report says . "  There is acknowledgment that enforced disappearances have occurred and still occur in the country . " "  Cases continue to be reported to the national authorities . But there are controversies both on the figures and on the nature of the practice of enforced disappearances . " CNN was unable to obtain comment Thursday and Friday from Pakistani government officials about the report . At least two high ranking Pakistani officials told CNN they were devoting attention to protests that have erupted in the country over an online anti-Islam film . Disappearances related to 9/11 The U.N. group visited Islamabad , Lahore , Karachi , Quetta and Peshawar and with families of those who are missing . "  We call on the State to guarantee the safety of those who have met with us and protect them against any form of reprisals , threat or intimidation , " the group wrote . Throughout their time in Pakistan , the group held numerous meetings with NGOs , activists and lawyers as well as government representatives . It talked with people involved in diplomatic circles in Islamabad and heads of various U.N. agencies . A number of cases of disappearances filed with the group allegedly occurred in 1985 and the beginning of the 1990s , in the country 's northwest region , the report says . The alleged disappearances appear to be related to conflicts in Afghanistan . And in the 1990s , the cases seem connected to the military operations carried out in Karachi , specifically in the Sindh province . In the 2000s , the working group started receiving information about people allegedly abducted "  in the context of the so-called ` war on terror ' and sometimes said to have been transferred to other  Pakistani  territories or detention " centers , the report says . The working group heard a range of figures for how many may be missing -- between a hundred to thousands . Found dead , tortured In the western province of Baluchistan , sources told the group that more than 14,000 people are still missing . In Baluchistan , since 2010 , people who were missing were discovered dead . Their bodies had signs of torture , and due to decomposition their families did n't recognize them . The local government says only 100 are missing , the U.N. group notes . The federal and local officials the group met with claimed the missing persons were not victims of forced disappearances , the report says . Rather , the officials said those people had actually been under criminal charges and chosen to go into hiding . Others , the Pakistani officials told the U.N. group , fled to another country to join illegal armed organizations . Another scenario presented to the U.N. investigators was that the missing were abducted by groups not affiliated with Pakistan . Some people who have gone missing and turned up again have testified to being held in unofficial places of detention , the report says . Many said they had been threatened not to speak about their detention . Fitting a pattern The stories of families of the missing appear to fit a patten , according to the report : Abductors appearing to be law enforcement and accompanied by what appear to be plain clothes intelligence agents , remove a person in front of witnesses . Some families told U.N. representatives they had tried to file a report with the police but were turned down or discouraged from doing so . Many filed their cases with the Supreme Court of Pakistan so that the Court would issue an order to the police to initiate an investigation . In a "  large number of cases , " the families would be threatened or intimidated against reporting . In a few cases , the U.N. group reports , lawyers defending the families were reportedly victims of enforced disappearances . The U.N. group praised efforts by some Pakistani courts in which people were found and returned to their families but "  in the greatest number of cases , " investigations went nowhere . Even when there 's evidence , the report says , perpetrators are often not prosecuted .	A U.N. delegation went to Pakistan to investigate reports of missing people Cases alleged law enforcement or Pakistani intelligence involved in cases The delegation released a report detailing its findings
CNN  -- When Elizabeth Joice found out that she was pregnant , she and her husband , Max , were ecstatic . A fertility specialist had told her that this would never happen , Max says , because of the chemotherapy Elizabeth underwent to beat sarcoma in 2010 . "  It very much felt like a miracle , " he says . "  Bringing a child into this world -- I mean , it was n't just important for me ; it was one of the most important things for Liz . " Then , one month into her pregnancy , Elizabeth 's cancer returned , he says . Surgeons removed the tumors in her back , but she needed a full-body MRI scan to know whether the cancer had spread . Because an MRI 's contrast dyes may damage a developing fetus , she faced a difficult decision . She could either terminate her pregnancy to undergo the scan or continue with the pregnancy without knowing her true cancer status . "  We felt that if we terminated this pregnancy and did these scans , if it turned out that there was no evidence of this disease after the scans , then we would have possibly given up our only chance at having a child naturally and would have done it for nothing , " Max said . "  It was a calculated risk . We knew there was a possibility of a worst-case scenario , but we also thought there was a good chance that we could have the baby . " Shortly after becoming pregnant , Elizabeth was introduced to filmmaker Christopher Henze . His upcoming documentary on pregnancy and motherhood will include the Joices ' story . "  It took about three minutes to realize that Liz was a stellar human being , and I wanted her for my movie , " Henze said . "  I was impressed by the way she looked at cancer as another problem to be solved . " Even though a shielded chest X-ray taken in November found no sign of cancer , by January , she was having trouble breathing . Another X-ray revealed tumors in her lungs . Her C-section date was moved up , and on January 23 -- six weeks early -- Lily Joice was born . "  It was incredibly difficult to want to enjoy this amazing moment as much as you possibly can , " Max said . "  Yet to know that you 're facing something so incredibly dire , and the chances did n't look good at that point . " After delivery , doctors found cancer in Elizabeth 's heart , abdomen and pelvis . She died in the hospital on March 9 . She was 36 . "  In the face of this life-threatening illness , " her husband said , "  she was so optimistic and so strong and so willing to go through whatever fight she would have to go through in order to have this baby . " Henze delivered a eulogy at Elizabeth 's funeral . "  Lots of people say ` Liz was ' ; I say ` Liz is , ' " Henze said . "  Through her spirit and grace , she is still affecting people , and she will through the movie , will continue to impact people . Liz is . " CNN 's Jennifer Bixler contributed to this report .	Elizabeth Joice underwent chemotherapy to beat cancer in 2010 One month into her pregnancy , the cancer returned Joice decided to not have an MRI to see how far the cancer had spread She died less than two months after giving birth to Lily
Berlin  CNN  -- The story of the so-called Forest Boy -- a riddle that has perplexed people in Germany and elsewhere for months -- is a lie , police in Germany said Friday . The 20-year-old hoaxer , who claimed he was 17 and lived in the German woods for five years , is actually from Hengelo , in the Netherlands . He never lived in the forest and made his way to Berlin some time last year , police said . He had been declared missing in September when he was 19 . But because he was an adult and could determine where he wanted to live , there was no further investigation by Dutch authorities , police in Germany said . Police say the man has admitted his story is a lie and confirmed his identity . He will have to leave a Berlin city youth home since he is not under age . The hoax ended after German police released a photograph of who they said was a 17-year-old known only as "  Ray " who turned up at Berlin City Hall last year after claiming to have been living in the woods for five years . Police say that not long after the first pictures of the man were published , a female acquaintance recognized him and told a Dutch TV network . The network informed the Dutch police , who then notified authorities in Berlin . Ed Koch , a spokesman for the youth services office of Berlin 's Tempelhof-Schoeneberg district , where the young man has been staying in the youth home , told CNN he is very angry about the hoax . "  He received funds from us for seven months that could have gone to other people in need , " he said . Koch says that the man will be given a notice to leave the youth home but will not be kicked out immediately . "  He will get some time to prepare . We might also just put him on a train to the Netherlands . We are not sure yet , " he said . Koch confirmed that authorities are looking into legal action against the man for "  social fraud , " for illegally getting housing and board for months , as well as a German language course , a cell phone , clothes and other items . The release of the photograph , along with details of his appearance and scant possessions at the time of his discovery , was part of an effort by German authorities to unravel the mysterious identity and family background of a young man who spoke English and a little German . According to authorities , he claimed to know only his name , his date of birth of June 20 , 1994 , and his parents ' first names . After months of investigation , German authorities said they were stumped . The man told authorities upon his discovery last September that he had been living in the woods with his father , Ryan , but decided to leave after his father died , investigators said . He could n't explain why his father died . Ray was unable to name or show the place he buried his father in the forest underneath stones , officials said , so investigators could n't find the body . "  They were hiking with the help of maps and a compass only and stayed in tents or caves overnight , " Berlin authorities cited the boy as saying , in a statement released Tuesday . Ray provided police with "  some vague information " about his mother , saying her name was Doreen , and he wore a gold-colored necklace around his neck that held a pendant with the letter "  D , " police said . He claimed that his mother had died in a car accident when he was 12 years old , but he did n't remember the details of the accident , authorities said . He said he presumed the accident caused the scars on his face . After his father died last August , he said , he roamed north for five days until he arrived at Berlin City Hall and asked for help last September 5 , authorities said . He could n't "  specify anything about cities , countries or regions him and his father had traveled through , " they said in a statement . A guardian was appointed , and German authorities tried to establish his identity through Interpol . "  The Youth Office and the Berlin Police have great doubts on the boy 's story . That is the reason why the Youth Office now decided to publish a photo of ` Ray ' and ask for your help , " authorities had said in the statement . The story was compared to that of the "  Piano Man , " who was found wandering near a beach on the isle of Sheppey , Kent , in southern England in 2005 . He was wearing a waterlogged dinner suit with all its labels cut out and a tie . It initially was reported that he stunned witnesses with a "  virtuoso performance " on the piano . The man was identified as a 20-year-old German national from Bavaria after telling staff at a hospital that he had been attempting suicide when found by police , the Times of London reported in August 2005 . The man could not play the piano as well as initially reported , the newspaper said . The man , whom authorities did not identify because of confidentiality laws , flew back home to Germany , the Times said .	NEW : German authorities say they are angry , may sue the man for "  social fraud " A female acquaintance saw the hoaxer 's photo and told Dutch TV who he was Police say he 's from the Netherlands and never lived in the forest German authorities had been trying to establish the man 's identity for months
A lawyer for Bill Cosby called the increasing number of claims of sexual assault against the legendary comedian "  ridiculous " and said the media should stop airing "  unsubstantiated , fantastical stories . " Martin D. Singer said in a written statement sent to CNN that it defies common sense that "  so many people would have said nothing , done nothing , and made no reports to law enforcement or asserted civil claims if they thought they had been assaulted over a span of so many years . " Cosby , 77 , has not faced a judge or jury , let alone been convicted , regarding any accusations . At least 10 women now have raised allegations against him . On Friday , Cosby told Florida Today he was n't going to respond to "  innuendos , " referring to the women 's accusations . "  I know people are tired of me not saying anything , but a guy does n't have to answer to innuendos . People should fact-check . People should n't have to go through that and should n't answer to innuendos , " Cosby told the newspaper in a backstage interview before his sellout performance at the King Center for the Performing Arts in Melbourne . His show began to a standing ovation , and he did n't mention the allegation during his 90-minute act , the newspaper said . Stories of Cosby 's purported misdeeds have been around for about a decade , but they recently got new life when another comedian took aim at him . Singer said there are plenty of attorneys who are ready to help victims file lawsuits against rich , powerful men . He blamed the media for the rise in the number of women who recently have alleged Cosby assaulted them or was sexually aggressive . "  Over and over again , we have refuted these new unsubstantiated stories with documentary evidence , only to have a new uncorroborated story crop up out of the woodwork . When will it end ? " he asked . "  It is long past time for this media vilification of Mr. Cosby to stop . " The media is violating its own reporting standards by rushing the women 's stories to air or print , he said . "  The new , never-before-heard claims from women who have come forward in the past two weeks with unsubstantiated , fantastical stories about things they say occurred 30 , 40 , or even 50 years ago have escalated far past the point of absurdity , " he wrote , adding the claims are "  increasingly ridiculous . " For decades , Cosby was thought of in glowing terms as a perceptive comedian , upbeat pitchman and genial father figure . His public personality made him more than rich -- it made him a role model , admired for his support of education and his no-nonsense talks on parenting and achievement . In recent weeks , that persona has been countered by another , much more sinister image , one Singer vehemently disputes .	"  A guy does n't have to answer to innuendos , " Cosby tells newspaper Cosby has been accused in the press by a number of women who say they were sexually assaulted The comedian , who is 77 , has never been charged with any such crime His attorney tells press to stop reporting new allegations because they are absurd
Manama , Bahrain  CNN  -- Thousands of joyous Bahrainis retook a major square in the heart of the island nation 's capital Saturday -- a dramatic turn of events two days after security forces ousted demonstrators from the spot in a deadly attack . The sight of citizens streaming into Pearl Roundabout came as the Bahrain royal family made moves designed to end a turbulent week of unrest capped by calls from world leaders to talk with opposition leaders with an eye to reform . Crown Prince Salman ordered the removal of the military from the Pearl Roundabout , a top demand by opposition forces , and told CNN 's Nic Robertson that citizens would be permitted to stay in the spot without fear . "  We have , under the leadership of his majesty , decided that the best way to handle the situation without any further loss of life or injuries is through dialogue , " he said . The crown prince said he was deeply sorry for the deaths of protesters . An investigation will be launched and those responsible will be held accountable , he said . "  This is a terrible tragedy for our nation , " he said . Salman also said the government will be embracing talks with all parties , a sign that the government is stepping back from confrontation and embracing dialogue . "  All political parties in the country deserve a voice at the table , " he said . Bahrain 's military withdrew from the square after issuing a statement saying it "  successfully completed " its mission of "  safeguarding vital areas in the center of the capital . " Police were placed in charge but withdrew from the roundabout on the heels of the military . Thousands of people streamed into the roundabout , the focal point of protests in central Manama , waving flags , praying , dancing and honking horns . "  I 'm feeling freedom , " one protester said moments after soldiers and police retreated . "  It 's the beginning , the beginning of our freedom . " While there was anger in the crowd over longstanding grievances , it was a sharp contrast to deadly confrontations early Thursday and Friday evening . Many of the protesters are Shiite Muslims , who make up 70 percent of the residents of the island kingdom and have long harbored deep political and economic grievances against the Sunni ruling family . Bahrain is one of several countries in the Middle East and North Africa to face a surge of dissent following the revolts that toppled longtime autocrats in Tunisia and Egypt . This week 's ferment upended the kingdom , a tiny but strategically critical country that 's a key U.S. ally and home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifith Fleet , and left 10 dead and many injured . Two protesters were killed early this week . Four people died after security forces stormed the Pearl Roundabout early Thursday , ousting an encampment of sleeping demonstrators and taking control of the location . Four others died on Friday evening after demonstrators attempted to approach the square and the security forces fired bullets and tear gas at them . World leaders have urged the Bahrain government to open talks with protest leaders . As international condemnation rolled in over the military 's use of force against peaceful demonstrators , the royal family urged a dialogue with all sectors of the society to resolve the situation . In a nationally televised address Friday , Salman offered his condolences , cautioned citizens and security forces to restrain themselves , and said the country wants a nation where neither Sunni or Shiites are favored . After Salman 's TV appearance , King Hamad announced that the crown prince is to lead a dialogue "  with all parties and sections of Bahrain , without exception . " But a leading member of parliament from Bahrain 's main Shiite opposition party , al-Wifaq , told CNN that there can be no dialogue with the government while the military controls the streets . The crown prince ordered the military Saturday to withdraw from Bahrain 's streets and left the police in charge to "  oversee law and order . " He appealed for calm and said "  the situation is going back to normal . " "  We are starting a new stage , a stage that we will discuss all our issues with all honesty and integrity , " he said . "  To all the citizens of Bahrain , I hope that we be shoulder to shoulder , collaborate with each other , and communicate with all the political forces . " CNN 's Nic Robertson and Tim Lister in Bahrain contributed to this report .	NEW : "  It 's the beginning , the beginning of our freedom , " one protester says Crown prince says protesters can stay in the roundabout without fear Bahrainis retake the site after military pulls out Ten people died this week during Bahraini unrest
New Delhi  CNN  -- We are all Malaysia Airlines Flight 17 . The callous , brutal shooting down of an airplane carrying 298 human beings could have happened to almost any other aircraft , carrying any other people , from anywhere in the world . Indeed , in New Delhi , reports suggest that two Air India flights were nearby when MH17 crashed ; one of them , Air India One , was carrying Prime Minister Narendra Modi from Frankfurt back to the Indian capital . Indian officials have been quick to offer their condolences to the families of the deceased . As a growing number of world leaders accuse Moscow of creating Frankenstein 's monster , of giving Ukraine 's pro-Russia rebels the heavy artillery that brought down MH17 , New Delhi is so far remaining on the fence . In its ugliest hour , facing the likelihood of unprecedented sanctions , authoritarian Russia can count on at least one powerful ally : India , the world 's largest democracy . Russia and India , bedfellows ? Sound surprising ? It should n't . Just last week , before the MH17 disaster , at a BRICS summit in Brazil , Modi expressed his country 's deep affection for Russia . "  Even a child in India , if asked to say who is India 's best friend , will reply it is Russia , " declared the Indian Prime Minister . Or consider how , at a speech in Moscow last year , then-Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said these words : "  Russia has stood by India at moments of great international challenge , when our own resources were limited and our friends were few . ... Indians will never forget . " Both Modi and Singh were pointing to decades of steady relations , starting with India 's independence in 1947 and its brush with socialism in the 1950s , through the Cold War years and the breakup of the Soviet Union , up to the present moment , with the two nations in the middle of joint naval drills in the Sea of Japan . The special friendship has disappointed a number of India 's other allies . Washington has been frustrated by New Delhi 's silence on Russia 's annexation of Crimea . Ukraine is even more upset . In an interview with the newspaper The Hindu , Ukraine 's ambassador to New Delhi said it especially behooved India to "  make a more clear statement on supporting Ukraine 's sovereignty and territorial integrity , " given its aspirations to be a U.N. Security Council member . On paper , it would seem that India and Russia are unlikely partners . They share little by way of history or culture , are run on completely different ideals of government and have opposing economic and demographic trajectories . According to a recent Pew survey , 45 % of Indians have a "  favorable " view of Russia . Meanwhile , 56 % of Indians view the United States favorably . Surely the U.S. -- the world 's second largest democracy -- would be a better official "  best friend " for India ? If only . As Indian commentator Rajeev Sharma put it in an essay last year , "  the Americans are known to be fast in finding new friends when it suits their national interest and faster in dumping them for the same reasons . " Russia has been a more reliable ally , according to Sharma . It has long been India 's biggest source of arms and , unlike the United States , has largely avoided doing business with India 's perennial enemy Pakistan . Opinion : Putin 's big blunder But if Russia becomes more and more isolated , how long would India stay loyal ? At what point would considerations of trade , arms and energy give way to a vision of what India stands for ? In the coming weeks and months , India 's government -- a fresh set of leaders with a rare , sweeping mandate for change -- will begin to formulate its foreign policy . It will need to redefine India 's place in the world . Put simply , you ca n't be everyone 's friend . The collective opinion and moral stance of the world 's largest democracy matters . It is easy to say nice things about relations with France , the U.S. , Brazil and the UK , as New Delhi has done so adeptly in the last few weeks . It is much tougher to manage unpopular friendships .	India has a long history of friendship with Russia Ravi Agrawal : MH17 disaster tests the alliance , raises questions He asks , will world 's largest democracy continue to side with authoritarian Russia ?
CNN  -- The family of a Somali-American man who died in Somalia have said they want to know who is responsible for recruiting him to join an al Qaeda-linked Islamist insurgency . Militia soldiers hold weapons as they train to prepare an attack in Mogadishu earlier this month . Jamal Bana is the third Somali-American from the city of Minneapolis to head to Somalia and die there . He is one of more than a dozen missing Somali-American men whose families believe have gone back to fight . "  Someone must have put something in his mind , " Omar Jamal of Minneapolis ' Somali Justice Advocacy Center said at a Sunday news conference with Bana 's family . "  He must have been somewhat disillusioned and indoctrinated because he did n't have any clue about Somalia at all . So someone somewhere must be responsible for his disappearance . " Watch as Bana 's family seeks answers " The same day as the family 's news conference , Somalia 's president -- a former member of the Islamist movement himself -- issued a plea to Somali-Americans not to join the fight in his country . "  I call on the Somali-American community not to send their youth to Somalia to fight alongside al-Shabaab , " President Sheik Sharif Ahmed said on Sunday . "  I am saying to those young men from abroad : ` Your families fled your home to America because of insecurity . You should not return here to ferment violence against your people . ' " Al-Shabaab , a group that is on the U.S. government 's terror watch list , remains entrenched in the northeast and sections of the south of Somalia 's capital , Mogadishu . It has ties to al Qaeda and has recruited foreign fighters to join its battle to overthrow the Somali government . The U.S. government announced last month that it is providing weapons to Ahmed 's government as it tries to quell the insurgency . Fighting has uprooted more than 200,000 people in Mogadishu since early May , according to the United Nations . Many of the missing Somali-Americans are believed to have left for Somalia when Ethiopian forces were still on the ground . The presence of these foreign forces was an outrage to most Somalis , and became a rallying cry of al-Shabaab . But the Ethiopians have now withdrawn . Bana , who was one of those who heeded the call to return to fight , was only 1 when his parents left Somalia and eventually brought him to the United States . The oldest of seven children , Bana was a top student at Washburn High School in Minneapolis , Minnesota . He was studying engineering at two area colleges before he went missing in November . On Saturday , his family learned of his fate : a photo of his body appeared on a Web site , a casualty of the ongoing conflict in Somalia . Jamal spoke for the family with one arm around Bana 's distraught mother , who quietly wept , covering her face with her headscarf . The father was too upset to attend the news conference , Jamal said . The family is asking the United States government to help them bring his body back home . In October , Shirwa Ahmed , 27 , a Somali-American believed to have been radicalized by al-Shabaab , traveled from Minneapolis to Somalia and blew up himself and 29 others . The incident -- the first-ever suicide bombing by a naturalized U.S. citizen -- raised red flags throughout the U.S. intelligence community and sparked an investigation by the FBI . Burhan Hassan , a 17-year-old Somali-American high school student in Minneapolis , went missing eight months ago around the same time as Bana . Last month , his family learned that he was killed in Somalia . Neither family has any idea why the young males left the United States -- where they came as young boys -- or who is responsible for their deaths . Bana 's family believes he was being held against his will . "  Only one time he placed a phone call  in mid-November  , he did n't say much , " Omar Jamal said . "  He spoke as if he was being held hostage . He could n't be speak freely . They asked him to cut the conversation short . "  The mother was asking him , ` Where are you ? Why did you  leave  ? ' He said , ' I can not talk to you , I just called to tell you I 'm here . I can not tell you anything . I 'll call you some other time . I 'm sorry I can not talk to you . ' " E.K. Wilson , an FBI special agent and spokesman for the Minneapolis field office , could not confirm the exact number of missing Somali-American men or confirm the recent deaths , citing the agency 's ongoing investigation . But he said the number of missing men believed to be in Somalia is "  in the 10s . " He said the possible recruitment of these men to fight alongside an al Qaeda-linked group is "  a significant concern . " "  Counterterrorism is our number one priority in the FBI and in this particular field division , and our efforts since 9/11 have been geared in that direction and with the goal of preventing future terrorist attacks , " he told CNN in a recent interview . "  So it is a significant concern and one that we 're giving our highest priority . " Since Shirwa Ahmed 's death in October , Wilson said the FBI has further expanded its outreach program to the Somali-American community around the United States . So far , there is no indication that al-Shabaab is recruiting young men from Somali-American communities outside Minneapolis . Asha Ali and her husband Ali Yusuf Omar help resettle Somali refugees in the suburbs of Atlanta , Georgia . They spoke to CNN on Sunday shortly after news surfaced of Jamal Bana 's death , and said they are baffled by what is going on in Minneapolis . "  Of course I 'm scared , " Asha Ali said . "  If that happened in Minneapolis , it could happen anywhere . " Asha Ali works for Refugee Family Services and Ali Yusuf works for Georgia Somali Community , Inc. . They have five children , a 14-year-old daughter and four sons ages 10 , 12 , 20 and 22 . "  I have seen mothers talking , " Asha said , referring to what 's going on in Minneapolis . "  I open my eyes now more . I watch my kids more closely . " The couple came to the United States in their 20s in 1982 , and all five of their children were born in America . She said there have been no reports of any missing Somali-Americans among the tight-knit community which are centered in the towns of Stone Mountain and Clarkston , near Atlanta . Asha and Ali Yusuf attend various mosques , or masjids , in the Atlanta area -- which are the centers of the Somali-American community -- and say they all preach tolerance and demand that young people stay out of trouble . Asha said she can not figure out what led the young men in Minneapolis to want to return to Somalia . "  What is this ` al-Shabaab ' ? What does this word mean ? " she said . Their fight against fellow Somalis , she said , does not make sense to many members of the expatriate community . Either way , Somali-Americans want to know why these young men and boys are going to the country that their parents struggled so hard to leave behind to provide a better life for their children . "  It 's a question mark who 's behind it , " Asha Ali said . "  I 'd love more than you to find out . " CNN 's David McKenzie and Tricia Escobedo contributed to this report .	Jamal Bana is third Somali-American to head to Somalia and die there Bana 's family want to know who recruited him to join Islamist insurgency President Sheik Sharif Ahmed says U.S.-Somalis joining Islamist rebels Many Somalis went to U.S. after 1992 American intervention in Somalia
A review of police response to the massacre at Sandy Hook Elementary School has found that officers "  responded to the scene rapidly , positioned themselves appropriately , and followed their department policy , " according to a report by the Connecticut Police Chiefs Association . The nine-page report analyzing the Newtown Police Department 's response time and entry to the school during last December 's mass shooting was written by a subcommittee of four police chiefs from the state . "  Our evaluation showed that the officers of the Newtown Police Department navigated the inevitable chaos created in the first few minutes of such a call , managed to piece together what was occurring , but were unable to intervene before the shooter took his own life , " according to the report , which was released Thursday . The review references a CNN report that said , "  Police and other first responders arrived on scene about 20 minutes after the first calls . " CNN initially reported police arrived "  within 20 minutes . " The committee had access to 911 recordings , dispatch tapes , first-responder and officer statements as well as other documentation . The committee report was released on the same week as audio recordings of 911 calls to police from the school at the time of the shootings . The December 14 , 2012 , massacre left 20 first-graders and six school employees dead . The shooter , Adam Lanza , 20 , shot himself and died in the school . Newtown Police Department Chief Michael Kehoe requested the analysis after media reports indicated the response time was greater than Kehoe knew it to be , said Jack Daly , president of the Connecticut Police Chiefs Association . Daly appointed the sub-committee in August . According to the report , the first call to police was at 9:35 a.m ; the first officer arrived two minutes and 41 seconds after the first radio broadcast of a shooting . The elapsed time between the first police officer 's arrival and police entry to the school was just under six minutes . The report said officers were delayed in entering the school because they faced what they considered "  exterior threats " of a person running outside the school building . The person was detained and later identified as a parent . "  Officers are trained to prepare for more than one threat or aggressor , " the report said . The Newtown Police Department followed their policy on "  active shooter incidents " by confronting the shooter as quickly as possible , according to the report . "  History teaches that the typical active shooter only stops when confronted ; as a result the quicker the confrontation by police , the better , " the report said . Lanza , who had been a student at the school years earlier , fired more than 150 shots from a .223 - caliber Bushmaster rifle before turning a 10mm Glock pistol on himself , according to police . "  Newtown officers were on scene a total of 1 minute and 10 seconds before the shooter committed suicide , " the report said . The Newtown shooting is the second-deadliest school shooting in U.S. history , behind only the 2007 shooting at Virginia Tech that left 32 people dead . After the 1999 Columbine School shooting in Colorado , where two students shot 13 people to death before killing themselves , the law enforcement practice of confronting a shooter as quickly as possible replaced a "  contain and wait " policy . According to the report , the Newtown Police Department adopted a quick-engagement policy in April 2003 "  in keeping with current trend in police training . "	Connecticut police chiefs ' group review Newtown police response time to shooting Report says officers "  responded to the scene rapidly , positioned themselves appropriately " The review found that officers were unable to intervene before the shooter took his own life
CNN  -- Jennifer Lopez is well known for backside , but over the weekend she had a scary experience . The singer posted on Instagram after she and her friend , "  King of Queens " actress Leah Remini , were rear-ended by an alleged drunk driver . Lopez wrote "  Sitting at a light , Riding high right before some drunk fool rear ended us in my new whip !!! Thank god everyone ok !!! #GRATEFUL #THANKYOUGOD #DontdrinkandDrive !!!! #cursedthatfoolout #theBronxcameout #dontmesswithmycocnuts #mamabear #leahstayedcalm #thatwasweird " TMZ reported the pair were traveling along Pacific Coast Highway in Malibu on Saturday when the accident happened while they were stopped at a light . The gossip site said there were two children in the back seat at the time of the collision . Lopez posted a picture of her 6-year-old twins in the back seat along with Remini 's 10-year-old daughter , Sofia . In the caption , Lopez wrote , "  These three cuties make my day !! #Coconuts #Sofia #lunchwthekiddies #bigpimpin ' #brooklynindahouse . " According to TMZ one of the women called 911 and police nabbed the unnamed driver of the small pickup truck and charged him with suspicion of driving under the influence and hit and run .	Lopez and Remini were in Malibu at the time An alleged drunk driver hit them There were children in the back seat
CNN  -- Ever imagined flying an airplane with your eyes closed ? Or driving at nearly 200 miles an hour with a blindfold ? How about racing a speedboat in complete darkness ? Sounds crazy ? Well take off those blinkers and meet Mike Newman -- the world 's fastest blind daredevil . On Friday , Newman will attempt to break the blind water speed record in a powerboat just off the English coast and secure his place in history . Being unable to see has proved no barrier to the 52-year-old who is aiming to become the first man to hold the blind speed records for land , sea and air in the same year . Having already succeeded on four wheels and in the cockpit of an airplane , it is just the sea which stands between him and sporting immortality . "  To hold all the records would be amazing , " Newman told CNN , who is hoping to reach speeds of 95 miles an hour in a top of the range powerboat . "  I first started riding motorcycles 12 years ago when I was pushing 40 and I just went from there . "  I moved on to cars after that and I 've loved it . People love all types of different sports but for me it was always motorsport . "  I love the engines , the smells , the noises which come with it . I love all the elements and just because I ca n't see , it does n't detract from the experience . " Newman 's story is as rapid as it is remarkable . Diagnosed with glaucoma as a child , Newman lost his sight at the age of eight . But it was not until some years later that he began his love affair with speed -- breaking blind land records on land and in the air . It was 12 years ago that he first attempted to break a record -- riding a motorcycle at 89 mph after just three days practice . He twice broke blind land speed records in 2003 and 2005 , improving from 144mph to 175mph in the space of two years . In October 2011 he achieved the world blind aerial aerobatic record ; flying the most consecutive loops in formation . A five times Guinness World record holder , there is n't much Newman ca n't do . His charity is now helping others to overcome their difficulties through racing with his team having recently designed and built ten specially adapted track cars boasting dual controls , twin steering wheels . "  The main point of all of this is to make sure that people who are n't able to have these opportunities get that chance , " added Newman . "  The charity is doing a great job and although we 're only quite young we 've made great progress . "  I ca n't believe the amount of attention we 've had . Hopefully it will continue for a while yet . " There will be hundreds of people present for Newman 's latest record attempt with television cameras , journalists and photographers all ready to capture the moment . His exploits have made him into something of a celebrity -- a tag of which he 's not too keen on . That he is blind is not an issue to him -- what everyone else thinks is up to them . "  Whatever I attempt , I do it in my own environment , " Newman told CNN . "  If I get on the bus , go to the post office or the supermarket , I 'm doing it in my own environment and it 's normal for me . "  Being blind does n't stop me doing things . I do n't really think about being a role model or if I 've broken down barriers . I 'm just doing this to help other people in life . " John Galloway , the team principal , has worked with Newman for over a decade and has watched his friend and colleague meet each challenge head on without showing an ounce of fear . "  I have known Mike for over 11 years now and never met someone with such self belief , " Galloway told CNN . "  He has a driving ambition to chase his dreams and able to catch them . He is a great example to all of us . " Newman will now turn his attention to breaking the blind water speed record and become the first man to hold all three records at the same time . Former soldier Mark Treadgold currently holds the record of 91mph but Newman is confident he can surpass that achievement when he hits the water at Torque Harbor , Devon , on England 's south west coast . Newman will be assisted by Andrew Langdon , who owns the race boat Silverline and will offer navigational assistance through helmet to helmet radio communication . The team believes he can reach 95mph if conditions allow -- a result which would see him become the first man to hold the land , air and sea record in the same year . "  It would be amazing if we could do it , " added Newman . "  It 's really exciting and I can not wait for it to happen . "	Mike Newman is hoping to break the blind water speed record on November 1 The 52-year-old broke the blind land speed record last month Newman was born with glaucoma and lost his sight at age of eight Blind Water Speed currently held by former soldier Mark Threadgold at 91mph
London  CNN  -- Rupert Murdoch apologized to the British public with full-page advertisements in seven national newspapers Saturday , a day after two senior executives resigned over a phone hacking scandal that has engulfed his media empire . "  We are sorry , " Murdoch says in Saturday 's ad , which will also run in newspapers Sunday and Monday . "  The News of the World was in the business of holding others to account . It failed when it came to itself . We are sorry for the serious wrongdoing that occurred . We are deeply sorry for the hurt suffered by the individuals affected . " Murdoch 's apology comes after his media empire lost two top executives Friday . Former News of the World editor Rebekah Brooks resigned from her post as chief executive at News International , the British arm of Murdoch 's News Corp. , early Friday . Hours later , her predecessor , Les Hinton resigned . Murdoch also visited the family of Milly Dowler , a murdered British teenager whose voice mail was allegedly hacked by staff working for the News of the World . Police in the United Kingdom have identified almost 4,000 potential targets of phone hacking in documents recovered from a private investigator working for the paper . There were also allegations that News Corp. reporters may have bribed police officers . Murdoch 's campaign of contrition comes 12 days after the scandal first broke and barely a week after the News of the World , Britain 's best-selling Sunday tabloid , was shut down by News International in the face of public outrage . The advertisement expresses regret for not acting more quickly "  to sort things out , " but Murdoch acknowledges that apologizing is not enough . "  Our business was founded on the idea that a free and open press should be a positive force in society . We need to live up to this , " he says . The media mogul pledged to take "  concrete steps " to resolve issues and make amends . "  You will hear more from us , " his message concludes . Murdoch , his son , James , and Brooks are to appear before British politicians Tuesday to answer questions over the phone hacking scandal . Some of the claims Brooks faces relate to the News of the World 's alleged hacking , while she was editor , into Dowler 's mobile phone account . She has warned that her answers may be limited by ongoing police and judicial inquiries . "  As chief executive of the company , I feel a deep sense of responsibility for the people we have hurt , and I want to reiterate how sorry I am for what we now know to have taken place , " she said in a statement Friday . Hinton , who most recently served as chief executive of Dow Jones , publisher of The Wall Street Journal , wrote to Murdoch to say that although he had been unaware of alleged misconduct when he was executive chairman of News International , which operated the now-defunct News of the World , he had to take responsibility . "  The pain caused to innocent people is unimaginable , " he said in a letter provided by Dow Jones . British Prime Minister David Cameron has been among those publicly decrying the hacking , blasting Murdoch 's company Wednesday as he launched a high-powered judge-led investigation into the nation 's press . Yet he has his own ties to the scandal , given his relationship with Andy Coulson . Coulson resigned as News of the World editor in 2007 , after his former royal editor and a private detective were convicted of conspiracy to hack into royals ' voice mails . But while offering his resignation , he insisted he had been unaware of the crimes and he was not charged at the time . After last year 's election , Cameron became prime minister -- and appointed Coulson as his communications director . Coulson resigned as Cameron 's spokesman in January when the scandal blew up afresh . Cameron hosted Coulson overnight in March at Chequers , the prime minister 's country estate , a Downing Street source said Friday . The aim of the invite , added the source , was to thank his former communications director for his work on Cameron 's behalf . Earlier this month , Coulson was arrested in connection with claims of phone hacking and corruption dating to his days as the News of the World editor . After the arrest , the prime minister took full responsibility for hiring Coulson . But while not denying this personal connection , Cameron has maintained public pressure against News Corp. . Meanwhile , the FBI is also investigating News Corp. after a report that employees or associates may have tried to hack into phone conversations and voice mail of September 11 survivors , victims and their families . Murdoch 's News Corp. encompasses Fox News , The Wall Street Journal , the New York Post and Harper Collins publishers in the United States . News International -- a British subsidiary of News Corp. -- owns the Sun , The Times and The Sunday Times in Britain .	Murdoch 's full-page ad , run in every national newspaper , says : "  We are sorry " He apologizes in person to the family of a murdered girl whose phone was allegedly hacked Two senior News Corp. executives resign Friday over the phone hacking scandal Reporters are alleged to have hacked people 's voice mails and bribed police officers
CNN  -- Hurricane Isaac contributed to a moist air mass that brought torrential rainfall and street flooding Tuesday in Charleston , South Carolina , officials said . By evening , between 4 and 8 inches had fallen across the low-lying metropolitan area . "  We were stranded and had to be rescued ourselves , " said Charleston County spokeswoman Tracey Amick . "  Our car had water coming through the doors . It 's ridiculous right now . There are trash cans floating down the street , cars stuck , people trying to get through these flooded streets on bicycles . " The tropical moisture , combined with a trough of low pressure off the coast , prompted a flash-flood warning in the city that was to continue until 12:30 a.m. Wednesday . About 20 vehicles were stranded on streets at one time , said meteorologist Vern Beaver of the National Weather Service . Heavy flooding also was reported in Mount Pleasant and North Charleston . The College of Charleston reported 5 inches of rainfall by 7 p.m. Tuesday . West Ashley reported 7.5 inches , as did Daniel Island . Significant flooding was reported near the Historic Charleston City Market . The worst of the flooding appeared over late Tuesday , forecasters said . Senior forecaster Steven Taylor said most of the rain Tuesday afternoon fell during low tide . Winds were pushing slightly above normal tides in downtown Charleston . "  If we get heavy rain to fall during high tide , the flooding level will only increase , " he said . Beaver expected rain to continue into Thursday , although it wo n't be as heavy as Tuesday 's downpour . Preparing for a storm : Links , tips and resources CNN 's Nick Valencia and Phil Gast contributed to this report , .	Forecasters worried about rain during high tide Isaac contributes to heavy rains in coastal South Carolina Motorists stranded on Charleston streets
CNN  -- A middle-of-the-night fight , a surprise pullout from the Grammy Awards , leaked photos , a police investigation -- new pieces of the puzzle of the alleged assault of pop singer Rihanna by her boyfriend Chris Brown have been emerging since early February . Singers Rihanna and Chris Brown , shown performing in December , are rumored to be back together . Then , nearly three weeks after the alleged battery , the couple was reportedly together again . The reconciliation was reported just days before Brown 's arraignment , which is expected Thursday in Los Angeles , California . Update : Chris Brown charged with two felonies Brown , 19 , has issued an apology for "  what transpired " but neither he nor Rihanna , who just turned 21 , has directly addressed the allegations . Many would ask why anyone would return to an abusive partner after leaving , but therapists who treat both abusers and victims say it 's common . The effect is like a "  pendulum of pain , " said Steven Stosny , counselor and founder of the anger and violence management program CompassionPower , which treats people convicted of abuse in the home . Abuse victims will "  leave out of either fear , anger or resentment , " he said . "  But then , after the fear , anger or resentment begins to subside , they feel guilt , shame , anxiety , and that takes them back . " After a violent incident , there is often a "  honeymoon period " during which the abuser may apologize profusely , give the victim gifts and persuade the victim to stay , experts say . But when that period is over , the abuser may once again become violent . Blog : The tangles of domestic abuse The reasons for returning to an abusive partner may relate to the days of early humans , who had to fend for themselves in the wild . The powerful psychological mechanisms that lead people to stay in abusive relationships may have developed for survival reasons , Stosny said . "  To leave an attachment relationship -- a relationship where there 's an emotional bond -- meant certain death by starvation or saber-tooth tiger , " he said . Abuse happens in both low-income and high-income couples , said Joanna Snawder , who counsels students and community members at the Metropolitan State College of Denver in Colorado . A wealthy woman who has never worked may not want to change her lifestyle , while a poor woman may be financially dependent on her boyfriend or husband . Regardless , women may not want to break off an abusive relationship because they are afraid to be independent , do n't know how to take care of themselves or do n't want to face shame from friends and family , she said . Sometimes the abuser can get his partner to stay with him through manipulation , for instance , telling a woman that he will kill himself if she leaves him , said Mark Crawford , a clinical psychologist based in Roswell , Georgia . Crawford has seen many women stay in relationships because they could n't bear the guilt of an outcome such as this . "  There are some women who need to be needed so badly they 'll put up with anything , " Crawford said . "  Even if the guy beats the crap out of them , they just feel that responsible for the other person . " The term "  the cycle of abuse " is often used to describe how coming from an abusive family is believed to make an individual more likely to be an abuser or to stay in an abusive relationship . "  Unless we do a lot of psychological work , we often repeat family structures and dynamics that seem normal to us , " Snawder said . On the other hand , some people who grow up in abusive households do not repeat the behavior they saw at home , she said . One student Snawder advises voluntarily went back to her abusive boyfriend after having a restraining order placed against him . They are together , but the man is assaulting the young woman again . "  It 's really important that a woman reach out and get support from friends , family or a counselor who can help her see that she does n't have to go back to that relationship , " she said . Men are n't always the abusers . There are relationships in which the woman is the abuser and the man is the victim , and all of the behavioral patterns happen in reverse . For instance , the woman makes the man feel like it 's his fault for being beaten , Crawford said . "  Those men just do n't have the sense of self to say ` This is not acceptable , ' " he said . Stosny 's celebrity clients who have been abusive to their romantic partners may have been negatively affected by their rise to fame early in life , he said . They see themselves as above others , and feel they are entitled to punch someone whenever they feel like it . "  I had one professional basketball player who sexually assaulted a girl . He really in his heart did n't believe that she did n't want to have sex with him , " Stosny said . Can there ever be a happy ending for an abusive relationship ? Experts agree that it 's unusual , but a relationship in which a partner has been violent can become healthy again if , and only if , the abusive person seeks counseling to change his or her mindset . "  If you do n't believe that you have a problem , and you believe the person drove you to it , you 're going to have a really hard time seeing that you have a problem , " Snawder said . In practice , however , the victim usually just needs to move on to someone else , she said .	Chris Brown and Rihanna are reportedly back together despite rumors he beat her A victim 's return to her abuser is common , therapists who treat both say Women who are beaten often feel overwhelming guilt , shame and anxiety Abuser may try to psychologically manipulate victim into thinking it 's her fault
CNN  -- By now , everyone should know that aviation is the safest way to travel : Even in parts of the world with a "  high " accident rate , that rate is still far below other ways to get from point A to point B . This level of safety is due to a tradition of hard work and technological advances that must continue . New threats emerge every day , but through proactive efforts in data collection and analysis , we do n't have to wait for an accident anymore -- we can mitigate these risks before they become real problems . So how do we square those facts with terrible tragedies such as Air France 447 ? Plane crashes do still occur , even with state-of-the-art aircraft . Everyone in the industry must continue to work hard on safety . With the Air France 447 final report published this week , we now have a clearer picture of the events that led to this tragedy . The report concluded that a series of errors by pilots and a failure to react effectively to technical problems led to the crash . We already knew much of what we happened that evening : The autopilot shut itself off when the air speed indicators failed and the plane "  handed itself " to the co-pilot . For the next several minutes , it should have been a pretty benign situation , but the flight crew made some inexplicable decisions and ultimately the plane crashed in the ocean . What we must now try to understand is why the pilots reacted the way they did . In the past decade , we 've seen tremendous advances in automation in the cockpit . This automation has proven to be vital to raising the level of safety in aviation even higher and also to provide more efficient airline operations . It has removed some of the threat of human error during normal operations . Pilots now spend most of their time monitoring the automation . But what happens when the automation turns itself off or fails for some reason ? Q&A : Has Air France Flight 447 mystery been solved ? The elephant in the room has always been that training standards have not kept up with the technological changes in aircraft . In the early days of aviation , training included how to recover from some of the most commonly-faced emergencies , such as a lost engine during take off . These scenarios are no longer common , yet the training has not changed significantly to recognize this new reality . Automation used to be the pilot 's assistant . Now the pilot is expected to back-up the automation . That is a fundamentally new task that the industry has n't trained for . Regulators around the world need to acknowledge this and work to change the basic requirements in training programs . Pilots need to know what it feels like to stall at high altitudes and train on how to recover . They need to know what to do when an airplane is suddenly handed to them during an abnormal flight situation by the autopilot turning off . They need to learn what to do and perhaps most importantly , what not to do in order to avoid increasing risk . Some of this will require a renewed emphasis on manual flying skills , but new training will also have to be developed to address the fundamental new relationship that has developed between man and machine . There are a number of airlines around the work who are already changing their training standards to reflect this and we applaud this effort . All airlines should do this . They should not wait for their regulators to act . As with any tragedy , there will be a temptation to focus on blame and political posturing , but AF447 is a case where politicians and judges should keep a respectful distance . There is some serious technical work to be done , and the aviation community needs to act quickly and objectively . It is a responsibility that the entire aviation community embraces and we are confident that the safety professionals will find solutions that ensure that tragedies like this do n't happen again . It is a debt we owe to those who have been lost . News : Who 's really flying the plane ? The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bill Voss .	Final report on crash of Air France flight 447 concludes human error to blame Flight 447 crashed into the Atlantic Ocean en route from Rio de Janeiro to Paris Investigation focused on pilots reactions to instrument failure , autopilot switching off Voss : Flying is safest way to travel , but more must be done to improve pilot training
Washington  CNN  -- We 're getting to the point where even good news comes wrapped in bad news . Good news : Despite the terrible June job numbers  125,000 jobs lost as the Census finished its work  , one sector continues to gain -- manufacturing . Factories added 9,000 workers in June , for a total of 136,000 hires since December 2009 . So that 's something , yes ? Maybe not . Despite millions of unemployed , despite 2 million job losses in manufacturing between the end of 2007 and the end of 2009 , factory employers apparently can not find the workers they need . Here 's what the New York Times reported Friday : "  The problem , the companies say , is a mismatch between the kind of skilled workers needed and the ranks of the unemployed . "  During the recession , domestic manufacturers appear to have accelerated the long-term move toward greater automation , laying off more of their lowest-skilled workers and replacing them with cheaper labor abroad . "  Now they are looking to hire people who can operate sophisticated computerized machinery , follow complex blueprints and demonstrate higher math proficiency than was previously required of the typical assembly line worker . " It may sound like manufacturers are being too fussy . But they face a real problem . As manufacturing work gets more taxing , manufacturers are looking at a work force that is actually becoming less literate and less skilled . In 2007 , ETS -- the people who run the country 's standardized tests -- compiled a battery of scores of basic literacy conducted over the previous 15 years and arrived at a startling warning : On present trends , the country 's average score on basic literacy tests will drop by 5 percent by 2030 as compared to 1992 . That 's a disturbing headline . Behind the headline is even worse news . Not everybody 's scores are dropping . In fact , ETS estimates that the percentage of Americans who can read at the very highest levels will actually rise slightly by 2030 as compared to 1992 -- a special national "  thank you " to all those parents who read to their kids at bedtime ! But that small rise at the top is overbalanced by a collapse of literacy at the bottom . In 1992 , 17 percent of Americans scored at the very lowest literacy level . On present trends , 27 percent of Americans will score at the very lowest level in 2030 . What 's driving the deterioration ? An immigration policy that favors the unskilled . Immigrants to Canada and Australia typically arrive with very high skills , including English-language competence . But the United States has taken a different course . Since 2000 , the United States has received some 10 million migrants , approximately half of them illegal . Migrants to the United States arrive with much less formal schooling than migrants to Canada and Australia and very poor English-language skills . More than 80 percent of Hispanic adult migrants to the United States score below what ETS deems a minimum level of literacy necessary for success in the U.S. labor market . Let 's put this in concrete terms . Imagine a migrant to the United States . He 's hard-working , strong , energetic , determined to get ahead . He speaks almost zero English , and can barely read or write even in Spanish . He completed his last year of formal schooling at age 13 and has been working with his hands ever since . He 's an impressive , even admirable human being . Maybe he reminds some Americans of their grandfather . And had he arrived in this country in 1920 , there would have been many , many jobs for him to do that would have paid him a living wage , enabling him to better himself over time -- backbreaking jobs , but jobs that did not pay too much less than what a fully literate English-speaking worker could earn . During the debt-happy 2000s , that same worker might earn a living assembling houses or landscaping hotels and resorts . But with the Great Recession , the bottom has fallen out of his world . And even when the recession ends , we 're not going to be building houses like we used to , or spending money on vacations either . We may hope that over time the children and grandchildren of America 's immigrants of the 1990s and 2000s will do better than their parents and grandparents . For now , the indicators are not good : American-born Hispanics drop out of high school at very high rates . Over time , yes , they 'll probably catch up -- by the 2060s , they 'll probably be doing fine . But over the intervening half century , we are going to face a big problem . We talk a lot about retraining workers , but we do n't really know how to do it very well -- particularly workers who can not read fluently . Our schools are not doing a brilliant job training the native-born less advantaged : even now , a half-century into the civil rights era , still one-third of black Americans read at the lowest level of literacy . Just as we made bad decisions about physical capital in the 2000s -- overinvesting in houses , underinvesting in airports , roads , trains , and bridges -- so we also made fateful decisions about our human capital : accepting too many unskilled workers from Latin America , too few highly skilled workers from China and India . We have been operating a human capital policy for the world of 1910 , not 2010 . And now the Great Recession is exposing the true costs of this malinvestment in human capital . It has wiped away the jobs that less-skilled immigrants can do , that offered them a livelihood and a future . Who knows when or if such jobs will return ? Meanwhile the immigrants fitted for success in the 21st century economy were locating in Canada and Australia . Americans do not believe in problems that can not be quickly or easily solved . They place their faith in education and re-education . They do not like to remember that it took two and three generations for their own families to acquire the skills necessary to succeed in a technological society . They hate to imagine that their country might be less affluent , more unequal , and less globally competitive in the future because of decisions they are making now . Yet all these things are true . We can not predict in advance which skills precisely will be needed by the U.S. economy of a decade hence . Nor should we try , for we 'll certainly guess wrong . What we can know is this : Immigrants who arrive with language and math skills , with professional or graduate degrees , will adapt better to whatever the future economy throws at them . Even more important , their children are much more likely to find a secure footing in the ultratechnological economy of the mid-21st century . And by reducing the flow of very unskilled foreign workers into the United States , we will tighten labor supply in ways that will induce U.S. employers to recruit , train and retain the less-skilled native born , especially African-Americans -- the group hit hardest by the Great Recession of 2008-2010 . In the short term , we need policies to fight the recession . We need monetary stimulus , a cheaper dollar , and lower taxes . But none of these policies can fix the skills mismatch that occurs when an advanced industrial economy must find work for people who can not read very well , and whose children are not reading much better . The United States needs a human capital policy that emphasizes skilled immigration and halts unskilled immigration . It needed that policy 15 years ago , but it 's not too late to start now . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Frum .	Some jobs remain unfilled because not enough skilled workers , manufacturers say David Frum : Immigration policy has created influx of unskilled labor He says pool of new workers more suited to needs of last century Frum : U.S. policy should emphasize admitting highly skilled immigrants
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- Consumers in Beijing 's malls and shops are shunning the milk and poultry sections -- for good reasons . Poultry products , including eggs , may be contaminated with melamine through animal food . They are shocked and scared by the news headlines : some food produced in China is tainted with melamine . "  Of course I 'm worried , " says a woman shopping in Nanxiaojie Market . Stop eating eggs ? "  That 's not possible , " she tells CNN . "  If there 's a problem with eggs , it should be solved fundamentally . " Chinese premier Wen Jiabao says China will take steps to win back consumers . "  We will use our actions and high quality of our food products to win the trust and confidence of Chinese people and people around the world , " he told reporters at the end of a two-day summit of Asian and European leaders in Beijing last weekend . Watch more about the tainted food scandal " "  Three minister-level officials have resigned and a government investigation is going on . Whoever is responsible must be brought to justice . We need to protect the Made in China brand , " said Chinese analyst Victor Gao . But the problem could be more pervasive . The state-run Nanfang Daily published an investigative story saying that adding melamine into animal feed has become an "  open secret . " The report said adding melamine into feed started in the aquatic farming industry five years ago , as a way of faking higher protein levels . Learn more about chemical melamine " It then spread into other agro-industries such as poultry . Even more shocking is the allegation that the melamine added is from industrial waste material . CNN contacted the Ministry of Agriculture about the story , but got no immediate response . Two years ago , reports revealed pet food exported from China to the United States was spiked with melamine and had sickened and killed dogs . Several weeks ago , the food scandal spread to milk , biscuits and candies . Now , it is tainted eggs . So far , no illnesses or deaths have been linked to eggs . Tests in Hong Kong last week showed eggs exported by a Chinese company are contaminated with excessive levels of melamine . In recent days three other brands of eggs have also been found to contain the chemical . Small wonder egg sales at the Xinfadi , a wholesale market in Beijing , dropped by 10 percent this week , according to the state-run China Daily . Chinese officials say the source of the problem is melamine , an industrial chemical used to produce plastics and fertilizer . Melamine is high in nitrogen . Unscrupulous milk suppliers would water down milk and spike it with melamine -- but in amounts that allowed it to still pass quality tests . Agriculture experts speculate that eggs tainted with melamine may be the result of tainted feed given to hens . That begs the question : if melamine was in the animal feed , will it make into the meat , and into consumers ' bodies ? Ingesting melamine in large doses over an extended period of time could cause kidney stones and other illnesses , agriculture and health experts say . But taking in a small amount of melamine poses no such danger . "  If it 's taken over a long period of time , maybe , but if it 's ingested only for short period of time it does not pose harm on animals , " says He Jiguo , a professor of food science and nutrition at the China Agriculture University . He says the animals that end up being slaughtered do not live that long and do not actually ingest enough melamine for it to build up in their systems . The dogs and cats that were sickened in the United States were probably eating treats and meals tainted with melamine over a long period of time , he explains . Until the situation is resolved , worried grocery shoppers in Beijing say they 'll just have to eat fewer eggs and more bean-products , like soybeans .	Chinese premier Wen Jiabao says China will try to win back consumers Melamine is said to have been added to animal food products Report : Adding melamine to feed started in aquatic farming 5 years ago Some grocery shoppers say to eat fewer eggs and more bean-products
The sale of the old house , the purchase of the new house , the packing , the good-bye parties . It was all so overwhelming for me . I ca n't imagine what it was like for my toddler , leaving the only home , neighborhood and sitter she had ever known in the city where she was born . Fortunately , I got a little bit of help from the Berenstain Bears to give my daughter some answers . In that classic tale "  Berenstain Bears Moving Day , " Brother Bear asked the questions about moving that my daughter asked : "  What about my toys ? " "  And what about my friends ? " She 'd carry that book around like a teddy bear . The answer for the toys was easy : "  We 'll take them along , of course . " Harder to hear : "  You 'll be leaving your friends behind . " "  But you can keep in touch with them . You can write , even visit perhaps . And besides , you can make lots of new friends . " It 's no wonder that I could find a Berenstain book for almost any new or difficult situation . When co-author Jan Berenstain died last month , she had written more than 330 "  Berenstain Bears " books , first with her husband , Stan  who died in 2005  , and later with her son , Mike . More than 260 million copies have been sold over the past 50 years , making it one of the best-selling children 's book series in history , Harper Collins said . Mirroring all types of families Growing up in a house filled with books , I turned to children 's literature to explore and learn about worlds beyond my experience . Now , I turn to the classics of children 's literature for assistance in parenting my way through the basic struggles in our lives , such as feelings , friendships , sharing , courtesy , differences and loss , among others . If the Berenstain Bears did n't have the answers , maybe Dr. Seuss , "  Goodnight Moon , " "  Ferdinand the Bull " or "  The Hungry Caterpillar " could do the trick . The classics explained essential subjects to a young mind better than I ever could , and they reassured me , too . Still , some of the classics did n't represent our experience or the lives of many of the families we know and love . My child has two moms . Her neighborhood friend has one mom who adopted her . Her friend across the street has a mom and dad . "  As families have changed over the past decades , that means that there 's opportunity for books to serve families who may not be made up of Papa , Mama , Brother and Sister Bears , " said John Sellers , children 's reviews editor for Publishers Weekly . "  There 's certainly a need for books that portray , mirror and show the value in all kinds of families : same-sex families , mixed-race families , stepfamilies , families with grandparents as guardians . " Just as interesting are the children 's books that include a diversity of families not as the point of the story but as a reflection of the reality of our world . "  That sort of subtle , offhand inclusion and portrayal of a diversity of families in picture books -- as well as books for older readers -- is , in my view , as valuable , if not more so , as having an increased number of message-focused books out there on those topics , though there will always be a place and a need for those , too , " says Sellers . Here are some of my family 's modern favorites . It 's OK to be different The bright visuals of writer and illustrator Todd Parr 's books jumped out at my daughter before we ever guessed the subject matter . In Parr 's world , there are different types of mommies , families and feelings -- all of them valuable and filled with love -- without getting hit over the head by the message . "  The Family Book " shows all the families on my block and beyond , and portrays them as different in appearance but equal and loving and kind . "  The Mommy Book " teaches my kid that mommies come in all shapes and sizes ; some work outside the home , and some work inside the home ; some cook , and others order pizza ; and some camp , and some shop . A visual learner and slow reader , Parr remembers having trouble learning when schools did n't know how to help him . "  When I started writing books , I based them on my own struggles as a kid and feeling like an outsider , " said Parr , whose favorite books as child included classics such as P.D. Eastman 's "  Go Dog Go , " Dr. Seuss 's "  Green Eggs and Ham " and "  The Monster at the End of this Book " from Sesame Street . "  I wanted them to be silly and fun and simple but yet be something strong that could help kids feel good about themselves . I wanted it to be matter of fact that everyone is important and special and different . " Why not let your child drive the bus ? After I became a parent in Brooklyn , my daughter and I loved that we could identify the locations that Mo Willems featured in "  Knuffle Bunny : A Cautionary Tale . " Yes , we lived across the street from the actual Laundromat featured in the book . For a city kid , the idea of sitting on a stoop , Laundromats across the street and parks within walking distance made sense in the whimsical pictures drawn by the former Sesame Street writer . "  Do n't Let the Pigeon Drive the Bus " and "  Do n't Let the Pigeon Stay Up Late " play with the neverending asking that a child does for what she wants , with increasingly sophisticated reasons why we parents should give in . It 's daytime in China ? Really ? But children are not trying to drive us nuts , Willems gently reminds the reader . Adults forget how hard it can be to be a child , where nothing is built to your size and grownups demand that you learn new things every single day . Why not throw a tantrum over not getting to drive a bus or go to bed whenever you want ? "  I do n't see my books as ends but as beginnings , " said Willems , who as a child loved the work of Dutch illustrator Fiep Westendorp and "  Sneetches on the Beaches " by Dr. Seuss . "  I put as much air in as possible so kids can put in their own ideas . Draw my characters and put as few words and background as possible so kids can create them themselves . " While Willems is grateful that children identify with his work , he says he writes to understand things he does n't understand , such as friendship , love and jealousy .  "  The Duckling Gets a Cookie !? " which comes out in April , turns jealousy on its head . "  I 'll write a book and take it very seriously for a year or two , " he said . In "  Goldilocks and the Three Dinosaurs , " out this fall , "  I find my past self telling my present self how to deal with some present relationships in my life . " You do n't have a mommy and a daddy ? "  Heather Has Two Mommies " author and poet Lesla Newman started writing children 's books featuring families with two mommies or two daddies after a friend stopped her on the street and demanded that she write books featuring families like hers . My daughter had never heard a story with two mommies . She grabbed at the picture book "  Mommy , Mama and Me , " and memorized all the words .  The companion , "  Daddy , Papa and Me " works for the two-daddy family .  She gravitated to "  Heather has Two Mommies " as she got older . Although her books have been attacked as political , Newman says she does n't write with an agenda or mission . "  I write to tell a story , " said Newman , who remembers reading Dr. Seuss , Curious George , Babar the elephant and "  Caps for Sale " as favorites . "  I write to find out what I do n't know . If pressed , I 'd say my goal would be to produce a children 's book that would help any child reading that book to feel good about herself . " We 're all connected A sweet summer day in the life of an interracial family is the setting for Liz Garton Scanlon 's picture book "  All the World , " featuring the art of Marla Frazee  who received a Caldecott Honor for this book  . The book is about global connectivity , showing families and partners of all ages and races . As she started writing for children , Scanlon noticed themes of nature and community emerging in her work . "  I also really think about a child 's perspective : How would they envision friendship ? What would they notice about places or parties or food or trees ? " said Scanlon , whose favorite books growing up were "  Blueberries for Sal , " "  Make Way for Ducklings " and "  Where the Wild Things Are . " "  Kids are relatively disempowered . They 're just not the big people in charge . So I really try to think about how children 's books can give some of the power back to them , just by granting importance to their perspective . " Read about CNN.com staffers ' favorite children 's books .	The Berenstain Bears often had the answers to children 's questions Many moms and dads turn to classic books for assistance in parenting Children 's books now include a diversity of families as a reflection of our world
Washington is entering a new era of kamikaze governance , this time with Democrats at the helm . Thursday night 's spending showdown saw progressive Democrats unexpectedly emerge as the agitators ready to drive the nation off a cliff to win concessions -- and progressives say it will happen again . "  The fight last night was a shot across the bow that progressives are ready to stand and fight , and there are millions of Americans ready to jump into the fray , " Ben Wikler , Washington director for MoveOn.org , a progressive group , said on Sunday . Progressive members of the Democratic Party are gearing up for what they expect to be many battles needed to defend their values as Republicans seek to chip away at a variety of Democratic priorities when they take control of Congress next year . A prime example of such skirmishes came last week . Massachusetts Sen. Elizabeth Warren objected to a GOP provision -- attached to a broad spending bill -- that rolled back a key portion of the Wall Street reform law . Her opposition prompted dozens of Democrats to defect and triggered a last-minute scramble for support ; President Barack Obama himself made calls to win lawmakers back and stave off a potential government shutdown . The spending bill eventually passed the Senate on Saturday night and on Sunday , Democratic leaders downplayed a possible rift within the party . But the nearly 2,000 progressive activists and operatives who descended on Washington over the weekend for the annual Rootscamp gathering felt otherwise . Panels addressed things like #HillaryProblems and the lack of understanding between the grassroots and establishment wings of the Democratic Party . And panelists and attendees alike endorsed the newly antagonistic moves from their elected officials this week . "  How do we make change in general , as we 're seeing from the streets of DC to Ferguson to New York ? I do think that sometimes you have to shut it down , " said Alana Krivo-Kaufman , a 27-year-old Rootscamp attendee and an organizer with Jewish Voice for Peace . And with Republicans taking control of the Senate next month , the imperative for progressives to hold their ground on key issues could grow ever more urgent . Jim Manley , a Democratic strategist and former Senate leadership aide , said Republicans have given every indication they 'll attempt to use a series of upcoming deadlines , including the need to raise the debt ceiling next year , to peel back Democratic policies passed under Obama . "  What we saw just now is just a taste of what 's to come for two years , " he said . Obama 's standing within the party diminished And Democrats no longer feel beholden to their de facto leader -- the President -- as he enters the final , lame-duck years of his presidency . Some now openly admit he 's going to have to navigate a difficult terrain within his own party in the new Congress . Jeremy Bird , the former national field director for Obama 's re-election campaign , told CNN the left is still adjusting to the new political landscape . "  Everybody 's sort of figuring it out , post-midterms , how it 's all going to shake out , " he said of Obama 's leadership role among Democrats . "  I 'm sure there 'll be other disagreements . And it 's a different world with a Republican Senate and a Republican House . " Many progressives are frustrated with what they believe has been too much waffling from the President and other Democratic leaders on the issues that matter most to the base -- behavior they argue contributed to their losses in the midterms . "  All the Democrats who lost were ones who ran to the center , " Krivo-Kaufman said , echoing a frequent refrain heard from panelists at Rootscamp . That frustration has fueled a progressive backlash against the more moderate dealmakers in the party , and is what 's made Warren so attractive to so many , her supporters believe . Erica Sagrans , who heads a grassroots super PAC working to draft Warren to run for President , said the issue with candidates in the midterm was they were "  afraid " to stand on their principles . "  We ca n't have candidates who are afraid to take risks and say what they believe in and stand up for something , " she said . "  You ca n't just have these Democrats who are everything to everyone and play things very safe and are picked by party insiders to not offend anyone . " Sagrans said the watered down soundbites are meaningless to voters , whereas , "  Warren 's style of being unafraid of who she is , of being honest , of speaking up " resonates . Campaign-trail fallout The elevation of Warren as a prominent figure in these policy fights , and of Wall Street reform as a key issue for progressives , is certain to put former Secretary of State Hillary Clinton in a difficult spot as she prepares for a potential presidential bid . More than 300 former Obama campaign staffers signed a letter urging Warren to run for President this week . Clinton , meanwhile , continues to face skepticism from progressives who believe she 's too cozy with Wall Street . And while Warren has repeatedly said she 's not interested in a run , her supporters believe even having her in the mix , and focusing the conversation on Wall Street reform , could help shape Clinton 's potential candidacy . Indeed , the activity surrounding Warren , and the emerging rift within the party , had even Democratic Party officials on Friday predicting a spirited primary battle for the presidential nomination . "  Regardless of who decides to run , we 're gon na have a really competitive and interesting primary process , " said Matt Compton , the Democratic National Committee 's digital director .	A bruising midterm election has prompted a backlash from progressives in Congress They see Elizabeth Warren , not President Barack Obama , as their leader They 're expecting significant battles with Republicans to defend their priorities
CNN  -- Not only is Sheikha Lubna Al Qasimi the first woman to hold a ministerial post in the United Arab Emirates , the first female minister of economy in the Gulf , and the first to start a Middle Eastern BB marketplace , but she 's also the first minister - anywhere in the world - to launch her own perfume line . Member of Sharjah royal family and one of Forbes ' 100 most powerful women , Sheikha Lubna took the post of minister for economy and planning of United Arab Emirates in 2004 . Her background is in IT and before the government appointment worked at the Dubai Ports Authority where she gained the "  Distinguished Government Employee Award " in 1999 for developing a documentation system that reduced cargo turnaround from one hour to ten minutes . In 2000 , Sheikha Lubna founded Tejari , the first Middle Eastern business-to-business marketplace . As a result of Tejari  Arabic for commerce  70 percent of Dubai 's government purchases are made online , while only 30 percent of bureaucrats were web-literate before its launch . One of the cornerstones of Sheikha Lubna 's work has been to allow for foreign ownership , so when John Defterios met up with her , he began by asking her about her upcoming strategy . Sheikha Lubna : We are looking with scrutiny at the companies a lot at the moment and we have several sectors . We will evaluate each sector , from the service side , finance , accounting . And any sector that we believe we need further development in terms of economic growth , then we will focus on that : on increasing the acquisition or the ownership of the foreign company . Defterios : If you look at the Middle East , specifically within this Gulf region , it 's quite a radical change to open up specific sectors to majority foreign ownership . Is this society in the region ready for this move ? Sheikha Lubna : Interestingly , the United Arab Emirates is host to 80 percent of its population coming from outside . We host 200 nationalities , so for us , the contribution to the economy has already started over 15 years ago with the existence of the expatriate community . So in many ways I think the openness is only a natural path : it 's an organic path to continue the openness that exists . Foreign direct investment is not your own wealth . When you have your own wealth , you have a tendency to be complacent sometimes , because it 's your money and you may not think you need to actually strengthen your infrastructure . However , if you look at foreign direct investment , it mandates you to be much more transparent , you have to be very diligent about your work , and it also creates new knowledge coming into the country and you can create more development through employment . Defterios : It 's interesting , you read the front line of the DP World , P&O acquisition and the furor it created in the United States particularly within Congress . What are the lessons , not just from the UAE perspective , but the lessons learned from both sides during that whole process ? Sheikha Lubna : First of all , I think it is important to understand , in this global world , there is a circulation of funds and there is excess of wealth that has to go somewhere . Liquidity of markets sometimes means you invest internally or you invest abroad . We 've learned a lesson being in the oil crises earlier that you need to diversify your money and look into investment abroad . And we 've seen this where the UAE invests in the Far East , Australia , Asia as well as in Europe and the United States . What 's more important to understand is that if you 're going to lock up your interest in terms of selling either because of protectionism or a particular idea in your mind that I do n't want to sell to this particular organization versus another , there are other places . Defterios : That 's not a veiled message your saying , that 's pretty forthright this comment . Sheikha Lubna : But it 's a message to all of us . If today I lock up my investment opportunity here , money will not come to me , money will go somewhere else . When I have investment coming from abroad , it creates confidence in this country that ' I am a global image ' . So when I say it , I am not directing this as a message to a particular country . I am saying all countries are equal when it comes to regulation , when it comes to responsibility , when it comes to strategy in terms of attracting foreign funds and wealth coming to the country . So that 's really a lesson that 's very very critical . Defterios : A number of firsts : the first to start a B2B marketplace ; the first female minister within the country , an economy minister ; and the first to launch a perfume range as well . What is it all about ? Trailblazing , setting examples , being an entrepreneur ? How would you describe what you 're doing here ? Sheikha Lubna : Everybody laughs about the perfume . One , I think the United Arab Emirates , since inception  it 's not from today but from the founder late Sheikh Zayed  has always given equal opportunities for women . But it 's up to us as women to decide what is it that we can push , and what it is that we can do and not do . In my personal belief you need a bridge , you need a door opener for women . And sometimes women do not want to take the risk . Sometimes they are shy of achieving what they should be achieving . I had the opportunity and I had the trust from the government and the community , so to me , it is setting the example internally for the young women , and men by the way . Be it in technology , or economy or e-commerce . Defterios : And the perfume line is the exclamation point ? Sheikha Lubna : A young woman , actually a perfume creator , who sells exclusively to Saks Fifth Avenue in Dubai , decided to create a perfume with my name . So I had two mandates from her . One , I had to smell it , otherwise if it does n't smell good I 'm not going to take it as a name . So one , I had to actually agree to the scent of the perfume . And it 's an Arabic perfume by the way . And second , my mandate was that I would only launch it with my name for her , if she gives 20 percent of its sales and revenue to the Friends of Cancer Patients . E-mail to a friend	Sheikha Lubna was first female minister in the United Arab Emirates Openness to foreign ownership is the "  natural path " , she says If countries "  lock up " interest due to protectionism there are other places to go
CNN  -- As the source of the Ganges River , the site of Hinduism 's famous Char Dham pilgrimage and home to Rishikesh , the meditation retreat made famous by The Beatles , the India 's northern Uttarakhand state justifies its title of "  Land of the Gods . " But environmentalists are warning that rampant development in the Himalayan state is tempting fate . With roads built on an ad hoc basis , new hotel developments built on river banks and hydro dams proposed in the region 's steep valleys , environmentalists say the floods and mudslides that have claimed more than 1,000 lives in the past week were an ecological catastrophe waiting to happen . "  You 've heard of homicide , well this is ecocide , " Devinder Sharma of the Forum for Biotechnology and Food Security told CNN . "  The hills have been shorn of the forest cover , there 's extensive mining taking place in this region and on top of that the roads that are being constructed are haphazard . "  And the hydro projects coming are phenomenal -- 70 hydro projects back to back . Obviously there are tunnels being built , hills being blasted and everything goes topsy-turvy . "  We are playing with nature but at the same time blaming nature . " He said while a massive national road-building program had been well received by India 's state governments , routes had been planned through increasingly remote areas without adequate drainage , exacerbating the problems of coping with massive run-off from the region 's monsoon rains . A real estate boom in the region has also resulted in new developments going ahead without adequate planning permission . "  It 's a classical model of disaster , " he said . "  If you want to see globally what can happen in regions like the Alps or the Rocky Mountains or elsewhere you only have to take a look at Uttarakhand . " Souparno Banerjee of the Indian advocacy group the Center for Science and Environment said that despite state government denials , most experts were of the view that unregulated development and unregulated tourism is responsible for the scale of the disaster . "  Development is important but we need to keep in mind the very delicate eco-system that you 're working within , " he said . "  The Himalayas are the biggest mountain range in the world but they are also extremely fragile . "  You need to keep that in mind when putting disaster management plans in place . " He said his organization recommended a certain amount of flow necessary to keep rivers in the region at a safe level , but that dam projects and river diversions for roads had backed up with flood waters from torrential rains . "  The drainage in many areas is half-baked , " he told CNN . Uttarakhand 's chief minister Vijay Bahuguna told the Times of India newspaper that the floods had set back the state by at least three years in terms of development . "  My people are going to suffer because tourism is going to be affected . We have to put the infrastructure back on the rails . I have written to the prime minister that preliminary reports suggest there is loss of Rs 3,000 crore  US$ 500 million  . This tragedy has broken our economy , " he said . He said that a balance needed to be struck between the environment and development , adding that he did not want migration away from Uttarakhand . "  Seventy percent of my state is forest cover .  If  I am preserving my forests for the nation then why do n't you give me compensation ? Let the country compensate us . " He denied that the disaster was man-made and a result of the indiscriminate construction of hotels and houses . "  This is a very childish argument -- that cloudbursts , earthquakes and tsunamis are caused by human factors . In the history of hundreds of years of Kedarnath  a region of the state  , no such incident has taken place . In a Himalayan state , this catastrophe has come about in 37,000 square miles of area . This cloudburst , 330 millimetres of rain , can not be anticipated . "	Environmentalists blame rampant development for high death toll in Uttarakhand They blame hydro projects and ad hoc road building for exacerbating the problem Massive Hindu pilgrimages every year strain resources in the Himalayan state Uttarakhand is home to Rishikesh , the meditation retreat made famous by The Beatles
LONDON , England  CNN  -- The final European race of the 2009 Formula One season is being held at one of the world 's most historic tracks . Monza hosted its first race in 1922 and has been the spiritual home of Italian motor sport and Ferrari ever since . The 1951 Italian Grand Prix was won by Alberto Ascari . Four years later he was killed at Monza . La Pista Magica , as the Italians like to call it , is set in the grounds of a former royal park , 12 miles north of Milan and has hosted many of Formula One 's defining races and tragedies . Britain 's Sir Stirling Moss , a three-time Formula One winner at Monza told CNN : "  It 's a very good circuit . And being in Italy , it has a lot of atmosphere -- particularly if you 're driving a red car . The Italian crowds are passionate about their racing . " It is the fastest track Formula One drivers visit all year with speed in the straights approaching 370 kph  230 mph  . "  It 's the only one left with such speed , " Force India 's new driver Tonio Liuzzi told CNN . "  Nowhere else in the championship can you reach top speeds . " Liuzzi , who has completed two Monza Grand Prix for Toro Rosso , says the first time you race at Monza can be daunting . "  You have really low downforce and you can get a bit scared if you think of the speed you are approaching the Ascari or the Parabolica . " The Parabolica is probably the best known turn at Monza . It comes at the end of the fastest straight on the track and starts the final loop round into the home straight . View photos of Monza through the years " The corner was the scene of one of the sport 's biggest tragedies in 1961 . German driver Wolfgang von Trips was killed when his Ferrari collided with the Lotus of Jim Clark . Von Trips ' car flew off the track , spun into the crowd -- protected by a chain link fence -- and killed 15 spectators . "  It was an awful day , " Stirling Moss , who was competing in the race , said . "  He was a really charming guy . We used to lose three drivers a year , but he was quite a special person . " But it was n't Monza 's worst crash . In 1928 , Italian Emilio Materassi died along with 27 spectators when his lost control of his car and plunged into the crowd . Von Trips ' accident signaled the end of the road for the high speed oval and its vertiginous banking . It always led to a compromise in how the car was set up for a race says Moss . "  The handling on the banking was completely different , " he said . The decommissioning of the high speed ring reduced the length of the track from 10 kilometers to 5.8 . But it was never demolished and still sits among the undergrowth , gradually giving itself up to nature . The derelict oval has become part of the allure of Monza . "  It 's an old school circuit , " Liuzzi said . "  When you 're racing there you sometimes look between the trees and see the old parabolicas and banking corners . You can feel the history at Monza and that 's what makes it so special . " The technical challenges that Monza presents have never diminished the excitement or quality of the racing there -- not least Moss 's first victory in 1956 . Moss 's Maserati developed a split in the fuel tank and with five laps to go he was running on empty . A desperate Moss signaled to fellow Maserati driver , Liugi Piotti that he needed a push . Piotti obliged by using the nose of his car to push Moss into the pits . A refueled Moss returned to the track and won the race . One of the greatest drives ever seen at Monza was n't a win but a third place finish by Scotland 's Jim Clark in 1967 . Clark started on pole and was leading until a puncture forced him into the pits . He returned to the race over a lap behind in 16th place . Undaunted , Clark stormed through the field , recording one lap record after another eventually regaining first place . But with the checkered flag in his sights , Clark 's car ran out of fuel and he had to settle for third . Four years later Monza witnessed one of the closest finishes in Formula One history with five cars being separated by 0.61 seconds . In a slipstreaming battle Peter Gethin beat Ronnie Peterson by 0.01 seconds . All the great Formula One world champions have won at Monza -- Schumacher five times , Fangio three , Prost three and Jackie Stewart and Ayrton Senna have both won there twice . For all the attraction of Formula One 's growing band of new circuits , it 's places like Monza that get motor sport enthusiasts pulses racing . It epitomizes all that Formula One once was and what it is still about today -- speed , passion , skill and most importantly courage .	Built in 1922 Monza is the oldest track on the Formula One calendar La Pista Magica has hosted some of the greatest races and deadliest crashes One of the quickest tracks in the world with speeds of up to 370 kph
Louis Zamperini , the Olympic runner and World War II officer who survived a horrific plane crash , a seven-week journey across the Pacific in a raft , near starvation and unspeakable torture in Japanese POW camps , has died . He was 97 . The cause of death was pneumonia , his family said in a statement from Universal Pictures , which is making a film adaptation of "  Unbroken , " Laura Hillenbrand 's bestselling chronicle about Zamperini 's life . "  Having overcome insurmountable odds at every turn in his life , Olympic runner and World War II hero Louis Zamperini has never broken down from a challenge . He recently faced the greatest challenge of his life with a life-threatening case of pneumonia . After a 40-day long battle for his life , he peacefully passed away in the presence of his entire family , leaving behind a legacy that has touched so many lives , " the Zamperini family said in a statement . "  His indomitable courage and fighting spirit were never more apparent than in these last days . " On her Facebook page , Hillenbrand wrote , "  Farewell to the grandest , most buoyant , most generous soul I ever knew . Thank you , Louie , for all you gave to me , to our country , and to the world . I will never forget our last , laughing talk , your singsong ' I love you ! I love you ! ' and the words you whispered to me when you last hugged me goodbye , words that left me in happy tears , words that I will remember forever . I will love you and miss you to the end of my days . Godspeed , sweet Louie . " Angelina Jolie , the director of the "  Unbroken " film , added , "  It is a loss impossible to describe . We are all so grateful for how enriched our lives are for having known him . We will miss him terribly . " Zamperini 's tale is one of those that would be dismissed as fiction if it were n't true . A wild child who grew up in Torrance , California , he was tamed by a love for running and an unquenchable competitiveness . At 19 , he ran the 5,000 meters at the 1936 Olympics in Berlin despite mere weeks of training at that distance . He missed a medal but , in his determination to catch the leaders , ran his last lap in an astonishing 56 seconds . With the 1940 Olympics canceled due to the outbreak of World War II , he enlisted in the Army Air Corps prior to Pearl Harbor and eventually became a bombardier on the sometimes unwieldy B-24 Liberator , nicknamed the "  Flying Brick . " In late May of 1943 , he and a crew took off on a search mission for a fallen pilot . Somewhere over the open Pacific , the plane failed and crashed into the ocean . Zamperini and two colleagues survived , but their troubles were just beginning . He and the other crew members had to survive 47 days on a raft , in scorching sunlight and often without drinking water . They collected rain when it fell and killed albatrosses who alit on the raft . Sharks constantly circled beneath them . One person died on the journey . When Zamperini and his buddy , pilot Russell Allen "  Phil " Phillips , finally washed ashore on a Pacific island , they found they had drifted 2,000 miles -- only to be taken in as prisoners of war by the Japanese . Life only got harder . The men were fed poorly and feared being killed by their captors . Zamperini was singled out for abuse by one camp sergeant , nicknamed "  the Bird , " who beat him regularly in psychotic fury . Zamperini was declared dead by the U.S. military . Yet he endured . As documented in "  Unbroken , " after the war , Zamperini struggled to adjust . He drank heavily . He had trouble sleeping . He wanted revenge on the Bird . But , thanks to a newfound faith -- inspired by visits to Billy Graham 's Los Angeles Crusade in 1949 -- and an unshakable spirit , he overcame his troubles and became an inspirational speaker . He established a camp for troubled youths called Victory Boys Camp . His wife , Cynthia , was a cornerstone of his life . They were married for more than 50 years , until her death in 2001 . He also forgave his wartime tormenters , some of them in person during a 1950 visit to a Tokyo prison where they were serving sentences for war crimes . He was willing to forgive the Bird , Mutsuhiro Watanabe , though Watanabe refused to meet with Zamperini when he had the chance , in 1998 , when Zamperini returned to Japan to carry the torch at the Nagano Winter Games . Scott Blackmun , CEO of the U.S. Olympic Committee , issued a statement offering condolences to the family and saying , "  We 're proud to say that among his many accomplishments and triumphs , Mr. Zamperini was an Olympian . His fighting spirit was a true representation of Team USA and our country , both in Berlin and throughout his life . His presence will be missed . " Hillenbrand 's book was released in November 2010 . It remains on the bestseller lists almost four years later . Jolie 's movie is scheduled to be released Christmas Day . "  It will be hard to make a film worthy of this great man , " she told the Hollywood Reporter in 2013 . "  I am deeply honored to have the chance and will do all I can to bring Louie 's inspiring story to life . " People we lost in 2014	"  Farewell to the grandest , most buoyant , most generous soul I ever knew " -- Hillenbrand Louis Zamperini is the subject of bestseller and upcoming film "  Unbroken " Zamperini survived plane crash , weeks on raft , Japanese POW camps After World War II , he became inspirational speaker
RealSimple.com  -- "  I am leaving , " I murmured to my husband . "  You can not leave , " he hissed back . "  It is 3 a.m. . These are our friends . " "  Do n't worry . I 'll just find a hotel and be back here in time for breakfast . They wo n't even know I left . " "  You can not do this again ! People think we 're mad . You can not leave someone 's house just because a doorknob is sticky . " Oh , but it was n't just the doorknob . It was everything , at least in my mind . This was about 10 years ago , and my husband and I had been invited as weekend guests to the home of dear friends with a one-year-old son . This was before I had my own kids , before I realized that the essential condition of childhood is stickiness and that I would spend the first five years of their lives fearfully clutching wet wipes . RealSimple.com : How to be a good friend Right then I knew only one thing : A doorknob was whispering to me , all Amityville Horror-like : GET . OUT . I have never been a good houseguest . And -- despite what this episode might imply -- it 's not because I 'm impressively fastidious . I am a complete slob in my own home , albeit one with dry , noncling surfaces . But after years of trying very hard to enjoy myself when other people invite me over for the weekend , I 've basically given up . I like to think I 'm the best kind of guest : one who does n't actually stay with you . Oddly , people do n't always see it my way . Particularly the house-proud , those who love their 1,000-count sheets and cunning window treatments and Viking stoves with the special tiny flame for heating chocolate or whatever the hell it does -- those people do n't like me . They do n't like me a lot . I have lost friends over my inability to just get with the program and bask in their hostessy generosity . Here 's the thing : My husband -- a Brit whose love of staying at other people 's homes could rival that of Bertie Wooster , from P. G. Wodehouse novels -- thinks I am rude . He is incorrect . What I suffer from is an overabundance of politeness , and a terror of all the ways I can fail to live up to my own standards . I am cursed with the knowledge of my impolitic nature , and if I have to spend more than a couple of hours being courteous , I become convinced I will get too cavalier and say whatever stupid thing is on my mind . And there are many stupid things on my mind . RealSimple.com : Small , helpful gestures with big impact So I have to be eternally vigilant . I 'm like a werewolf who , when espying a full moon , knows that the only way the people he loves will live to see tomorrow is if he locks himself in the closet and swallows the key . When I confessed this problem of mine to a friend , she immediately started listing all the wonderful times she 's had in other people 's houses : the hammocks she 's lain in , the Pimm 's she 's sipped in tall , icy glasses while allowing herself to feel loved and nurtured . She is insane . Allow me to catalog The Many Ways Things Can Go Wrong When You Stay With People . People hide the items you need most . Where 's the coffee ? No , not that decaffeinated imposter ; the real coffee . No wonder everyone in this house is still asleep at 6:30 a.m. Fine , I will just go out and buy coffee at the corner store . Oh wait , there 's no store at the corner -- that 's a pond . It 's 6:30 a.m. and all I want to do at this point is run home . I will be repeating the same interior monologue at midnight , only this time it will be about gin cocktails . I mean , what kind of people do n't keep their limes in plain sight ? RealSimple.com : 5 ways to win people over People in other houses eat things that are not , in fact , edible . I think the idea is that when you 're having guests , the experience must involve "  special food , " and "  special food " nine times out of 10 is completely horrifying . Seriously , if octopus really tasted that good , would n't there be Octo Shacks dotting America ? Of course , I also despise people who make a big to-do about their precious little eating habits . So I say nothing . Instead , now and then , I bring little treats with me that I like and , naturally , intend to share . Occasionally this goes over well . "  How thoughtful ! " the host exclaims . More often , though , she shoots me an icy stare : Oh , my cooking is n't good enough for you ? People 's houses are quiet . I live in Manhattan , and as a result I 'm a little weird about silence . Out in the hinterlands , the no-noise freaks me out . Where are the car horns ? The garbage trucks backing up ? Why is nobody screaming , "  I will kill you ! " in the middle of the night ? It 's unsettling . In this frame of mind , every owl hoot sounds like the arrival of the Four Horsemen of the Apocalypse . People have trick mirrors . Truly , I am 10 pounds fatter in everyone else 's home . Is it the mirrors ? Or maybe it 's the fact that other people have mirrors , which I do not . RealSimple.com : 5 ways to stay cool under pressure People you never want to visualize without shoes will inevitably appear before you , naked . OK , maybe not naked . But not dressed enough . And to me that generally means something on either the top or the bottom is missing . People do n't appreciate poorly worded compliments . Personally , I never seem to strike the right chord . I think the problem is that I 'm a Decor Moron : I do n't know the difference between Pottery Barn and Precious Heirloom . Once , I visited a particularly grand family and started gushing over the adorable handiwork of their fourth grader , who had molded all these tiny circus animals and placed them in a whimsical diorama on the coffee table . "  That 's a Calder , " the father replied coolly . People have problematic toilets . Need I say more ? People 's houses seem to invite trouble . They just do . All the time . I mean , I 'm not Miss Marple ; it 's not as if when I show up at someone 's house homicidal shenanigans follow . But I have never been to someone 's home without bringing some sort of bad karma with me . RealSimple.com : 13 productive things to do while watching TV How did I arrive at the home of a friend whose three-year-old had , just at that moment , contracted chicken pox , ensuring that I -- one of the three adults in the entire universe who had not suffered from the disease as a child -- would end up in the emergency room 10 days later ? Why did I knock on the door of a friend 's house the day it was swarmed by ladybugs -- thus guaranteeing that I , an insectophobe , would spend the night listening to the gentle plink of tiny hard-shelled creatures kamikaze-ing themselves onto my bedclothes ? Please let me be clear : In theory , I want to visit you .  And I hope you visit me , because my fear and loathing of being a houseguest does not , oddly enough , apply to having houseguests .  After all , I like you so much . I want to coo at your kids , cuddle with your pets , inventory the drugs in your medicine cabinet , and talk into the wee hours . And then I want to go to a hotel , empty the minibar , and write you a thank-you note before hanging my breakfast order on the spotless doorknob so the pot of hot , fully caffeinated coffee will be delivered at exactly 6:30 a.m. Judith Newman is the author of You Make Me Feel Like an Unnatural Woman  $ 13 , amazon.com  . She has written for numerous publications , including the New York Times , Vanity Fair , and Vogue . She lives in Manhattan . RealSimple.com : How to make a good first impression Get a FREE TRIAL issue of Real Simple - CLICK HERE ! Copyright  2011 Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Judith Newman lists the many ways things can go wrong when you stay with people Newman believes she suffers from ` an overabundance of politeness ' Newman would rather spend time with friends and family then sleep at a hotel
Washington  CNN  -- A U.S. Air Force plane serving as an airborne radio station is broadcasting messages to Haitians urging them not to attempt ocean voyages to the United States , saying they will be intercepted and turned back home if they do . The plane is broadcasting recorded messages from Raymond Joseph , Haiti 's ambassador to the United States , and announcements of where earthquake victims can go for food and aid . "  Listen , do n't rush on boats to leave the country , " Joseph says in Creole . "  If you do that , we 'll all have even worse problems . Because , I 'll be honest with you : If you think you will reach the U.S. and all the doors will be wide open to you , that 's not at all the case . And they will intercept you right on the water and send you back home where you came from . " The EC-130J Commando Solo , a large transport aircraft , is flying and broadcasting five hours a day over Haiti , authorities said . In addition to the message from Joseph , it is broadcasting news from Voice of America and instructions on hygiene procedures to prevent disease . "  We are sending public service messages ... to save lives , " said State Department deputy spokesman Gordon Duguid . "  It is part of the U.S. effort to help keep Haitians safe . We do n't want people to endanger their lives by taking risk to try to get to the U.S. at this time . " Haitians who have valid visas can come to the United States on commercial flights . Meanwhile , the Department of Homeland Security has activated a task force to review plans on how to respond to a mass migration from Haiti if necessary . But officials stressed that the measures are being taken out of an abundance of caution . "  We 're actively looking for signs that the citizens of Haiti -LSB- are migrating by sea -RSB- but right now there 's no sign , " said U.S. Coast Guard Lt. Cmdr. Christopher O'Neil . "  The only movement of people we 've seen has been all inland . " O'Neil said a sea migration is unlikely "  if for no other reason than there 's this massive federal government presence -LSB- in Haiti -RSB- trying to deliver humanitarian relief . " "  We 've probably never had this great of a situational awareness of what 's going on in Haiti as we do right now , " he added . Full coverage | Twitter updates The U.S. Coast Guard has five cutters off the Haiti coast focused on delivering humanitarian assistance , and is moving more into the area . Past mass migrations were sparked by geopolitical circumstances rather than natural disasters , O'Neil said . The federal government created a mass migration plan in 2004 after an uptick in migration from the Caribbean , and it regularly exercises the plan . More than 55 agencies participated in the last full-scale exercise , he said . "  Attempts to enter the United States by sea are inherently dangerous , " he said . Migrants typically use crowded , poorly built boats and "  put themselves at the mercy of smugglers . "  It 's simply a prudent measure -LSB- to activate the task force -RSB- , " he said . "  Given the situation and not wanting to be caught unprepared , it makes sense to at least look at the plan and make sure that the people in the appropriate agencies are ready and able to execute the plan if it 's warranted . " Search list of missing and found The phenomenon of Haitian migration in small boats and rafts dates back at least 35 years , according to a Congressional Research Service report . Most notably , an estimated 25,000 Haitians were among the mass migration of more than 150,000 asylum seekers who arrived in South Florida during the Mariel boatlift , an exodus of mostly Cuban migrants in 1980 . CNN Producer Elise Labott contributed to this report .	Message warns Haitians they 'll be intercepted and sent home if they attempt ocean voyage U.S. Air Force plane broadcasts message five hours a day along with Voice of America news Department of Homeland Security planning response to potential mass migration Haitians who have valid visas can fly to the United States on commercial flights
CNN  An Israeli Arab man who is shown being shot by a child in a recent ISIS video has no connections to Israeli intelligence , the country 's defense minister said Wednesday . In the video released Tuesday , ISIS claims the man , 19-year-old Mohamed Said Ismail Musallam , is an Israeli spy . But Israeli Defense Minister Moshe Ya'alon denied the allegation on Israeli radio . The ISIS video shows Musallam 's Israeli passport and claims he 's an agent sent to infiltrate the group . Musallam 's family on Tuesday told CNN that he had no ties with the Mossad , Israel 's spy agency , and had , in fact , been recruited by ISIS . Musallam is an Israeli citizen of Palestinian descent . "  Mohamed told me and his brother that ISIS took him , " according to Said Musallam , his father . "  They sent him money through the Western Union . They said you will have girls , money , cars , villas , paradise , but afterwords he discovered that there is nothing . " It was n't long before Musallam 's family members did n't recognize him when they talked to him on Skype . The man they knew as a kind and funny brother and son who was once a volunteer firefighter had grown a long beard and was carrying a rifle . His father tried to help him get home , sending him money and even enlisting the Red Cross . But his son never made it back to Israel . About a month ago , Said Musallam said , he was told his son was taken by ISIS when he was on his way back and trying to cross the border . A video posted Tuesday on ISIS-affiliated social media accounts shows a man who appears to be Musallam on his knees , wearing an orange jumpsuit . An adult ISIS fighter and a child -- both in fatigues -- stand behind him . The adult , speaking French , gives a command to the child to go forward with the killing . The child steps in front of the man and raises what appears to be a 9 mm semiautomatic handgun and shoots Musallam in the forehead . The man immediately falls forward to the ground . The child appears to then fire at least two more shots into the body . An issue last month of ISIS ' English-language propaganda magazine , Dabiq , included a purported interview with Musallam and described his alleged work for the Israeli spy agency . In the ISIS video , Musallam seems to be reading what appears to be a prepared confession , saying he is an Israeli intelligence agent working for Mossad , sent to infiltrate ISIS . Musallam 's family members said they believe he was coerced in the video , forced to lie about ties to Israeli intelligence . "  Mohamed is not an agent . Mohamed does n't have a shekel . If he was an agent he would have lived a beautiful life , " his mother , Hind Musallam , said . "  We could have been living a different life and I would not be working cleaning houses so we can live . " This is n't the first time ISIS has used children to drive home its message . An ISIS propaganda video released in January -- one that CNN could not independently verify -- shows a boy with a pistol apparently shooting two men in the back of the head . The boy then stands over one of the bodies , fires two more times , and later raises his pistol high . Last August , a photo posted to Twitter from an ISIS stronghold showed a 7-year-old boy holding a man 's severed head and his father 's words , "  That 's my boy . " ISIS has featured children as fighters before , calling them the "  cubs of the caliphate "  the adult jihadis call each other "  lions "  and has encouraged foreign fighters to bring their families . It has taken over schools to indoctrinate children . Human Rights Watch says ISIS and other extremist groups "  have specifically recruited children through free schooling campaigns that include weapons training and have given them dangerous tasks , including suicide bombing missions . " CNN 's Abeer Salman contributed to this report .	An ISIS video claims to show the killing of Mohamed Said Ismail Musallam The militant group claims the 19-year-old Israeli Arab is an Israeli spy But Israel 's defense minister denies the allegation
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japanese Prime Minister Naoto Kan survived a no-confidence vote in parliament on Thursday . The final tally was 293 against the motion and 152 for it . The opposition Liberal Democratic Party filed the no-confidence motion Wednesday , and needed a simple majority for it to pass in parliament , and fell far short of that number . It cited his handling of the March 11 earthquake , tsunami and ensuing nuclear crisis as a reason for the motion . Had the motion passed , Kan would have been required to step down within 10 days or dissolve the lower house of parliament and force a snap election . A devastating tsunami struck Japan 's Pacific coast after the massive earthquake in March , triggering the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl as the cores of reactors at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear plant overheated and spewed radioactive chemicals . Kan , who was unpopular before the disaster , has come under fire as the nation battles to contain the nuclear and economic woes . Adding on to the problems , ratings agency Moody 's Investors Service placed the country 's local and foreign currency bond ratings on review for possible downgrade . Political in-fighting remains a problem in Japan , which has seen six prime ministers in the past five years . Last year , after only a few months in office , his main political opponent within his own party attempted to take control of the Democratic Party of Japan , effectively taking over the premiership . Kan managed to hold onto the title of party leader . Kan 's one-year anniversary in office is June 8 . CNN 's Junko Ogura and Yoko Wakatsuki contributed to this report .	The opposition is unhappy with Naoto Kan 's handling of the March 11 disaster The motion needed 240 votes to pass Kan has been in office nearly a year
CNN  -- Three experienced hikers were rescued from California 's Mount Whitney , but a father and son in a separate group are missing , the National Park Service said . Battling heavy snow , rescue personnel and a California National Guard helicopter reached the three men around noon  3 p.m. ET  Thursday . The men were part of a group of 10 hikers who set out on their journey up the mountain on Monday . About 45 people looked for the three hikers -- Phillip Michael Abraham , 34 ; Dale Clymens , 45 , and Stevan James Filips , 45 -- the National Park Service said in a statement . All three were able to walk and move during a general health assessment . Two other hikers on a 36-mile cross-country loop were supposed to return Tuesday . They are Sinh Baghsohi , 27 , and his father , whose first name is unknown , park officials said . Both men are originally from Iran , but their current residences are not known . The younger Baghsohi is 6 feet , 5 inches tall and weighs about 287 pounds . His father is 6 feet tall and weighs 180 pounds . They had hiked in with a friend , who became ill and hiked out , the park service said . Dave Paladino , an Omaha , Nebraska , resident and leader of the larger group , said extreme weather dumped up to three feet of snow and drastically lowered visibility in Sequoia and Kings Canyon national parks . The group of 10 hikers shared a love of climbing , outdoor activities and adventure , Paladino said . They set out on their hike shortly after 4 a.m. Monday in several sub-groups , including one led by Paladino and another including all three missing hikers . "  Every single one had been training for this event for years , " said Paladino . The snow began for Paladino 's group when they reached 10,000 feet up what he called the "  10-mile hill , " and picked up significantly as they went up another 2,000 feet . His group reached the summit around 3:30 p.m. Monday , staying briefly at a shelter there before going back down the mountain . The climb back down was much more difficult than expected , according to Paladino , due to the heavy snow . "  It was by far the hardest thing we 've ever done , " said Paladino , who said he has climbed Mount Rainier in Washington state , among other peaks . At one point , his group met and talked briefly with the climbers who later went missing . Abraham later sent several texts , the last of which was between 4 a.m. and 6 a.m. Tuesday in which they said they could n't find the trail because of the snow and were heading to the summit shelter . The three climbers did not have snow shoes , said Paladino . However , they likely had enough food and water to last several days , he said . Temperatures near the mountain 's peak were in the 20s , Paladino added , not low enough to make frostbite a major concern . A rescue operation involving two hikers was begun and aborted Wednesday because of the snow . On Thursday morning , "  bigger and more experienced teams " were brought in , said Paladino . "  We wanted to do this , " said Paladino . "  These guys were doing what they loved , and we 'll continue to do what we love . "	Two hikers still missing are from a separate group on Mount Whitney Missing are father and son , originally from Iran Found men started hike early Monday before being hit by heavy snows and low visibility All three were able to walk and move during a general health assessment
CNN  -- A suicide bomber has attacked and killed Bilal Shaikh , the security chief of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , Police Superintendent Raja Umer Khitab said . The attack happened as Shaikh 's car pulled up to buy fruit from a roadside stall in Karachi , Khitab said . Khitab told CNN that his early assessment is that the bomber was on foot and approached the passenger window where Shaikh was sitting and set off the bomb . Shaikh 's vehicle was bullet proof , so Khitab believes the shock wave of the blast killed the security chief . The attacker also killed Shaikh 's driver and a fruit stall vendor who was on the side of the road . Video showed wreckage of a white SUV . Shaikh traveled with two police vehicles , one in front and one behind , Khitab said , and at least 7 police officers have also been injured in the bombing . "  It 's not known if Mr. Shaikh had received any threats , but he was definitely the target of this attack , " Khitab told CNN . The port city of Karachi is Pakistan 's largest . CNN 's Saima Mohsin in Islamabad contributed to this report .	Suicide bomber kills Pakistan president 's security chief Police : Bomber approached security chief 's car on foot and set off bomb Driver and fruit stall vendor died in the blast , police superintendent said
CNN  -- Rickie Fowler rode the momentum from his first PGA Tour win to storm into contention at the Players Championship on Saturday with a 6-under 66 in the third round . The 23-year-old holed seven birdies with the only blemish coming on the 18th where he missed a 4-foot par putt to leave him 9 under for the tournament , three shots behind leader Kevin Na . Fowler won a playoff against world No. 1 Rory McIlroy at Quail Hollow last Sunday to win his first PGA Tour title after three runner-up finishes . The in-form American will be back in his familiar orange outfit for the final round on Sunday as he looks for back-to-back wins . He would be the first player to do that in consecutive weeks on the PGA Tour since Tiger Woods in 2009 . "  I had some fun out there today , " Fowler said after the shooting the lowest round of the day . "  I mean , other than bogeying the last , I 'd have to say it was a fairly perfect round . " Fowler was n't the only player to have problems on the tricky par par-4 18th . Charlie Wi and Adam Scott both double-bogeyed there to ruin promising rounds . Australian Scott is on 4-under , with Wi a shot better off . Na , though , ensured he took the outright lead heading into the final round by holing a 16-foot birdie putt at the last . The 28-year-old American had appeared nervy at times , taking numerous practice strokes before some of his shots and severely testing the patience of the timekeepers , but he enjoyed a bogey-free round of 68 to put him on 12 under . "  I 'm fighting with my balance over the ball . There 's a lot going on and it 's really hard for me to feel comfortable , " he said . "  It 's really frustrating for me too . All I can do is try my best and do what is best for me to play well . " Na 's nerves will be further tested on Sunday when he targets the $ 1.7 m on offer to the winner at Sawgrass . Matt Kuchar , who had shared the overnight lead with Zach Johnson and Na on 8-under , is one shot further back after mixing four bogeys with seven birdies for a 69 . Harris English slumped out of contention with a 7-over 79 . The 22-year-old rookie began the day a shot off the lead but hit a spectator on the head with his tee shot at the first and the shock seemed to unsettle him . He triple-bogeyed the next hole , double-bogeyed the fifth and had four other bogeys in a disastrous round . Woods had found some encouraging form in the second round with a run of four straight birdies moving him up the leaderboard but the former No. 1 did n't back it up on Saturday , an even-par 72 leaving him on 2-under for the tournament . "  I played well today and did n't get anything out of that round , " Woods said . "  It was probably the most solid I 've hit the golf ball all year actually . Even though I hit a couple off-line , they were just hit dead-flush . I just got nothing out of the round . " English pair Luke Donald and Lee Westwood , both vying to replace McIlroy as world No. 1 , failed to shine . Donald 's level-par 72 left him on 3 under , while Westwood is another shot back after a 2-over 74 . McIlroy missed the cut at Sawgrass for the third straight year .	Rickie Fowler shoots the lowest round of the day to sit three shots off the lead Kevin Na finishes with a birdie to take a one-shot lead at Sawgrass from Matt Kuchar Tiger Woods shoots a level-par 72 to stay on 2-under , 10 shots adrift Harris English shoots 7-over 79 after hitting spectator on head with first tee shot
CNN  Cameron Diaz kicked off her new year with the sound of wedding bells . According to reports , the actress married Good Charlotte musician Benji Madden in a small ceremony at the couple 's home in Los Angeles . Diaz , 42 , had been dating Madden , 35 , since May . The couple became engaged in December and are said to have sealed the deal the evening of January 5 . The guest list reportedly included celebrities like Reese Witherspoon and Gwyneth Paltrow , with Diaz 's friend Drew Barrymore serving as a bridesmaid . Diaz - who has previously been linked to actor Jared Leto , singer Justin Timberlake and baseball player Alex Rodriguez - has been skeptical in the past of marriage and outspoken about the fact that she was n't anxious to settle down . She told Maxim magazine in 2011 that she believed marriage was a "  dying institution , " adding , "  I think we have to make our own rules . I do n't think we should live our lives in relationships based off old traditions that do n't suit our world any longer . " But it seems Benji Madden suits the actress just fine . Diaz 's friend and Madden 's sister-in-law , Nicole Richie , has previously  and perhaps jokingly  taken credit for setting the pair up . "  I approve of anything that 's going to make Benj happy , " Richie , who 's married to Madden 's twin brother , Joel , told Andy Cohen on "  Watch What Happens Live " in July . "  I am a devoted sister-in-law . I am happy for anybody who 's happy , and I want everybody to be surrounded with love . " If Richie did play matchmaker for Diaz and Madden , she nailed it . In a statement to People magazine the newlyweds said , "  We could n't be happier to begin our new journey together surrounded by our closest family and friends . "	Cameron Diaz married musician Benji Madden Monday The couple had a small ceremony at their home in Los Angeles Diaz has previously been skeptical of marriage The couple were set up by Madden 's sister-in-law , Nicole Richie
North Korea is facing possibly its worst drought in 50 years , state media reported this week . May is on track to be the driest since 1962 , with rainfall of less than a quarter of an inch  2-5 mm  recorded in major cities , including the capital , Pyongyang , the Korean Central News Agency said . The dry conditions are expected to continue into early June , North Korea 's Rodong newspaper reported , citing a state weather official . Rain during the last 30 days has been lower than normal in the North , according to Jang Hyun-sik with the South Korean Meteorological Administration . "  On average , it is supposed to rain in the range of 70-90 mm  2.75 to 3.5 inches  during this period , " Jang said , noting that South Korean forecasters do not directly communicate with their counterparts in the North . Rodong reported that the drought has delayed the planting of corn and has already damaged crops like wheat , barley and potatoes , but said irrigation "  can fight off the damage . " North Korea 's food shortages are well documented . The World Food Program says more than 6 million people in the reclusive nation do n't have enough to eat . South Korean Unification Ministry 's spokesman Kim Hyung-suk Seoul is open to allowing private organizations to provide humanitarian aid to the North . No food aid is likely to come from the United States . Washington canceled its plan for food shipments after Pyongyang launched a rocket on April 13 . North Korea said the launch was to put a satellite into orbit , but much of the international community saw it as a cover up for testing its ballistic missile technology . The move torpedoed a deal reached in February under which Pyongyang agreed to suspend its nuclear activities in exchange for food aid shipments .	This could be the driest May in North Korea since 1962 Less than a quarter inch has been recorded in major cities Little food aid is expected from South Korea and the United States
CNN  -- Investigators were searching for suspects Wednesday after a shooting that killed one Border Patrol agent and wounded another near the U.S.-Mexican border in Arizona . The agents came under fire near Naco , Arizona , Tuesday after responding to a sensor that had gone off near the border , the U.S. Customs and Border Protection agency said . Authorities identified the agent killed as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie . A native of Provo , Utah , he joined the Border Patrol in January 2008 . Ivie is survived by his wife and two young children . "  I 'm just in shock right now and sad , " sister-in-law Michelle Ivie told CNN affiliate KUTV . "  Nick was the most tenderhearted , kind , gentle , loving person you could ever meet . " He was the youngest of five children , KUTV reported . In a statement , his parents and brothers said : "  We are extremely proud of Nick and for his service both in his community and our country . He loved what he did and he gave it his all , including his life . Our thoughts and prayers are with his wonderful wife and his two beautiful girls . " President Barack Obama called Ivie 's family to offer his condolences and thank the family for Ivie 's service , the White House said . "  The president told the family they are in his thoughts and prayers and made clear that his administration was doing everything it could to locate those responsible for this tragic event , " a White House statement said . The agent who was wounded was not identified . After the shooting , he was airlifted to an area hospital and with non-life-threatening injuries . He was released from the hospital Wednesday , said Jeremy Copeland , an agent with the Tucson Sector of U.S. Border Patrol . Customs and Border Protection "  appreciates the support it has received from its law enforcement partners and community members from around the nation , " Copeland added . Tuesday , Customs and Border Protection Deputy Commissioner David Aguilar noted that Ivie "  died in the line of duty , protecting our nation against those who threaten our way of life . "  His death only strengthens our resolve to enforce the rule of law and bring those responsible to justice , " Aguilar said in a statement . The FBI is conducting a joint investigation with the Cochise County Sheriff 's Office . Investigators have not yet found the weapon used in the shooting , a law enforcement official said . James Turgal , special agent in charge of the FBI for the Phoenix division , declined to say whether the agents involved in the incident returned fire . He also declined to comment on whether any weapons had been found . Lanny Breuer , assistant attorney general for the Criminal Division of the Justice Department , said investigators are at the scene . "  Every time that a law enforcement person is either killed or shot or injured in the line of duty , we have to take a moment and think of our families and think of the heroes involved , " Breuer said . Ivie is the 14th agent killed in the line of duty since 2008 , including three this year . He was killed near a border station recently named for Brian Terry , whose 2010 death led to the public disclosure of the botched Fast and Furious gun-smuggling sting , according to Sen. Chuck Grassley of Iowa . "  There 's no way to know at this point how the agent was killed , but because of Operation Fast and Furious , we 'll wonder for years if the guns used in any killing along the border were part of an ill-advised gunwalking strategy sanctioned by the federal government . It 's a sad commentary , " the Republican senator said . Turgal declined to comment on whether there could be a possible Fast and Furious connection to Tuesday 's killing . CNN 's Leslie Tripp , Ed Payne , Deanna Proeller and Carol Cratty contributed to this report .	NEW : The wounded agent was released from the hospital , officials say The agent who was killed is identified as 30-year-old Nicholas Ivie He is the third agent to die in the line of duty this year President Barack Obama called the agent 's family to offer condolences
Mexico City  CNN  -- A US Airways flight attendant was found dead in his hotel room in Mexico City , company spokeswoman Tina Swail said Saturday . Authorities are investigating the circumstances of Nick Aaronson 's death , she said . A spokesman for the attorney general in Mexico City said authorities were called in the early morning to the Hilton Hotel , where they found the body of a man , estimated to have been between 30 and 35 years old . His body indicated he had been struck several times , Rene Hernandez Cueto said . Investigators are collecting evidence in the case , he added . Preliminary reports do not indicate a safety breach at the hotel , according to a statement from the Association of Flight Attendants  AFA  Council 66 . "  Therefore , we do not believe our crew members are at risk . However , until this matter is resolved , layover crews will be temporarily relocated to an alternative location , " said the union . Deborah Volpe , president of AFA Council 66 , described Aaronson as "  very popular " and a "  much-loved flight attendant . " "  This was a very tragic event and it has affected us all . Right now , we are focusing on taking care of our crew members , " she said . CNN 's Krupskaia Alis , Carloo Perez and Helena DeMoura contributed to this report .	NEW : Nick Aaronson is remembered as "  very popular " and "  much loved " NEW : His body indicates he had been struck several times , authorities say Officials are investigating Aaronson 's death Union : Reports do not indicate a safety breach at the hotel
Perugia , Italy  CNN  -- Former American student Amanda Knox went back to court Wednesday to appeal her conviction for murdering her British roommate . She is tense and has lost weight , her lawyer , Luciano Ghirga , told reporters . And she is facing a difficult legal battle , he said . Rather than prosecutors having to prove she is guilty , "  we have to prove her innocence , which is more difficult to do , " Ghirga said . Her stepfather , Chris Mellas , said she had a "  a very strong appeal " and there were "  ample grounds for Amanda 's release . " He said he experienced deja vu walking back in the court where she was convicted nearly a year ago and seeing "  a new jury , new judge -- new judges . Unfortunately the old prosecutor , still , but you ca n't get everything . " The hearing lasted about 15 minutes before the judge adjourned it until December 11 because one of the lawyers was not present . Knox , 23 , was sentenced last December to 26 years in prison for the killing of Meredith Kercher at the villa they shared in Perugia , the central Italian town where both were students . Kercher , 21 , was found in November 2007 , semi-naked with her throat slashed . Knox and her former Italian boyfriend , Raffaele Sollecito , were both found guilty of the murder . Sollecito is serving a 25-year sentence . A third person , Rudy Guede , a drifter originally from the Ivory Coast , was tried separately and is serving a 16-year prison sentence . Kercher 's family is following the appeal , lawyer Francesco Maresca said . "  Of course , this is a phase in which they want to remember Meredith and think about Meredith and they hope to be able to just dedicate themselves to her memory without having to deal with trials anymore , " he said . Knox 's family said in April that she is innocent and that no forensic evidence puts her at the crime scene . "  Meredith was Amanda 's friend , " the family said . "  They liked each other and spent time together when not in school . Amanda would not hurt Meredith . " The family said the appeal would detail "  a lot of conjecture in these motivations , a number of discrepancies as well as a number of inconsistencies and contradictions ; as well as conclusions not supported by evidence . " Jurors said they believed Knox played a role in the killing but that the death was not premeditated , according to a report released in April by the judges in the case . CNN 's Hada Messia contributed to this report .	NEW : She faces a difficult legal battle , her lawyer says Knox was convicted last year for murdering her British roommate She is serving a 26-year sentence Two other people were also found guilty in the case
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- He got a standing ovation before the orchestra even played a single note . Gustavo Dudamel has been compared to the legendary Leonard Bernstein by one critic . For weeks now , anticipation has been growing for the arrival of fiery young Venezuelan conductor Gustavo Dudamel to take over the Los Angeles Philharmonic , and the crowd could n't wait to roar its approval at his arrival . Dudamel , 28 , engenders a passion among music lovers that is entirely new to the world of classical music . Tickets for his Saturday debut as music director of the Los Angeles Philharmonic disappeared within minutes -- the fastest sellout in the history of the 18,000-seat Hollywood Bowl . "  He is a phenomenon , " said Mark Swed , Los Angeles Times music critic . "  He generates excitement the likes of which has n't come around in a very , very long time -- maybe since Leonard Bernstein . " Watch the exciting Dudamel wield the baton " Swed was in the audience two years ago when Dudamel conducted the Simon Bolivar Youth Orchestra at the Walt Disney Concert Hall , delivering a reading of Beethoven 's Fourth Symphony that left fans delirious . "  I have n't seen that kind of reaction from a crowd since I saw the Beatles at Dodger Stadium , " Swed said . Dudamel 's face has been a common sight for months in Los Angeles . His billboards look down on freeway commuters . He adorns city buses . At the famous Hollywood hot dog stand Pink 's , there is even a dog named in his honor -- the "  Dude Dog , " piled high with jalapeno peppers , guacamole and tortilla chips . While it 's not exactly Venezuelan cuisine , in Los Angeles , there can be no surer sign that the conductor known as "  The Dude " has arrived . So where did Dudamel get this musical magic ? He said at least a part of his talent is inherited . "  I started studying music when I was 4 , " he said . "  I wanted to play trombone like my father . " Soon young Gustavo entered into El Sistema , Venezuela 's state-financed music education program . Hundreds of thousands of children have received instruments and music instruction through the nation 's massive system of youth orchestras . "  You can not imagine , " said Dudamel , "  how it changes the life of a kid if you put a violin or a cello or a flute -LSB- in his hand -RSB- . You feel you have your world . You have your life there , and it changes your life . This happened to me . " As music director of the philharmonic , Dudamel said he hopes to spread a little of the El Sistema magic in Los Angeles . He already has organized one youth orchestra in the run-down neighborhoods of south Los Angeles . Those music students opened for the orchestra at the Hollywood Bowl . The concert also featured student musicians playing alongside jazz legend Herbie Hancock . Cuban pianist Alfredo Rodriguez and bluesman Taj Mahal rounded out an eclectic bill designed to pull in a broad cross-section of music lovers . But it was Dudamel and Beethoven 's Ninth Symphony that brought the crowd to its feet at the concert 's end . It was a promising beginning for a man many are hailing as the savior of classical music . They hope Dudamel can bring a whole new audience to symphonic music , and believe the Los Angeles Philharmonic is the perfect podium for the young maestro . "  He fits in with this town in a lot of ways , " Swed said . "  Obviously being Spanish-speaking in a city where the majority of people either speak Spanish or understand some Spanish ... you know he fits in . The youth culture ? He is young . He is also great , which does n't hurt . "	Gustavo Dudamel , known as "  The Dude , " brings Beatles-like frenzy to Los Angeles The Venezuelan , 28 , is the new conductor of the Los Angeles Philharmonic His Saturday debut sold out 18,000-seat Hollywood Bowl faster than anyone ever Los Angeles Times music critic calls Dudamel "  a phenomenon "
CNN  Wednesday 's game between the Baltimore Orioles and Chicago White Sox will be closed to the public , the Orioles announced Tuesday . The closed-door contest follows the postponements of Monday 's and Tuesday 's games against the White Sox until a doubleheader scheduled for May 28 following unrest in Baltimore . A source within Major League Baseball told CNN the league is not aware of any prior closed-door games in major league history . The game at Oriole Park at Camden Yards is scheduled to begin at 2:05 p.m. ET . The game will be televised on the MASN regional cable network . "  After conferring with local officials , it was determined that Wednesday afternoon 's game should be played without fan admittance in order to minimize safety concerns , " Major League Baseball said . The office of new Commissioner Rob Manfred said the league and Orioles will keep an eye on the situation in Baltimore . "  Our thoughts are with all those who have been affected by violence in Baltimore , and everyone in our game hopes for peace and the safety of a great American city , " Manfred said . Hall of Famer Frank Thomas tweeted that the series should be moved to a later date . The former White Sox star said , "  Playing in front of a empty house makes no sense !! " The game changes come as the situation in the city remains tense following Monday 's riots , with more protests and arrests Tuesday . Mayor Stephanie Rawlings-Blake said the closed game will mean "  another sad day in our city . " "  We 're a sports town . We love our O 's , " Rawlings-Blake told CNN 's Wolf Blitzer . The Orioles said tickets from Monday 's postponed game can be used for admittance on May 28 . Fans with tickets for Tuesday 's game must exchange them for tickets for any remaining home game , including May 28 . The team also announced it would move three games  May 1-3  against the Tampa Bay Rays to Florida . The Orioles will still be the home team , the team said . Fans with tickets for those games and Wednesday 's contest can swap their tickets for future games , based on the dollar amount of the ticket . Exchanges must be completed by June 30 , the team said . The Orioles have averaged more than 33,000 fans in their first nine games at Camden Yards this season , about 73 % of capacity . According to MLB.com , games have been postponed in the past because of security concerns . In 1992 , four Los Angeles Dodgers games were pushed back because of riots after the acquittals of police officers in the Rodney King case . In 1967 , riots in Detroit prompted baseball officials to move games between the Tigers and the Orioles to Baltimore . Opening Day of 1968 was postponed for two days after the killing of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr. . After the September 11 , 2001 , terrorist attacks , all professional baseball was called off for one week . ESPN anchor and baseball expert Keith Olbermann tweeted that a September 1882 game hosted by Worcester had six fans come , the lowest spectator turnout for a major league game . CNN 's Jill Martin , Dave Close and Theodore Schleifer contributed to this report .	White Sox Hall of Famer tweets the closed-door game also should be postponed Baltimore unrest leads to postponement of two baseball games Third game in series will be first ever played without spectators
Bucharest , Romania  CNN  -- After a nearly six-month investigation , authorities launched 70 raids at border crossings and other sites in western Romania Tuesday and detained as many as 100 border police , customs officials and suspected smugglers , police and prosecutors said . Those detained are suspected of smuggling huge quantities of cigarettes into Romania from neighboring Serbia , and face charges of bribery and facilitating smuggling , prosecutors said . The raids -- which forced the closure of several crossings on the Romanian-Serbian border -- started at 6 a.m. and were conducted by at least 1,000 anti-corruption prosecutors , police and security forces , authorities said . Many of the suspects ' homes were also raided , they said . Officials confiscated cigarettes worth 500,000 euros  $ 683,550 U.S.  , they added , in raids that were the culmination of a probe that dates back to August . Police helicopters flew dozens of the suspects to Bucharest for hearings at the National Anti-Corruption Department , authorities said . Prosecutors said those involved in the smuggling operations easily could make at least 5,000 euros  $ 6,835.50 U.S.  per illegal shipment , and there have been hundreds of shipments . Police and customs employee union leaders released a statement following the raids Tuesday , charging that all the smuggling operations were conducted within a well-organized network that had links up to the country 's highest political levels and the profits of which possibly financed the ruling political party . They described the border police and customs employees working at the crossings as the pawns , and said shift bosses , customs managers and some union leaders who collected the bribes were the knights . The intermediate levels were made up of more union leaders and higher customs authority officials , all the way up to the queen , which the union officials charged may be high-ranking members of the ruling political party who appoint customs and border police chiefs . Romanian Interior Minister Traian Igas told reporters at a news conference after the raids that some of the union leaders are aware of the corruption at many crossings . "  I ask them to position themselves some way in order for us to know whether they 're with us or with these people committing illegal acts , " Igas said , adding that he does trust the border police and customs employees who are doing their jobs honestly . Last week , 59 border police and customs employees at the Siret crossing in eastern Romania were arrested on the same charges . The massive raids come after the interior ministers of France and Germany asked the European Commission to postpone Romania 's scheduled entry into the Schengen zone next month because of corruption and security issues . The 25 European countries that are party to the Schengen agreement eliminated internal border controls between member states . Igas said the smuggling probe and arrests should be a positive signal for Europe that Romania is tackling the issues .	Authorities say 100 border police and customs officials are detained in Tuesday raids They 're accused of being part of a network that smuggled cigarettes into Romania Officials seized 500,000 euros worth of cigarettes in the raids
CNN  -- On the afternoon last week when the Rod Blagojevich jury rendered its verdict , you just know that someone , in some entertainment-industry high-rise office suite somewhere , was seeing the invisible lightbulb click on : Eureka ! The next big reality-show idea . No , not a show about Blagojevich . That 's not thinking big enough . But as the anxiety built up during the 14 days of deliberations , as panels of journalists , attorneys and retired judges filled airtime guessing what the outcome would be , the concept was dangling out there like a fresh , ripe , red apple , just begging to be picked : A jury , deliberating . On television . Impossible , you say ? It could never happen ? Never say never . The jury room is America 's last secret place . Once the testimony in a trial has ended , and the door to the jury room closes , all is mystery . High-powered lawyers , distinguished judges , hard-charging prosecutors , wealthy defendants ... all of them may be prominent during the public part of a trial , but once the jury begins its deliberations those courtroom players are as in the dark as anyone else . In a society that seems to be willingly throwing away all vestiges of privacy , the jury room is still sacrosanct . When trials end , some jurors decide to talk to reporters , but by then the outcome is public . And a juror 's retelling of the deliberations , regardless of how precise , ca n't match the moment-to-moment tension of the real thing while it is unfolding . A handful of times in the decades since television was introduced to the U.S. , judges have allowed documentary crews to record jury deliberations for future airing . Such instances have been exceedingly rare . With good reason . Justice is not entertainment ; the determination of someone 's guilt or innocence is not amusement . But , of course , just about everything else in American life has been turned into entertainment and amusement . So we should n't rule out the possibility that at some point , in some state , rationalizations will be made and cameras will be placed in jury rooms for a continuing television series . And how great a leap is it , really , from cameras in the courtrooms to cameras in the jury rooms ? Reasons not to do it are myriad : Jurors might be reluctant to speak candidly knowing they are being watched by people at home ; some jurors , on the other hand , might seek stardom by playing to the cameras ; men and women who might make excellent jurors would be made uncomfortable by the whole process and ask not to serve . The argument presented in favor of it will be that the jury system is such a fundamental part of the nation 's identity that the public would be well served to be able to see exactly what goes on as a case is decided . There will be promises : no juror will be televised if he or she does n't want to ; no case will be sent to a jury room with cameras unless the judge , the prosecutors , the defense lawyers and the defendants agree on it . Still think it wo n't happen ? Here 's why it might : In some state somewhere in the U.S. , when dwindling budgets for the courts have reached crisis proportions , a proposal will be made by a television production company : We will pay -LSB- fill in the monetary blanks -RSB- dollars for the right to televise your juries . With that money you can hire more judges , you can modernize your courtrooms , you can increase the number of prosecutors and public defenders . This will be good for you , and will be good for society . And someone , somewhere , will swallow hard and say yes . Will the result be a nonfiction version of the cinematic classic "  12 Angry Men " ? Or will it be "  Jersey Shore " with bailiffs ? The dramatic possibilities are unarguable . If television viewers get breathless waiting to see who is voted off an island , think of the anticipation as the decision is made whether to set someone free or send him to prison . "  Survivor , " all right . You can almost hear the promotional tagline now : "  Twelve strangers are sent into a small room . By the time they come out ... " Most judges would undoubtedly reject all this out of hand , but there are some who like publicity more than others . With a big enough jury pool , it would hardly be difficult to find 12 men and women who would welcome the opportunity to deliberate on national television . For every defense attorney who would find the concept abhorrent , there might be another who would silently think : My client does n't have much of a chance in this case anyway ; I might as well say yes to the jury being televised , because then I 'll have a video and audio record to search for errors that will help us win an appeal . And the TV shows themselves ? The jury deliberations would have to be heavily edited to get rid of the tedious parts . Trials would be shown on a delayed basis , because most of the country would n't be familiar with the cases anyway , and would be unaware of the verdicts . But when the ratings needed a boost , you can imagine the producers ' pitches to the presiding local judge : "  We want to do this one in real time , to be shown after court ends each night You know how sometimes you instruct jurors not to read the papers or watch TV ? Well , the hook this time will be to turn that around . The whole country will be watching the jury on TV -- but you 'll forbid the defendant , the prosecutors and the defense attorneys from watching . They 'll be the only people in America who wo n't know what the jurors are saying ... " This all sounds like a bad dream , right ? In other words : television gold . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Bob Greene .	Bob Greene says Blagojevich jury verdict likely led to some exec 's Eureka moment Why not a reality show about a deliberating jury ? , he speculates He says in a tell-all culture , with cash-strapped courts , someone , somewhere is bound to allow it Greene : Dramatic possibilities endless , as are potential abuses . But it would sell big
The U.S. military conducted an airstrike in southern Somalia on Sunday against a suspected militant leader , a U.S. military official told CNN . The target was described by the official as a "  senior leader " affiliated with al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab , al Qaeda 's affiliate in Somalia . The United States has not yet been able to determine whether the target was killed , the official said . Last October , the elite U.S. Navy SEAL Team Six aborted a pre-dawn raid in southern Somalia to capture Al-Shabaab leader Ikrima after an intense firefight prevented them from reliably taking him alive , a senior U.S. official told CNN at the time . In a second raid that same weekend , members of the U.S. Army Delta Force captured Abu Anas al Libi , an al Qaeda operative wanted for his alleged role in the deadly 1998 bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa , during an operation in the Libyan capital of Tripoli . The U.S. military official said Sunday 's strike involved missiles . No U.S. troops were on the ground . Al-Shabaab , designated a terrorist organization by the United States , has a relationship with al Qaeda that goes back several years . In 2012 , the two groups effectively merged , said CNN national security analyst Peter Bergen . Bergen : How Al-Shabaab picks its targets Al-Shabaab hopes to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state but has launched attacks in other countries as well . In 2010 , Al-Shabaab claimed responsibility for two suicide bombings in Kampala , Uganda , amid crowds of soccer fans watching televised screenings of the World Cup final . The bombings left 74 people dead . The group said at the time the attacks were retaliation for Ugandan participation in the African Union Mission in Somalia , known as AMISOM . One AMISOM goal is to support Somali government forces in cracking down on Al-Shabaab . Al-Shabaab has also mounted many smaller attacks against targets in Kenya , hurling hand grenades into nightclubs , restaurants and schools . The group has also kidnapped tourists and aid workers . The group claimed responsibility for the September siege of the Westgate mall in Nairobi on September 21 that killed at least 67 people . Al-Shabaab said the attack was retaliation for Kenya 's involvement in the African Union effort against the group . In recent months , Al-Shabaab 's haven in south-central Somalia has been increasingly squeezed as Kenyan forces fight the group from the south and African Union forces come down from Mogadishu , the Somali capital . Somalia warns telecom companies not to comply with Al-Shabaab Internet ban Ex-U.S. soldier accused of trying to join al Shabaab gets 7 years Syria , U.S. surveillance in focus in group 's annual rights report	The U.S. has n't determined whether the strike 's target was killed The target is described as a "  senior leader " affiliated with al Qaeda and Al-Shabaab An October U.S. raid to capture an Al-Shabaab leader was aborted
CNN  -- Allegations surrounding a U.S. investigation that may have involved laundering money for Mexican drug cartels are causing concern on both sides of the border . In Mexico , lawmakers say they are furious and are demanding an investigation . In the United States , a congressman is broadening the oversight of a previous inquiry to include the most recent allegations . Felipe Gonzalez , a federal senator with Mexico 's ruling PAN party , says they will demand an investigation to determine whether the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration allowed its agents to launder money , possibly even on Mexican soil , as part of an investigation into the inner workings of Mexican drug cartels . Gonzalez called the situation "  really , really bad " and said that "  this is not increasing the trust among countries to work together against crime . Furthermore , you ca n't fight crime by committing criminal acts and violating the law . " Last weekend , the New York Times reported that DEA agents "  have handled shipments of hundreds of thousands of dollars in illegal cash across borders . " Rep. Darrell Issa , R-California , announced Monday an investigation into the allegations in his role as chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee . In a letter to U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder , Issa said , "  These allegations , if true , raise further unsettling questions about a Department of Justice component engaging in a high-risk strategy with scant evidence of success . " Furthermore , Issa wrote that the existence of such a program again calls Holder 's leadership into question . Tensions stemming from law enforcement actions have long troubled relations between Mexico and the United States . Samuel Gonzalez , a security analyst in Mexico City , says Mexicans are especially sensitive when it comes to their territory . "  Of course there 's a jurisdiction problem and , in the end , maybe a violation of sovereignty . That has to be determined and find out where the operations were carried out , " Gonzalez said . Robert Strang , a former DEA agent , says infiltration of Mexican drug cartels is not only happening , but it 's essential in investigations aimed at dismantling Mexican criminal organizations by targeting their finances . "  There 's only one way really to catch these major drug cartels , the leaders of these cartels , and that 's to follow the money , because these leaders do n't go anywhere near the drugs themselves . They hire people to do that , " Strang said . As an answer to he allegations published by The Times , the DEA issued a statement Tuesday saying , "  We do not discuss the operational aspects of law enforcement activities . " The statement also said that the DEA has been "  working collaboratively with the Mexican government to fight money laundering for years . As a result of this cooperation , we have seized illicit transnational criminal organization money all around the world through our partnership with law enforcement . " For Strang , the former DEA agent , the bottom line is whether these actions produce results . "  The real question here is whether or not undercover agents need to sell drugs , buy drugs , and launder money . And I 've got to tell you , there 's no way to make these kinds of great international , sophisticated conspiracy cases unless you 're going to do that , " he said . Last month , a small group of Mexican legislators requested the extradition of American agents involved in Operation Fast and Furious . This operation , run by the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives , allowed the illegal smuggling of firearms from the United States into Mexico in an effort to learn about smugglers . Many weapons were lost and likely ended up in criminal hands . U.S. Attorney General Eric Holder is expected to answer key questions about Operation Fast and Furious as he appears Thursday before a congressional panel including Issa , who also is leading the congressional investigation into the flawed gun sting program .	Mexican and U.S. lawmakers call for investigations Allegations say the DEA allowed agents to launder money , perhaps even on Mexican soil Mexican Sen. Felipe Gonzalez : "  You ca n't fight crime by committing criminal acts " A former DEA agent says infiltration of Mexican drug cartels is essential
CNN  -- Does a week go by without news of federal bureaucrats outrageously extending their tentacles of authority over more of society ? Earlier this month it was the Environmental Protection Agency , announcing its plan to introduce on its own the carbon dioxide limits that Congress specifically rejected . Then it was the Food and Drug Administration , insinuating itself into the centuries-old process of aging cheese . Last week it was the IRS trying to shed at last the inconvenience of congressional oversight . Now the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration is claiming sweeping authority over our smartphones , asserting the right to approve any software that might be used in a car . This would likely make the smartphone the first object ever to be regulated both as a medical device and as a piece of motor vehicle equipment . Yet surprising as it may seem to consumers , the matter is clear to NHTSA regulators , who "  maintain that they already have the authority over navigation aids and merely want it clearly written into law , " according to The New York Times . NHTSA , the Times reports , believes that apps like Google Maps , Apple Maps , and Waze pose threats to highway safety that entitle the agency to demand changes to their user interfaces -- matters which are far outside the auto regulator 's zone of expertise . Under the same principle , of course , NHTSA 's control could soon creep beyond the navigation apps . Any software that might theoretically be used while driving could fall under the agency 's regulatory powers : music applications , news alerts and e-mail notifications , even the phone function itself could be construed as threats to highway safety . What 's next ? Atlases ? AAA maps ? Printed directions ? Coffee cups from the McDonald 's drive-through ? NHTSA has already pushed car manufacturers to adopt "  voluntary " regulatory standards for their in-car navigation systems , but technology companies have not been so willing to hand federal regulators the keys to one of their core products . If they 're smart , companies like Google and Apple will fight to keep it that way . For my book "  Breakout , " I interviewed Robert Norton , a former assistant general counsel for Chrysler who spent much of his career negotiating with NHTSA , including stints at each of the American Big Three auto companies . "  There 's so much soft power that NHTSA has over the industry , " Norton told me , "  because you 're always needing extensions and exemptions and ` Can I have 60 more days to give you this report ? ' And generally you are expecting to get the ` Mother-may-I ' permission on that . " When manufacturers ignore NHTSA 's advice or skirt its "  voluntary " guidelines , however , they 're likely to find it a lot more difficult to do business . "  If they get really irritated at you , " Norton said , "  they say , ` No , actually you ca n't . We want this now , and we 're not going to look at this , and we 're not going to consider that . ' So you really are encouraged to play ball because you 're counting on them for your existence . " Norton 's experience explains why the automakers ' support for the proposed rules does n't mean much .  And besides , free navigation apps on smartphones pose a threat to the expensive systems they sell as upgrades in their cars .  Subjecting every Google Maps update and fast-food app to this kind of prison-guard behavior would be an enormous blow to a thriving area of innovation . The pace of innovation in smartphones is so fast , in fact , that it is solving many of the safety concerns NHTSA raises before the agency even gets around to regulating the technology -- and there is no chance the bureaucrats will ever keep up . Their "  voluntary " guidelines require each interaction with the software to take two seconds or less . But on the latest Android phones , users can simply say , without taking their hands off the wheel , "  OK Google , navigate to McDonald 's on 108th Street in Omaha , Nebraska . " This takes longer than two seconds but is far safer than anything NHTSA 's rules imagine . Sen. Deb Fischer of Nebraska , who has led the way in defeating the FDA 's attempt to regulate health-related apps , was quick to respond to NHTSA 's similar encroachment with an amendment last week to prohibit the agency from "  regulating , adopting guidelines with respect to , or prescribing the design of " mobile software . Such explicit denials of authority may be the only way to deal with a federal bureaucracy that thinks it should have a say about everything . Contact your members of Congress today and tell them to keep bureaucrats ' hands off our smartphones . Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Newt Gingrich says bureaucrats regularly overreach , exceeding their authority The latest example is claim by NHTSA that it has authority over some smart phone apps , he says Gingrich : Putting these apps under NHTSA regulation risks strangling innovation
Madrid , Spain  CNN  -- Four suspected Islamic militants are due to go on trial Thursday afternoon in Madrid for allegedly aiding fugitives from the Madrid train bombings of 2004 , a National Court spokesman told CNN . Prosecutor Miguel Angel Carballo , at Spain 's National Court , seeks sentences of eight to 13 years in prison against the four male suspects , who include a Moroccan , an Algerian , a Tunisian , and a fourth man whose nationality was not immediately disclosed , said the spokesman , who by custom is not identified . The prosecutor alleges the suspects provided clandestine lodging in Madrid and in a Barcelona suburb , as well as other aid to various fugitives who "  were directly implicated " in the Madrid train bombings that killed 191 people and wounded more than 1,800 , the spokesman said . Spanish courts already have convicted 14 Islamic militants for their roles in the train bombings , along with four Spaniards , the latter for trafficking in explosives used in the attacks . Additionally , seven other prime Islamic suspects in the attacks blew themselves up three weeks after the train bombings as police closed in on their hideout in a Madrid suburb . That explosion also killed a police officer and wounded various others . The seventh anniversary of the train bombings was two weeks ago on March 11 . Last February , Spain 's Supreme Court overturned a lower court 's conviction of five other men for Islamic terrorist activities that included aiding fugitives from the Madrid train bombings and planning other attacks , according to the court order made public March 2 . The National Court in January 2010 had convicted the five other men -- three Moroccans , an Algerian and a Turk -- for collaborating or belonging to an Islamic terrorist group and sentenced them to prison terms from five to nine years . But the Supreme Court disagreed , ruling that telephone wiretaps used to gain crucial evidence against those five suspects lacked the proper protections under Spain 's constitution , and there was "  insufficient evidence , beyond all reasonable doubt , " to prove the crimes that prosecutors alleged . Those five men were in a group based in a Barcelona suburb , Santa Coloma de Gramenet , before police made arrests in June 2005 . Some of the suspects to go on trial Thursday also allegedly operated their network to aid fugitives from the same Barcelona suburb . The trial is expected to last several days .	Prosecutor says the four aided fugitives from the 2004 Madrid train bombing He is seeking sentences of eight to 13 years in prison The Madrid train bombing killed 191 people
Hong Kong  CNN  -- On the same day yet another death was reported in China 's bird flu outbreak , the World Health Organization warned the H7N9 virus was one of the most lethal that doctors and medical investigators had faced in recent years . "  This is an unusually dangerous virus for humans , " Keiji Fukuda , WHO 's assistant director-general for health , security and the environment told a news conference in Beijing Wednesday . "  We think this virus is more easily transmitted from poultry to humans than H5N1 , " he added , referring to the bird flu outbreak between 2004 and 2007 that claimed 332 lives . "  This is definitely one of the most lethal influenza viruses that we have seen so far . " As investigations continue into the possible sources of infection , Fukuda warned that authorities were still struggling to understand the virus . The WHO said China must brace for continued infections . Fukuda 's warning came as Taiwanese health authorities said they 've confirmed the first human case of H7N9 in Taiwan -- one they said was imported from China . A 53-year-old Taiwanese man who worked in eastern China was confirmed to have H7N9 on Wednesday , the Taiwanese Centers for Disease Control said . His condition was described to be severe . He had been traveling back and forth regularly between China 's Jingsu province and Taiwan , health officials said . "  According to the case , he had not been exposed to birds and poultry during his stay in Suzhou  in Jingsu province  and had not consumed undercooked poultry or eggs , " the Taiwanese CDC said . Taiwanese health officials said they are screening travelers arriving from China for signs of H7N9 . Fukuda , meanwhile , said WHO officials "  are at the beginning of our understanding of this virus . " "  The situation remains  complex , difficult and it is evolving , " he said . So far there is no evidence of sustained human-to-human transmission , the authorities say . "  We do want to note , however , that if limited person-to-person transmission is demonstrated in the future , this really will not be surprising , " Fukuda warned , adding that it was critical to remain vigilant , monitoring the virus 's spread and mutation . "  We are not sure that the clusters were caused by common exposure to a source of the virus or were due to limited person-to-person transmission , " he said . "  Moreover we have not seen sustained person-to-person transmission . " While some elements of the outbreak have baffled investigators -- specifically why the virus tends to target an elderly demographic and the fact that it is asymptomatic or mild in some cases and lethal in others -- authorities have claimed some significant victories in the fight against a pandemic . Anne Kelso , the director of a WHO-collaborating research center , said researchers had seen a "  dramatic slowdown " in human cases in Shanghai after the city 's live poultry market was shut on April 6 . Describing the finding as "  very encouraging , " she said evidence suggests the closure of live poultry markets is an effective way to stop the spread of the virus . The joint inspection team from China 's National Health and Family Planning Commission and the World Health Organization also found that , so far , no migratory birds have tested positive for the virus , taking another worrying route of transmission out of the equation . It said the H7N9 virus is only being found in chickens , ducks and pigeons at live poultry markets . WHO officials said there are already efforts underway in other countries to develop a vaccine after Chinese officials admitted international help would be needed with this . Meanwhile , the National Health and Family Planning Commission said in its daily update on H7N9 cases that a total of 109 H7N9 cases have been reported within mainland China , including 23 deaths . Most cases have been confined to Shanghai and neighboring provinces in eastern China . CNN 's Ivan Watson and Feng Ke in Beijing contributed to this report .	NEW : First H7N9 bird flu case in Taiwan has been reported , health officials say Death toll from China 's bird flu outbreak 23 , with 110 infections -- includes one in Taiwan WHO 's Keiji Fukuda warns H7N9 is one of ` the most lethal flu viruses we have seen so far ' Authorities struggling to understand virus which is mild in some cases but lethal in others
Moncks Corner , South Carolina  CNN  -- Every day , before sunrise , Zubaidah Gibbs wakes to pray , then spends hours more singing praises to God under a tree outside her home . She reflects on the setting and thanks God for the beautiful environment around her in this small Southern town . But this Muslim woman was n't always at peace with herself , or her religion . Her 55 years have been a journey from wanting to be white to being proud to be black ; from the urban North to the rural South ; from studying religions to finding a community in Islam . As a young girl in the 1960s , "  I would have done anything in the world to be white with blue eyes and blonde hair with small lips , " Gibbs said . "  I did n't hang out with girls who were dark like me , because I felt like they were ugly like me . " She became more comfortable with her race as a teenager , when she heard a different message : James Brown singing "  Say it loud , I 'm black and I 'm proud ! " "  I was , like , ` Wow , this is interesting , ' " she said . "  I started getting rid of -LSB- my relaxed hairstyle -RSB- and accepting my hair natural , and I was a little bit more comfortable with myself . " But her pride in her roots did n't fill the void she felt in her heart . She was still searching for connections that transcended ethnicity . Her mother , a Christian , encouraged Gibbs to visit various churches around her home in New York , some led by Protestants , Jehovah 's Witnesses and Catholics . She was 17 when a blind date with a Muslim man ended at a mosque . "  I heard the adhan -LSB- call to prayer -RSB- playing , and I saw the people with their long garbs on , and the sisters -- and I just did n't want to leave , " she said . That same year , she embraced Islam , attracted to the message of peace and its disregard for color . "  Islam helped me to identify with the beauty within as well as outside . ... It balanced me out because now I understand who I am as a human , " Gibbs said . Gibbs ' spiritual journey had only begun . At age 42 , she moved from New York to South Carolina to escape the crowds of the city with her four children . She did n't know of a mosque in the little town where she 'd settled , Moncks Corner , but was reluctant to go 30 miles south to Charleston . So , she prayed about it . One day , Gibbs said , she saw men in kufis , traditional African skullcaps , building what looked like a little house on what had once been known as the "  whites-only " side of Moncks Corner . She discovered it was to be a mosque , just as she 'd prayed for . Today , the mosque , Masjid Muhajarun Wal Ansars , is a small white brick building whose members are mostly African-American . They practice mainstream Islam , like 2.45 million other American Muslims , not Nation of Islam , a separate religious tradition associated with black Muslims . Here , they marry Islamic ritual , racial understanding and traditional southern culture . At the mosque , Gibbs met a spiritual mentor , Sheikh Harun Faye . Faye was born in Thies , Senegal , and came to South Carolina in 1994 after marrying an American . "  I belong to a very large family , and generation after generation all we have done is to lead people to the way of God , " Faye said . "  So , when I got here , the first thing I wanted was a mosque where I can call the people to God and teach them Islam . And that is what I do . " He opened the mosque in 1996 , with five people . The congregation now consists of more than 150 members . Gibbs was among its first members . She was initially attracted to the mosque 's welcoming nature , open-door policy and community outreach . Over the last 14 years , the mosque has assisted thousands of people in need , many of them homeless and ex-convicts . "  Anybody , Muslim , non-Muslim , you know , African-American , non-African-American , anybody who comes and knocks on that door and said ` I 'm hungry , ' or ' I ca n't pay my light bill , ' or ' I need to lay down here and sleep , ' we do n't care who you are , where you come from . You could be the worst crook in the world , we really would n't know , " said Imam Rasheed Nurudin , the prayer leader of the mosque who fills in when Faye is absent . The mosque 's fusion of black American and Islamic culture has allowed members like Gibbs to harmonize her identity and connect with a message of unity . "  When I came and listened to the sheikh and he spoke about God and the Prophet Mohammed , it was n't about ` black power this , ' and ` black man that , ' " Gibbs said . "  It was about humanity . It was about God . "  It 's like you have a veil when you come into the mosque and all of a sudden the veil is lifted and you can see like you 've never seen before . Everything looks different . " The center is a unique cultural crossroads in the deep South , said Anisah Bagasra , an instructor at Claflin University in Orangeburg , South Carolina , who has studied the mosque and how its members incorporate Islamic rituals into their daily lives . "  When you go for their Eid -LSB- holiday -RSB- dinners in particular , this is where you really see both Southern hospitality emerge and ... southern home cooking , but everything 's halal , so it shows that religious mandating as well , " said Bagasra . " -LSB- It -RSB- represents a growing trend in contemporary Muslim communities in the United States in terms of that fusion of traditional cultures with the American culture , while maintaining a pride in their Islamic identity . " Gibbs enjoys the duality and expresses her culture through her clothing , head scarf and singing West African-influenced Islamic prayers , a practice uncommon in other mosques . "  It makes me feel happy . It makes me feel a serenity that words can not describe , because I 'm closer to God with the community , " she said . "  Everyone is singing and praising God together . " For Gibbs , finding a mosque in the rural South was key to her inner peace . It fulfilled the spiritual companionship she 'd been seeking for years , she said . "  This community means a family that I never had and a strength that I never knew , " she said . " -LSB- It -RSB- meant opening up doors that were shut in terms of my self esteem , in terms of my direction , my aim ... my destiny . " She paused to rearrange her scarf , and her eyes began to water . "  I 'm happy . "	Zubaidah Gibbs struggled with her race and religious identity early in life . In rural Moncks Corner , S.C. , she joined a mosque that helped her feel whole . The predominantly African-American , 150-member mosque combines traditional Islam with southern culture .
Canon City , Colorado  CNN  -- Life begins at conception , according to the Catholic Church , but in a wrongful death suit in Colorado , a Catholic health care company has argued just the opposite . A fetus is not legally a person until it is born , the hospital 's lawyers have claimed in its defense . And now it may be up to the state 's Supreme Court to decide . Lori Stodghill was 28 weeks pregnant when she went to the emergency room of St. Thomas More Hospital in Canon City vomiting and short of breath , according to a court document . She went into cardiac arrest in the lobby . "  Lori looked up at me , and then her head went down on her chest , " said her husband , Jeremy Stodghill . Before and after Roe v. Wade She died at age 31 . Her unborn twin boys perished with her . That was New Year 's Day 2006 . Stodghill , left behind to raise their then-2-year-old daughter alone , sued the hospital and its owner , Catholic Health Initiatives , for the wrongful deaths of all three . After about two years of litigation , defense attorneys for the hospital and doctors entered an argument that shocked the widower . They said that under state law , an embryo is not person until it is born alive , according to court documents . The Stodghills ' twins were deceased when they were removed from their mother 's lifeless body . "  I did n't even get to hold them , " Jeremy Stodghill said . "  I have an autopsy picture . That 's all I 've got . " The court agreed with the argument , and Stodghill lost the suit . The court also ruled against Stodghill in the case of his wife for other legal reasons . The hospital and doctors then sued him for over $ 118,000 legal fees and attempted to garnish his wages , according to a legal document filed on his behalf . The defendants offered to forget the fees if Stodghill dropped his appeal . He refused and filed for bankruptcy to avoid having to pay the claim , which he says he ca n't afford as he struggles to raise his now-9-year-old daughter , Libby . Stodghill has petitioned the Colorado Supreme Court to hear his case , and he 'd like to hear from the Catholic Church . Representatives of the Catholic bishops of Colorado declined to comment on the legal proceedings , but said they will review the litigation and Catholic Health Initiatives ' practices "  to ensure fidelity and faithful witness to the teachings of the Catholic Church . " Catholic Health Initiatives would not speak to CNN on camera , but said in a statement , "  In this case ... as Catholic organizations ,  we  are in union with the moral teachings of the Church . " Stodghill wears a tattoo on his chest with his unborn sons ' footprints , their names and the words "  our sons . " He wants the church and his state to see them the same way . Survey : Few religious groups want Roe v. Wade overturned despite belief abortion morally wrong	Lori Stodghill and her unborn twins died in the emergency room Colorado courts agreed with the Catholic organization 's defense that the embryos were n't people Husband Jeremy Stodghill lost the suit but is appealing to Colorado 's Supreme Court The hospital sued him for $ 118,000 in legal fees
CNN  -- A shooting suspect and one of three people he shot Tuesday at a Dallas Area Rapid Transit station just north of Dallas have died of their wounds , officials said . The shootings happened at 3:30 p.m. at the Arapaho station in Richardson , Texas , according to DART spokesman Mark Ball . "  A DART female officer had been alerted by a bus operator about an issue with a customer , so she went to the station to meet the bus , " Ball said . "  Meanwhile , a second bus pulled into the station and that operator also indicated they had someone attempting to board the bus that was being unruly . The suspect got off the bus and started walking towards the train station . When our officer approached him , he started firing . " The DART officer received non-life threatening gunshots to her bulletproof vest and her arm , Ball said . Two male passengers also were shot . One of them later died . Richardson Police spokesman Kevin Perlich told reporters during a press conference at the scene . It was unclear if they were hit by crossfire or were targeted by the gunman , Perlich said . The suspect fled to a warehouse across the street , where he died of a gunshot wound to the head , Perlich said . He did not know if the gunshot was self-inflicted or if the suspect was shot by police during a shootout at the vacant building . Several dozen people were evacuated at the DART station . Police have not released the identities of the shooter or the victims .	Victim dies in Richardson , Texas , shooting Man trying to board a bus begins shooting at transit officer Shooting suspect found dead in vacant building after shootout with police
ATLANTA , Georgia  CNN  -- When Ken Umeano went to watch the summer sci-fi blockbuster "  District 9 , " he stormed out after 30 minutes . "  District 9 " was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it . "  I was so angry , " said Umeano , a Nigeria native living in Atlanta . "  They were showing Nigerians as corrupt , eating aliens , saying they have sex with aliens . I could not watch that . " The movie set in South Africa is a story about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg -- leaving the stranded creatures in a fierce battle with humans . In the film , Nigerians jump at an opportunity to exploit the aliens , who are being kicked out by their South African hosts . A Nigerian gangster provides the aliens with a range of paid services including prostitutes , food and weapons . The depiction has sparked an outcry , including a Facebook group condemning its portrayal of Nigerians . Officials in the West African country have banned it and are demanding an apology from Sony Pictures , the film 's principle distributor through Tri-Star Pictures . "  Why do they want to denigrate Nigerians as criminals , cannibals and prostitutes who sleep with extra-terrestrial animals ? " said Dora Akunyili , information minister . "  We 've had enough with the stereotypes they have branded us with ... we are not going to sit back and allow people to stigmatize us . " The movie will not be shown in Nigeria unless Sony apologizes and edits out any references to the country , she said . Sony pointed out that Nigerian authorities cleared the film for release , and it screened in that country for two weeks . " ` District 9 ' is a work of science fiction , and no offense was intended toward any country or person , " the company said . Watch how the film reflects South Africa 's former apartheid " The film was directed by South African filmmaker Neill Blomkamp , who also co-wrote it , and it was adapted from Blomkamp 's 2005 short , "  Alive in Joburg . " "  Lord of the Rings " producer-director Peter Jackson produced "  District 9 . " Sony 's involvement was limited to distribution . Malawian actor , Eugene Khumbanyiwa , 33 , who plays the top Nigerian gangster , defended his role in the movie . "  I was just doing my job as an actor , " Khumbanyiwa said . "  My job was to play a character as an underworld gangster and I did ... I 'm just going to run away from this whole controversy . " Khumbanyiwa said the outcry was a surprise because his Nigerian co-stars did not have an issue with it . The scenes depicting Nigerians make up less than 10 minutes of the 113-minute film . In some places , Nigerians are shown trying to eat alien flesh to cure illnesses and acquire superhuman powers . Khumbanyiwa 's character is named Obesandjo -- which Akunyili said is an attack on former Nigerian President Olusegun Obasanjo . Some Nigerians said the movie feeds off stereotypes associated with the country . "  Everyone has this image of Nigeria , " Umeano said . "  A lot of people have given Nigeria a bad name , but that does not mean the whole country is bad . " While Clement Nyirenda believes the director should have used a fictional country , he said the outcry is much ado about nothing . After all , he said , the Nigerian movie industry , Nollywood , is filled with the same characterizations . "  The  Nollywood  movies show Nigerians as witch doctors , corrupt , a lot worse , " Nyirenda said . "  Nigeria is mostly known for 419 scams ... the government officials should focus on cleaning the image . " The term "  419 scams " refers to spam e-mails that ask for money and bank information . Akunyili said the country is trying to "  rebrand itself away from such images . " The Nollywood industry is undergoing a makeover , too , she added . "  District 9 " made $ 73 million in its first 10 days . Blomkamp , who grew up in Johannesburg , told CNN last month that he did n't want the sci-fi tale about aliens and apartheid to be defined by politics . "  I did n't want to go , ` Here 's a whole bunch of people oppressed by this apartheid-esque society ' and beat people over the head with it , " Blomkamp said . "  I rather wanted to say this is the city I grew up in , this is what it felt like . " CNN 's Christian Purefoy contributed to this report .	Film is about an alien space ship that breaks down over Johannesburg , South Africa Nigerians try to eat alien flesh , gangster gives them prostitutes , food and weapons Depictions "  promoting stereotypes " sparked outcry ; Nigeria has banned the film Nigerian officials stipulate distributor must apologize , edit out references to country
Princeton , New Jersey  CNN  -- President Obama 's 2012 campaign is gradually starting to take shape . Rather than focusing on the record from his first term and his competence as the commander in chief , the president is promoting himself as a revived populist , anti-establishment Democrat fighting for the unfulfilled goals of his 2008 campaign . Referring to the announcement that Bank of America would charge a debit card fee , the president argued that this justified the need for a consumer bureau . "  You can stop it , " he said . "  You do n't have some inherent right just to , you know , get a certain amount of profit , if your customers are being mistreated . " During a press conference , Obama expressed some support for the protests taking place on Wall Street . The protest "  expresses frustrations American people feel , " he said . Through statements such as these , the president hopes to recapture some of the energy that fueled his dramatic run for the White House . In some ways , Obama is looking back to President Harry Truman 's 1948 campaign against Republican Thomas Dewey . In a stunning come-from-behind campaign , where most of the pollsters were wrong in their predictions , Truman railed against the "  Do-Nothing Congress " and appealed to core Democratic constituencies such as organized labor to win re-election . But this style of campaign poses many risks to the president in 2012 . Obama does not have the same kind of huge foreign policy record that helped Truman neutralize the GOP in 1948 , a campaign that came one year after the Truman Doctrine and the same year as the Marshall Plan . Yes , Osama bin Laden was killed and Moammar Gadhafi was ousted during Obama 's presidency . But Truman presided over the end of World War II and was the president who oversaw the shaping of America 's containment policies to combat international communism . Foreign policy also loomed much larger in the minds of voters as the Cold War was taking shape ; today the war on unemployment has overtaken the war on terrorism in the public mind . Rather than repeating the election of 1948 , Obama could end up facing some of the problems encountered by President Jimmy Carter in 1980 or , in a different context , Vice President Al Gore in 2000 . A populist , anti-Washington campaign is at odds with the Obama whom the nation has seen up close since January 2009 . While the president clearly shares many concerns with the left wing of the party , it 's also clear that he is much more comfortable staying close to the center . He governs much more like President Bill Clinton than one might have expected from his 2008 primary campaign . Obama is a pragmatist and a politician , less concerned about ideological purity than about political outcomes . The president 's relationship with the left has been extremely tense . During a series of legislative battles , including the one over health care reform , Obama kept his distance from the base of his party in an effort to find legislation that could win over the handful of centrists in his own party and the GOP . Some members of his administration , including former press secretary Robert Gibbs , have made tough statements about the need for liberals to be more realistic about their goals . Unlike Truman , who had his own problems with the left , Obama can not point to a huge record from his party of successful policies that have bolstered the security of America 's middle class . When Truman ran in 1948 , FDR and the New Deal were still fresh on the minds of most voters . The danger with running too strongly as a populist is that it can quickly appear disingenuous . If Obama pushes too hard on the populist theme , he could sound a bit like Gore in 2000 , who fell flat -- after years of standing as a voice of centrism -- when he railed against the wealthy . In certain respects , Obama 's efforts to win over the left could backfire , causing activists to feel that they are being used rather than being given an honest choice about whom they would rather have in office -- a Democrat who compromises or a Republican who will be under immense pressure from the tea party . To be sure , the liberal base wo n't vote for Mitt Romney or Rick Perry . But many could decide not to vote at all . Another problem with Obama 's emerging strategy is that the anti-Congress campaign would be hard to pull off . When Truman turned to this theme in 1948 , Congress was under Republican control . The nation had divided government , not a divided Congress , which is currently the case with a Democratic-controlled Senate and a Republican House . When Obama lashes out against Congress he is taking shots at his fellow Democrat , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , not just at House Speaker John Boehner . Voters will have trouble seeing how one party is to blame for the performance of Congress when neither party controls everything . Moreover , it is harder to run an anti-establishment campaign when you are the face of Washington . Carter learned this in 1980 . The heart of Carter 's campaign in 1976 had been to clean up government and regain the trust of voters who were disillusioned with Washington as a result of Watergate . When Carter ran in 1980 , he could n't pull off the anti-Washington stance . Like Obama , Carter was no longer a fresh voice and he was deeply tied to events in Washington . If Obama is too tough on the political establishment , it is possible that some moderate and independent voters might very well agree with his analysis of the problem , but then decide to vote for the Republican nominee who does not carry the same kind of baggage from the capital . The final challenge for Obama is that the focus on anti-government populism will prevent him , or dissuade him , from talking about his legislative accomplishments . In the end , most of the presidents who have successfully run for re-election have defended and championed what they accomplished in Washington . They explained to the voters how they improved the nation . Until now , Republicans have been able to control the narrative of Obama 's presidency . They have depicted everything he has done -- from the stimulus to financial regulation -- as ineffective , and they are now developing an argument that he is not only failing to fix the economy but responsible for the worsening of the situation . At some level , Obama needs to explain to voters what he has done and how he has strengthened the nation -- even in difficult economic times . If he simply ignores his own record and allows Republicans to define what happened in his first four years , he risks leaving himself open to a tough attack from his opponents . President Obama must be true to the kind of Democrat he has been -- not trying to reinvent himself in a media culture that constantly reminds voters of who he really is -- and he must define and champion the record that he has accomplished . If the president wants to persuade voters to support him , he has to convince them that his style of politics and his legislative record are the basis for four better years ahead . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian E. Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : President Obama lately is sounding a populist message He says the populism clashes with what we have seen in Obama 's term Voters are n't likely to support Obama as an anti-Washington force , Zelizer says Zelizer : Most presidents who have been re-elected have run on their records
CNN  -- Some big names are in -- and some are out -- for the inaugural edition of the International Premier Tennis League  IPTL  . Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic , Andy Murray and Serena Williams are all confirmed for the exhibition league that begins in late November in Asia but the biggest draw in tennis -- Roger Federer -- Maria Sharapova and Li Na are among those giving the IPTL a miss . Besides Li , two other prominent Asian players were n't on the official player list released by organizers Friday -- Asian men 's No. 1 Kei Nishikori and doubles specialist Leander Paes , a hugely popular figure in India . Another Indian doubles specialist , Mahesh Bhupathi , came up with the idea for the league , which will hope to be as successful as cricket 's Indian Premier League . "  The IPTL is the  	Rafael Nadal , Novak Djokovic and Andy Murray will play in the new IPTL The exhibition IPTL is modeled after cricket 's successful IPL in India Among the women confirmed is women 's world No. 1 Serena Williams But Roger Federer , Maria Sharapova , Li Na and Kei Nishikori all opt out
CNN  -- Honduras suspended diplomatic relations with Argentina on Tuesday in retaliation for having its ambassador expelled from Argentina last week . Riot police stand in front of marchers supporting ousted Honduran President Manuel Zelaya on Tuesday . The move stems from tensions between the two countries over a June 28 military-led coup in which Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya was replaced by congressional leader Roberto Micheletti . When Honduran Ambassador Carmen Eleonora Ortez Williams , who had been appointed by Zelaya , did not protest the coup , Argentina took exception . Most countries in the world -- as well as the United Nations , the Organization of American States and the European Union -- have denounced the coup and demanded that Zelaya be restored to power . Those nations still consider Zelaya president and do not recognize any officials from Micheletti 's government or any functionaries who support him . Argentina asked Ortez to leave last week "  for supporting the de facto government of Roberto Micheletti . " On Tuesday , Honduras suspended relations with Argentina and asked the South American nation 's diplomats to leave within 72 hours . Honduras ' relations with Argentina will be "  channeled " though the Argentine embassy in Israel , said a release issued in Tegucigalpa , the Honduran capital . "  With regards to Argentine personnel stationed in Tegucigalpa and who are finishing their functions in Honduras , they will be granted , based on the principle of strictest reciprocity , the same treatment , time and facilities that was conceded to Honduran functionaries accredited in Argentina , " the Honduran release said . The Honduran political crisis stems from Zelaya 's desire to hold a referendum that could have led to extending term limits by changing the constitution , despite the country 's congress having outlawed the vote and the supreme court having ruled it illegal . Zelaya vowed to hold the vote anyway but was ousted before the voting started . The congress named Micheletti provisional president shortly after Zelaya was detained by the military and sent into exile . Micheletti said Zelaya was not overthrown in a coup , but rather removed from power through constitutional means .	Honduras takes action after its ambassador is expelled from Argentina Argentina ousted ambassador because she backed new Honduras government Argentina among nations demanding that ousted Honduran president be restored Honduran President Jose Manuel Zelaya ousted in military coup in June
LONDON , England  CNN  -- When it comes to Sharia-compliant banking , few Western countries can compete with Britain . One of the world 's prime financial centers , the City of London is also the key Western hub for Islamic banking . The IBB opened its doors in 2004 and became the UK 's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank . With 23 banks , nine fund managers and a number of international law firms offering Islamic finance in the City , by 2006 British Sharia-compliant assets were thought to be in the region of $ 22 billion . The global industry has trebled in the past decade and is now worth around $ 531 billion . Britain is also in the vanguard when it comes to Sharia-compliant retail banking , catering for its population of approximately three million Muslims . In 2004 , the Islamic Bank of Britain  IBB  opened its doors for the first time , becoming the UK 's first and only standalone Islamic high street bank . A number of Britain 's "  big five " high street banks are getting in on the act . Lloyds TSB and HSBC offer Islamic banking , including mortgages , current accounts and trust funds for children . In the retail market , Britain is the only European country that offers government-authorized Islamic banking products . In the United States , only regional banks like University Bank , Michigan offer Sharia-compliant products . Authorities and regulators in France -- despite having a Muslim population twice the size of Britain 's at six million -- have been slow to realize the potential of this sector . "  In France , Islamic finance is at an embryonic stage . They are where we were three or four years ago , " Sultan Choudhury , the IBB 's director of sales told the Financial Times . British mosques dating back 150 years attest to the long connection between the United Kingdom and Muslims , but it is the British government 's staunch support of the sector -- backing words with legislative changes -- that has responded to the needs of Muslims in the financial world . Junaid Bhatti , who was involved with the setup of the IBB , told CNN : "  Government is a firm supporter of the industry down to amending legislation to create a level playing field for Islamic banking . " The British sector is currently experiencing phenomenal growth of around 20 percent per year compared with global growth of around 15 percent . Industry insiders feel there is still scope for continued growth . Aktar Ahmed of Lloyds TSB Islamic finance told CNN : "  Islamic finance is still in its infancy at the moment . We 're seeing a fantastic rate of growth both globally and here in the UK . " Lloyds TSB now offers Sharia-compliant banking at all of its 2,000 UK branches . Services include an Islamic current account , mortgage and child trust fund . Islamic mortgages have proved particularly successful in Britain , with the market growing from barely a trickle in 2003 to a value of $ 1.7 billion in 2007 . But Islamic banking in the United States is suffering from an image problem . Many Americans are felt to be hostile to the concept after the 9/11 attacks , equating it with "  terrorist finance . " "  There seems to be this misperception out there that the U.S. is perhaps Islamophobic , " said Abdi Shayesteh , an attorney at law firm King and Spalding , which has had a practice dedicated to Islamic banking and finance since the 1980s . "  The U.S. regulators have been supportive and they 've accommodated Islamic banking and finance since the mid 80s , " Shayesteh told CNN . With a best-guess figure of six million Muslims in the United States of whom around 60 percent are devout  and therefore likely to use Islamic banking services  , Shayesteh considers domestic Sharia-compliant banking an untapped market . "  We have at least 3.6 million -LSB- potential customers -RSB- at the very base level market opportunity for banks from abroad and here to tap into , " he explained . Even so , with constitutional limits on promoting any one religion over another , which keeps legislators quiet about the opportunities , and no sign that any major American banks will be rolling out Islamic products , the market remains unexploited for now . E-mail to a friend	Britain leads the Western world in terms of Sharia-compliant banking Major banks such as HSBC and Lloyds TSB offer Islamic banking In the U.S. only regional banks like offer Sharia-compliant products
You 've heard of CNN , but unless you pay close attention to photo and video credits on news sites , you 've probably never heard of the Syrian group SNN . The Shaam News Network is one of several groups that aggregates photos and videos taken by citizen journalists in Syria and tries to show them to the world . Most recently , the group came into the news on Friday after it played a role in distributing images from a U.N.-condemned massacre in the village of Houla , which left 108 people dead , including some children who reportedly were axed to death . YouTube , meanwhile , put a collection of 10 videos from Houla on its homepage on Saturday in an effort to raise awareness about the bloodshed there . Of all the content , one particular photo -- of a tile room lined with bodies wrapped in white cloth -- became the de facto symbol of the violence in Houla . It has been run by numerous news websites , including this one , with credit attributed to Shaam News . Photos : Images paint horrific scene in Houla The photo and the group highlight a crucial trend as the government of Bashar al-Assad continues to crack down on protestors and rebels : Activists and everyday people have taken it upon themselves to record violence against themselves and their neighbors and to distribute it online . And they do so at great risk to themselves . "  Perhaps the single most important way that people are telling their stories is through clips uploaded through YouTube , " Ausama Monajed , a member of Syria 's opposition group , said during a recent talk at the Oslo Freedom Forum , according to a live blog of the event that was posted online . "  And activist have learned that for this information to be credible , it must be properly dated and documented . And they are hoping that one day , these videos may be used to bring the regime to justice . "  If a picture is worth a thousand words , a video is worth a thousand times more . " Should the U.S. ` airdrop ' millions of phones into Syria ? Networks like SNN have become aggregators and , in a sense , gatekeepers to the videos uploaded by citizen journalists . Syrians often will upload controversial videos to YouTube anonymously and without any information about the content , said David Clinch , editorial director at Storyful , a company that verifies and distributes videos from citizen journalists to news organizations . The videographers then text information to aggregators like SNN , which adds details and distributes the videos more widely . The division of labor is intended to make the process of uploading information safer for all those involved , he said . And in a place where it 's difficult or sometimes impossible for journalists to report on the news , these images have become all the more important , said Clinch , who is a former CNN employee . "  It 's hugely significant , " he said . "  As far as I can tell there were no international journalists anywhere near Houla when this happened and so the only original video from when the immediate aftermath -- not just of the bodies but of the shelling and everything else -- was provided by what you could call citizen journalists . " He added : "  By the time the U.N. got there the next day and shot video themselves , any number of things could have been changed or moved and manipulated . " CNN can not verify the authenticity of all photos and video submitted by citizen journalists in Syria , in part because the government restricts the movement of journalists in the country . Clinch said aggregators like Shaam are somewhat helpful at attempting to verify the authenticity of this kind of media , but they do n't always get it right . As The Atlantic 's Max Fisher wrote on Monday , at least one fake image from the massacre in Syria made it onto a major news website . The mistake , made by the BBC , "  seems like an innocent one , and is in some ways an inevitable result of the changing ways in which international media cover conflict zones , " he wrote . Shaam was founded in 2011 , after the conflict began , by a man named Abulhassan Abazeed , according to an e-mail from a man who identified himself as Jafar Alkheer , and who is acting as a spokesman for the organization . Even he does not know how many people contribute to Shaam News . "  There 's no specific number of activities as some of them have been arrested , killed , or wounded the remaining volunteers are not dedicated to reporting to the network , " he said . The group 's goal is to counteract misinformation from the Syrian regime . He added : "  We do n't have any kind of protection from any organization , we are always in danger . " According to its website and Facebook page , Shaam is headquartered in Damascus , the Syrian capital . Anas Qtiesh , a Syrian activist based in San Francisco , said SNN has been a "  prime source " for videos and grassroots information coming out of Syria . The group has become so closely watched that fake SNN accounts have popped up on Facebook and YouTube , Qtiesh said , with similar logs but wildly different information . "  They are really valuable , " he said . "  It 's just very tricky to verify it sometimes because the regime often fakes activist videos just to discredit them . " He added : "  Videos spread like wildfire once they 're out so it 's very important that they be verified before they 're uploaded . " Qtiesh pointed to a Facebook page for "  Shaaam News , " with too many A 's in its name , and three YouTube channels -- shaamnews2 , shaamnews6 and shaamnews10 -- as fakes that are likely operated by people loyal to the al-Assad regime in Syria . YouTube , the Google-owned video site , is working with Storyful to try to verify activist videos from Syria and distribute them via its website . The company has created a Human Rights channel and a CitizenTube channel to highlight the verified videos . YouTube appears to be making efforts to keep content that has high news value on its platform , even if the content could be deemed objectionable or graphic . The video channel occasionally marks clips as graphic or requires users to sign in to prove that they are older than 18 before watching videos that are violent or gruesome . Jillian York , director of international freedom of expression at the Electronic Frontier Foundation , said in an e-mail that YouTube and Facebook generally are doing a good job of making sure videos from Syrian activists surface on their platforms . "  YouTube has been great about keeping content up , even recently creating a human rights channel with the organization Witness , " she said . "  Their policy is , explicitly , to keep up violent content if it is educational or documentarian in nature . " A YouTube spokeswoman declined to comment on the record for this story . Getting the videos from Syria to the Internet is , of course , a major challenge . Clinch , from Storyful , said many Syrian activists upload videos via proxy servers , which are located in other countries , so that it 's more difficult for the government to track them . They also may scramble their communications or run small hard drives or camera cards across the border to neighboring countries so that they can be uploaded , he said . The Syrian government , meanwhile , has been tracking their efforts with some success . According to a report from CNN 's Ben Brumfield : "  Supporters of dictator Bashar al-Assad first steal the identities of opposition activists , then impersonate them in online chats , said software engineer Dlshad Othman . They gain the trust of other users , pass out Trojan horse viruses and encourage people to open them . " Clinch said dozens of YouTube videos still are uploaded from Syria every day . Watching these clips , from SNN and many others , is perhaps the best and fastest way , he said , to get a sense of what 's really going on inside the country right now . Four journalists have been killed in Syria since the conflict began , according to the activist group Reporters Without Borders . U.N. officials say more than 9,000 people have died in the conflict , which began in March 2011 . Opposition groups put the number at more than 11,000 .	Shaam News Network or SNN helps distribute amateur videos from Syria The information is increasingly important as it 's difficult for journalists to report there A photo credited to SNN came to represent Friday 's massacre in Houla 108 people died in the massacre , according to reports
Washington  CNN  -- With its well-killing effort reported to be going "  extremely well , " BP plans to start pouring concrete into the crippled well in the Gulf of Mexico on Thursday . The U.S. official overseeing the response to the spill , retired Adm. Thad Allen , has given BP a green light to pour cement on top of the 2,300 barrels of heavy drilling mud already sent down the well . The mud drove oil back into the reservoir in an operation known as a "  static kill . " But Allen said BP should follow that with a second well-killing procedure that has been in the works as sort of an insurance policy -- pouring additional mud and cement through a relief well that 's expected to be ready in mid-August . "  Based on the successful completion of the static kill procedure and a positive evaluation of the test results , I have authorized BP to cement its damaged well , " Allen said Wednesday in a statement . "  I made it clear that implementation of this procedure shall in no way delay the completion of the relief well . " Earlier Wednesday , Senior Vice President Kent Wells reported that the initial step in the static kill had gone "  extremely well . " The company began pumping the mud Tuesday afternoon , and the operation continued for some eight hours . BP pumped mud into the well from a ship on the surface mostly at the rate of five barrels a minute . That eventually increased to 10 and then 15 barrels a minute near the end of the operation , according to Wells . "  Everything proceeded exactly as we expected it to , " he said . The move essentially sealed the well , which had poured oil into the Gulf for nearly three months until a tight-fitting cap was placed on it in mid-July . Wednesday marked the 107th day since the worst environmental disaster in U.S. history began with the explosion on the Deepwater Horizon that sank the rig and killed 11 workers . The government estimates that nearly 5 million barrels of crude oil spilled into the Gulf . But Wells noted that it has been 20 days since the well was fitted with a tightly-fitting cap , which stopped the oil from flowing and made it possible to permanently seal the well through the operations now under way . "  It 's getting very difficult to find any oil on the surface , but I want to emphasize that BP remains committed to getting this well permanently shut and cleaning up any pollution and restoring the Gulf Coast , " Wells said . "  That was our commitment from the beginning , and we 're just as committed to that today . " While it may be difficult to find much oil on the surface for skimming ships to collect , local officials are quick to point out that coastal areas are still being affected . The Louisiana Department of Wildlife and Fisheries issued a report Wednesday indicating that oil sheen and patches of oil are still being spotted in marshes and various coastal areas in St. Bernard , Paquemines and Jefferson parishes . And in another development Wednesday , Louisiana wildlife officials and the state 's Special Investigations Unit said two men had been arrested and accused of falsifying documents to file claims with BP . Authorities said An Ly , 36 , the owner of Ly Ly Seafood , and Samith Huynh , 31 , falsified documents from January through April , reporting the sale of 6,347 pounds of crabs for $ 9,548.91 during that period -- in the months before the Deepwater Horizon explosion . According to the arrest warrant , Huynh acknowledged receiving $ 5,000 checks from BP America in May and June . But the warrant said that when confronted by authorities , both men admitted they did not sell or purchase any crabs in the months leading up to the explosion , after it was pointed out that Huynh did n't have a commercial fishing license during that time -- and only obtained one in May . The men , from the town of New Iberia , Louisiana , southwest of Baton Rouge , were booked Tuesday in the East Baton Rouge Parish Jail . If convicted , they could face fines up to $ 5,000 and up to five years in jail . BP has promised to compensate people impacted by the spill , and In a meeting with President Barack Obama in June , BP executives agreed to set up a $ 20 billion dollar fund for that purpose . Meanwhile , Carol Browner , director of the White House Office of Energy and Climate Change Policy , talked about the well-killing efforts on CNN 's Situation Room . She told Wolf Blitzer , "  It 's not mission accomplished , but obviously , it 's an important day . " "  We know the static kill worked , and we know we 're not going to have more oil leaking into the Gulf , " she said . But she noted the relief well operation lies ahead , and said , "  We also have the long-term restoration . So we 're just beginning one phase as we end one phase . " Looking ahead to that next phase , coastal parish leaders and state officials in Louisiana submitted a transition plan to the Coast Guard on long-range cleanup efforts . The plan was developed after a meeting last week with Gov. Bobby Jindal , coastal parish presidents , Coast Guard officials and BP Chief Operating Officer Doug Suttles . The plan notes that federal , state and local authorities all must agree that shorelines are clean , before the effort will stop . On that cleanup front , a government report released Wednesday indicated that 74 percent of the oil that leaked from the well over nearly three months has been collected , has dispersed or has evaporated . Several agencies were involved in the study including the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the U.S. Geological Survey and the Department of the Interior . Of the total amount of oil that spilled in the Gulf of Mexico -- the most recent estimate is 205.8 million gallons -- just 26 percent remains in the water , either on or just below the surface as a light sheen and weathered tar balls . Of the remaining 26 percent , "  much of that is in the process of being degraded and cleaned up on the shore , " said Jane Lubchenco , NOAA administrator . The tar balls are either washing ashore , being collected from the coastlines , or buried in sand and sediment and are in the process of being degraded , the report said . CNN 's Vivian Kuo contributed to this report .	NEW : BP given green light to pour cement down well as part of "  static kill " NEW : U.S. says BP must still proceed with relief well NEW : Louisiana officials submit long-term cleanup plan BP exec says well-killing efforts so far have gone "  extremely well "
Joran van der Sloot 's wife says her husband was "  seriously injured " in a stabbing at the Peruvian prison where he is serving time for murder , but a top prison official is calling her account an outright lie , according to reports . Leidy Figueroa , the Dutch convict 's wife , told RTL , a newsgroup in the Netherlands that is also a CNN affiliate , that van der Sloot was stabbed twice . She further claimed that after visiting him Sunday at Challapalca prison in Puno Province , near the Bolivian border , where he is serving a 28-year sentence , she smuggled his bloody polo shirt out of the facility , RTL reported . Van der Sloot was stabbed in the shoulder and in the waist , and both wounds were about 2 centimeters  three-quarters of an inch  deep , she told RTL . Jose Perez Guadalupe , director of Peru 's National Penitentiary Institute , which oversees the country 's prisons , told a 24-hour television station that Figueroa 's assertions were untrue and further labeled her a "  compulsive liar . " He continued with an assault on her character , telling Peru 's Channel N , "  For starters , no woman in her right mind goes to a maximum-security prison and marries the biggest killer there . " Van der Sloot was convicted in 2012 of robbing and killing Stephany Flores . He has been linked to the disappearance of American teenager Natalee Holloway , who vanished in Aruba in 2005 . Earlier this year , he married Figueroa at the notorious Miguel Castro Castro Prison in Lima where he was an inmate before being transferred to Challapalca . Van der Sloot is expected to become a father in September when the Peruvian woman gives birth to their child , lawyer Maximo Altez told CNN in July . Once van der Sloot is eligible for release he 's expected to be extradited to the United States to face charges related to the Holloway case . The Alabama 18-year-old was last seen leaving an Aruba nightclub in 2005 with van der Sloot and two other men . Van der Sloot was indicted on federal charges of extortion and wire fraud after American authorities accused him of extorting money from Holloway 's mother by offering bogus information about her daughter 's disappearance .	Prison chief calls Leidy Figueroa a "  liar , " questions why she married prison 's "  biggest killer " Joran van der Sloot stabbed in shoulder , waist in prison , Figueroa tells CNN affiliate Wounds are 3/4 - inch deep , she says , adding that she smuggled bloody shirt out of prison Van der Sloot murdered Stephany Flores , linked to 2005 disappearance of Alabama teen
