LEONE , American Samoa  CNN  -- Another earthquake struck Wednesday near the Samoan islands , an area already devastated by earthquake and tsunami damage which killed more than 130 people . A traditional Samoan fale is destroyed Wednesday in the devastated village of Leone . The 5.5-magnitude earthquake occurred at 6:13 p.m. Wednesday evening  1:13 a.m. Thursday ET  , according to the U.S. Geological Survey . The quake 's epicenter was 10 km  6 miles  deep in the Pacific Ocean about 121 miles  194 km  from the city of Apia , Samoa . The quake did not trigger a tsunami warning , according to the Pacific Tsunami Warning Center . It followed an 8.0-magnitude earthquake which hit the small cluster of Samoan islands early Tuesday triggering a tsunami . At least 139 people are confirmed dead as a consequence of Tuesday 's quake and tsunami . They include 22 people killed in American Samoa , 110 in Samoa and seven in Tonga , according to officials on the islands . A huge emergency effort was continuing late Wednesday in the Samoan islands and officials warned that the death toll could rise as rescue workers start to reach outlying villages and discover new casualties . Watch the tsunami take over the street " Survivors like Ropati Opa were trying to find ways to cope . The massive waves had destroyed his home , store and gas station in the village of Leone on the southwest coast of American Samoa . With tears in his eyes , he said "  I do n't have a house . I do n't have a car . I do n't have money . I lost everything yesterday . But thank God I am alive . " iReport.com : Witness describes tsunami hitting land U.S. President Barack Obama addressed the disaster at an event Wednesday in Washington . "  To aid in the response , " he said , "  I 've declared this a major disaster to speed the deployment of resources and FEMA ... is working closely with emergency responders on the ground , and the Coast Guard is working to provide immediate help to those in need . "  We also stand ready to help our friends in neighboring Samoa and throughout the region , and we 'll continue to monitor this situation closely as we keep the many people who have been touched by this tragedy in our thoughts and in our prayers , " Obama said . Journalist Jeff DePonte contributed to this report .	Latest death toll from Tuesday 's quake , tsunami stands at 139 Second quake -- magnitude 5.5 -- shook Samoan islands region Wednesday Quake does not trigger a tsunami warning , Pacific Tsunami Warning Center says Huge rescue effort under way in Samoan islands amid fears death toll could rise
CNN  -- South Africa becomes the center of global attention Friday as the World Cup , sport 's most avidly followed competition , kicks off four weeks of soccer action both on and off the pitch . Thousands of spectators from Africa and around the world are expected to pack the Soccer City stadium in Johannesburg for the opening ceremony ahead of the opening match at 4 p.m.  10 a.m. ET  between hosts South Africa -- known as "  Bafana Bafana " -- and Mexico . Why the World Cup is sports ' biggest occasion Everyday life will stop for millions of fans around the world -- albeit temporarily -- as they follow the tournament on television , radio and online , including social media networks such as Twitter . CNN teams up with Foursquare for World Cup Former South African president Nelson Mandela is expected to attend the kickoff , his grandson Nkosi Mandela said Tuesday -- but will not be able to stay for the whole of the match . Mandela , who is 91 , played a key role in bringing the World Cup to South Africa but has made limited public appearances recently , although he did meet the South Africa squad last week . Pre-tournament celebrations have included a concert staged in Soweto on Thursday that featured Hugh Masakela and the Black Eyed Peas . The World Cup is arguably the biggest sporting event in the world , with only the Summer Olympics commanding as much global attention . FIFA , soccer 's governing body , predicts a cumulative TV audience for the tournament of 26.29 billion viewers . Will you be following the World Cup ? Send videos , stories , photos South Africa 2010 marks the first time that the tournament , which was inaugurated in 1930 and is held every four years , has been staged in Africa . It follows FIFA efforts to take the tournament from soccer 's traditional heartlands in Europe and South America to relatively under-developed markets such as the U.S.  1994  and South Korea and Japan  2002  . FIFA now boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the United Nations . Argentina , Germany , Brazil and current world champions Italy have each won the current trophy , introduced in 1974 , twice . Brazil was allowed to keep the original trophy after winning it for a third time in 1970 . How you can sound like a World Cup expert The finals , which will take in 64 matches and run for a month , are the climax of a three-year qualification campaign , which kicked off in August 2007 when New Caledonia beat Tahiti 1-0 .	South Africa 2010 is the first time the World Cup has been staged in Africa The inaugural World Cup took place in Uruguay in 1930 This year 's tournament sees 32 teams contest the trophy FIFA boasts more than 200 member states -- more than the United Nations
The Pentagon is considering under what circumstances it will recommend President Barack Obama authorize the use of a missile-equipped drone to kill the leader of Islamic State in Iraq and Syria , Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi , CNN has learned . Any such mission to kill al-Baghdadi would have to be approved by Obama , according to several defense officials CNN has spoken to at length . All of the officials have direct knowledge of the intelligence gathering efforts in Iraq , but declined to be named due to the sensitivity of the information . "  He is a person of great interest to us , " one defense official told CNN . If the U.S. military were to recommend a drone strike against al-Baghdadi , there would have to be specific and detailed intelligence showing his location at the moment of a strike and intelligence to assure that civilians would not be at risk . In order to launch a kill mission , the U.S. has to demonstrate the target poses a threat to the U.S. Al-Baghdadi 's ISIS organization does threaten the U.S. Embassy and U.S. citizens in Iraq , according to U.S. officials . It is also possible the U.S. could turn the information over to the Iraq government for it to conduct a capture or kill mission against the ISIS leader on its own . Another point of consideration would be the impact of a U.S. strike on the situation in Iraq and whether the U.S. would be seen by Sunnis as siding with the Shiite-led government . Al-Baghdadi already has a $ 10 million bounty on his head from the U.S. government 's Reward for Justice program , which offers multi-million dollar rewards for information leading to the capture of certain high value terrorists around the world . Last week , al-Baghdadi made a very public appearance at a prominent mosque in northern Iraq . Eyewitnesses said he drove up to the mosque in a large convoy and remained surrounded by civilians . But U.S. officials said capturing al-Baghdadi would be difficult because the U.S. military does not have combat troops on the ground in either Iraq or Syria , where al-Baghdadi and ISIS are known to operate . In addition , any covert capture mission by U.S. special forces or law enforcement inside Iraq could be seen as violating Iraq 's sovereignty , though such a mission remains possible . That means al-Baghdadi is essentially on a U.S. "  kill list " even though such a list in Syria and Iraq has never been openly acknowledged . Under U.S. policy , lethal drone attacks are generally authorized when there is no reasonable possibility of capturing a suspect . The possibility comes as part of the U.S. military effort to gather intelligence on so-called "  high value targets " in Iraq and continues to collect intelligence for targeting airstrikes in Iraq . The targets fall into three categories , the officials said . They include information for striking "  high value targets " like al-Baghdadi ; protection of key infrastructure such as the Haditha Dam ; and blunting major ISIS offensives against Baghdad . Airstrikes by either drones or manned aircraft would have to be approved by the President . There are also electronic intercepts being conducted , according to one U.S. official . In recent days the U.S. military has again increased its reconnaissance missions over Iraq from the 30 missions a day it was conducting . "  It 's up around 50 right now . And it 's stayed there for a good many days , " according to Rear Adm. John Kirby , Pentagon press secretary . Who is the ISIS ? U.S. official : ` No reason to doubt ' video 's authenticity of al-Baghdadi	Pentagon considering when to recommend authorizing drone strike agains ISIS leader Any mission to kill ISIS leader Abu Bakr al-Baghdadi would need Obama 's approval Al-Baghdadi has $ 10 million bounty on his head through Reward for Justice program
WIRED  -- The Kyoto gamemaker is gearing up to launch Nintendo 3DS , a portable game machine with a glasses-free 3-D display , in the United States on March 27 . Although 3DS sports a variety of built-in features like a 3-D camera and augmented-reality minigames , out of the box it lacks some features we would call basic -- a downloadable games store , for example , and the functionality to send messages to your online friends . But what 3DS does have is the ability to automatically receive system updates . Nintendo says it will push out firmware updates that will add content and new features to the OS without players having to do anything -- they just need to have their 3DS in sleep mode . Owners of game machines like Xbox 360 or Sony 's PSP understand why this is a big deal . Microsoft has made massive overhauls to the Xbox 360 's user interface since it shipped the console in 2005 , adding major features like Netflix movie streaming , Avatar characters and support for Kinect . After five years of updates , today 's Xbox 360 is practically a whole new machine . The same could happen with 3DS . Nintendo says some features , like the 3DS eShop and a web browser , will arrive in a system update in late May . To find out what could be next , Wired.com spoke to Nintendo 3DS ' producer Hideki Konno at Game Developers Conference in San Francisco earlier this month . As the producer of games like Nintendogs and Mario Kart , Konno 's background is in software development . Nintendo clearly seems to perceive that continually tweaking and adding to the onboard software for 3DS is of paramount importance to the handheld 's continuing success . Here are some things 3DS probably will do in the future  and some features you should n't expect . Text chat By exchanging 12-digit numerical codes with fellow early adopters , 3DS users can build a Friends List . Right now , there 's not much you can do with it -- you can see which of your friends are online and what game they 're playing , but there 's no way to interact . No game invites , no voice chat , not even text messaging . When I floated the idea of text chat to Konno , he seemed to agree . "  We are going to be making updates to the system , and I think that 's something that would be really interesting to do , " he said through a translator . Game demos Nintendo has traditionally been reluctant to release demo versions of games . It experimented briefly with them on its WiiWare service , releasing a handful of demos for a limited time . By contrast , playable demos are always available for every Xbox 360 downloadable game and many major retail ones . "  I question whether or not demos are effective , " said Konno , adding that demos on 3DS would be "  technically feasible " but that he is n't sure they motivate players to buy . "  There are cases where people play a demo game and they 're satisfied with that play experience and they do n't buy the game , " he said . "  There are also times when they play a demo and think , ` Wow , this is great , I 'm going to buy this when I have the chance . ' So whether or not it 's an effective use of resources , I 'm not sure . " WIRED : 3DS idea man pulls back curtain on handheld 's capabilities Konno said demo versions or even entire games could be automatically pushed to 3DS with the SpotPass feature . "  You could wake up in the morning and say , ` Oh look , I 've got a new game demo , ' or a new game , " he said . Games that require 3-D At last year 's E3 Expo , Nintendo showed off a massive array of software demos for 3DS . While most of them will be available soon , one of the most interesting ones seems to have been shelved entirely . The demo showed a Mario-style jumping game with transparent platforms . In the system 's 2-D mode , it was virtually impossible to tell where the overlapping platforms were in relationship to each other . With 3-D on , the depth effect lets you see where to jump . "  We want to get software out to as many people as possible , and there are some people who just ca n't see 3-D , " said Konno when asked about this demo . "  We 're moving away from any stance that says if you do n't use the 3-D functionality you ca n't play this game . " Limited time offer Game industry executives like Gabe Newell of Valve Software have presented compelling evidence that allowing game developers to temporarily reduce the price of downloadable games can have a dramatic and lasting effect on sales . Konno says such price flexibility , a la Steam or the App Store , is n't quite what Nintendo is after . "  If what you 're coming up with -LSB- is something like -RSB- the Apple iTunes store , where people can freely set their prices , I do n't think that 's going to be the case , " Konno said . "  I 'd be a little sad to see if there was a product that I worked on for a couple of years go on sale for a buck . " Echoing comments made by his boss , Nintendo President Satoru Iwata , during a Game Developers Conference keynote address , Konno said the low prices on Apple 's store are n't what Nintendo is aiming for on the 3DS eShop . "  Having a business model that allows for the prices to be driven down that low , as a developer it 's kind of scary because we want to protect our content , and the only way we can justify creating good content is if it makes business sense , " he said . "  It 's more than a pricing issue , it 's a company value . We want to compete with ideas , we want to surprise our consumer base . "  That 's the battleground for us -- are we surprising consumers ? " Subscribe to WIRED magazine for less than $ 1 an issue and get a FREE GIFT ! Click here ! Copyright 2011 Wired.com .	Some features , like the 3DS eShop and a web browser , will arrive in late May 3DS producer : I question whether or not demos are effective Nintendo moving away from games that require 3-D
LOS ANGELES , California  CNN  -- The hospital where a California woman gave birth to octuplets in January has been fined $ 250,000 by the state because nearly two dozen medical workers , including doctors , illegally viewed her medical records , according to state health officials . Nadya Suleman was the subject of controversy after giving birth to octuplets in January . Kaiser Permanente 's Bellflower hospital , where Nadya Suleman 's eight babies were born , revealed in March that 15 employees lost their jobs and eight others were disciplined for improperly accessing her computerized medical records . There was no evidence that information from the medical files was leaked to the news media , which has intensely covered Suleman 's story , according to Kathleen Billingsley , deputy director of the California Public Health Department 's Center for Health Care Quality . Six of the privacy breaches happened at other Kaiser Permanente facilities , which are linked into the same computer system housing medical records . Suleman -- already a single mother with six children -- gave birth to octuplets conceived through in vitro fertilization , fueling controversy . News of her collecting public assistance for some of her children outraged many taxpayers . Suleman lives in La Habra , in Southern California .	Nearly two dozen medical workers viewed Nadya Suleman 's records 15 Kaiser Permanente employees lost jobs ; eight were disciplined No information from files was leaked to media , official says
CNN  -- "  Carrying bottled water is on its way to being as cool as smoking while pregnant , " claims the video "  The Story of Bottled Water , " which debuted on YouTube last month and garnered more than 450,000 views . Is it true ? Are liters of Evian now beyond the pale ? Is Dasani déclassé ? Has bottled water become the new eco-no-no ? Not quite yet . Though water sales have seen a recent downturn , plenty of folks are still paying for their daily hydration . In fact , Annie Leonard 's video points out , Americans buy more than 500 million bottles of the stuff every week . It 's second only to soda in popularity , and some industry analysts believe that by next year water will become the most-purchased beverage in the country . She wants to redirect the flow of water . The bottled water companies , the video insists , are "  scaring us , seducing us , misleading us " into buying their products . Leonard , the writer and narrator , gives plenty of reasons why more and more people want to "  take back the tap . " But the International Bottled Water Association accuses the video of "  numerous false and misleading statements . " " ` The Story of Bottled Water ' takes a very cynical view of the intelligence of consumers by depicting them as being dupes and victims of industry , " said Tom Lauria , IBWA 's vice president of communications . "  We think the opposite ; that consumers are really quite thoughtful in selecting and enjoying a safe , healthy , convenient , calorie-free beverage that 's delicious , refreshing and a very smart drink choice . " However , Leonard argues that not only does tap water often beat out bottled in blind taste tests , but bottled is often less regulated than tap . Tap water is monitored by the Environmental Protection Agency , whose standards are generally stricter than the Food and Drug Administration , which oversees most bottled-water sales . Also , she says , tap water is certainly cheaper -- thousands of times cheaper . Not to mention that some of the best-selling bottled waters -- Pepsi 's Aquafina and Coca-Cola 's Dasani among them -- are , actually , nothing but filtered tap water . The companies have spelled this out on labels after pressure from the consumer watchdog group Corporate Accountability International . Add the fact that , according to Leonard , the amount of petroleum used to make water bottles every year is "  enough to fuel a million cars " and that 80 percent of supposedly recyclable plastic bottles end up in landfills , you have the makings a ecological crusade . IBWA counters on its website that bottled water containers are 100 percent recyclable and the bottles are "  the nation 's most recycled plastic container . " To back up its claims , the organization put its own video "  Good Stewards " on YouTube . The bottle backlash has been bubbling up for a while . Tapping into civic pride What the video calls "  one of the dumbest moves in advertising history " happened back in 2006 . High-end brand Fiji started a campaign intended to tout its expensively-imported-from-the-tropics water . "  The label says Fiji because it 's not bottled in Cleveland , " read the copy in a series of glossy magazine ads . This did not sit well with the good people of Cleveland , Ohio , who were rather proud of their city 's tap water . Cleveland Public Utilities director Julius Ciaccia had the local water tested against the pricey bottled stuff . Fiji water had 6.31 micrograms of arsenic per liter ; the city tap had zero . The company disputed the findings , but the first major battle of the water wars left Fiji looking less than pure . Thou shalt not bottle Initial organized resistance to the bottled water industry came not from the usual urban green crowd , but from Christian groups . In 2006 , members of the National Coalition of American Nuns pledged to avoid bottled water unless absolutely necessary . Later that year , the United Church of Christ partnered with the National Council of Churches to produce a documentary , "  Troubled Waters , " about the ethics of water use , which aired on ABC . For many progressive people of faith , the very idea of privatizing water -- profiting from a shared natural resource -- is abhorrent . Bottled water is not just bad for the environment ; to some , it 's a sin . Restaurants follow suit Since Perrier started marketing its mineral water as a luxury item in the 1970s , American restaurants have made a point of offering customers bottled water with their meals . But then famed California chef Alice Waters banned bottled water at her restaurant , Chez Panisse , in 2006 . The next year she started serving patrons home-engineered sparkling water . Other Bay Area restaurants followed suit , and the idea made its way to New York , where celebrity chef Mario Batali 's fanciest joint , Del Posto , banned the bottle . The idea became fashionable enough that a 2007 article in the online magazine Slate talked about the "  reverse snob appeal " of tap water . Bottle Bans A growing number of schools have active anti-bottled water movements . Washington University in St. Louis , Missouri , was probably the first college to ban all bottled water sales on campus , back at the beginning of 2009 ; the University of Portland did the same a few months ago . Similar bans are being discussed at Wesleyan , American University and Evergreen State College , among other schools . Local governments are also getting into the act . San Francisco , California , Mayor Gavin Newsom was a pioneer , forbidding the use of city money to buy bottled water back in 2007 . Seattle , Washington , followed suit the next year . During the recent Winter Olympic Games , Vancouver , British Columbia , started a campaign to encourage visitors to choose free local water over the bottle -- even though Dasani bottler Coca-Cola was a sponsor of the Games . Bottles under a microscope Journalist Michael Pollan has turned into a hero -- and a best-selling author -- with his eco-conscious explorations of the food system ; Morgan Spurlock found fame with his anti-fast food documentary "  Super Size Me . " Might bottled water be the new frontier in activist journalism ? Reporter Elizabeth Royte was ahead of the curve with her 2008 book "  Bottlemania , " a look at the people and economies behind the water industry . Environmental scientist Peter Gleick has just published "  Bottled and Sold : The Story Behind Our Obsession with Bottled Water , " which includes more than 100 bottled water recalls on everything from mold contamination to algae , bacteria , glass particles and -- believe or not -- crickets . Meanwhile "  Tapped , " a new feature-length documentary by Stephanie Soechtig , has been screening the country with a "  Get Off the Bottle " tour . Greener bottles Bottled water companies have n't simply ignored all the criticism . The Nestle company , which bottles several brands of water , issued a study pointing out that water has a lower environmental impact than sports drinks and other beverages . Both Coca-Cola 's Dasani and Pepsi 's Aquafina have introduced new bottles that are supposedly "  greener " than those used before . And Fiji maintains charitable and ecological campaigns to highlight the company 's awareness . "  Greenwashing " is the view of many in the environmental movement , who believe that this is all nothing but PR spin .	Advocacy video claims consumers are being scared into buying bottled water Bottled water industry claims it 's a smart choice to buy bottled water Critic Annie Leonard : Some bottled water is tap water ; plastic bottles pollute Industry says bottled water containers are 100 percent recyclable
CNN  As police across the South search for a teenage couple on the run , a mother in Kentucky has a message for her son . "  We know they 've done wrong but you need to step up and take the consequences of what you done and come home before someone is really , really hurt , " Tammy Martin , mother of Dalton Hayes , told CNN affiliate WAVE . Hayes , 18 , and Cheyenne Phillips , 13 , are suspected of stealing three cars -- two with guns inside -- and are the subject of a law enforcement search that stretches from Kentucky to Georgia -- and maybe on to Florida . "  I do n't know why they 're doing it , " Martin said . "  I just wish they would turn themselves in . " Martin said that until recently she and her son thought Phillips was much older than 13 , WAVE reported . The couple had not been dating long , she said . Phillips ' mother , Sherry Peters , says she , too , wants her child to come home . "  I really want them to just turn themselves in , " she said . "  I have n't been sleeping very well lately . " Hayes and Phillips are "  increasingly brazen and dangerous , " Sheriff Norman Chaffins of Grayson County , Kentucky , said in a press release . "  I know Dalton and he has a history of making bad , bad decisions , " said Chaffins , sheriff for the county of about 25,000 people in central Kentucky . "  I was the school resource officer before I was elected sheriff . Dalton is known to have disciplinary and defiance issues at the high school with authority . " Hayes was recently charged with burglary and was out on bond , the sheriff said . He 's worried things will end badly as the two get farther and farther from home . "  They are in strange territory , " Chaffins said . "  We are a local , tight-knit community here , we just want them home ... other agencies see them as criminals stealing cars . They would be treated differently than they would be in our county . " It was not clear whether any formal charges have been filed against either teen . The sheriff has referred to them several times as "  suspects . " Cheyenne 's father reported her missing January 3 from Clarkson , Kentucky . Chaffins said she was thought to be in the company of Hayes . Chaffins said the couple first stole a truck in Clarkson . Jim McGrew , its owner , told WAVE the teens took the truck out of his garage and sped down the road before crashing into a fence and fleeing on foot . Police searched and McGrew said he flew his private plane to look for the couple . The wreck caused about $ 7,100 in damage to the truck , McGrew told WAVE . An hour later , the couple stole a 2006 Toyota Tacoma pickup truck with a firearm inside , Chaffins said . Both teens are suspects in the two felony auto thefts and Hayes is wanted for custodial interference . "  It is imperative that these two be located and apprehended as their behavior is becoming increasingly brazen and dangerous , " the sheriff said in a press release . On Wednesday , the sheriff 's department said the couple was spotted on security-camera video at a Walmart store in Manning , South Carolina . The girl was wearing pink cowboy boots , and the man with her was dressed in a dark-colored University of Kentucky T-shirt , the department said . On Thursday , authorities said the Toyota Tacoma pickup stolen in Kentucky was recovered in Henry County , Georgia , just south of Atlanta . A silver 2001 Toyota Tundra pickup with a Georgia certified firefighter license plate was reported stolen from the area around the same time . That truck had two handguns -- a .38 - caliber and . a 45-caliber -- inside , the sheriff 's department said . The sheriff said the two teens may be headed to Florida . "  They are becoming increasingly desperate and we just hope they have enough sense to do the right thing , " he said . Martin told WAVE she last heard from her son in a January 6 text message . "  It says ` Mommy , do n't worry . I 'm fine , okay -- plenty of money and food . Love you , good night , sweet dreams , ' " Martin said . CNN 's Janet DiGiacomo contributed to this report .	"  I just wish they would turn themselves in , " says mother of Dalton Hayes 18-year-old man and 13-year-old girl wanted in rural Kentucky Sheriff says they may have stolen three vehicles -- two with guns inside
CNN  -- Islamist rebels dressed in government military uniforms approached the gate of a high security prison in Mogadishu on Sunday , set off a car bomb and fired their way into the building , eyewitness Farah Mohammed told CNN . They were Al-Shabaab fighters , and security guards at the prison "  foiled the attack " and killed seven of the rebels , Somalia 's Information Minister H.E. Mustafa Duhulow said in a statement . "  The attackers exchanged heavy gunfire with prison guards after detonating a car bomb at the main gate , " Mohamed said . "  A plume of dark smoke could be seen rising from the attacked complex . " During the assault on the National Intelligence and Security Agency prison three security guards and two civilians were also killed , 15 others were injured , Security Ministry spokesman Mohamed Yusuf told CNN . The attackers tried to free their fellow Al-Shaabab members held at the prison , who were sentenced to death by a Somali military court tribunal , said police Officer Abdifarah Ali . "  We were behind today 's raid on NISA prison in Mogadishu , " Al-Shabaab spokesman Sheikh Abdiaziz Abu Musab said on pro-militant radio station Al-Andalus . "  Our Mujahideen forces stormed the complex and then sprayed the prison guards with bullets and bombs , " he said . The government praised the security forces , saying it shows that Somalia has improved security . "  These terrorists groups are against the security improvements we are currently experiencing here in Mogadishu , " Information Minister H.E. Mustafa Duhulow said in a statement . "  We say to them that these foiled attacks strengthen our forces and prove their bravery to the people of Somalia , " he said . The NISA prison is underground and is close to the Somali presidential palace in Mogadishu . Hundreds of inmates , mostly Al-Shabaab members , are being held there . Al-Shabaab is an al Qaeda-linked militant group seeking to turn Somalia into a fundamentalist Islamic state , according to the Council on Foreign Relations . The group claimed responsibility for the deadly attack at a Kenyan mall last year and is believed to be responsible for attacks in Somalia that have killed international aid workers , journalists , civilian leaders and African Union peacekeepers . CNN 's Nana Karikari-apau , and Kay Guerrero contributed to this story .	Al-Shabaab rebels try to storm a prison in Mogadishu Twelve die , including seven Al-Shabaab fighters , in "  foiled attack , " security forces say The attackers wore government military uniforms The prison houses mostly Al-Shabaab members on death row
CNN  -- Internet sensation Susan Boyle came up short , coming in second during "  Britain 's Got Talent " finale on Saturday . Fans cheering on Susan Boyle react after she comes in second during "  Britain 's Got Talent . " Boyle was upset by winner Diversity , a 10-person dance group from Essex and East London , England , ranging in age from 12 to 25 years old . The group won 100,000 British pounds  $ 161,000  and will perform for Queen Elizabeth II in the Royal Variety Show . "  The best people won , " Boyle said . The dancers appeared shocked Saturday when it was announced that they had won . The group was formed in 2007 , and in the same year won the United Kingdom Dance Championships . The group 's choreographer "  tries to create a dance style that is eye-catching and entertaining " and uses films such as 2007 's "  Transformers " for inspiration , the show 's site said . Boyle wowed the crowd Saturday night with an encore performance of the song that first made her so famous around the world -- "  I Dreamed a Dream , " from the musical "  Les Miserables . " After her performance Saturday , the crowd and judges gave Boyle , who wore a floor-length gown , a standing ovation . Boyle finishes second " "  You had the nerve to come back here tonight , face your critics and beat them , " judge Simon Cowell told her . "  You did it . " Boyle had vowed to leave the television show before the finale , after a hectic week , but recanted and performed at the finale Saturday . The 48-year-old Scottish singer wowed audiences and judges during her audition in April when she belted out "  I Dreamed a Dream . " Her performance earned her a string of global television appearances . During the semifinals Sunday , she started off by missing the first note of her performance of "  Memory " from the musical , "  Cats . " Watch Boyle 's semifinal performance " She redeemed herself to earn a standing ovation and a spot in Saturday 's finale . The global fame and the "  odd bit of negative press " in the past week have been too overwhelming for her , judge Piers Morgan told CNN 's "  Larry King Live " on Friday . "  She 's just had a pretty rough week because I think the full enormity of what has happened to her is beginning to hit home , " Morgan said . "  Earlier this week , she had a lot of tears . ... At one stage , she was going to leave the show . So , fortunately , we 've calmed everything down . " Watch how Boyle may be feeling the pressure " Boyle said that that she has put the tumultuous week behind her and is getting ready for the finale . "  It 's all I 've been thinking about , " she said on the show 's Web site . "  I 'm not going to throw away my big chance now . " "  Britain 's Got Talent " defended Boyle on its Web site , saying that media reports of an emotional outburst "  have been taken out of context . " The unemployed charity worker has inspired millions in the face of pop music 's penchant for pre-processed princesses . Before she sang during her audition , the unassuming single woman with a loose mop of curly hair drew snickers from the audience , including notoriously hard-to-please judge Simon Cowell . The scowls and eye-rolling were replaced by wild cheers as soon as she sang the first line . Cowell later apologized for poking fun at her during the auditions stage . "  You are one special lady , " he said last week . "  You really are . " Reporters made their way to her quiet home in Blackburn , West Lothian , Scotland , much to Boyle 's great surprise . "  I keep my feet firmly planted on the ground , because you have to , " Boyle told CNN last month . Asked what has been the most surprising change since her audition , she responded simply -- "  The way everyone seems to have embraced me . The way they seem to have apparently fallen in love with me . "	NEW : 10-person dance group Diversity seemed shocked to win "  Britain 's Got Talent " 48-year-old Internet sensation Susan Boyle came in second Show judge Piers Morgan says Boyle thought about leaving show after rough week Singer catapulted into media spotlight after her audition wowed audiences worldwide
CNN  -- "  My mama always said you 've got to put the past behind you before you can move on . " Wiser words were never spoken , Mr. Gump . But this summer , we 've been ignoring Mama Gump 's sage advice and looking back at summers past in search of a little nostalgic kick . First , we revisited the "  Freedom summer " of ' 64 , then the "  Me " summer of '74 and finally the totally tubular summer of ' 84 . Now , as the end of the season draws near , let 's revisit some of the most notable moments from 20 years ago , the summer of 1994 . Inspirational movies reigned supreme , electro-pop and boy bands ruled the radio , and the "  crime of the century " was the talk of the country . Here 's more on the summer that was : Blockbusters and summer 1994 were like peas and carrots "  The Lion King " taught moviegoers young and old about the circle of life via the coming-of-age adventure of a young lion cub named Simba . With a little musical help from his friends , a warthog , a meerkat and Elton John , the movie became a roaring multiplatform success : After its June 15 release , the animated musical earned multiple Golden Globe , Oscar and Grammy nominations and was the highest-grossing film worldwide that year . Meanwhile , the domestic box office was dominated by a simple man . His name ? Forrest , Forrest Gump . That summer , we also met "  The Flintstones " in a live-action film that was received poorly by critics but ran the box office for several weekends after its May 27 release date . Thirty-two writers famously worked on the script , but one key line still remained : yabba-dabba-doo ! "  The Mask " was another sssssmokin ' late-summer hit : The slapstick comedy starring Jim Carrey and Cameron Diaz made more than $ 23 million on its opening weekend of July 29 . And no summer movie season is complete without an action film -- or three : "  True Lies , " "  Speed " and "  Clear and Present Danger " all screeched onto the big screen in the summer of ' 94 . Soulful and Swedish tunes Swedish pop group Ace of Base showed no signs of stopping with two hits that summer : "  The Sign " and "  Do n't Turn Around . " Listeners swore by the soulful harmonies of All-4-One 's "  I Swear , " which dominated the Billboard Hot 100 charts for 11 straight weeks . During the week of August 6 , the top spot went to "  Stay  I Missed You  " by the bespectacled Lisa Loeb after the song 's appearance in the post-grad film "  Reality Bites . " Loeb was usurped after three weeks by another all-male vocal group , Boyz II Men , and their single "  I 'll Make Love to You . " Meanwhile , MTV viewers were going "  Crazy " for Alicia Silverstone and Liv Tyler , who played two schoolgirls cutting class in Aerosmith 's music video . Baseball players cry foul , and World Cup fever Hockey 's New York Rangers ended their 54-year wait for the Stanley Cup with a defeat of the Vancouver Canucks in game seven of the finals on June 14 , 1994 . Three days later , on June 17 , legendary golfer Arnold Palmer made his final appearance in the U.S. Open . World Cup fever was at an all-time high in a notoriously soccer-averse nation : Not only did the United States play host nation with a cumulative attendance of 3,587,538 , but the home team advanced to the round of 16 for the first time since 1930 with the help of popular players like Alexi Lalas and Tony Meola . As soccer fever cooled , Major League Baseball frustrations heated up . Players went on strike August 12 over a proposed salary cap . They would strike for 232 days ; it was the first year without a World Series since 1904 . Summer of scandals -- and O.J. Speaking of the World Cup , Argentine player Diego Maradona was sent home early after he tested positive for the drug ephedrine . This was not the first time Maradona faced drug trouble : The famed soccer player was suspended for 15 months by FIFA in 1991 over alleged cocaine use . In a more tragic turn of events , Colombian player Andres Escobar was gunned down in the streets on July 2 after accidentally scoring a goal for the United States and ultimately eliminating his nation 's team . Cartel bodyguard Humberto Castro Munoz confessed to the murder , but it is widely speculated that he did not act alone and was employed by a cartel that lost significant money betting on Colombia . In England , the tabloids were aflutter after the Prince of Wales admitted in a televised documentary to committing adultery with Camilla Parker Bowles . The documentary was supposed to paint Charles in a sympathetic light after his very public separation from Princess Diana after 11 years of marriage . And then , of course , there 's O.J. Simpson . On June 17 , 1994 , the Heisman trophy winner and NFL Hall of Famer led police on a low-speed chase on Los Angeles freeways after the killings of his ex-wife Nicole Simpson and her friend Ronald Goldman . The now-legendary white Ford Bronco has been burned into the brains of the collective American audience , as the events unfolded on live television before 95 million viewers . Simpson would be charged and found not guilty of murder . And that 's all we have to say about that .	Twenty years ago , the United States played host to soccer 's World Cup "  Forrest Gump " and "  The Lion King " reigned supreme at the box office OJ Simpson led police on a low-speed chase through Los Angeles
CNN  -- When you get bored , your eyes wander . So when a blossoming blowout between the University of Alabama and some other team in Monday night 's college football championship floated into yawnfest territory , the electronic eyes of ESPN naturally went wandering -- settling on a brunette bombshell who just happens to be the girlfriend of Crimson Tide quarterback AJ McCarron . "  Now when you are a quarterback at Alabama , you see that lovely lady there , she does go to Auburn , I want to admit that , but she 's also Miss Alabama and that 's AJ McCarron 's girlfriend , OK , " ESPN broadcaster Brent Musburger said Monday night as the camera focused on Katherine Webb in the stands . "  Wow , I 'm telling you , quarterbacks -- you get all the good-looking women . What a beautiful woman , " he gushed . "  Wow ! " ESPN : Brent went too far As the chasm grew between Alabama and the other team -- the name will surely come back to us soon -- ESPN kept going back to the well , repeatedly showing Webb cheering in the crowd , wearing her boyfriend 's No. 10 jersey . Finally , Yahoo! Sports columnist Jess Passan jokingly tweeted , "  Sources : A.J. McCarron 's girlfriend to seek restraining order from Brent Musburger at halftime . " Is Alabama college football 's new dynasty ? The attention prompted thousands of football fans to check out of the game and check up on McCarron 's flame , turning "  Katherine Webb " into Google 's second-hottest search -- behind only McCarron himself . All the attention made her a hotter property on Twitter , as well . She went from a scant 526 followers December 26 to more than 148,000 Tuesday , according to the stats site TwitterCounter.com , outscoring her gridiron boyfriend 's 91,000 fans on the social networking service . In her first Tweet after the game , Webb did n't mention what had happened . "  So extremely blessed ... @ 10AJMcCarron . Congrats to Alabama and making history ! #BCSChamps " is all she said in that message , posted at 11:07 p.m. Musburger 's fawning attention prompted a spate of criticism of the 73-year-old broadcaster , with some posters to Twitter calling his comments "  creepy . " The episode even spawned the creation of a parody Twitter account , "  Horny Musburger . " CNN was not able to reach Musburger for comment through ESPN , but the network responded , saying : "  We always try to capture interesting storylines and the relationship between an Auburn grad who is Miss Alabama and the current Alabama quarterback certainly met that test . However , we apologize that the commentary in this instance went too far and Brent understands that . " Far from being creeped out , Webb said Tuesday that she was "  flattered " by the broadcaster 's comments , entertainment website TMZ reported . "  I 've been reading on Twitter that Musburger had backlash that he 's ` creepy ' , " TMZ quoted Webb as saying . "  If I were to see him I would say , ' I do n't think you 're creepy at all ! ' " One of McCarron 's teammates , center Barrett Jones , joked Tuesday in an appearance on CNN 's "  Starting Point " that he was jealous of Webb 's sudden fame . "  Where 's the love for the actual players ? " he joked . "  She is certainly very pretty . But I just think Brent needs to share the love a little bit , that 's all I 'm saying . " Webb is the second rather attractive member of a football audience that Musburger and network cameras have helped push into the limelight . Back in 2005 , when ABC cameras panned across a trio of scantily clad football fans during a Florida State football game , Musburger opined that "  1,500 red-blooded Americans just decided to apply " to the school . One of those fans , Jenn Sterger , went on to a 15-minutes-of-fame career with appearances in Maxim and Playboy and a job as the stadium host for New York Jets football games . Later , quarterback Brett Favre got in trouble for sending her lurid messages while he was a player on the Jets . For the record , Webb was Miss Alabama USA 2012 and is a 2011 graduate of Auburn University with a degree in business management and administration , according to her Miss Universe biography . Oh , by the way , almost forgot ... it was Notre Dame on the business end of that 42-14 drubbing Alabama put on .	NEW : Network says the announcer went "  too far " in his comments ESPN broadcaster Brent Musburger points out Katherine Webb during blowout game "  What a beautiful woman , " Musburger gushes about the Alabama quarterback 's girlfriend Webb becomes a top Web search , gains thousands of Twitter followers as a result
CNN  -- While many Western leaders have distanced themselves from the often controversial Winter Olympics , Chinese President Xi Jinping has been an enthusiastic guest in Sochi . In an exclusive interview with Rossiya , Russia 's state news channel , a smiling Xi declared he was "  absolutely satisfied " with the development of China-Russia ties . "  This period of Sino-Russian relations has the strongest foundation , the highest trust , and the greatest regional and global influence , " said Xi , according to a transcript provided by Chinese state media . Xi has been eager to demonstrate his commitment to Russia , choosing it as the destination for his symbolic first foreign visit both last year , when he took office , and again this year . Xi 's trip to Sochi is the first visit by a Chinese leader to an Olympics opening ceremony outside of Beijing . But according to Professor Jean-Pierre Cabestan , the chair of the Department of Government and International Studies at Hong Kong Baptist University , the relationship is not as rosy as it looks . "  I think China wants to keep a very close relationship with Russia , but there 's a bit of asymmetry , " he told CNN . "  Russia is also cultivating a better relationship with Japan -- they do not want to see China becoming too powerful . " Noting that Xi Jinping was seated far apart from Japanese prime minister Shinzo Abe during the Games ' opening ceremony , Cabestan said the placement was "  meaningful . " "  Putin wanted to keep some balance between China and Japan , " he said . "  He sees Japan as a kind of balance against Chinese influence in the far East . That 's Putin 's policy , but he wo n't say it . " In the interview , Xi also opened up about the challenges of reforming his home country . "  After 30-plus years of reform , China has entered deep water , " said Xi . "  You could say that the easy reforms - the ones that would make everyone happy - have been completed . The tasty meat has been eaten up , what 's left are the tough bones that are hard to chew . " In the last two years , China has faced flagging growth , environmental issues , and social problems as migrant workers move en masse to the big cities . But Xi said the country would move forward with "  courage . " "  We should dare to wade into dangerous rapids , " he said . At the end of the interview , the leader was asked if he had a favorite sport . The first one he named ? Swimming .	Xi says he is "  absolutely satisfied " with the development of China-Russia ties Professor : Some tensions remain in the relationship between the two countries Russia has sought to balance China and Japan , who are not on friendly terms On China 's domestic reform , Xi says numerous challenges lie ahead
CNN  -- Egypt will hold parliamentary elections in several stages beginning April 27 , a member of President Mohamed Morsy 's presidential team announced Thursday . Pakinam el-Sharkawy made the announcement on state television . These will be the first elections since Egypt 's highest court dissolved the lower house of parliament last June , and it will be the first full parliament in Morsy 's presidency . The upper house , the Shura Council , has continued to meet . The election process will take place in four stages : April 27-28 , May 15-16 and June 2-3 and 19-20 , according to the official decree released by the president 's spokesman , Yassir Ali . Runoffs will be held one week after each stage . The House of Representatives , the lower house in Egypt 's bicameral system , will hold its first session July 6 , the decree said . Previous elections have had three stages , not four . More stages raises the possibility of more politically charged violence , particularly in the province of Port Said . In the past year , violent clashes in the coastal province along the Suez Canal have highlighted the longstanding resentment residents there feel toward Cairo . Both Port Said and Cairo are included in the first round of voting . Several stages of elections also means the Muslim Brotherhood , the group that backs Morsy , has more time to rebuild its waning support .	Elections will be held in four stages House of Representatives will have its first session in July
CNN  -- The family of deceased Libyan strongman Moammar Gadhafi will file a war crimes complaint against NATO with the International Criminal Court , a lawyer representing the family said Thursday . Members of the family believe NATO 's actions led to Gadhafi 's death last week , said Marcel Ceccaldi . "  All of the events that have taken place since February 2011 and the murder of Gadhafi , all of this means we are totally in our right to call upon the International Criminal Court , " Ceccaldi , a French attorney , said . NATO responded that it "  conducts its operation in strict conformity with the relevant U.N. Security Council resolutions . " In a statement Thursday , a NATO official said , "  At no time during Operation Unified Protector has NATO targeted specific individuals . " The ICC had previously issued a warrant for Gadhafi 's arrest , accusing him of crimes against humanity . The ICC still has warrants for the arrest of Gadhafi 's son , Saif al-Islam Gadhafi , and his brother-in-law Abdullah al-Sanussi . Questions surround the death of Moammar Gadhafi , who eluded forces loyal to the National Transitional Council for months . Video shows Gadhafi was alive when captured by the opposition . He died from a shot in the head , officials said , but the circumstances surrounding the shot remain unclear . The United States said it supports an independent investigation , as called for by the United Nations and by Libya 's new leadership . Ceccaldi said the Gadhafi family 's complaint will be filed in the coming days . "  Now we will wait and see if the ICC is a judicial system which is independent and impartial , " he added . Lt. Gen. Charles Bouchard , commander of the NATO military operation , said earlier this week that NATO "  did not get involved in anything beyond what was our legal mandate and we remain well within the mandate assigned to us by the North Atlantic Council . " While Gadhafi survived an airstrike in the Sirte area shortly before he died , Bouchard said NATO did not know the former Libyan leader was in the convoy . "  We saw a convoy , and in fact we had no idea that Gadhafi was on board , " Bouchard said . Some vehicles in the convoy were carrying weaponry , and seemed to present a potential threat to the population , he said . The news came as the U.N. Security Council voted unanimously Thursday to end NATO 's military operations in Libya .	NEW : NATO responds that it never targeted specific individuals in the operation The Gadhafi family blames NATO for Gadhafi 's death , the lawyer says The family will file the complaint with the ICC , the lawyer says The ICC had a warrant for Gadhafi 's arrest
Baghdad  CNN  -- An al-Qaeda affiliate claimed responsibility Wednesday for a chain of 24 bombings and two gun attacks in Iraq a day earlier , as the death toll rose to 61 . A statement attributed to the Islamic State of Iraq appeared on extremist websites , calling Tuesday 's carnage "  retaliation " against Shiite members in government . Though Iraq has grown safer in the last six years , sectarian violence and instability still grip the country 10 years after the start of the U.S.-led war . The attacks -- 17 car bombs , seven roadside bombs , and two shootings -- ripped mostly through Shiite neighborhoods of Baghdad , but also struck Sunni communities in other towns . At least 200 people were wounded . Early Wednesday another car bomb detonated on a busy square , killing two people and injuring five more . The level of carnage has dropped considerably since the height of the sectarian violence in 2006 and 2007 that nearly tore Iraq apart . But the continuing violence serves as a near daily reminder of the threat to the fragile political and economic gains in a post-Saddam Hussein Iraq . It 's the second time in less than a week that the Iraqi capital has endured major simultaneous attacks . Interactive : Iraq 10 years on Ten years on , the war left more than 134,000 Iraqis and more than 4,800 U.S. and other coalition service members dead . The war cost hundreds of billions of dollars . "  It remains entrenched and pervasive , with a clear beginning but no foreseeable end , and very much a part of the present in Iraq , " said Iraq Body Count , a UK-based group that tracks war deaths . "  In major regions of the country armed violence continues to exact a remorseless toll on human life , young and old , male and female , across society . " In Tuesday 's violence , car bombs rocked Baghdad neighborhoods long engulfed in conflict , like Shulaa and Kadhimiya . They struck Mustansiriya University in eastern Baghdad and the fortified International Zone , also known as the Green Zone , where the city 's international presence is concentrated . They hit cities north and south of the capital as well . Authorities defused four car bombs in the southern city of Basra . Attackers also struck in the provinces of Anbar , Kirkuk , Babel , Nineva , and Diyala . They set off roadside bombs in Baghdad 's teeming Shiite slum of Sadr City . Iraq is still on pins and needles Change can be seen in the once war-torn nation . A robust form of democracy has taken hold . Sunnis , Shiites , Kurds and others often work together . There is more political , economic and social stability . Coalition forces that ousted Hussein 's government have departed . However , recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis that sectarian warfare between Sunnis and Shiites may ravage the country again . Sunnis had more political clout during Hussein 's reign . The Shiites and the Kurds , the other two main groups , were second-class citizens . Since Hussein was toppled , the tables have turned . Shiites -- the largest religious group in the country -- predominate in government . The Kurdish semiautonomous region in the north , and the Kurds themselves , have more clout . Today , Sunnis feel they 've been politically marginalized . They demand that the Shiite-led government stop what they call negative treatment of Iraq 's Sunni community . Expert : Syria and Iraq connected Ramzy Mardini , an expert on Iraq , said the attacks were probably "  prescheduled for the anniversary . " He also said the latest violence reflects the Sunni-Shiite sectarian tensions raging next door in Syria . He believes such attacks illustrate the revival of the "  capability and confidence " of al Qaeda in Iraq , buoyed by a Syrian uprising "  spearheaded by Sunni militancy . " It stands to reason that the attackers are targeting the government of Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al-Maliki . The Shiite-dominated government is helping neighboring Iran , the largest Shiite nation in the world and a supporter of the Alawite-dominated Syrian government . "  Al Qaeda in Iraq is becoming less exclusive to Iraq . They are trying to channel energy and piggyback off the Syrian revolution by aiming to merge Iraq and Syria into one theater of sectarian war , " said Mardini , adjunct fellow at the Iraq Institute for Strategic Studies in Beirut , Lebanon . "  Given that Maliki is helping Iran prop up the Syrian regime , AQI is advertising their cause and looking to attract the support and resources of militant groups in Syria . " Obama administration marks the milestone U.S. President Barack Obama and Secretary of State Chuck Hagel marked the 10th anniversary of the war 's beginning with statements praising the service members who fought in Iraq . Obama honored the more than 1.5 million service members and civilians who served there and the memory of the nearly 4,500 Americans who died there . "  The last of our troops left Iraq with their heads held high in 2011 , and the United States continues to work with our Iraqi partners to advance our shared interest in security and peace . " Obama said a strong Post-9 / 11 GI Bill would help veterans pursue jobs and education . "  We must ensure that the more than 30,000 Americans wounded in Iraq receive the care and benefits they deserve and that we continue to improve treatment for traumatic brain injury and post-traumatic stress disorder . " Hagel and Obama also praised the sacrifices of service members ' families . CNN 's Mohammed Tawfeeq reported from Baghdad . CNN 's Joe Sterling reported from Atlanta .	Islamic State of Iraq statement says the 61 deaths are ` retaliation ' The statement lambasted Shiites in government The attacks come 10 years after the U.S.-led invasion began Recent attacks in Shiite areas have spread fear among Iraqis
CNN  The National Institutes of Health said Thursday that it plans to admit to its Maryland hospital an American health care worker with Ebola . The person was volunteering at an Ebola treatment center in Sierra Leone , and will be flown back to the United States on a chartered aircraft and admitted Friday , the NIH said . No other details were immediately available . The patient will be the second with Ebola admitted to the NIH hospital . Nina Pham , a nurse at Texas Health Presbyterian Hospital Dallas , was admitted to NIH in October after she contracted the disease while treating Liberian national Thomas Eric Duncan . Pham recovered and was released free of disease . Duncan died . Nurse who contracted Ebola sues hospital company NIH is one of only four hospitals in the United States that have biocontainment units and has been practicing for years to treat a highly infectious disease such as Ebola . More than 10,000 people have died in the Ebola outbreak , according to the latest figures from the World Health Organization , mostly in the countries of Guinea , Liberia and Sierra Leone . Ebola is spread by direct contact with the bodily fluids of an infected person . CNN 's Athena Jones contributed to this report .	American being flown from Africa to Maryland hospital ; to arrive Friday NIH has one of only four U.S. hospital biocontainment units
CNN  -- It 's the festival that launched Foursquare and popularized Twitter . So even if you 've never heard of the SXSW Interactive festival  it 's short for "  South by Southwest , " but if you want to be completely beyond hip , you can call it "  South by "  , your geek-tuned ears should perk up for some big tech news this week as this conference gets under way in Austin , Texas . The Web , apps , social media and tech start-ups have traditionally been the themes of this conference , which kicks off Friday . In addition to being a launchpad for new sites and apps , however , SXSW Interactive is all about big ideas in technology : Where are we going , why , and how will we get there ? Here 's our best stab at the ideas and trends that will pick up steam this year at SXSWi . Of course , all predictions are subject to change . And before we get there , a shameless plug : Check our SXSWi blog for continuous coverage from Austin . Also follow @cnntech , @markmilian , @jdsutter and @griggsbrandon on Twitter for nano-sized updates . ` Second-screen ' apps Smartphones and the internet have rewired our brains to the point that paying attention to one thing at a time seems way too boring . Cue the rise of smartphone and tablet apps designed to provide a "  second-screen " experience while you 're watching television . It 's common knowledge that people tweet their way through the Oscars and use Facebook to discuss their favorite sitcoms in real time . But a host of apps are emerging to take these second-screen experiences to a new level . The "  Backstage Pass " app for the Academy Awards , for example , let iPad users choose which video feeds they wanted to watch . Instead of focusing on the red carpet , for example , viewers could choose to hang with the paparazzi or in the celebrity champagne room . Others are trying to sync their apps to live TV programming , using the microphones on tablets and smartphones . If your gadget listens to the TV while you watch , it can offer up quizzes , trivia and ads that are tied to what 's going on in the show at that very moment . Localized group texting Texting ? Yes , texting -- but with a 2011 twist . If Facebook and Twitter were all about expanding a person 's online social network , think of group texting as an effort to rein things back in . An app called GroupMe -- already a pre-SXSWi darling with tech bloggers -- integrates with Foursquare to let you have private text message chats with all of your friends who are close by . Another , Beluga , which was recently acquired by Facebook , lets users start private text message conversations with small groups of friends . Extreme use case : You 're throwing a last-minute party , but your apartment is n't large enough to host all 2,000 of your Twitter-follower friends . Beyond Facebook Continuing with this trend of Facebook not being the end-all-be-all of social networking , expect non-Facebook social networks and apps to get plenty of buzz at SXSWi . None of these are likely to try to unseat Facebook as the world 's dominant online social network , but some are worthy supplements . Instagram , a photo-sharing app , is one hot example . It lets users apply all kinds of retro-looking , hipster filters to their smartphone photos and then share them instantly on Twitter , Flickr , Tumblr , Facebook and Foursquare . Other social networky apps and sites focus on other features Facebook either lacks or has n't mastered just yet : Quora focuses on answering questions ; Path is designed for groups of 50 friends or fewer ; and Foodspotting is a social network that 's fixated completely on the idea of foodie restaurant pics . Taming the internet The internet is a crazy-overwhelming place . As Farhad Manjoo writes in The New York Times , the personal computer "  has become one of the most distracting machines ever invented . " Expect at least a few Web gurus at SXSWi to push the idea of "  content curation , " meaning they 're out to answer this question : How can we make interesting and relevant information rise to the top of the internet , where users can access it quickly and without stress , rather than forcing them to swim through an ocean of Charlie Sheen tweets just to find what they are looking for ? Google , Bing , Facebook and the like obviously have a hand in this . But some up-and-comers -- a la Instapaper -- may dominate this space at SXSWi . Is technology making us happier ? Traditionally , SXSWi has been a clubhouse for the digital utopian crowd -- the bike-riding , glasses-wearing , cardigan-snuggling folk who think technology is saving the world , or is going to really soon . But , based on a the SXSWi panel list , expect this year 's festival to also give rise to a healthy bit of skepticism about what tech is doing to us . Are smartphones making us scattered ? Is Facebook actually improving friendship ? Does any useful info come across Twitter ? As these technologies go from the stuff of early adopters to mass-market phenomena , look for the tech elite to start asking these kinds of questions and providing some solutions -- probably by using more technology .	The South by Southwest Interactive festival starts Friday The Austin , Texas , event focuses on big ideas in technology Twitter and Foursquare essentially launched at past festivals CNN offers predictions for big tech trends at SXSWi this year
CNN  -- Sen. Barack Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , has died following a bout with cancer , Obama and his sister , Maya Soetoro-Ng , said Monday . She was 86 . At a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina , Monday night , the Illinois senator said "  she has gone home and she died peacefully in her sleep with my sister at her side . " "  I 'm not going to talk about it long because it 's hard to talk about , " he added . Obama remembered her as "  one of those quiet heroes we have across America , who are n't famous ... but each and every day they work hard . They look after their families . They look after their children and their grandchildren . " In a statement released Monday afternoon , Obama and his sister said that Dunham was "  the cornerstone of our family , and a woman of extraordinary accomplishment , strength , and humility . " Watch CNN contributors discuss Obama 's grandmother " "  She was the person who encouraged and allowed us to take chances . She was proud of her grandchildren and great-grandchildren and left this world with the knowledge that her impact on all of us was meaningful and enduring . Our debt to her is beyond measure . " Obama and Soetoro-Ng asked that donations be made for the search for a cure for cancer in lieu of flowers . A small private ceremony will be held "  at a later date . " Dunham passed away peacefully at her home shortly before midnight Sunday night  5 a.m. ET  , campaign spokeswoman Jen Psaki told CNN . She said Obama learned of her death around 8 a.m. Obama 's republican rival , Sen. John McCain , issued a statement Monday afternoon : "  We offer our deepest condolences to Barack Obama and his family as they grieve the loss of their beloved grandmother . Our thoughts and prayers go out to them as they remember and celebrate the life of someone who had such a profound impact in their lives . " The Democratic presidential candidate left the campaign trail on October 23 and flew to Honolulu , Hawaii , to spend the day with Dunham , whose health deteriorated after she suffered a broken hip . His wife , Michelle Obama , filled in for him at events in Columbus and Akron , Ohio , on October 24 . Obama said in an interview taped for that day 's "  Good Morning America " that Dunham had been "  inundated " with flowers and messages from strangers who read about her in Obama 's 1995 book , "  Dreams From My Father . " "  Maybe she is getting a sense of long-deserved recognition toward the end of her life , " he said . Watch Obama tell supporters that his grandmother was "  one of those quiet heroes " " The candidate resumed his campaign on October 25 . Obama has spoken often about his grandmother -- who helped raise him -- as an integral figure in his youth and how she struggled against the glass ceiling in her career . He and his family traveled to Hawaii in August to visit her . "  She 's the one who put off buying a new car or a new dress for herself so that I could have a better life , " he said in his acceptance speech at the Democratic National Convention . "  She poured everything she had into me . And although she can no longer travel , I know that she 's watching tonight , and that tonight is her night as well . " CNN political producer Ed Hornick contributed to this report .	Obama 's grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , passes away Monday in Hawaii NEW : Obama tells a crowd in North Carolina : "  She has gone home " McCain says his "  thoughts and prayers go out " to Obama , family Obama left the campaign trail for two days in late October to visit her
Washington  CNN  -- The threat of publication of thousands of sensitive diplomatic cables by a muckraker website has prompted a massive review of documents at U.S. embassies around the world , a U.S. official says . The official , who was not authorized to comment on the record , tells CNN that the State Department has , for months , been intensively dealing with the potential impact of the release of documents that WikiLeaks just recently hinted it will publish . The documents are believed to include hundreds of thousands , if not millions , of diplomatic reporting cables from around the world from between 2006 and 2009 , the official said . In October , WikiLeaks released nearly 400,000 U.S. military reports about operations in Iraq . In July , it released more than 70,000 reports from the war in Afghanistan . "  Next release is 7 -LSB- times -RSB- the size of the Iraq War Logs , " the WikiLeaks stated in a posting on its Twitter page on November 21 . "  Intense pressure over it for months . Keep us strong . " The State Department has directed every diplomatic mission in the world to analyze cables issued from their locations during that period and to highlight those cables that might contain material sensitive enough to harm the relationship with the host country or put in danger the lives of any sources of information . The State Department website lists 297 embassies , consulates and diplomatic missions . The source says the concern is that the WikiLeaks release could undermine the United States all over the world . Honest diplomatic reporting is essential , the official says , and the leaks could hurt that , as well as compromise traditional diplomatic sources . The leaks could ruin their careers or even result in their deaths . In preparation , the State Department has been reaching out to other governments to warn them and has notified Congress about what could be published , State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley said earlier this week . For example , David Jacobson , the U.S. ambassador to Canada , has called Foreign Minister Lawrence Cannon to inform him of the matter , said Alain Cacchione , a Canadian Department of Foreign Affairs spokesman . The Canadian Embassy in Washington is working with the U.S. State Department , he said . The Pentagon also is concerned about the newest release . Officials there expect the documents to be released soon , possibly by the end of the week . The agency is increasing the size of a task force assigned to comb through the records of the already-leaked documents regarding the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq . If the new documents are published as threatened , the Pentagon team will help assess how damaging they are to U.S. interests . The task force numbers more than 100 people , including staffers from other agencies . The military has charged Pfc. Bradley Manning with leaking videos to WikiLeaks , as well as downloading documents from military computers while he served as an intelligence analyst in Iraq . Among the documents he is alleged to have taken are 150,000 diplomatic cables . WikiLeaks has denied being in possession of those cables . Manning is being held at a military jail in Quantico , Virginia .	Source : Every diplomatic mission document issued from 2006-2009 is under review Officials fear the information could harm U.S. relationships around the world , source says The lives of sources of information could be put in danger , the source says
United Nations  CNN  -- The U.N. Security Council Monday called for a truce between Thailand and Cambodia and urged the two Asian nations to begin a dialogue to end their dispute over an ancient Hindu temple on the border . The council issued its statement following a closed-door session on the conflict that included representatives from both sides and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations  ASEAN  . "  The members of the Security Council called on the two sides to display maximum restraint and avoid any action that may aggravate the situation , " said the statement , read by Ambassador Maria Luiza Ribeiro Viotti of Brazil , which holds the monthly presidency of the 15-member body for February . "  The members of the Security Council further urged the parties to establish a permanent ceasefire and to implement it fully and resolve the situation peacefully and through effective dialogue , " she said . Border skirmishes , which started earlier this month , have killed five people , including members of the military and civilians , a statement from ASEAN said , adding that each nation accuses the other of firing first . The clashes stem from a longstanding conflict related to the 11th-century Preah Vihear temple . The building sits on a cliff in Cambodian territory , but the most accessible entrance to the site is on the Thai side . In a letter to the United Nations last week , Cambodian Prime Minister Hun Sen said that in addition to the human toll the fighting was taking , the temple had suffered damage . Conflict over the Preah Vihear site has taken place periodically for years . In 1962 , the International Court of Justice in The Hague , Netherlands , ruled that the site was in Cambodia , adding that the structure was "  an outstanding masterpiece of Khmer architecture . " But Thailand says the 1.8-square-mile  4.7-square-kilometer  area around Preah Vihear was never fully demarcated , and blames a map drawn at the beginning of the 20th century during the French occupation of Cambodia . In July 2008 , the United Nations approved Cambodia 's application to have the temple listed as a World Heritage Site , meaning the U.N. believes the place has outstanding universal value . Monday 's meeting followed a request by Cambodia for an emergency session of the Security Council . The council heard from Under-Secretary-General for Political Affairs B. Lynn Pascoe and Marty Natalegawa , the minister of foreign affairs of Indonesia and chairman of ASEAN . Hor Namhong , Cambodia 's deputy prime minister and minister of foreign affairs and international cooperation , and Thailand 's foreign affairs minister , Kasit Piromya , also addressed the council . The council also expressed its support of ASEAN 's efforts to bring the two sides together to find a solution . ASEAN foreign ministers are expected to discuss the conflict at their next meeting on February 22 . CNN 's Whitney Hurst contributed to this report	Council holds closed session on fighting with both sides , ASEAN The two countries are fighting over an 11th-century Hindu temple The temple sits on a cliff in Cambodia , but the most accessible entrance is from Thailand Thailand believes the temple is in its territory
Washington  CNN  -- The Senate has taken up the Employment Nondiscrimination Act , a measure that would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees in the workplace . While the measure has many obstacles to overcome before it would become law , the Senate 's action to take up debate is historic , coming after decades of failure . Here 's a look at how it got here : 1974 : The notion of protecting gay and lesbian workers in the workplace first surfaced in 1974 , fueled by the Stonewall Rebellion five years earlier . The resistance by LGBT patrons at the Stonewall Inn by New York City police in 1969 shed a light on widespread discrimination and harassment . New York Reps. Bella Abzug and Ed Koch introduced broad anti-discrimination legislation in the House of Representatives that covered discriminatory practices in housing , the workplace and public institutions . It went nowhere . 1994 : Twenty years later , in 1994 , the fight for workplace protections began in earnest . The first version of the Employment Nondiscrimination Act was introduced in the House and the Senate . While it made discrimination in the workplace based on sexual orientation illegal , it did not include protections for transgender workers . 1996 : Just two years later , the Senate took up the legislation . It failed , barely . The vote was 49-50 . Vice President Al Gore waited in the wings to cast a tie-breaking vote . But Arkansas Sen. David Pryor , the father of the current Sen. Mark Pryor , was unable to attend the vote . 2007 : The next time ENDA would receive a vote was in 11 years later . This time , the House took it up and passed it . This version , just like the Senate bill in 1996 , did not offer protections for transgender workers ; it just covered sexual orientation . The measure was placed on the Senate calendar but never made it to a vote . 2008 : Barack Obama was elected to the presidency after campaigning for workplace protections for the LGBT community . Advocates had high hopes . 2009 : Sen. Ted Kennedy , D-Massachusetts , passed the torch to newly elected Sen. Jeff Merkley , D-Oregon . It was an issue Kennedy had been working on , but , with his health failing , he asked Merkley to take up the initiative . Kennedy chose Merkley because he was speaker of the Oregon State House when the state version of ENDA passed . October 2009 : Congress passed the first federal legislation to offer protections to transgender people . The Matthew Shepard and James Byrd Jr. . Hate Crimes Prevention Act updated the federal hate crimes law to include crimes against "  actual or perceived " gay and transgender people . December 2010 : Just over a month after the midterm elections , Congress passed and President Obama signed into law a repeal of "  Do n't Ask , Do n't Tell , " a President Bill Clinton-era initiative that prohibited openly lesbian and gay people from serving in the military . 2011 : Merkley continued to work on ENDA . He approached newly elected Sen. Ron Kirk , R-Illinois , to work on a bipartisan bill . Kirk supported the ENDA legislation as a congressman in 2007 . 2011 : The Obama administration announced it would stop defending the Defense of Marriage Act . DOMA made it illegal for states to recognize same-sex marriages . Opponents of the President 's decision challenged the administration , leading to the Supreme Court case United States v. Windsor . April 2012 : With just more than six months until Election Day , Obama told LGBT advocates that he would not sign an executive order that would prohibit federal contracts from discriminating against gay and transgender workers . It was a major disappointment to the activists . Essentially it was ENDA for federal contractors . At the time , Tico Almeida , president of the group Freedom to Work , said this executive order was an easy initiative . It was "  the low-hanging fruit , " he said . May 2012 : Just a month later , Obama came out in support of same-sex marriage . While he is the first president to do so , he did indicate that he would not push for federal legislation and said it 's a matter best left to the states . February 2013 : Congress passed an updated version of the Violence Against Women Act that included protections for gay and transgender people . June 2013 : The Supreme Court struck down DOMA , calling it unconstitutional . July 2013 : The Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions committee voted ENDA out of committee , with the support of three Republicans . Sens. Kirk , Lisa Murkowski of Alaska and Orrin Hatch of Utah all voted for it , improving the legislation 's chances . October 2013 : All 53 Democrats and both Democratic-leaning independents confirmed their support for the legislation . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid announced that he would bring the measure up for a vote . November 4 , 2013 : House Speaker John Boehner has announced his opposition . "  The speaker believes this legislation will increase frivolous litigation and cost American jobs , especially small-business jobs , " spokesman Michael Steel said . November 4 , 2013 : The Senate passed a key procedural vote that enables the upper chamber to take up the legislation . It 's the first time the Senate has taken it up since 1996 and the first time it has included protections for transgender people . CNN 's Deirdre Walsh and Ted Barrett contributed to this story	Act would protect gay , lesbian and transgender employees in the workplace 1974 : First time legislation banning this type of discrimination is introduced 1996 : Senate takes up Employment Nondiscrimination Act ; it loses in very close vote 2012 : President Barack Obama comes out in favor of same-sex marriage
CNN 's Larry King knew George Carlin for 50 years . He spoke to CNN.com about his relationship with the comedian and will remember Carlin on tonight 's Larry King Live , 9 ET . Larry King interviews George Carlin on June 7 , 2001 . King knew Carlin for 50 years . CNN : When did you first meet George Carlin ? Larry King : In 1958 , I introduced him at a big DJ convention in Miami . He was a straight comic then , all his bits dealt with radio , things like the hippy-dippy weatherman . From there , we became friendly , and we occasionally went to dinner in New York . CNN : When did you last see him ? Larry King : A couple of months ago , I saw him at the Regency Hotel in New York . I was checking in , he was checking out . We talked a little bit . He had remarried -- his first wife had died -- and he was very happy . My heart doctor in Los Angeles had treated George in the past , and had told me that he had terrible heart problems . CNN : Where does he rank as a comedian ? Larry King : He was one of the brightest comedians in my lifetime . Whether you agreed or disagreed with him , it was always well thought out . He wrote out all his material by hand , and then memorized it . Everything he said was totally his own , and he 'd do a new act every year , which is very hard to do . Watch George Carlin on Larry King Live " CNN : What was he like off stage ? Larry King : He was a kind , gentle man . He seemed rough on stage , but he really was not like that at all . Also , his greatest comic influence was Lenny Bruce . Carlin used to do mother-in-law jokes , disc-jockey jokes . But Bruce influenced him to do edgier , more topical material . He also influenced how Carlin moved around on stage . CNN : What was the impact of the "  seven dirty words ? " Larry King : It 's one of the classic comedy bits of all time . It was great conception and a great idea . It pointed up the hypocrisy of society . People take words too seriously . Violence is a lot worse than words . All those words , while not used on air , are used in society . George once said , if a word shocks you , you must have heard it somewhere else . CNN : Where does he rank as a comedian ? Larry King : He ranks very high as a social monologist , and he commented on social things . He was also a pretty good actor . CNN : How did other comedians view him ? Larry King : I never heard a bad word about him in the comedy world . Some religious people did n't like him . He will really be missed . If you want to use the word "  one of a kind , " he was one of a kind .	Larry King first met George Carlin at a DJ convention in 1958 King says Carlin was a kind , gentle man off stage Carlin 's biggest comedic influence was Lenny Bruce , King says
CNN  -- Thirty years ago , on the basis of "  Alien " and "  Blade Runner , " Ridley Scott looked as if he might become the most important sci-fi director of his time . No matter that Harrison Ford played Rick Deckard in "  Blade Runner , " the way Scott made that picture it was as if "  Star Wars " never happened . Of course "  Blade Runner " flopped on its initial theatrical release , and ever since Scott has restricted his time-travelling to the other direction : period epics like "  Gladiator , " "  Kingdom of Heaven " and "  Robin Hood . " Until now that is , when the 74-year-old has decided to go back to the future , with a movie that 's a prequel , sort of , to his first big hit "  Alien . " Ironically "  Prometheus " starts in the far-distant past , and though the opening shots look like another world it turns out we 're seeing a primordial Isle of Skye , a remote outcrop off the coast of Scotland . Flash forward several millennia , 77 years from today . Cave paintings discovered at this location convince an aging businessman to bankroll a wildly ambitious interstellar mission . It 's said that "  Star Trek " creator Gene Roddenberry only ever had one story idea , the one where Kirk and crew met their maker . It 's giving nothing away to say that Roddenberry would have liked "  Prometheus . " So too Erich von Daniken , whose "  Chariots of the Gods " is an obvious influence . As in "  Alien , " a small crew wakes up from cryogenic sleep . The ship has been tended by a humanoid robot , David  Michael Fassbender  , who 's been boning up on ancient languages and rewatching "  Lawrence of Arabia " during transit . If he models his forelock on Peter O'Toole , it seems like a good bet he 's modulated his soft , impassive vocal pattern on HAL , the ship computer in "  2001 . " You may not believe it , but next to nothing happens in the movie 's first hour and more . And this is probably the most effective and impressive part of the ride . The slow , atmospheric ascent to the top of the roller coaster as scientist Elizabeth Shaw  Noomi Rapace  and colleagues  they include Sean Harris , Kate Dickie , Idris Elba and Charlize Theron  explore the mysterious planet LV-223 . Not many filmmakers have the nerve to make us wait these days , but Scott knows his audience is primed for exploding chests and toothy extraterrestrials , and he enjoys playing on our trepidation while showing off the stunning production design . Even so , before long the movie feels rushed . When things start to slide for Shaw and her partner  Logan Marshall-Green  it 's like watching a drag racer spinning its wheels , kicking up dust to hit the checkered flag at 90 miles per hour . Screenwriters Jon Spaihts and Damon Lindelof have devised some ingeniously nasty set pieces , but after that deliberate build-up it 's disappointing that it still feels like corners are being cut . There is nothing to match the shocking biological horror that erupted in "  Alien , " but you could n't accuse them of giving up without a fight . Scott has assembled an engagingly rough and ready , workmanlike cast , but does n't give them anything interesting to say for themselves . Theron 's brittle executive officer is just too close to caricature , and she 's not the only one either . Although she 's likeable enough I ca n't see Noomi Rapace 's Shaw proving as durable as Sigourney Weaver 's Ripley either . The movie 's stand out is clearly Fassbender . So it 's too bad David 's actions do n't make a lot of sense , at least not to this perplexed viewer , who could n't be sure if the robot was following orders or following his own agenda . The more you think about this movie , the less it stands up . Scott 's philosophical grandstanding is just that ; there 's less here than meets the eye . Mind you , it is spectacular . Dariusz Wolski 's visuals are lustrous to behold , the CGI is amazing , and Scott proves adept at handling 3D . This is one sci-fi movie with a palpable sense of space . And I 'll say this : even if the movie 's logic ultimately spirals down into a vortex of hysteria , horror and hokum , I enjoyed the bulldozer intensity of the climax , which barely keeps a lid on the crackpot cult movie that 's wrestling for the soul of this multimillion dollar blockbuster . It may not be quite the "  Alien " resurrection we were all hoping for -- Wait ! They already used that one ! -- but it 's at least as good as the second and third sequels .	In "  Prometheus " Elizabeth Shaw and colleagues explore the mysterious planet LV-223 Ridley Scott knows his audience is primed for exploding chests and toothy extraterrestrials There is nothing to match the shocking biological horror that erupted in "  Alien "
CNN  -- Scientists have discovered the first confirmed Earthlike planet outside our solar system , they announced Wednesday . An artist 's impression shows what the planet may look like in close orbit with its sun . "  This is the first confirmed rocky planet in another system , " astronomer Artie Hatzes told CNN , contrasting the solid planet with gaseous ones like Jupiter and Saturn . But "  Earthlike " is a relative term . The planet 's composition may be similar to that of Earth , but its environment is more like a vision of hell , the project 's lead astronomer said . It is so close to the star it orbits "  that the place may well look like Dante 's Inferno , with a probable temperature on its ` day face ' above 3,600 degrees Fahrenheit  2,000 degrees Celsius  and minus-328 degrees Fahrenheit  minus 200 degrees Celsius  on its night face , " said Didier Queloz of Geneva Observatory in Switzerland , the project leader . Hatzes , explaining that one side of the body is always facing the star and the other side always faces away , said the side "  facing the sun is probably molten . The other side could actually have ice " if there is water on the planet . "  We think it has no atmosphere to redistribute the heat , " Hatzes told CNN from Barcelona , Spain , where he is attending the "  Pathways Towards Habitable Planets " conference . The astronomers were stunned to find a rocky planet so near a star , he said . "  We would have never dreamed you would find a rocky planet so close , " he said . "  Its year is less than one of our days . " The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year , but it took months of observation to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's , the European Southern Observatory said in a statement . Astronomers were able to measure the dimensions of the planet by watching as it passed in front of the star it orbits , then carried out 70 hours of study of the planet 's effect on its star to infer its weight . With that information in hand , they were able to calculate its density -- and were thrilled with what they found , Hatzes said . "  What makes this exciting is you compare the density of this planet to the planets in our solar system , it 's only Mercury , Venus and Earth that are similar , " Hatzes , of the Thuringer observatory in Germany , told CNN . They were helped by the fact that CoRoT-7b is relatively close to Earth -- about 500 light years away , in the constellation of Monoceros , the Unicorn . "  It 's in our solar neighborhood , " Hatzes said . "  The thing that made it easier is it 's relatively close , so it 's relatively bright . If this star was much much farther away , we would n't have been able to do these measurements . " At about five times Earth 's mass  though not quite twice as large in circumference  , it is the smallest planet ever spotted outside our solar system . It also has the fastest orbit . The planet whizzes around its star more than seven times faster than Earth moves , and is 23 times closer to the star than Mercury is to our sun . The planet was first detected early in 2008 by the CoRoT satellite , a 30-centimeter space telescope launched by the European Space Agency in December 2006 , specifically with the mission of detecting rocky planets outside the solar system . At least 42 scientists at 17 institutions on three continents worked on the project . They are publishing their findings in a special issue of the Astronomy and Astrophysics journal on October 22 as "  The CoRoT-7 Planetary System : Two Orbiting Super-Earths . "	The planet , known as CoRoT-7b , was detected early last year It took months to determine that it had a composition roughly similar to Earth 's The planet is about five times more massive than Earth Astronomer : It is so close to the star it orbits that it may "  look like Dante 's Inferno "
How would you like to do a search without touching a computer or phone ? Or have your next question answered before you even ask it ? Or get a reminder to pick up a carton of milk when you drive by a grocery store ? These are some of the new upgrades to Google 's search tools that the company announced Wednesday at Google I/O , its annual developers ' conference . About two-thirds of Web searches in the United States are done through Google , with Bing and Yahoo trailing far behind . We spoke to Google Senior Vice President Amit Singhal last week about the new search changes and his excitement for a certain fictional starship computer . Google Chrome gets voice commands Google is adding voice-activated search to its Chrome browser , allowing people in audible distance of a computer 's microphone to start a search by saying , "  OK Google , " out loud followed by their terms . Google 's search team is obsessed with the "  Star Trek " computer , the fictional , omnipresent and invisible voice-activated system that answered questions and obeyed orders when Enterprise crew members began a sentence with the word "  computer . " Singhal called it the "  ideal system . " Swap out "  Computer " for "  OK " and you get a clear picture of where the company is steering its search engine . To activate Google Glass , wearers say , "  OK Glass , " followed by a request such as "  record a video " or "  Google the life span of lemurs . " Now that voice-activated , natural-language interface is spreading across all devices . "  I ca n't wait to put my kitchen computer in this mode and settle all of our questions over dinner without having to pull our screens out , " Singhal said . The new feature will roll out to Chrome users across platforms over the next few weeks . Search results add more context Google processes more than 1 billion searches every day , 85 % of which have been Googled before . All that experience means the search engine knows more than just the answer ; it knows what searches commonly happen next . Now the search engine is integrating that predictive content into the answer , potentially saving people a step . "  We would pretty much anticipate the next question you are going to ask , " Singhal said . Looking up the population of Canada ? According to past searches , the most common follow-up search is for the population of California  if you 're wondering , California has slightly more people than Canada  . A population search could also show charts comparing similar locations and related statistics such as life expectancy and gross domestic product . The new feature also taps into Google 's Knowledge Graph to make the necessary connections . The Knowledge Graph is Google 's growing database of things -- you may have noticed its items showing up on the right-hand side of a common list of search results . Where searches used to be largely based on the presence of keywords , the graph makes more concrete connections and detects relationships . For example , it knows "  Warren Harding " is n't just two words . Google has associated the name with the 29th president and added it to a collection of U.S. presidents . Google Now adds reminders Google Now is Google 's predictive search tool found in the Android and iOS Google search apps . The tool pulls information from your calendar , Gmail account , search history and phone 's location to serve up relevant information before you can search for it . These bites of data , called cards , might show the traffic for the morning commute to work , Zagat reviews for a restaurant where you have reservations , and sports scores for the teams you look up the most . This week Google is adding reminders to the mix . Using your phone 's location , the reminders will pop up when you need them . A reminder to pick up frozen peas could appear when you are near the local grocery store , while a reminder to put gym clothes in the car could show up on your phone before you leave the house in the morning . These types of reminders are common in mobile apps . Apple , for example , has its own location-based reminders tool on the iPhone and iPad . The new reminders feature will be available for Android first before eventually coming to iOS . Google also is rolling out a few more Google Now cards , including ones that provide updates on music and movies . Taken alone , these new features might seem minor . But together they add up to a new era of intuitive and predictive Google search across devices , platforms and locations .	Google announces new features for its search engine at its Google I/O conference Chrome will be able to begin voice-activated searches when people say , "  OK Google " Search results will add contextual information based on common follow-up searches Predictive search tool Google Now is adding reminders
Despite calls for a new cease-fire , fighting intensified in Gaza on Monday and Tuesday morning , with Palestinians saying more than two dozen people died as rockets or mortars struck a refugee camp , a hospital and the center of Gaza City . Eighteen people died as powerful and continuous air strikes rained down on Gaza City early Tuesday morning , the Palestinian Health Authority reported . And the Israeli military reported that 10 of its soldiers were killed Monday . Al Aqsa TV reported that Israeli strikes hit the Ministry of Finance in western Gaza and the house of Ismail Haniyeh , a senior political leader of Hamas . A radio station run by Hamas was bombed . Ten people , including eight children , were killed Monday when shells hit a refugee camp near the beach in Gaza where parents went to celebrate Eid al-Fitr , a Muslim holiday that marks the end of the holy month of Ramadan , the Gaza Health Ministry said . The children were playing in the street near their homes when an explosion shook the ground . Holes as large as fists pockmarked a nearby building , and 10 people -- eight of them children -- were killed , according to Gaza 's Health Ministry . In the chaos , they were rushed to nearby Shifa Hospital . A TV news outlet run by Hamas showed live footage of the hospital . The channel blamed the carnage on an Israeli drone . Shifa Hospital had been hit , too . Two people there were injured , the ministry said . As before , Israel and Hamas accused each other of sending the bombs that killed people in Gaza . A short time later , Israel sent a text message to the media blaming Gaza "  terrorists " for the attacks . "  In the blink of an eye , " a father said , "  I found body parts and heads cut off , no arms , no legs . I started to collect limbs , heads I could n't recognize , I could n't recognize my own children . " Though world leaders pleaded for a humanitarian cease-fire , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu sent a message on Israeli television Monday . "  We need to be prepared for a protracted campaign in Gaza , " he said . Calling life under the threat of death "  inconceivable " for Israel , Netanyahu said the military will not end its incursion into Gaza until it has destroyed tunnels Hamas is using to attack civilians outside Gaza . Defense Minister Moshe Yaalon said Israel will not negotiate while Hamas is still attacking . "  We will not hesitate to expand our operation , " he said . Deaths in Israel , too Ten Israeli soldiers were killed Monday , according to the Israel Defense Forces . Five were killed fighting militants who tried to attack Israeli civilians using a tunnel shaft leading to the Nahal Oz community , the IDF said . Israeli soldiers stopped the attempted attack , killing one of the attackers , the military said . One Israeli soldier died in combat in southern Gaza . And another four were killed and eight were injured by mortar fire near Beeri , close to the Israeli-Gaza border , the IDF said . Ashraf al-Qudra , spokesman for Gaza health ministry , said 1,101 people have been killed and more than 6,500 wounded in Gaza since the current conflict began . A total of 53 Israeli soldiers have died . The tunnels A central goal of Israel 's military is to destroy tunnels that Hamas uses to smuggle weapons and launch attacks . CNN 's "  New Day " asked chief Palestinian negotiator Saeb Erakat what the purpose of the tunnels were . "  I know the situation is so much complex -- I 'm not saying I know the picture as a whole , " he responded . But , he said , Gaza is now like a burning building . "  We need to get the people out , and then we need to extinguish the fire , and then we sit down and talk . " Erakat called for Israel to pull troops out of Gaza . Israel is n't acting in self-defense , he said . "  They 're the occupying power . They should be responsible for the human lives there . " Erakat said U.N. figures show "  90 % of those killed are women and children . " It was unclear what he was basing those figures on . The United Nations estimates that more than 70 % of the Palestinians killed were civilians , including 226 youths and 117 women . More than 150 were members of armed groups , the United Nations says . UNICEF said Monday that about two-thirds of the children killed were 12 or younger . Israel blames Hamas for civilian deaths , saying militants encourage people to stay in their homes despite Israeli warnings that strikes are coming . Militants also use civilian facilities such as homes , schools , mosques and hospitals to launch attacks on Israeli civilians and store weapons . Calls , hopes for peace The Gaza crisis was discussed Monday in a joint call involving U.S. President Barack Obama . British Prime Minister David Cameron , German Chancellor Angela Merkel , French President Francois Hollande and Italian Prime Minister Matteo Renzi . A statement from Cameron 's office said the leaders agreed on "  the urgent need for a lasting ceasefire in Gaza and Israel , backing the efforts of the Egyptian government to achieve this . " U.S. Secretary of State John Kerry returned to Washington after a trip to the Middle East and Paris , where he held discussions in an attempt to calm the violence . His efforts were criticized by Israeli media and Palestinian leaders . A spokesman for U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said Monday night that he was concerned the IDF had dropped leaflets in the northern Gaza Strip , warning thousands of residents to leave their homes and evacuate to Gaza City . If true , this would have a "  devastating humanitarian impact " on Gaza residents , he said . At a midnight meeting , the U.N. Security Council proclaimed its support for "  a comprehensive peace based on the vision of a region where two democratic states , Israel and Palestine , live side by side in peace with secure and recognized borders as envisioned in Security Council resolution 1850  2008  . " That fell short of Palestinian Ambassador Riyad Mansour 's desires . He wanted the body to pass a resolution calling for the withdrawal of Israeli forces from Gaza . "  The equation is simple , " Israeli Ambassador Ron Prosor said . "  When it is quiet in Israel , it will be quiet in Gaza . " Obama had another phone conversation with Netanyahu on Sunday , reiterating concern about the rising Palestinian civilian deaths , Israeli deaths and the "  worsening humanitarian situation in Gaza . " Israel : We 're not responsible for last week 's school deaths The Israeli military said it was not responsible for anyone killed last week when an "  errant Israeli mortar " hit the courtyard of a U.N. school that was shelter to many Gaza residents . U.N. and Palestinian officials said 16 people were killed and hundreds were wounded Thursday when the school in northern Gaza was struck . Israel Defense Forces spokesman Lt. Col. Peter Lerner said militants had fired anti-tank missiles from the immediate area of the school , and the IDF fired several mortar shells back in that direction . "  A single errant Israeli mortar landed in the courtyard in the school , " Lerner said . "  The footage we have shows the courtyard was empty . " "  We reject the claim that people were killed by the IDF mortar on the school premises , " he added . But Lerner said there could have been people who were wounded by shrapnel . Israeli government spokesman , Mark Regev said , "  The question is who is responsible , and for that we have to look at seriously and judiciously and make sure we get to the truth . " A CNN team that visited the shelter several hours after the mortar attack saw evidence that people were badly wounded at the courtyard . The team saw blood and strewn possessions concentrated close to the edge of the courtyard along the wall of the building , the area that would have been shady around 3 p.m. when the school was hit . The IDF released a high-altitude aerial video of the round hitting the school , but it did not have high resolution and it is impossible to tell if anybody was sitting on the courtyard edge . Map : Tension felt around the world	Five Israeli soldiers killed in militant tunnel attack , IDF says The death toll in Gaza rises above 1,100 , Palestinian health official says Netanyahu tells nation to prepare for "  protracted campaign " in Gaza At least eight children killed at Gaza refugee camp , Gaza 's Health Ministry says
CNN Student News  -- March 1 , 2013 Download PDF maps related to today 's show : Vatican City Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published .	The daily transcript is a written version of each day 's CNN Student News program Use this transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary Use the weekly Newsquiz to test your knowledge of stories you saw on CNN Student News
CNN  -- It 's a big dilemma : Be with your wife for the birth of your first child , or stay at work with the hope of an $ 11 million payday . For golfer Billy Horschel , it 's a no-brainer . "  There was n't much discussion . I brought up the question , she said : ` You 're staying . ' " Horschel is one of five players who can claim the $ 10 million jackpot for topping the PGA Tour 's FedEx Cup playoff series by winning the $ 1.44 million Tour Championship finale in Atlanta . The 27-year-old made the best possible start Thursday as he tied for the first-round lead with longtime friend Chris Kirk , who heads the FedEx standings from second-placed Horschel . Horschel won last week 's BMW Championship and was joint runner-up in the second of the four playoff events , so his hopes are high that he can secure his family 's financial future this weekend . "  My wife is totally on board , " he told the PGA Tour website after his four-under-par 66 . "  She 's a golfer . She understands what it all means . I 've probably got the greatest wife out here . " Their daughter , to be named Skylar Lillian , is due on September 27 but could arrive earlier . Horschel said if his wife Brittany does go into labor in the next few days , he does n't want to be told until he completes his round . Then , with a private jet standing by , he will make the one-hour flight back to Florida . Because of the tournament 's restricted 29-man field -- there would usually be around 150 players for the first two rounds of a regular PGA Tour event before the halfway cut -- he will have time to get back to resume playing the next day . "  I wo n't find out on the course , because my focus may be taken away from the task at hand , " Horschel said . "  But after the round 's over with , I will be flying home , spend a few hours and then flying back later that day or the next morning before the round of golf . "  Having a chance to win $ 10 million and our first child on the way -- it 's pretty amazing . " Last year , Hunter Mahan -- who carded 74 Thursday to be well off the pace -- withdrew from the Canadian Open while he was leading to be at the birth of his first child . "  Hunter did a great thing last year pulling out , " Horschel said . "  But I would think if he was in my position with winning , having a chance to win , roughly $ 10 million more , if you had the Tour Championship winner 's check and everything , I think it would be maybe a no-brainer to stay put and keep playing and go home in between rounds . " Impending fatherhood is only adding to the excitement for Horschel , who partnered the comparatively calm Kirk in the final group to go out Thursday . They have known each other since playing at rival schools and progressing through the amateur ranks . "  He looks like he 's a Fred Couples walking slow and nothing affects him , " Horschel says of the 29-year-old Georgia native . "  And I think I walk slow , but as I 've seen on the coverage last week , it looks like I 'm sprinting around the greens and the golf course ... The emotional level is a little bit different . " They were one shot clear of another four players tied for third : Masters champion Bubba Watson , fellow Americans Jim Furyk and Patrick Reed , plus Australian Jason Day . World No. 1 Rory McIlroy -- who like Kirk , Horschel , Watson and Mahan can secure the bumper jackpot with victory Sunday no matter where any other player finishes -- was tied for 11th on 69 with Adam Scott , Sergio Garcia and Ryan Palmer . If none of the top five win , then the permutations get complicated , but it 's possible for any player in the entire field to claim the $ 10 million with victory .	Billy Horschel shares lead with Chris Kirk after round one of Tour Championship Horschel 's wife is due to give birth to their first child this month Golfer is in contention to win the $ 10 million FedEx Cup prize He says he will keep playing if his wife goes into labor during tournament
CNN  -- After stints as a guard in the jails of Washington , D.C. , and on the streets of post-Katrina New Orleans , Stephen Tyrone Johns had settled in to a job he liked at the U.S. Holocaust Memorial Museum , family members said . Security officer Stephen Johns reportedly opened the door for the man police say was his killer . "  It seemed to be kind of laid-back -- it did n't seem to be that dangerous , " Leroy Carter , the stepfather who helped raise Johns since he was 3 , told CNN affiliate WUSA-TV in Washington . "  He had wanted to be on the Metro Police force or places like that , but I would have rather him been where he was . "  But it just backfired . " Johns , 39 , was shot and killed while on duty Wednesday -- allegedly gunned down by an 88-year-old white supremacist who stepped into the museum with a rifle and began firing . Johns is remembered by friends and family as a "  gentle giant " -- he stood 6 feet 6 inches , according to Carter . And he lived up to the moniker to the very end . One of his last acts was reaching out and opening the door for the man who shot him , police said . Watch museum officials pay tribute " James von Brunn , an outspoken Holocaust denier who had served six years in prison for a 1981 kidnapping attempt , was shot and wounded by Johns ' fellow officers . He remained in critical condition Thursday at George Washington University Hospital . Johns , a six-year veteran of the museum 's security staff , was a resident and native of Temple Hills , Maryland . In the hours following the shooting , friends and co-workers repeatedly remembered "  Big John " for his quiet , friendly nature . "  To look at him initially he was very intimidating , " said Alan Burkee , a friend and former co-worker at the museum . "  But he was very shy . ... He had a great demeanor -- very pleasant , very courteous to all the visitors that came in and the staff that worked there . " Friends said Johns was an avid Washington Redskins fan and loved to travel , but lived just 10 minutes away from where his mother and stepfather raised him . He had an 11-year-old son , Stephen Jr. , and recently had remarried , according to friends . "  He was a pretty great guy , " Stephen Johns Jr. , known as "  Little Stephen " to family , told WUSA . "  He was always there for me when I was down or sad . " Carter had picked up Stephen after school to tell him the news of the shooting , and the two were on the way to the hospital when Johns died . Steve Maritas is organizing director with the International Union of Security , Police and Fire Professionals of America -- of which Johns was a member . He said the way Johns and his fellow officers responded Wednesday saved lives -- and it flies in the face of the stereotype of the run-of-the-mill security guard . "  If that was the case , there would have been 50 people shot yesterday , " said Maritas , whose organization represents more than 30,000 officers nationally and about 5,000 in the Washington area . "  These guys are very highly trained , highly paid officers . It 's not like they 're just there wearing a uniform . " Johns had worked for Wackenhut Security Inc. since 2003 . Maritas said Johns and his colleagues trained for days like Wednesday -- when years of safety and quiet give way to a sudden burst of terror . "  Hopefully , you 'll never have to use your gun , " he said . "  But you get a situation where you get a crazy guy like this -- it happens within two or three seconds . " For Carter , there will always a clear reminder of the stepson he raised as his own . Little Stephen , he said , looks and acts just like his father did at that age . Carter said he takes comfort knowing that the roughly 2,000 people visiting the Holocaust museum at the time of the attack were able to walk away unharmed . "  That guy would n't have stopped until he was stopped , " Carter said .	Stephen Johns was prison guard , worked in New Orleans before museum "  Gentle giant " opened door for the man accused of killing him , police say Security guard , 39 , loved Washington Redskins , traveling Eleven-year-old son says dad was "  a pretty great guy "
CNN  -- Having worked on seminal teen shows "  Dawson 's Creek " and "  One Tree Hill , " costume designer Leigh Leverett is no stranger to dressing high-school-age characters . But there 's something about the teens from Mystic Falls that makes outfitting "  The Vampire Diaries " -- which enters its fourth season with an October 11 premiere -- a unique experience . For one , Leverett has to make sure everyone on the show about witches , vampires , werewolves -- oh , and "  hybrid " vampire-werewolves -- looks fabulous covered in blood , as characters are routinely stabbed , bitten and shot . Leverett is regularly tasked with finding six to eight of the same top or jacket to be worn during multiple scenes and takes . With all the gore , borrowing clothes from designers is often out of the question . "  We do a lot of mall shopping because that 's the best way for us to get a lot of multiples , " she said . "  Sometimes we need more than we can get in Atlanta , " where the show is filmed . Fall TV fashion : Outfitting ` Revenge ' But when episodes call for flashbacks , which might take place in the 15th century , a trip to the mall simply wo n't do . "  Even though they are more challenging than the contemporary clothes , I enjoy doing the flashbacks most of all , " Leverett said , noting the period pieces that are n't made in-house are often rented from costume companies . Period pieces also come into play when Mystic Falls High School throws its annual Decade Dances . The trick to costuming such events , Leverett said , is dressing the human high school students like "  a teenager would interpret the period -- or at least what a teenager would pick out when they go to the fantastic Mystic Falls Costume shop . " The centuries-old vampire characters , on the other hand , are meant to look "  like they would have gotten things straight out of their vintage clothing storage closet , " Leverett said . Fall TV fashion : Outfitting ` Pretty Little Liars ' That 's not the only way viewers can differentiate between the living and the undead . Leverett has created a dress code of sorts for each of the supernatural groups . While the regular humans on the show dress more or less like typical high school kids , the vampires have their own set of fashion rules . "  We try and keep them timeless and not super trendy , " said Leverett , who started working on the series at the end of its second season . "  They have their comfort and what they like to wear within the realm of the decade . " Besides , with many of the vampire characters , trying to blend in as mortal teenagers , Leverett added , "  we ca n't get too crazy in the clothing department . " With one notable exception : For characters Elena Gilbert and Katherine Pierce , both played by actress Nina Dobrev , fashion is especially important as it helps viewers tell the lookalikes apart . Fall TV fashion : Outfitting ` Scandal ' When Dobrev is playing human teen Elena , she dons a lot of simple long-sleeve shirts and jeans ; whereas Katherine , Elena 's vampire doppelganger , is a bit more fashion-forward . "  Katherine has been around for hundreds of years , " Leverett said . "  She follows fashion trends a little more .  Her clothes are  edgier and sexier than what we put on Elena . " And because the vampires that live within the CW series have the power to control people simply by staring at them , they get to don more expensive threads . "  Maybe they can compel the salespeople into giving them what they want , " Leverett said . "  I like to think that Katherine saw  the  tan Michael Kors heels  she wore during season 3  on some unsuspecting Chicago socialite , and probably just compelled her to hand them over . " Fall TV fashion : Outfitting ` Gossip Girl ' Then there are the witches , like Bonnie Bennett  Kat Graham  , which Leverett said dress "  a little bit earthier " with a "  bohemian flair . " For the men , whether normal or paranormal , they 've got to look tough . "  These days you ca n't go wrong with a great leather jacket , " Leverett said . "  Plus , they hold up really well in a supernatural fight . "	"  The Vampire Diaries " is heading into its fourth season , which premieres on October 11 Costume designer Leigh Leverett outfits the supernatural characters on the series Leverett : It 's a challenge , but "  I enjoy  costuming  flashbacks most of all " Period pieces that are n't made in-house are often rented from costume companies
CNN  -- Former world number one Ana Ivanovic has climbed to a year high of 26th in the rankings after breaking her WTA Tour title drought . The Serb ended a run of two years without a winner 's trophy on Sunday , defeating Patty Schnyder in straight sets in the final of the Generali Ladies Linz tournament in Austria . Ivanovic -- who was a last-minute replacement in the draw for the injured Serena Williams -- took just 47 minutes to dispose of her Swiss opponent 6-1 6-2 . It was her second success at the hard-court event , with her win there in 2008 her last on the women 's singles circuit . "  It 's just amazing how some things turn out . This is my first title since I won here in 2008 , so it 's very special . I feel very good here and am really happy to have come back this week , " the 2008 French Open champion told the official WTA website after claiming her ninth career title . Since rising to the top of the world rankings in 2008 , the 22-year-old has suffered a dip in form due to illness and injury that has seen her fall to as low as 65 in the world earlier this year . But seeded seventh in Austria , Ivanovic did not drop a set all week and Schnyder was unable to provide much of a challenge to the rejuvenated champion in the final . "  I had confidence from my last few matches and that helped me stay aggressive today . I took a lot of risks and stepped in a lot , " she said . "  I believed in my shots and made them count , and I 'm very pleased with that . "	Ana Ivanovic won her first title for two years in Linz , Austria on Sunday Former world No. 1 defeated Patty Schnyder 6-1 6-2 to win hard-court event for second time Serbian did not drop a set for the duration of the tournament The 22-year-old is now ranked 26 in the world after falling to a low of 65 this year
CNN  -- An accident at a nuclear facility in Arkansas killed one person Sunday , a county coroner said . The accident took place "  in a non-radiation area , and there has been no risk to public health and safety identified , " the Arkansas Department of Health said in a statement . The facility is Arkansas Nuclear One , a water reactor in Russellville . "  We can understand the concern of all Arkansans about the situation at Arkansas Nuclear One , " Dr. William Mason , head of the department 's Preparedness and Emergency Response branch , said . "  We are closely monitoring what 's happening there and will make recommendations for additional action if the need arises . " The statement added that Mason "  urges residents to take this time to review their Emergency Instructions Booklet " and emergency information in phone directories . Pope County Coroner Leonard Krout said the victim was Wade Walters , 24 , of Russellville . Officials have not said how he was killed .	Accident at water reactor took place "  in a non-radiation area , " officials say Officials say "  no risk to public health and safety " has been identified No information has been released concerning how victim Wade Walters was killed
CNN Student News  -- May 19 , 2014 From flooding in the Balkans to wildfires in the U.S. , CNN Student News shows you how rescuers are dealing with disasters . We also follow a great white shark on her journey after being tagged in Cape Cod , and we examine the fascinating linguistic landscape of the U.S. You 'll also meet a CNN Hero who 's showing people with medical setbacks the way to adventure . On this page you will find today 's show Transcript , the Daily Curriculum , and a place for you to leave feedback . TRANSCRIPT Click here to access the transcript of today 's CNN Student News program . Please note that there may be a delay between the time when the video is available and when the transcript is published . DAILY CURRICULUM Click here for a printable version of the Daily Curriculum  PDF  . Media Literacy Question of the Day : What factors may determine why some countries or regions of the world might receive more news coverage than others ? Key Concepts : Identify or explain these subjects you heard about in today 's show : 1 . Balkans 2 . shark tagging 3 . "  melting pot " Fast Facts : How well were you listening to today 's program ? 1 . Where is the nation of Serbia located ? What natural disaster has forced the evacuation of more than 24,000 people there ? Why has n't everyone evacuated the flood area ? What has caused the flooding ? Who is helping with rescue efforts in the region ? How has it affected neighboring Bosnia and Herzegovina ? 2 . What kind of disaster has the U.S. West Coast been dealing with since last week ? What is helping California officials to make progress against the wildfires ? How are Marine helicopters being used to fight wildfires there ? 3 . According to the video : What Florida location is sometimes called "  the shark attack capital of the world " ? Why ? What kind of shark is Katharine ? When and where did researchers first tag her ? How many miles has this shark traveled so far this year ? Why are scientists tagging sharks ? 4 . After English and Spanish , what is the most widely spoken language in U.S. homes ? Does the United States have an official language ? What is the official language of 28 U.S. states ? After English and Spanish , what languages are spoken in different states and regions of the U.S. ? People of what national heritage outnumber all others in the U.S. ? 5 . Who is Robyn Benincasa ? What kind of an organization did she establish ? What "  label " does she say that her organization helps to give survivors ? Discussion Questions : 1 . What is meant by the term "  melting pot " ? Why do you think that the United States is often referred to as a melting pot ? What are some of the different groups who have contributed to the melting pot that is the United States ? What are some of their contributions to American culture and history ? 2 . Do you speak a second language ? If so , what is it ? Why might this be a valuable skill to have even in a country where the second language you speak is not typically found ? What industries and professions might offer jobs to individuals who can speak other languages ? 3 . Robyn Benincasa says of Project Athena , "  It 's not about the setback ; it 's about the comeback . " What do you think she means ? What personal qualities would you attribute to someone who suffers a setback but comes back even stronger ? CNN Student News is created by a team of journalists and educators who consider the Common Core State Standards , national standards in different subject areas , and state standards when producing the show and curriculum . We hope you use our free daily materials along with the program , and we welcome your feedback on them . FEEDBACK We 're looking for your feedback about CNN Student News . Please use this page to leave us comments about today 's program , including what you think about our stories and our resources . Also , feel free to tell us how you use them in your classroom . The educators on our staff will monitor this page and may respond to your comments as well . Thank you for using CNN Student News ! Click here to submit your Roll Call request .	This page includes the show Transcript and the Daily Curriculum Use the Transcript to help students with reading comprehension and vocabulary The Daily Curriculum offers the Media Literacy Question of the Day , Key Concepts , Fast Facts and Discussion Questions At the bottom of the page , please share your feedback about our show and curriculum
So , Mark Zuckerberg apparently speaks Mandarin . The Facebook founder posted a video this week of himself participating in a 30-minute question-and-answer session , mostly in Chinese , at Beijing 's Tsinghua University . And online writers -- especially the tech bloggers -- just freaking love this story . General reaction : Like OMG ! Zuck speaks another language ?! "  The crowd gasped and applauded as soon as he started speaking , and the good vibes appeared to last throughout the chat , " wrote Marcus Wohlsen at Wired . "  Out of nowhere , Mark Zuckerberg now speaks Mandarin , " declared BuzzFeed . "  Mark Zuckerberg just did a Q&A . In Chinese . In China . And slayed the crowd , " wrote Greg Baumann , editor in chief of the Silicon Valley Business Journal . The underlying assumption in all of this coverage is that it is insanely surprising that the kid genius CEO of a $ 204 billion company can maneuver in a non-English language . Particularly a difficult one like Mandarin , which he speaks , according to Foreign Policy 's Isaac Stone Fish , "  like an articulate 7-year-old with a mouth full of marbles . " This should n't be surprising . Zuckerberg is a smart guy . He 's known to take on yearly self-improvement challenges  2010 , Mandarin ; 2011 , eat only animals he personally killed ; 2013 , meet someone new each day , according to Bloomberg Businessweek  . His wife , Priscilla Chan , is Chinese-American , and he said he 's been learning Mandarin partly to be able to better communicate with some of his in-laws . Plus , China . It 's home to the world 's largest population of Internet users  632 million  . And it blocks Facebook . A little "  charm offensive " could n't hurt . Then just think about the situation in reverse : Would anyone be shocked if the head of a foreign tech company -- try LG , Samsung , Sony or , in China , Lenovo -- showed up for a public speaking engagement in America and  gasp !!  spoke English ? Of course not . We 'd eye-roll if they did n't . That 's because we Americans expect everyone to speak our language -- and rarely make the attempt to communicate in foreign tongues . Only a quarter of Americans can hold a conversation in a second language , according to a 2001 Gallup poll . Compare that with about half of Europeans . And in Africa , while it 's tough to find comparative figures , it 's common to meet people who speak , two or three or five languages , since there are as many as 2,000 languages spoken on the continent . So perhaps Zuck 's somewhat passable second-language skills should n't be surprising , but they are . And I think a closer examination of why that 's the case reveals quite a bit about language and how it plays a role  and does n't  in modern America . There are easy explanations for America 's relative monolingualism . Unlike Europe , where a long road trip can land you in another country with another official language , the United States has historically been relatively isolated from other tongues . When immigrants bring foreign languages to our towns and cities , we generally have n't met them in the middle . We 've demanded they learn English . And pronto . Plus , when English speakers travel abroad , we tend to expect the world to cater to us . A couple years ago , I stayed at a Western chain hotel in Seoul , South Korea . The concierge gave me a business card that said something like , "  I 'm lost , take me back to the hotel at this address " on it in Korean . The idea was that I 'd hand the card to a taxi driver and he or she would zip me back to the safety of a hotel with English-speaking staff . Like I was a lost puppy with a business-card collar . No need to learn a thing . These expectations help explain why Zuckerberg 's Chinese is both so surprising and so easy to poke fun at . His Mandarin presentation plays both into and against the stereotypes of the Idiot American Abroad . We do n't expect anyone who grew up in the United States -- especially those whose parents grew up in America , too -- to be able to speak a foreign language , or we do n't expect them to do it well . That makes it fun for writers such as Gwynn Guilford and Nikhil Sonnad , at Quartz , to say that the Facebook CEO "  showed a plucky disregard for the tones that Mandarin has -- one tonal slip-up had him saying that Facebook boasts eleven mobile users instead of 1 billion -- and his enunciation was roughly on par with the clarity possible when someone 's stepping on your face . " But it also makes it easy to be impressed by Zuck . Put me in the latter camp . Zuckerberg , who comes across , at times , in his verbal English communications as a semi-sophisticated robot , at best , is doing something language coaches will tell you is a must : He 's trying . He put himself out there in a big way -- he took a risk -- and that 's the only way he 'll be able to improve . I applaud that effort . And I think it 's representative of where we as Americans , in general , stand as language learners . We 're kinda awkward . But we should keep at it . We 'll have to in order to stay relevant -- both in global business and at home . There were 37 million Spanish speakers in the United States in 2013 -- up from only 10 million in 1980 , according to Pew . Some are bilingual , but some likely speak comfortably only in Spanish . I think there 's a fear in English-only America that everyone will have to learn Spanish to function in certain parts of the country . We should expect that English will continue to be the linguistic glue of America -- that it will bind us together . But needing to learn Spanish , and other languages , to better and more fully explore the country and globe should seem exciting , not threatening . Learning a second language opens up new worlds , new neural pathways -- even new personalities . It 's something we all should embrace , a la Zuckerberg . We may sound goofy . But it 's far better than giving up .	Mark Zuckerberg , Facebook 's CEO , shows off his Mandarin skills CNN 's John Sutter questions whether we should be so surprised Zuckerberg is the CEO of an enormous Internet company China has the world 's largest population of Internet users
CNN  -- Never underestimate Brazil 's love for football -- a lesson learned the hard way by a member of one of the world 's biggest rock bands . Chad Smith , drummer for the Red Hot Chili Peppers , has apologized to fans of Brazilian football team Flamengo after wiping his backside with one of the club 's shirts . The incident occurred during a drum clinic in the Brazilian city of Belo Horizonte last week , when Smith shoved a red and black Flamengo shirt down the back of his trousers prompting booing from large parts of the gathered crowd . The 52-year-old has since attempted to build bridges with fans of Flamengo , which claims to be Brazil 's best-supported club with 30 million fans . "  I want to apologize for my inappropriate antics at the drum clinic , my joke about team rivalries went too far . Flamenco  sic  fans ... I 'm sorry , " Smith tweeted to his 269,000 followers . Smith , a key member of the American band since 1988 , later sought to further endear himself to Flamengo fans by posting a picture of himself cheering on Instagram wearing one of the club 's jerseys . Flamengo is one of Brazil 's most successful clubs and is one of five to have never been relegated from the top division .	Drummer apologizes after wiping his backside with Flamengo jersey Chad Smith is the drummer for U.S. rock group Red Hot Chili Peppers Smith later posted a picture of himself wearing a Flamengo shirt
The Costa Concordia struck rocks in shallow water off Italy 's western coast on Friday , killing at least three people , injuring 20 and leaving dozens unaccounted for . Here are five facts about the cruise ship : 1 . The Concordia is owned by Genoa-based Costa Cruises . It was christened in 2006 , at which point the ship was believed to be the largest cruise ship flying the Italian flag . 2 . The ship weighs in at more than 114,000 gross tonnage and measures 951 feet in length . Its maximum speed was designed to be 23 knots . 3 . Among the amenities on board : a wellness center , five restaurants , 13 bars , four swimming pools and a giant movie screen . The ship has 1,500 cabins . 4 . Its name -- Concordia -- is Italian for concord , or harmony . 5 . About 4,200 people were on board the ship when it ran aground . Most of the passengers were Italian , as well as some French and German citizens . CNN affiliate America Noticias , in Peru , said a group of 32 Peruvians were also onboard . Brazil 's state-run Agencia Brasil said 53 Brazilians were on the cruise ship . An estimated 126 Americans were also on board , according to the U.S. State Department .	The Concordia was christened in 2006 The ship weighs in at more than 114,000 gross tonnage About 4,200 people were on board the ship when it ran aground
DUBAI , United Arab Emirates  CNN  -- An American sailor fatally shot two female sailors before shooting himself Monday inside a U.S. military barracks in Bahrain , the Navy said . The alleged shooter , a male , survived the self-inflicted gunshot and was in critical condition at a military hospital in Bahrain , the Navy said . The man was under heavy security . The motive for the shootings is unclear , but the Navy said the incident was not terror-related and it involved only U.S. military personnel . The shootings occurred about 5 a.m. , the Navy said in a news release . The base was closed for about an hour after the shootings . A Navy spokesman in Bahrain refused to provide any other details about the incident . Naval Support Activity Bahrain supports the U.S. Fifth Fleet , whose operations span about 7.5 million square miles across 27 countries . Included in the fleet 's area of responsibility are the Arabian Gulf , Red Sea , Gulf of Oman and parts of the Indian Ocean . The support base is located just outside Manama , the capital . Bahrain , a U.S. ally , is an island nation in the Persian Gulf , wedged between Qatar and Saudi Arabia . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Barbara Starr and Caroline Faraj contributed to this report .	NEW : Sailor shoots two female colleagues , then self , Navy says Incident occurred at U.S. Navy support facility in the country Navy says incident was not terror-related Base supports U.S. Fifth Fleet , whose operations span 27 nations
CNN  -- Gareth Bale 's stunning hat-trick against Inter Milan in the Champions League in 2010 announced the Welshman as a player the world should keep an eye on . That virtuoso performance ultimately came in a losing cause as the Italian side dumped Bale 's Tottenham out of the European Champions League and went on to win the continent 's premier club competition . Times have changed for Inter , who are struggling in Serie A and staring down the barrel of a Europa League exit after Bale inspired his English side to a 3-0 victory in the first leg of their last-16 tie . Bale nodded Tottenham in front at White Hart Lane and his opener was added to by Gylfi Sigurdsson and Jan Vertonghen as Andre Villas-Boas ' side put themselves in a commanding position . They are now odds on to knock Inter out when they travel to Italy for the second leg next week , though Bale will miss the game after picking up a yellow card for diving , a theme that has dogged him in recent months . The 23-year-old has now been booked for diving six times since the start of 2012 , his third yellow in the Europa League leading to a one-match ban . Bale told ITV : "  We played well and set tempo from the first whistle , we made it difficult for them . I 'm enjoying playing and it gives us a good lead going into the away leg . " While Tottenham continue to flourish in Europe , their Premier League counterparts -- European champions Chelsea -- are not enjoying life in the Europa League . They won the Champions League for the first time in their history last season , but became the first defending club to go out in the group stages this year . And after limping through against lowly Sparta Prague of the Czech Republic in the last round , they sank to 1-0 defeat in Romania to Steaua Bucharest in the first leg of their tie . With the majority of Chelsea 's fans vehemently opposed to the installation of Rafa Benitez as their interim manager , and voicing their displeasure at every game , another lackluster display will not do much for the Spaniard 's popularity . Raul Rusescu 's penalty decided the game -- he scored from the spot after being fouled by Ryan Bertrand . Fernando Torres tested Ciprian Tatarusanu with a volley just before halftime and Eden Hazard went close as the game entered its dying stages as his volley grazed the crossbar . "  It was a difficult game , you could see the atmosphere and the pitch was not the best , " Benitez told ESPN . "  It was a soft penalty to give in this situation with so many officials . We can not change that now . The referee gave the penalty but no red card ? Strange . " English Premier League side Newcastle drew 0-0 away at Anzhi Makhachkala in Russia . The match was played at Moscow 's Luzhniki Stadium due to security concerns in Anzhi 's home territory of Dagestan . Newcastle 's returning French winger Hatem Ben Arfa had the best chance of the match but saw his effort saved while Anzhi 's Cameroon striker Samuel Eto'o looked dangerous for the home side . Italian outfit Lazio took a firm grip of their clash with VfB Stuttgart thanks to a 2-0 victory in Germany . Lazio , riding high in Serie A , have a formidable lead to protect back in Rome next week after goals from Ederson and Ogenyi Onazi . A late goal from Pierre Webo put Turkish club Fenerbahce in control of their tie against Viktoria Plzen of the Czech Republic . Levante and Russian club Rubin Kazan drew 0-0 in an ill tempered game in Spain . Cristian Ansaldi got his marching orders first for the visitors before Michel was dismissed two minutes later . FC Basel beat Russian side Zenit St Petersburg 2-0 in the first leg in Switzerland . Goals from Marcelo Diaz and Alexander Frei sealed the win while Zenit had Carlos Luis Neto sent off late on . An own goal from Cedric Carrasso handed Benfica a 1-0 win over French side Bordeaux in Portugal .	Gareth Bale scores as Tottenham thrash Inter Milan 3-0 in the Europa League Chelsea beaten 1-0 by Steaua Bucharest in their last-16 first leg tie Newcastle draw 0-0 away at Guus Hiddink 's Anzhi Makhachkala in Russia Lazio beat VfB Stuttgart 2-0 in Germany while Fenerbahce topple Viktoria Plzen
South Korea is perhaps the world 's leader in terms of identifying and treating gaming and Internet addiction . After wiring the nation with the world 's fastest broadband infrastructure , South Korea 's government spends millions per year to identify and treat gaming and Internet addicts . About 8 % of the country 's population age 9 to 39 suffer from Internet or gaming addiction , according to a 2010 government study . Some see South Korea as a window into the future : Perhaps other nations , including the United States , will see a wave of gaming and Internet addiction when our technological infrastructure catches up . Others say it 's too soon to know if gaming addiction is really its own disorder . In the United States , Internet and gaming addiction are not listed in the official Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders . In the next revision of that list , however , the American Psychiatric Association has proposed that "  Internet Use Disorder " be listed as warranting further study . Some groups , however , have moved forward with treating Internet and gaming addiction . One of the leaders in that field is Dr. Han Doug-hyun , from Chung-Ang University Hospital in Seoul , South Korea 's capital . Han 's research lab treats people who are addicted to games using techniques similar to those used to treat alcoholics , including counseling and virtual-reality therapy  Check out this CNN video to see inside his research and treatment space  . As part of CNN 's feature on "  Gaming Reality , " Han gave us his list of the top five warning signs that a person should seek professional help for Internet or gaming addiction . Take a look at the tips and let us know what you think of them , and of the science of gaming addiction , in the comments . Here are Han 's top 5 warning signs of gaming or Internet addiction : 1 . Disrupted regular life pattern . If a person plays games all night long and sleeps in the daytime , that can be a warning he or she should seek professional help . 2 . If the potential gaming or Internet addict loses his or her job , or stops going to school in order to be online or to play a digital game . 3 . Need for a bigger fix . Does the gamer have to play for longer and longer periods in order to get the same level of enjoyment from the game ? 4 . Withdrawal . Some Internet and gaming addicts become irritable or anxious when they disconnect , or when they are forced to do so . 5 . Cravings . Some Internet and gaming addicts experience cravings , or the need to play the game or be online when they are away from the digital world .	South Korean psychiatrist gives 5 warning signs of gaming addiction South Korea 's government tries to prevent and treat Internet and gaming addiction In the United States , such addictions are n't listed as official disorders The American Psychiatric Association proposes more research on the topic
CNN  -- Launched in 1995 , the Airbus A330-200 is the newest member of the European aircraft manufacturer 's twinjet family . The incident involves an Air France Airbus A330-200 . With a range of 12,500 km  6,750 nautical miles  and the capacity to carry 253 passengers , the A330-200 is extremely well-regarded as a medium to long-range airliner . There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France , worldwide . Airbus has a further 300 orders for the aircraft . According to aviation expert Kieran Daly , the A330-200 is a "  reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane , " with an impeccable safety record . He told CNN that there has only been one reported incident when an aircraft of this type has crashed . "  The incident took place in 1994 before the aircraft came into service , " he said . "  It was being flown in test-mode by pilots who were putting it through some extreme maneuvers before it came down . "  Therefore the crash was not caused by the plane itself . "  It is very well-designed and well-equipped , with equally modern and reliable General Electric CF-6 engines . " Air France has said that Flight AF 447 sent an automatic signal indicating electrical problems while going through strong turbulence early in its 11-hour flight from Rio de Janeiro to Charles de Gaulle airport in Paris . Why it took so long to report the aircraft missing " However , Daly said that it would take extremely violent weather conditions to cause the catastrophic failure of an aircraft of this size . "  These planes are extremely robust and widely used on transatlantic routes and across Asia , " he said . "  They are equipped with an array of sophisticated communication equipment , so it must have been something extremely sudden to cause the loss of contact . " There has also been speculation that the Paris-bound flight was struck by lightning , but that should not bring down a modern airliner , former Airbus pilot John Wiley told CNN . According to Air France , the captain of Flight AF 447 had a record of 11,000 flight hours and had already flown 1,700 hours on Airbus A330/A340 aircraft . Of the two first officers , one had flown 3,000 flight hours  800 of which on the Airbus A330/A340  and the other 6,600  2,600 on the Airbus A330/A340  . The aircraft had totaled 18,870 flight hours and went into service on 18 April 2005 . Its last maintenance check in the hangar took place on 16 April 2009 . The larger A330-300 aircraft from Airbus entered service in 1993 and has a capacity of up to 335 passengers . It too has an impressive safety record , despite a couple of incidents in the last 10 years . In August 2001 , a Canadian airliner operated by Air Transat experienced double engine failure while traveling to Portugal . Miraculously the captain was able to perform an emergency landing in the Azores by gliding the powerless plane for almost 18 minutes . Last year , an A330-303 was forced to make an emergency landing in Australia after a sudden change in altitude injured 74 passengers . Qantas Flight 72 was flying from Singapore to the western Australian city of Perth when a sudden change of altitude caused abrasions , contusions , fractures and other injuries . The cause of the sudden drop remains under investigation .	The Airbus A330-200 was launched in 1995 There are 600 currently in service with 82 airlines , including Air France Expert : A330-200 is reliable , ultra-modern , state-of-the-art airplane Air France said Flight AF 447 reported electrical problems
Tokyo  CNN  -- Japan will begin enforcing an often-flouted evacuation order and keep people out of the 20-km zone around the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant , a top official announced Wednesday . About 78,000 people have homes in the evacuation zone , and many have been going back to retrieve belongings , and check on farms and businesses in recent weeks . Animal rescue groups have gone in to get pets for owners who did n't expect to be gone for more than a month , and numerous journalists have ventured inside to document conditions . All that needs to stop "  to guarantee the health and safety of the people , " Chief Cabinet Secretary Yukio Edano told reporters Wednesday . Edano , the government 's point man for the crisis , said Tokyo will work with local officials to make plans for closing the zone soon . He would not elaborate on how the closure would be carried out , but said that families would be allowed to enter the area to get things from their homes under proper protections . Police are stationed at checkpoints leading into the area currently , but enforcement appears to vary from post to post or officer to officer . Inside , cars and trucks swept away by the March 11 tsunami that triggered the Fukushima Daiichi accident remain scattered across the untended fields . The line where the wave halted remains clearly visible , marked by the debris it left behind . Abandoned houses stand open , with cattle and chickens left behind in their pens . A CNN crew entered the area for a short time Wednesday and encountered a young farmer whose family lives just inside the 20-km  12.5-mile  boundary . He said his father was considering returning home -- but as a young , unmarried man , he was considering quitting the farm his family has worked for three generations . "  I 'm concerned about the impact on my health , " said the farmer , who declined to be named . "  I wish I could trust the government , but I ca n't . " Japanese authorities drew the 20-km radius around the plant in the early days of the Fukushima Daiichi disaster , now the worst nuclear accident since Chernobyl . The plant was struck by the March 11 tsunami that devastated northern Japan , knocking out its coolant systems and causing its three operating reactors to overheat . The accident resulted in the plant belching radioactive particles into the surrounding environment , leading to widespread concerns about crops , homes and livelihoods well beyond the immediate area . Four days after the tsunami , Japan advised residents in a second belt , from 10km to 20 km away from the plant , to stay indoors if they remained in the area ; and on April 11 , it said residents of several other towns outside the zone to be ready to evacuate soon . The Japanese government says it has no detailed readings of radiation levels inside the 20-km zone . But journalists who have entered the areas have recorded radiation levels that typically range around a few thousandths of a millisieverts per hour . By comparison , a typical resident of an industrialized country receives about 3 millisieverts per year . One reporter who came within 2 km of the power plant in early April recorded a dose of about a tenth of a millisievert per hour -- high enough to increase the long-term risk of cancer with prolonged exposure , but a tiny fraction of the dose that would induce radiation sickness . Currently , the evacuations are "  very difficult " to enforce legally , government spokesman Noriyuki Shikata told reporters Tuesday . Edano said the government plans to designate the area an "  alert zone " under Japanese laws governing disaster response , a move he said would give authorities the power to crack down on people going into and out of the evacuated area . Edano ventured into the closed zone last week to meet with police and troops inside , and he said Prime Minister Naoto Kan is currently making plans to visit the Fukushima area to meet with some of those affected by the disaster . Yasuka Nakabo and CNN 's Steven Jiang contributed to this report .	A government official says the crackdown is needed for public safety Enforcement currently seems to vary from checkpoint to checkpoint "  I wish I could trust the government , but I ca n't , " an evacuee tells CNN
SEOUL , South Korea  CNN  -- The chairman of the Samsung Group plans to resign , according to a report published Tuesday by Yonhap , the South Korean news agency . Chairman of the Samsung Group Lee Kun-hee has been indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . The decision of Lee Kun-hee to step down comes a few days after his indictment amid an investigation into corruption allegations . Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust . Samsung is South Korea 's largest conglomerate . It has annual sales of nearly $ 160 billion and accounts for 18 percent of South Korea 's economic output . The company 's exports -- valued at about $ 70 billion -- account for a fifth of all South Korean exports . Lee was indicted for breach of trust in connection with a plan to transfer control of the company to his son , a prosecutor said . He was also indicted for tax evasion . Investigators started looking into Samsung in January , after a former company lawyer said the company created slush funds worth $ 200 million . Last week , however , a prosecutor said an investigation found no evidence supporting an allegation that the company bribed government officials and prosecutors . Samsung has apologized for "  causing concerns " and said it would outline plans for reform this week . E-mail to a friend	Samsung Group chairman , Lee Kun-hee , plans to resign , Yonhap reports Lee 's decision comes a few days after his indictment amid corruption investigation Lee was indicted for tax evasion and breach of trust Prosecutors say indictment relates to a plan to transfer control of the firm to his son
CNN  -- Switzerland 's Massimo Busacca has been selected to referee Wednesday 's Champions League final between Barcelona and Manchester United in Rome on Wednesday -- UEFA have confirmed on their official Web site UEFA.com Massimo Busacca refereed the 2007 UEFA Cup and one of the semifinals from Euro 2008 . Busacca , 40 , will be assisted by his compatriots Matthias Arnet and Francesco Buragina , while the fourth official will be Claudio Circhetta . Busacca has been an international referee since 1999 and has taken charge of 32 Champions League matches , including six this season . Among the top club matches he has overseen are this year 's Champions League quarterfinal second leg between Porto and Manchester United and the 2007 UEFA Cup final between Sevilla and Espanyol in Glasgow . On the international stage , Busacca was also in charge of the Euro 2008 semifinal between Germany and Turkey and the 2006 World Cup last 16 match between Argentina and Mexico . Meanwhile , authorities in Rome have enforced a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol as they attempt to stave off the threat of trouble between 67,000 Barcelona and Manchester United fans . In a bid to avoid incidents , local authorities have banned the sale of alcohol throughout the city and in airports and stations from 11pm on Tuesday until 6am on Thursday morning . "  It will not be a militarised city , " Rome authority spokesman Giovanni Pecorari told Press Association Sport . "  All the necessary measures have been taken in order to give the best possible image of this city . "	Massimo Busacca selected to referee Champions League final on Wednesday 40-year-old Swiss will be accompanied by team of three compatriots in Rome Busacca refereed the 2007 UEFA Cup final and one of Euro 2008 semifinals Rome authorities enforce a blanket ban on the sale of alcohol before the final
Mental Floss  -- As you will be reminded countless times , when you cast your vote in Tuesday 's presidential election , you 're not taking part in a nationwide popular vote , but rather helping decide who your state 's Electoral College delegates support . Despite its name , the Electoral College never actually convenes as a unified group . There are all sorts of arguments for and against using this system rather than picking a winner based solely on the national popular vote , but for the moment , it looks like the Electoral College will be sticking around for a while . So what do you need to know about the least-fun college this side of the Catholic Church 's College of Cardinals ? What are the Electoral College 's admissions policies ? Different states choose their electors in different ways . Some states have nominations for electors during party conventions , while others choose their electors in primaries . In Pennsylvania , the campaigns choose their own electors . The only real things that can disqualify you from being an elector are holding a federal office or having engaged in some sort of insurrection against the U.S. government . Chosen electors are generally loyal party members who can be counted on to cast a ballot that 's in line with their state 's popular vote . Where 's the Electoral College 's campus ? It does n't have one . Although the name might make you think that all the electors meet in a centralized location to cast their ballots , the Electoral College never actually convenes as a unified group . Instead , the chosen electors all meet at their respective state capitals on the first Monday after the second Wednesday in December to cast their votes . The votes are then counted in a joint session of Congress on January 6 . What if no one gets a majority of the Electoral College 's votes ? If no candidate can grab a majority  currently 270  of the Electoral College 's votes , the House of Representatives meets immediately to pick the new president . In this situation , each state 's Congressmen get together and pick a candidate among the top three vote getters in the Electoral College balloting . Each state 's delegation then casts one vote . This process keeps going on indefinitely until a single candidate receives a majority of the states ' votes . The House of Representatives has picked two presidents : Thomas Jefferson in 1800 and John Quincy Adams in 1824 . Mental Floss : Adams vs. Jefferson : Birth of negative campaigns Since electors also ballots for Vice President , the same situation can arise with that office . In these cases , the Senate immediately goes into session to pick a Vice President , although each Senator has his own vote . The Senate votes until a candidate receives a majority of the cast votes . This sort of contingent election has happened just once . In 1836 Martin Van Buren 's running mate , Richard M. Johnson needed 148 votes to win the Vice Presidency , but Virginia 's electors refused to vote for him . As a result , he ended up stuck with 147 votes , and the Senate had to hold a contingent election , where Johnson cruised by Whig candidate Francis P. Granger . Can the electors change their mind ? They can , but they then become what are known as "  faithless electors . " Technically , states make their electors pledge to vote in a certain way , and 24 states have laws that punish electors who decide to get cute and switch things up . However , with a few exceptions like Michigan and Minnesota , votes cast by faithless electors still count in the final tally . Yeah , but that never happens , does it ? Faithless electors have actually popped up fairly frequently in American electoral history . One notable instance of faithless electors rearing their head occurred in 1972 . Roger MacBride , the treasurer of the Republican Party of Virginia , was a pledged elector for Richard Nixon and Spiro Agnew . Instead , he cast his ballot for the Libertarian ticket . While this vote put him firmly on the outs with the state GOP , he became something of a Libertarian folk hero . In fact , Libertarians were so enthused by his vote that he won the party 's presidential nomination in the 1976 election . Although most switcheroos do n't benefit small-party candidates like this one did , they 're not all that uncommon , and not a recent trend , either ; Abraham Lincoln 's winning total in the 1860 election included four electors who were pledged to Stephen Douglas . Although Ronald Reagan won sound victories in 1980 and 1984 , he also received a single electoral vote in 1976 . Mike Padden , a faithless elector from Spokane , cast his vote for Reagan instead of Gerald Ford , as he 'd pledged . Mental Floss : Brief history of endorsements It 's winner-take-all for each state , right ? Yes , for most states , the winner of the popular vote gets all of the state 's electors . However , Maine and Nebraska allocate their electors a little differently . Because each seat in Congress is roughly analogous to one vote in the Electoral College , these states let each congressional district pick its own candidate . The state 's remaining two electoral votes , which correspond to the state 's two Senators , go to whichever candidate wins the popular vote within the state . Technically , this system could result in a state 's electoral votes being split between two candidates . In practice , though , all of the districts tend to vote the same way . Although Maine and Nebraska have been using this system since 1972 and 1992 , respectively , neither state has ever split its presidential votes . What happens if a president-elect dies ? The national election takes place Tuesday , but the Electoral College wo n't formally meet to cast their votes until December 15 . If a candidate dies or becomes otherwise unfit to take office in the interim , a thorny issue pops up . Some states , like Virginia , legally bind their electors to vote for the candidate whose name was on the general election ballot . Other states , though , are more flexible and would allow their electors to vote for the ticket 's vice-presidential candidate or other agreed-upon candidate . Luckily , this scenario has never happened with an election winner . In 1872 , though , Democrat Horace Greeley died just over three weeks after Ulysses S. Grant thumped him in the election . Because the Electoral College still had to meet to elect Grant , electors who would have voted for Greeley simply spread their 66 votes among other Democratic candidates . As a result , Thomas Andrews Hendricks actually came in second in the election with 42 electoral votes despite not campaigning for the presidency ; he was busy successfully running for Governor of Indiana . Three electors actually voted for Greeley even though he was dead , which probably tells you all you need to know about the health of the Democratic Party during Reconstruction . Mental Floss : SNL political quiz If the President elect dies after the Electoral College 's voting but before the inauguration , the Twentieth Amendment states that the Vice President elect becomes President . For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC . All rights reserved .	What happens if no presidential candidate gets enough electoral votes to win ? What if president-elect dies after Electoral College votes , but before inauguration ? Roger MacBride 's electoral vote made him Libertarian Party folk hero Electoral vote "  switcheroos " played role in Lincoln 's presidential victory
CNN  -- It 's time again for the Primetime Emmy Awards , being held in Los Angeles on Sunday , September 22 . And what better way to celebrate than with some of the most surprising stats involving the awards ? Emmy Awards are named after "  Immy , " an abbreviation for the image orthicon tube , part of an early television camera . It was later changed to Emmy . This year is the 65th annual ceremony . Disclaimer : There was not a statistic for the percentage of actors and show teams who are sincere when they say it is an honor just to be nominated . $ 5 -- Price of a ticket to attend the first Emmy Awards ceremony , on January 25 , 1949 . 6 pounds , 12.5 ounces -- Weight of a Primetime Emmy statuette . 28 -- Number of different award categories . 37 -- Record for the most Emmys won by one series : "  Frasier . " 97 -- The most nominations in a single year for one broadcast network . NBC got the nods in 2000 . 44 -- The most Emmys won by a single network in one year . CBS set the record in 1974 . 8 -- Most Emmys won by a female performer : Cloris Leachman . 7 -- Most Emmys won by a male performer : Ed Asner . 35 -- Number of people thanked by Martin Scorsese after his 2011 win for outstanding directing for a drama series , for "  Boardwalk Empire . " 52 and 1 -- The number of actors and actresses nominated in 1980 versus the number who actually attended the ceremony that year , which took place in the middle of two actors ' union strikes . Luckily , the lone nominee there , Powers Boothe , won something -- outstanding actor in a limited series or special . 3 hours , 59 minutes , 40 seconds -- Longest Emmy Awards telecast , in 1987 . 17 -- Nominations received by AMC 's "  Mad Men " in 2012 . Matthew Weiner and company went home empty-handed , though , setting a new record for most nods in one year without a win . 2 seconds -- Difference in the average speech time by male winners  1:21  and female winners  1:19  , as calculated by "  New York " magazine in 2012 , for the past three ceremonies . 8 -- Percentage of winners from 2009 to 2011 who cried during their speeches . 15,000 -- Members of the Academy of Television Arts and Sciences , the group that sponsors the Emmys . 14 -- Age of the youngest Emmy Award winner . Roxana Zal won in 1984 for the TV movie , "  Something About Amelia . " 171 -- Nominations earned by NBC 's "  Saturday Night Live . " It has won 36 times . 22 -- Official Primetime Emmys parties or receptions . Many occur as far as a month in advance of the ceremony . 13.2 million -- Total number of 2012 Emmy Awards viewers , according to Nielsen ratings . 25,000 -- Tweets sent out immediately after 2012 host Jimmy Kimmel asked viewers to tweet that comedian Tracy Morgan had collapsed on stage . 1.6 million -- Social media "  interactions " online about the 2012 Emmys , according to Trendrr , a group that analyzes data about activity on social media sites such as Facebook and Twitter .	$ 5 -- That 's the price for a ticket to the first Emmy Awards ceremony 37 -- That 's the record for the most Emmys won by one series 3 hours , 59 minutes , 40 seconds -- Whew ! That was the longest Emmys telecast 13.2 million -- That 's the number of 2012 Emmy Awards viewers
CNN  -- When I saw these words on Twitter , I could n't help but put down my tablet : "  They say the smallest coffins are the heaviest to carry . " They weigh heaviest upon the heart . First the Sydney attack Monday , then all too soon there came the school killings Tuesday -- 145 people , 132 of them children -- in Peshawar , Pakistan . Tragedies are stacking up . There is n't enough time to grieve . To spend one minute of silence in honor of each of the lives lost would take more than two hours . The average life expectancy for men in Pakistan is about 66 years . These children killed at their school had some 50 years of life stolen from them â $ " life that will never be lived . Think back on the last year . What did you accomplish ? How many times did you laugh ? How many act of kindness did you bring into the world ? Think on all you did . Think of what could have been if these children had lived â $ " of how each of their lives could have changed the world . It takes but one person , one moment , one conviction , to start a ripple of change . Because they ca n't , we must . Those stolen lifetimes deserve fulfillment . Those children 's lives can still change the world . But it requires us to be called from despair to action . Although their deaths are senseless and tragic , their potential lives can unfold through us . The smallest coffins are the heaviest , but living for the child lightens our hearts . It is easy to fall into despair thinking about all that is wrong with the world . The joys seems so small in comparison . Internet videos of cats riding Roombas just ca n't compete with a father talking about how his dead 13-year-old son had wanted to be a pilot . How do we not yield to despair ? Action is my antidote . I do something . The Taliban attacked a school -- and earlier had shot Malala , an education activist -- because they are scared . They fear the potential of education to change the world , and move beyond them . Education is the light that fights their darkness . It is up to us . The horror of their methods only redoubles our commitment to spreading the light . We know education is a human right and an unstoppable force . We can use our grief to activate and motivate us , to work so even more children are educated , to ensure that these child killings are the last throes of the Taliban 's reign of terror . The question becomes : how ? Not long after the devastating news of the attack , I began to see a growing online community , started in large party by people of Pakistani descent across the world , looking for ways to help those in need in . Each is seeking ways to honor those murdered in Peshawar . You do n't have to donate . But at the very least , you can add your name to online pledges and join this community in saying , "  Your terror only makes us fight harder . " If you want your checkbook to follow your heart , make a donation to those doing work you support . The Malala Fund is a great place to start . UNICEF and the Global Fund for Children are other established , well-respected organizations that do great work across the world for children . If you are n't in a positon to give money , get some skin in the game . In 2015 , the Hult Prize challenge will provide quality education for 10 million children who live in urban slums . If you are a student whose school is involved , apply online before December 21 . Apply for a chance at $ 1 million to change the lives of 10 million children , and through them , to help change the world . If your school is not involved , apply here . If you are not a student , you can connect with your local university and offer to support the team working for early childhood education in urban slums . You have something to offer â $ " maybe you bake fantastic cookies , or provide expertise in financial modeling , or simply ask good questions . Each skill , no matter how modest you feel it is , is useful to the students . Help them . We 're a world away from Pakistan in geography , but not in sentiment . We mourn with the parents as one people . Now , we must act as one people .	Donna Brazile : Lives cut short by Taliban 's school rampage is tragic and can sow despair She says turn that into action . Work to support and spread education everywhere She says join online community calling to honor slain students by fighting harder for schools Brazile : UNICEF , Malala Fund among those pressing this cause . Hult Prize is another
CNN  -- Rockets from Gaza came down in Israel overnight , according to the Israeli military . This comes on the heels of a cease-fire announcement Hamas made toward the Jewish state late Wednesday local time . Nine rockets were fired from Gaza , eight of which landed "  in open areas , " an Israeli military spokesman said . "  The ninth has been intercepted by the ` Iron Dome ' over Ashkalon . No one was injured . " "  Iron Dome " refers to an Israeli missile defense system . On its website , Hamas ' military wing , Izzedine al Qassam , acknowledged firing eight rockets just before midnight Wednesday at an Israeli military base as a retaliatory measure . Another independent militant group admitted to firing one rocket into Israel at 12:45 a.m. Thursday  5:45 p.m. Eastern time Wednesday  , also citing retaliation . Gaza has remained quiet since the rockets were fired , but Israeli aircraft can be heard flying overhead , a CNN producer in Gaza said . The Palestinian group Hamas said in a statement posted before late Wednesday that its military wing has agreed to an Egyptian-brokered cease-fire with Israel following a sharp increase in violence between the two sides . Hamas -- which controls the Palestinian territory of Gaza -- said it would observe the cease-fire as long as Israel remained committed to the agreement . There was no immediate response to the cease-fire announcement from Israel , which said more than 75 rockets had been fired into its territory from Gaza in the three days prior to the announcement . Eight Palestinians and one Israeli died between Sunday and Tuesday in a spate of rocket attacks and Israeli airstrikes , officials on both sides reported ; Israel also said a Palestinian child was killed when a rocket launch attempt by militants backfired . Israeli warplanes struck two targets in Gaza on Tuesday in response to the rocket fire , the Israeli military said . Hamas security sources told CNN the strikes targeted a site used to train Palestinian militants to launch rockets as well as another training facility run by the Izzedine al-Qassam Brigades with two people injured . "  We stress that our confrontation with the Zionist enemy in this round was in its minimum in fire and counterattacks , " the brigades said in a statement announcing the deal . It said the agreement includes "  all other resistance factions " operating from Gaza , which has been under Hamas control since 2007 . Israel says nearly 300 rockets have been fired into its territory from Gaza since the beginning of 2012 . CNN 's Yousuf Basil and Kareem Khadder contributed to this report .	NEW : Rockets from Gaza came down in Israel overnight , Israeli military says Hamas announced a cease-fire late Wednesday The truce follows three days of rocket attacks and airstrikes There was no immediate response from Israel to Hamas ' announcement
CNN  -- A powerful blast leveled a house Wednesday in Boston , Massachusetts ; it was not immediately clear if anyone was injured . Boston police said on Twitter that a gas explosion was suspected and that a construction crew had been digging near the house at the time of the blast . Police said nearby homes were evacuated and people were advised to avoid that area of the Hyde Park neighborhood . Aerial footage showed an empty space amid rows of neatly lined houses . Residents told CNN affiliate WHDH they felt everything shaking around them . Windows of several houses shattered . Firefighters on the scene told WHDH they believed the two people who lived in the house were not home at the time of the blast .	Boston police say on Twitter they suspect a gas explosion It was not clear whether anyone was injured The blast occurred in the Hyde Park neighborhood
EW.com  -- The following is a round up of some of the latest casting news : • Jennifer Lawrence is attached to play one half of a most unusual union in "  Ends of the Earth , " a biopic about Lydie Marland and her uncle/adoptive father/husband , oil magnate and eventual governor of Oklahoma Ernest Marland . Yes , you read that right : Lydie 's biological parents gave her up for adoption to her wealthy aunt and uncle , which her uncle later annulled so he and Lydie could marry . And that man became governor . Chris Terrio  Argo  penned the script , but no director is yet attached . -LSB- Variety -RSB- • Speaking of Lawrence , Patrick St. Esprit  "  Sons of Anarchy "  will join her in "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire , " playing the small supporting role of Romulus Thread , the ruthless new head Peacekeeper for District 12 . Francis Lawrence  "  I Am Legend "  is directing . -LSB- Variety -RSB- • Mickey Rourke is negotiating to star opposite Gerard Butler in "  Motor City " , a drama about a man seeking retribution against the person whose double cross landed him in jail .  Albert Hughes is directing .  If that is n't hard-scrabble noir enough for you , Rourke is also aiming to reprise his role of Marv in "  Sin City 2 , " even though the character was electrocuted in Robert Rodriguez and Frank Miller 's first film . -LSB- Deadline -RSB- • Next up on the '80s star double-feature circuit , Kevin Costner has been offered the role of the mentor to Jack Ryan  Chris Pine  in the upcoming prequel/reboot of the Tom Clancy/CIA analyst franchise .  Kenneth Branagh is directing and starring as the main villain .  Costner has also been offered the lead in "  Three Days to Kill , " about an assassin with a fatal illness going off on one last job in France , to be produced by Luc Besson 's EuropaCorp , the same company behind the "  Taken " films . Neither deal is close to done , however . -LSB- Deadline -RSB- EW.com : "  The Hunger Games " • Joe Manganiello  "  Magic Mike "  is in talks to join the growing cast of "  Breacher , " about 10 crooked DEA agents who begin dying one by one after they use an official operation to mask a robbery . Arnold Schwarzenegger , Sam Worthington , Terrence Howard , and Dawn Olivieri  House of Lies  will costar . David Ayer  "  Harsh Times "  is directing . -LSB- THR -RSB- • Catherine Keener and Toni Collette have signed up for the new , untitled comedy from writer-director Nicole Holofcener  "  Please Give , " "  Friends with Money "  . Keener will star as a new friend to a divorcée Julia Louis-Dreyfuss , who ends up falling for Keener 's ex-husband  James Gandolfini  . Collette will play Keener 's therapist , who is also Louis-Dreyfuss ' friend . Got all that ? -LSB- Variety -RSB- • Lindsay Lohan is in talks for an unspecified role in "  Scary Movie 5 , " to be directed by Malcolm D. Lee  Soul Men  . Yeah , that seems about right . -LSB- E! Online -RSB- See the full story at EW.com . CLICK HERE to Try 2 RISK FREE issues of Entertainment Weekly © 2011 Entertainment Weekly and Time Inc. . All rights reserved .	Jennifer Lawrence is attached to play one half of an unusual union in "  Ends of the Earth " Patrick St. Esprit will join "  The Hunger Games : Catching Fire " as Romulus Thread Mickey Rourke is negotiating to star opposite Gerard Butler in "  Motor City "
CNN  -- A safety drill gone wrong on a cruise ship resulted in the death of five crew members in Spain 's Canary Islands , Thomson Cruises said . Three other workers were injured , the cruise line said . The accident happened just before noon Sunday on board the Thomson Majesty while it was docked in La Palma , one of the Canary Islands . As part of the drill , a lifeboat was lowered into the water to test the evacuation procedure for passengers . "  Unfortunately , when the boat was being raised back up , one of the wires snapped , resulting in the boat falling back into the water , " a Thomson representative said via e-mail Monday . There were 1,498 passengers on board . It is customary for crew members to get into lifeboats during a drill , Thomson said , but passengers do not board them . No passengers were injured . Investigations are being conducted by Thomson Cruises , Spanish maritime authorities , the ship 's flag state of Malta and ship classification company DNV , the cruise line said . "  Our thoughts are with the family and friends of all those involved , " Thomson said . CNN 's Marnie Hunter contributed to this report .	Accident happened while cruise ship was docked in La Palma , one of Spain 's Canary Islands A lifeboat carrying crew members fell from ship during a drill , Thomson Cruises says No passengers were injured ; investigation under way , cruise line says
LONDON , England  CNN  -- Police say they are investigating the disappearance of more than $ 400,000 worth of jewelry from a photo shoot involving Lindsay Lohan in London on June 6 . Jewels are missing from an Elle magazine photo shoot of Lindsay Lohan . "  Items of jewelry went missing from an Elle photoshoot ... and the matter is now being investigated by the police , " the fashion magazine said in a statement to CNN . "  Elle has no reason to believe that Lindsay Lohan was in any way responsible and has no further comment to make . " Lohan 's representative told CNN the actress was "  happy to cooperate , " and that "  No one has contacted Lindsay " about the investigation . The magazine would not say whether the 22-year-old actress wore the jewelry in the photo shoot , and could not say when the photos would be published . "  The theft was reported to a central London police station on 8 June 2009 after earrings and a necklace , believed to be diamond and estimated to be worth in the region of # 250,000 -LSB- $ 410,000 -RSB- , were found to be missing approximately two days earlier , " London 's Metropolitan Police said in a statement . No arrests have been made , the police said . Big Sky Studios in London , where the shoot took place , refused to comment . CNN 's Nicola Goulding , Max Foster , Laura Perez Maestro and Jonathan Wald contributed to this report .	Police are investigating disappearance of jewelry from Lindsay Lohan photo shoot Lohan was doing photo spread for Elle magazine Magazine : "  No reason to believe that Lindsay Lohan was in any way responsible " Lohan 's representative told CNN the actress was "  happy to cooperate "
CNN  -- To most owners of the new iPhone , the voice-activated feature called Siri is more than a virtual "  assistant " who can help schedule appointments , find a good nearby pizza or tell you if it 's going to rain . She 's also a she . Siri answers questions in a part-human , part-robot voice that 's deep , briskly efficient and distinctly female .  At least in the U.S. and four other countries . In France and the UK , Siri is male . People describe the app using female pronouns . Her gender has even prompted some users to flood blogs and online forums with sexually suggestive questions for Siri such as "  What are you wearing ? "  Siri 's baffled response : "  Why do people keep asking me this ? " The fuss over Siri 's sex also raises a larger question : From voice-mail systems to GPS devices to Siri and beyond , why are so many computerized voices female ? One answer may lie in biology . Scientific studies have shown that people generally find women 's voices more pleasing than men 's . "  It 's much easier to find a female voice that everyone likes than a male voice that everyone likes , " said Stanford University Professor Clifford Nass , author of "  The Man Who Lied to His Laptop : What Machines Teach Us About Human Relationships . " "  It 's a well-established phenomenon that the human brain is developed to like female voices . " Research suggests this preference starts as early as the womb , Nass said . He cites a study in which fetuses were found to react to the sound of their mother 's voice but not to other female voices . The fetuses showed no distinct reaction to their father 's voice , however . Another answer lies in history . According to some sources , the use of female voices in navigation devices dates back to World War II , when women 's voices were employed in airplane cockpits because they stood out among the male pilots . And telephone operators have traditionally been female , making people accustomed to getting assistance from a disembodied woman 's voice . When automakers were first installing automated voice prompts in cars  "  your door is ajar "  decades ago , their consumer research found that people overwhelmingly preferred female voices to male ones , said Tim Bajarin , a Silicon Valley analyst and president of Creative Strategies Inc. . This may explain why in almost all GPS navigation systems on the market , the default voice is female . One notable exception has been Germany , where BMW was forced to recall a female-voiced navigation system on its 5 Series cars in the late 1990s after being flooded with calls from German men saying they refused to take directions from a woman . "  Cultural stereotypes run deep , " said Nass , who details the BMW episode in his book . Voice casting Most companies that produce automated voices hold auditions for voice actors and collect recordings of them speaking . Then they invite focus groups to listen to the recordings and rate the voices on how well they convey certain attributes : warmth , friendliness , competence and so on . "  It 's casting , " Nass said . "  It 's something Hollywood has known for a long , long time . " Look no further than examples of automated or artificial-intelligence voices in sci-fi movies and TV shows . Voices of authority or menace tend to be male : the homicidal HAL 9000 computer in "  2001 : A Space Odyssey , " the computer program in "  WarGames , " or Auto , the spaceship 's autopilot function in "  Wall-E . " More subservient talking machines , such as the onboard computer from the "  Star Trek " TV series , skew female . Bajarin , the Silicon Valley analyst , believes that more computerized voices would be masculine if not for the associations with HAL , whose malicious intent in the 1968 Stanley Kubrick film was made even creepier by his soothing tone . "  A lot of tech companies stayed away from the male voice because of HAL , " he said . "  I 've heard that theory tossed around multiple times . "  One prominent exception : The chipper "  You 've got mail ! " voice from AOL 's dial-up days . When it comes to consumer applications of computerized voices , the sex of the voice is usually determined by what service or product is employing it . For example , transit systems such as the San Francisco Area 's BART often use higher-pitched voices because they are easier to hear over the clatter of the train cars . Nuance , a Massachusetts-based company that develops speech technologies for Ford vehicles ' SYNC system , Amazon e-readers and other clients , creates both male and female voices . It 's then up to the client to choose which voice , and gender , best fits their product , said chief creative officer Gary Clayton . "  As these products become part of our everyday lives , there 's a huge opportunity for personalization , " added Brant Ward , the company 's director of advanced speech design . "  I could have an approximation of my wife 's voice read me a text message in my car . " Siri : Brilliant or sexist ? Siri , the iPhone 4S 's voice , grew from a five-year research project that was funded by military agency DARPA and led by SRI International , a Bay Area research institute . The project spawned a company , also called Siri , that launched an iPhone app in February 2010 and was acquired by Apple two months later . That original Siri voice-to-text app -- powered in part by Nuance 's technology -- also worked by people speaking commands into their phones , although it did n't talk back . And it had no gender . In fact , the app was originally conceived to speak in a gender-neutral voice , said Norman Winarsky , vice president of SRI and a co-founder of Siri . "  What Apple did is absolutely brilliant , " said Winarsky , who calls speech "  the most natural of all human interfaces . " "  They took Siri and gave it more of a personality , " he said . "  It 's the first real artificial intelligence working in millions of people 's hands . " An Apple spokeswoman declined to comment on why the company gave Siri a female voice in the U.S. Nor would she say why Siri speaks like a man in the UK , where iPhone 4S owners have swarmed online forums to request a female voice instead . "  Eww !! Hope UK gets female voice soon , " wrote one commenter . "  I do n't think anyone in the US cares about male voice option . " Many GPS devices and computer text-to-speech programs now offer multiple voice options . And someday soon , voice-technology experts say , Siri will probably speak in a variety of voices , too . Until then , some bloggers have wondered : Are computerized female "  assistants " sexist ? Not necessarily , said Rebecca Zorach , director of the Social Media Project at the University of Chicago 's Center for the Study of Gender and Sexuality . "  I think they have to be understood in a broader context in which they 're one small piece , " she wrote in an e-mail to CNN . "  Voices intended to convey authority  such as voice-over narration in films  tend to be male . So yes , probably these compliant female robot voices reinforce gender stereotypes , not just because they serve the user but because the technology itself is about communication and relationships  areas that women are presumed to be good at  . "  I would n't automatically claim any sexism in individual companies ' choices , though . Most such decisions are probably the result of market research , so they may be reflecting gender stereotypes that already exist in the general public . " Zorach listened to some sound clips of Siri online , then e-mailed back again . "  What 's interesting to me is how they seem to intentionally make her speech sound artificial -- they could choose to make her speech more seamless and human-like , but they choose instead to highlight the technology , " she said . "  That makes you aware of how high-tech your gadget is . "	Studies have shown people generally find women 's voices more pleasing than men 's Scholar : "  It 's much easier to find a female voice that everyone likes than a male voice " In Germany , some BMW drivers refused to take GPS directions from a woman Tech companies may avoid male computer voices because of HAL from the move "  2001 "
CNN  -- Fifty years ago , America 's living rooms were interrupted with images of peaceful protesters in Selma or Washington or Chicago being bitten by police dogs , sprayed with fire hoses and pummeled by batons . Fifty years later , Americans again are witnessing similar images , this time from Ferguson , Missouri , near St. Louis . The shooting death of Michael Brown and the subsequent police clampdown on protests in 2014 is frighteningly similar to how law enforcement treated civil rights marchers and the media in 1964 . This time , their tools are stun grenades and assault weapons . And again , the press is not just the witness , we have also become the victims . Wesley Lowery , a reporter from the Washington Post who just accepted the National Association of Black Journalists ' Emerging Journalist Award , and Ryan J. Reilly of the Huffington Post , were camped out in a local McDonald 's , simply recharging their phones and laptops , when several St. Louis County police officers dressed in full combat gear decided -- allegedly for safety reasons -- they had to go . When Reilly and Lowery apparently did not move fast enough , they were arrested . They were released a short time later without charges . Yes , law enforcement officers from America 's heartland , sworn to protect American citizens -- black and white -- apparently saw it necessary to defy the first amendment by arresting reporters who were simply doing their jobs . And that is wrong . 2014 , meet 1964 . Fifty years ago , the mainstream media failed miserably because its virtually all-white reporting corps did not have the life experience to explain the reasons behind the protest marches . And stories of the attacks on protesters too often were told from the viewpoint of the police . This created an atmosphere of distrust and hostility and eventually it became unsafe for white reporters to venture into the black community . So media companies responded by hiring Black reporters to cover what became known as the "  Long , Hot Summer " of 1967 -- where more than 100 race riots rocked the United States . By the way , that decision eventually led to the creation of the National Association of Black Journalists . Fast-forward to 2014 , when a police officer fired on an unarmed Brown -- who reportedly had his hands raised in surrender . He died of multiple gunshot wounds . The community erupted . Ferguson police brought in St. Louis County Police to investigate the shooting and to handle the protests . And then all hell broke loose . Wednesday night , the police used tear gas , smoke bombs and stun grenades to break up what reporters described as a peaceful crowd . Perhaps they were too busy with their assault weapons and tactical vehicles to get around to the dogs and fire hoses . I have covered dozens of protests . I have always worn my press credentials . I have experienced the acrid , sweet smell of tear gas during the Occupy Oakland demonstrations in 2013 . Police have manhandled me . Yet , I have never been arrested . What planet are these police officers on ? Where did they get their training ? In what manual is it spelled out that it 's OK to arrest and manhandle peaceful demonstrators , much less exhausted reporters simply trying to file their stories and recharge the cell phones at a McDonald 's ? Journalists are there to report on the protests . We document those people who break into Foot Locker and beauty supply stores for whatever reason . We report on those protesters who bring backpacks filled with bottles , rocks , hammers and spray paint cans , as well as those who march peacefully through the streets to bring attention to a perceived injustice . We also report on police behavior , some of which does not always comply with their own police policy . During Occupy Oakland , reporters documented violations of police procedure . The police department later used our reporting as justification for re-training officers . We ca n't do our jobs if the police look at us the same as a guy wearing a ski mask throwing rocks . We ca n't do our job if we are arrested for shooting video of police behavior . And one note to the St. Louis County Police : You do not have the right to tell reporters to turn off their video cameras . Read the law , please . What is happening in Ferguson is disturbing for many reasons . Forget that the police in Ferguson used chemical weapons and blunt force to break up a peaceful demonstration . Forget that Reilly and Lowery were released without charges after being detained . They also said they had been roughed up . Their arrests should send chills up and down the backs of every citizen ... and news manager . If the police felt it was OK to arrest two reporters for not moving fast enough , you can only imagine how they are treating the residents of Ferguson when the reporters are not there and the cameras are not recording . This is America in 2014 . We can do better . Complete coverage on the Ferguson shooting and protests Join us on Facebook.com / CNNOpinion .	Bob Butler worries about arrests of two journalists covering the protests in Ferguson Local police wearing full combat gear detained reporters at a McDonald 's Butler : What planet are these police officers on ? Where did they get their training ?
CNN  -- The bogeyman of judicial activism is back in the news . We owe the latest round of charges to the chorus of commentators , activists and politicians -- now led by President Obama himself -- fearful that the U.S. Supreme Court will upend part or all of his signature health care law . Like most accusations of activism against the courts , these pre-emptive attacks shed no real light on the constitutional questions at stake . Indeed , it is time to admit how useless -- or worse -- the epithet of judicial activism is . Echoing other critics , Obama claimed that a ruling against the Affordable Care Act would be "  unprecedented and extraordinary " and complained that "  an unelected group of people would somehow overturn a duly constituted and passed law . " Let 's assume the president did not actually mean to imply that no properly enacted law could ever legitimately be found unconstitutional . Instead , let 's examine the broader picture those decrying activism mean to paint : one of an imperial judiciary routinely snatching important policy decisions out of the hands of elected representatives . That picture is false . A 2011 Institute for Justice study , "  Government Unchecked : The False Problem of ` Judicial Activism ' and the Need for Judicial Engagement , " compared the number of laws struck down by the Supreme Court to the number of laws passed by Congress and state legislatures . From 1954 to 2002 , the court struck down , in whole or in part , just two-thirds of one percent of laws passed by Congress and less than one-twentieth of a percent of laws passed by state legislatures . Over those five decades , the court struck , on average , just two federal and nine state laws per year . Toobin : Court 's Obama order a ` hissy fit ' These tiny numbers and percentages of laws struck are generally consistent over time -- including into the Roberts Court era , as a different data set with more recent rulings shows . In the balance of power between the elected and judicial branches , the scales tip heavily toward Congress and state legislatures . Nothing the court might do in the health care case will change that . By the numbers , charges of rampant judicial activism are wildly overblown . Worse , they typically serve as a partisan club intended to foreclose healthy debate on constitutional questions . Obama attempted to hoist conservatives -- for years , advocates of judicial "  restraint " and "  minimalism " -- with their own petard . But this game of gotcha just shows how "  judicial activism " has become code for "  decisions I do n't like . " Both sides play the activism card and demand deference to democratic outcomes , when they like them . Claims of judicial activism have become a substitute for serious thought about the constitutionality of legislative and executive actions , and one that leads to ever-expanding government power . That 's the true meaning of "  deference . " But in our system of government , courts are meant to be "  bulwarks " of liberty , not rubber stamps for government power . Obama gave the game away when he attempted to walk back his initial comments by pointing out that , since the days of the New Deal , the Supreme Court has rarely , if ever , struck down economic legislation . Video : Aide : Obama knows the law That is precisely the problem . As the 11th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals observed in striking down the individual mandate , when Congress exceeds the outer bounds of its authority , "  the Constitution requires judicial engagement , not judicial abdication . " It is no accident that President Obama and other supporters of the health care law are jumping on the judicial activism bandwagon now . But years of judicial abdication in the economic realm should not justify more . If the Supreme Court strikes down part or all of the Affordable Care Act , it will not do much to upset the balance of power between the judicial and elected branches . It might , however , be a small but important step toward jettisoning years of misguided restraint and once again taking constitutional limits on government power seriously . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Lisa Knepper .	Lisa Knepper : Judicial activism charges raised by many over health care and Supreme Court She says Obama , others warn ruling against health care act would overturn duly passed law She says her firm 's study found such "  activism " does n't exist . Few laws felled by court Knepper : Both sides slam "  activism , " demand democratic outcomes , when they like them
CNN  -- While the French offensive to flush out Islamists in northern Mali dominated media coverage this week , news from other African nations certainly has n't stopped . Here are five other stories you might have missed : ` State funeral ' for hundreds of Kenyan lawmakers Throngs of Kenyans wearing black marched down the streets , coffins perched on their shoulders , crooning altered dirges in a mock funeral for lawmakers . When the march came to a halt outside parliament offices in downtown Nairobi , hundreds of caskets lay charred , a defiant message against a recent hefty retirement package lawmakers passed for themselves . The Kenyan president rejected the package , which included a bonus of $ 110,000 each and a state funeral for lawmakers , an honor reserved for presidents and high achievers . The mock caskets were a spoof on the state funerals . Major newspapers in the nation heaped praises on the president and criticized the lawmakers , who had attempted to pass another retirement package in October . "  Africa 's big men behaving badly , " an editorial in the Daily Nation newspaper screamed . "  Drama as civil society members bury greedy MPs , " a story in the Standard read . Good news for Mubarak Former President Hosni Mubarak , once a powerful figure in Egyptian politics , will get a new trial after an appeals court tossed out his life sentence . A judge overturned his conviction for failing to stop the killing of hundreds during the uprising in 2011 . He will remain in prison as he awaits his next court date , likely in April . Compared to the defiant riots that erupted during his trial in June , Egyptians appeared to welcome the news Sunday with shrugged shoulders . During the trial , both sides lunged at one another in court as fiery supporters and foes clashed outside . The nation has spent the last year mired in protests , prompting the Economist to describe it as a "  Dilemocracy . " 20 years and over $ 1B later , U.S. recognizes Somalia After pouring more than $ 1 billion in aid to Somalia , the United States officially recognized the nation 's government for the first time in more than two decades . American officials have not recognized it since warlords toppled dictator Mohamed Siad Barre in 1991 . Clan warlords and militants battled for control , sparking a civil war and mayhem nationwide . Two years later , militants shot down Black Hawk helicopters and killed American forces attempting to raid a warlord in the capital of Mogadishu . U.S. applauded Somalia 's progress , citing its first democratically-elected government and its successful efforts to push out al Qaeda-linked militants . "  We provided more than $ 650 million in assistance to the African Union Mission in Somalia , more than $ 130 million to Somalia 's security forces , " Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said . "  In the past two years , we 've given nearly $ 360 million in emergency humanitarian assistance and more than $ 45 million in development-related assistance to help rebuild Somalia 's economy . " Global uncertainty amid Algerian hostage crisis Algerian forces stormed a gas facility to free foreign hostages without warning other governments , leaving leaders in a series of capitals scrambling to get information on their citizens ' fates . Heavily armed fighters attacked the remote BP facility in the desert this week , holding workers from various nations hostages . Attackers said the raid was a result of the French offensive against Islamist militants in northern Mali . Captives included Americans , Japanese and Britons . Hours after the raid , it was unclear how many hostages had been let go , killed or still held captive . Analysts say Algeria raided the complex to salvage its tough military 's reputation after militants attacked with security forces nearby . "  The temptation to show its strength first and foremost must have been overwhelming for a regime that showed as little weakness in the face of the Arab Spring , " the Telegraph 's Richard Spencer said . The nation has a massive military budget , which makes it influential in stabilizing the region , Anouar Boukhars , a scholar in the Carnegie Endowment 's Middle East program , said in an editorial in The New York Times . Roaring success for South African musician Your African culture may be your ticket to Hollywood , according to a famous South African musician . Lebo M put his stamp on "  The Lion King , " his powerful opening vocal sequence contributing to its appeal as a popular culture phenomenon . More than two decades later , the singer and songwriter still has a passion for what he does . His arrangements captured the spirit of Africa -- and the politics in his home country at the time . "  That 's the hardest thing to do right now -- to tell young people in Nigeria , in Johannesburg , in Ghana that the African in you is your ticket to Hollywood , " he said this week . Before he got the gig , the movie 's producers scoured his hometown of Soweto , looking for him . "  They looked all over , " Lebo said . "  At the time , there was no iPhone ... to find somebody in Soweto , good luck ! "	More than $ 1 billion later , U.S. officially recognizes Somalia Your African culture may be your ticket to Hollywood , singer says Kenyans hold ` state funerals ' for hundreds of lawmakers Algeria hostage crisis escalates
CNN  -- James Holmes called a University of Colorado switchboard nine minutes before he allegedly opened fire at a movie theater in a Denver suburb on July 20 , public defender Tamara Brady said in court Thursday . The number can be used to get in contact with faculty members during off hours , she said . Holmes , 24 , is accused of opening fire during a midnight premiere of the latest Batman movie , "  The Dark Knight Rises , " killing 12 people and injuring 58 others . He has been charged with murder and attempted murder and faces two weapons charges . On Thursday , Holmes appeared before a packed court hearing , which included survivors of the shooting . Dr. Lynne Fenton , his psychiatrist , testified that her contact with Holmes ended on June 11 , and that she later contacted campus police because she was "  so concerned " about what happened during that last meeting , though she declined to elaborate . Colorado shooting victims ' families criticize relief charity Officials said Holmes mailed a notebook to her before the shooting , though it 's not clear whether its contents will be considered admissible in court . Fenton testified that Holmes ' defense team contacted her after the shooting and asked that she send the notebook back to Holmes via them . In 2011 , the University of Iowa rejected Holmes ' graduate application , with one official saying "  Do NOT offer admissions under any circumstances , " according to documents obtained by CNN . A second university official agreed not to make the recommendation for Holmes ' admittance . The suspected gunman was a doctoral candidate studying neuroscience at the University of Colorado 's Anschutz campus in Aurora . But he was "  denied access to the school after June 12 , 2012 , after he made threats to a professor , " according to court documents . Subsequently , Holmes "  started the process to voluntarily withdraw from his graduate studies program . " The University of Colorado said this month that it hired a former U.S. attorney to conduct an independent review into how the school handled Holmes . Holmes said earlier that he wanted to study "  the primary source of all things , our own minds , " according to a personal statement he submitted as part of a graduate studies application at the University of Illinois . The application included the statement , professional references and test scores . Prosecutors : Theater shooting suspect told classmate he wanted to kill people The documents were released by the university , where Holmes applied to the neuroscience department before later opting to attend the University of Colorado . While the documents do little to answer questions about the suspect 's possible motive , they offer insight into Holmes as a student and his aspirations to study the human brain . In the statement , Holmes wrote that he has long been "  fascinated by the complexities of long lost thought seemingly arising out of nowhere into stream of awareness . " "  These fascinations likely stemmed from my interest in puzzles and paradoxes as an adolescent and continued through my curiosity in academic research , " he wrote in the statement , submitted in early 2011 . He titled his resume "  aspiring scientist . " Holmes was described as taking "  an active role in his education , and brings a great amount of intellectual and emotional maturity into the classroom , " according to a letter of reference that appeared to be from one of his former professors . Shackled Holmes in court CNN 's Chelsea J. Carter and Michael Cary contributed to this report	NEW : Holmes called a university switchboard nine minutes before he allegedly opened fire Holmes , 24 , is accused of killing 12 people in a theater shooting in Aurora , Colorado , last month He is charged with murder and attempted murder and faces two weapons charges
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- The U.S. Senate was called to order for 11 seconds on Wednesday as the last political scuffle of the year between the White House and the Democratic-led Congress played out . Democratic senators will hold short "  pro forma " sessions over the holiday break to prevent recess appointments . Nearly all the senators left the Capitol for the Christmas holiday last week , but Democrats are keeping the Senate in session to block President Bush from making any recess appointments -- a constitutional mechanism that allows the president , during congressional recesses , to fill top government posts for up to one year without Senate confirmation . Sen. Jim Webb , D-Virginia , opened and then immediately gaveled the Senate session to a close . He spent 57 seconds in the chamber . Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid , D-Nevada , announced December 19 that he would keep the Senate open with a series of "  pro forma " sessions through mid-January . Talks had just broken down with the White House on a deal that would have allowed the president to make dozens of those appointments if he agreed not to appoint one controversial official , Steven Bradbury , as the permanent head of the influential Office of Legal Counsel at the Justice Department . Bush declined to accept the Democrats ' offer , and Reid refused to approve Bradbury because of concerns about his involvement in crafting legal opinions for the administration on interrogation techniques of terrorism suspects . Similar sessions were conducted over the Thanksgiving recess . Webb also did the duty Friday , but he wo n't be the only senator tasked with presiding over the shortened sessions . Other Democrats -- including Sens. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts , Byron Dorgan of North Dakota , Jack Reed of Rhode Island , Mary Landrieu of Louisiana , Ben Cardin of Maryland and Chuck Schumer of New York -- will share the duty . E-mail to a friend CNN 's Ted Barrett and Vandana Kilaru contributed to this report	Democratic senators will hold short "  pro forma " sessions over the holiday break Sessions usually under one minute long Move prevents President Bush from making recess appointments Bush refused to withdraw one controversial nominee after Democratic offer
CNN  -- People are looking at Nick Jonas ' hand , but not for that famed purity ring . The musician and actor , who shot to fame with his siblings as part of the Jonas Brothers , has posed for some racy photos that have set the Internet on fire . Jonas is featured in a Flaunt magazine spread grabbing his crotch while wearing a pair of Calvin Klein underwear . "  No pants needed . @nickjonas in @CalvinKlein . shot by @yutsai . #mycalvins #thegrindissue , " the magazine tweeted along with photos of the singer , his pants down and baseball cap turned backward . Jonas is currently promoting his new album . As for the purity ring that he famously wore to show he was saving himself for marriage , Jonas has said the jewelry is gone while the faith remains . "  I 've had an incredibly intense journey with faith and religion and my own growth , " he said during a HuffPost Live interview . "  My belief in God is still very strong and important to me as a person and I think that 's all that should matter , " he continued . "  I grew up in a church environment and still have love for the church . "	Nick Jonas appears in a racy magazine spread He used to wear a purity ring to show his chastity He says his belief in God remains strong
BEIJING , China  CNN  -- What 's in a name ? Westerners are more accustomed to names that describe the ingredients and how they are cooked . Local dishes like "  Husband and wife 's lung slice " or "  Chicken without sexual life " conjure lots of furrowed eyebrows on famished foreigners . So , with the Olympics a few short weeks away , China is giving its cuisine a linguistic makeover . It is proposing that restaurants change the names of exotic , but bizarrely named , delicacies to make them more delectable for the estimated 50,000 visitors arriving in August for the Summer Games . The appetizer "  Husband and wife 's lung slice " is taking on the more appetizing "  Beef and ox tripe in chili sauce . " "  Chicken without sexual life " has been transformed into "  Steamed pullet . " The government has put down more than 2,000 proposed names in a 170-page book that it has offered to Beijing hotels , according to state media . "  Thanks to the pamphlet , we do not have to struggle to come up with the English translations of dishes any more , which is usually time consuming , " a senior manager at the four-star Guangzhou Hotel in downtown Beijing told the Xinhua news agency . The Chinese say the names of their dishes focus more on appearance than taste or smell . But Westerners are more accustomed to names that describe the ingredients and how they are cooked -- such as pot roast . The government realizes local names are a matter of taste , but do n't want them to get lost in translation . Hence , the spicy Sichuanese dish "  Bean curd made by a pock-marked woman " has been bestowed the more palatable "  Mapo tofu . " Not everyone is pleased . "  The process of standardizing a menu translation is a double-edged sword , " wrote columnist Raymond Zhou in the China Daily newspaper . It "  removes the ambiguity and unintended humor " and "  takes away the fun and the rich connotation . "  It turns a menu into the equivalent of plain rice , which has the necessary nutrients but is devoid of flavor . "	"  Chicken without sexual life " has been transformed into "  Steamed pullet " The Chinese say the dishes ' names focus more on appearance than taste or smell More than 2,000 proposed names have been offered to Beijing hotels
Washington  CNN  -- Think of pop-tops , and a soda can might come to mind . But Sister Rosemary Nyirumbe sees pop-tops as a way to help hundreds of women in Gulu , Uganda , start a new life . Nyirumbe sells women 's purses made out of the aluminum tabs , and so far she has sold more than 500 purses for about $ 3,000 . All of the proceeds go to the people who made them -- her students at the St. Monica 's Girls ' Tailoring Center . Eight years ago , Nyirumbe started the school in Gulu to help poor young girls and women caught in the middle of the decades-long Ugandan civil war . Many of the women had become mothers after they were abducted and raped by rebels in the Lord 's Resistance Army . Nyirumbe 's school feeds and rehabilitates more than 300 mothers and their babies each year . It also provides free medical care and teaches the mothers valuable life skills , such as sewing , cooking and cleaning . The purses are a relatively new endeavor and just one of the many ways her school is helping students who have been deeply traumatized and need money to support themselves . "  I got this idea , and it took me about two weeks to teach myself and my students , " Nyirumbe said during a recent trip to the U.S. "  It 's really changing their lives , because they are paid for what they produce . " In 2007 , Nyirumbe was recognized as a CNN Hero for her efforts with the school . "  It raised a lot of awareness about what we 're doing , because after that , it exposed me to many people in the world , " she said . "  It has really made a lot of people come to understand the importance of supporting us . " However , the needs are still many . For example , there is no electricity at the school . "  We have a generator which we can use for about two hours , but the cost of fuel is so high that we can not maintain it , " she said . "  Uganda is a country which is developing , and technology is available . But in my case , I live in a place where there 's no electricity . " The school is also next to a prison , but Nyirumbe said she saw that as an opportunity , not an obstacle . She said that as she drove by one day , she knew that inside there were people she could help . "  I went to the prison authority and asked them if they would let the women come out , and they told me to put it in writing . I did , and now the children are coming to our center from the prison , " she said . Nyirumbe , who joined the sisterhood when she was just 15 , says that since being named a CNN Hero , she has seen a marked increase in publicity , awareness and trust . Doctors , lawyers and professional athletes from the U.S. now routinely travel to her school . But she gets her most satisfaction from seeing "  these girls working with their heads up . They have their dignity restored , and they can support themselves and they can take care of their children . And they love their children . " At 54 , Nyirumbe is not planning to slow down anytime soon . A second school north of Gulu and close to the border with Sudan is now being built . "  I think I see everything as a kind of plan of God for me , and it gives me the energy , it gives me the joy to be where I am and to work in a difficult situation , " she said . "  And I think if I was someone always unhappy or ... I was not giving joy to the people , I would not accept to take care of these girls who have suffered a lot . " She then paused before adding determinedly , "  Yes , I will continue . " Donations for Nyirumbe 's school can be made through the Rural Hospital Relief Fund .	Sister Rosemary Nyriumbe , a 2007 CNN Hero , is still making a difference in Uganda Her school is rehabilitating women who were abducted and raped during a long civil war One way the students make money is by the sales of women 's purses they make Nyirumbe says a second school is now being built close to the Sudan border
LOS ANGELES , California  AP  -- Joey Bishop , the stone-faced comedian who found success in nightclubs , television and movies but became most famous as a member of Frank Sinatra 's Rat Pack , has died at 89 . Joey Bishop was the last surviving member of the Rat Pack . He was the group 's last surviving member . Peter Lawford died in 1984 , Sammy Davis Jr. in 1990 , Dean Martin in 1995 , and Sinatra in 1998 . Bishop died Wednesday night of multiple causes at his home in Newport Beach , publicist and longtime friend Warren Cowan said Thursday . The Rat Pack -- originally a social group surrounding Humphrey Bogart -- became a show business sensation in the early 1960s , appearing at the Sands Hotel in Las Vegas in shows that combined music and comedy in a seemingly chaotic manner . Reviewers often claimed that Bishop played a minor role , but Sinatra knew otherwise . He termed the comedian "  the Hub of the Big Wheel , " with Bishop coming up with some of the best one-liners and beginning many jokes with his favorite phrase , "  Son of a gun ! " The quintet lived it up whenever members were free of their own commitments . They appeared together in such films as "  Ocean 's Eleven " and "  Sergeants 3 " and proudly gave honorary membership to a certain fun-loving politician from Massachusetts , John F. Kennedy , at whose inauguration gala Bishop served as master of ceremonies . The Rat Pack faded after Kennedy 's assassination , but the late 1990s brought a renaissance , with the group depicted in an HBO movie and portrayed by imitators in Las Vegas and elsewhere . The movie "  Ocean 's Eleven " was even remade in 2003 with George Clooney and Brad Pitt in the lead roles . Bishop defended his fellow performers ' rowdy reputations in a 1998 interview . "  Are we remembered as being drunk and chasing broads ? " he asked . "  I never saw Frank , Dean , Sammy or Peter drunk during performances . That was only a gag . And do you believe these guys had to chase broads ? They had to chase 'em away . " Away from the Rat Pack , Bishop starred in two TV series , both called "  The Joey Bishop Show . " The first , an NBC sitcom , got off to a rocky start in 1961 . Critical and audience response was generally negative , and the second season brought a change in format . The third season brought a change in network , with the show moving to ABC , but nothing seemed to help and it was canceled in 1965 . In the first series , Bishop played a TV talk show host . Then , he really became a TV talk show host . His program was started by ABC in 1967 as a challenge to Johnny Carson 's immensely popular "  The Tonight Show . " Like Carson , Bishop sat behind a desk and bantered with a sidekick , TV newcomer Regis Philbin . But despite an impressive guest list and outrageous stunts , Bishop could n't dent Carson 's ratings , and "  The Joey Bishop Show " was canceled after two seasons . Philbin remembered Bishop fondly . "  It was the thrill of my life to be chosen by Joey as the announcer for his talk show on ABC back in the '60s , " he said in a statement . "  I learned a lot about the business of making people laugh . He was a master comedian and a great teacher and I will never forget those days or him . " After the talk show 's cancellation , Bishop became a familiar guest figure in TV variety shows and as sub for vacationing talk show hosts , filling in for Carson 205 times . He also played character roles in such movies as "  The Naked and the Dead "  "  I played both roles "  , "  Onion-head , " "  Johnny Cool , " "  Texas Across the River , " "  Who 's Minding the Mint ? " "  Valley of the Dolls " and "  The Delta Force . " His comedic schooling came from vaudeville , burlesque and nightclubs . Skipping his last high school semester in Philadelphia , he formed a music and comedy act with two other boys , and they played clubs in Pennsylvania and New Jersey . They called themselves the Bishop Brothers , borrowing the name from their driver , Glenn Bishop . Joseph Abraham Gottlieb would eventually adopt Joey Bishop as his stage name . When his partners got drafted , Bishop went to work as a single , playing his first solo date in Cleveland at the well-named El Dumpo . During these early years he developed his style : laid-back drollery , with surprise throwaway lines . After 3 1/2 years in the Army , Bishop resumed his career in 1945 . Within five years he was earning $ 1,000 a week at New York 's Latin Quarter . Sinatra saw him there one night and hired him as opening act . While most members of the Sinatra entourage treated the great man gingerly , Bishop had no inhibitions . He would tell audiences that the group 's leader had n't ignored him : "  He spoke to me backstage ; he told me , ` Get out of the way . ' " When Sinatra almost drowned filming a movie scene in Hawaii , Bishop wired him : "  I thought you could walk on water . " Born in New York 's borough of the Bronx , Bishop was the youngest of five children of two immigrants from Eastern Europe . When he was 3 months old the family moved to South Philadelphia , where he attended public schools . He recalled being an indifferent student , once remarking , "  In kindergarten , I flunked sand pile . " In 1941 Bishop married Sylvia Ruzga and , despite the rigors of a show business career , the marriage survived until her death in 1999 . Bishop , who spent his retirement years on the upscale Lido Isle in Southern California 's Newport Bay , is survived by son Larry Bishop ; grandchildren Scott and Kirk Bishop ; and longtime companion Nora Garabotti . E-mail to a friend	Comedian Joey Bishop dies at home in Los Angeles With Frank Sinatra , Dean Martin , Sammy Davis Jr. , Bishop was in Rat Pack Bishop had late - '60s talk show ; sidekick was Regis Philbin
CNN  -- A Swedish wrestler who discarded his bronze medal in a protest during the presentation ceremony has been stripped of the award and disqualified from the tournament in Beijing . A disgruntled Abrahamian drops his bronze medal before leaving the arena during the presentation ceremony . The International Olympic Committee said it was also officially disqualifying Ara Abrahamian , 35 , from his event , Greco-Roman wrestling . Abrahamian was beaten in the 84-kilogram class by eventual gold medal winner Andrea Minguzzi of Italy . He complained that "  blatant errors in judging " caused him to lose the match and said he felt that he deserved the gold . The Swede shouted at the referee before confronting the judges . During Thursday 's presentation ceremony , he took off his medal and left it in the center of the competition mat before walking off . The IOC said Abrahamian violated two rules of the Olympic charter , one that bans any sort of demonstrations and another that demands respect for all Olympic athletes . "  The awards ceremony is a highly symbolic ritual , acknowledged as such by all athletes and other participants , " the IOC said . "  Any disruption by any athlete , in particular a medalist , is in itself an insult to the other athletes and to the Olympic Movement . It is also contrary to the spirit of fair play . " Abrahamian never expressed regret or offered an apology , the IOC said . The international weightlifting federation was asked to consider further sanctions against him . His medal was the third stripped at the Beijing Games . On Friday , North Korean shooter Kim Jong Su had his silver and bronze medals taken away after failing a doping test . Also expelled for doping violations have been Spanish cyclist Maria Isabel Moreno and Vietnamese gymnast Thi Ngan Thuong Do . Abrahamian 's case is not the first of its kind . A weightlifter at the 1992 Barcelona Olympics was stripped of his bronze medal after rejecting it during the medal ceremony . Ibragim Samadov , competing in the light heavyweight category for the Unified Team of the former Soviet Union , was upset with his performance and refused to have the medal placed around his neck and only accepted it in his hand . He then put it down and walked off . Samadov later apologized , but the IOC upheld its decision to disqualify him , and he was later banned for life by the sport 's governing body .	Swede Ara Abrahamian disqualified from Olympics , stripped of bronze medal He discarded the medal at the presentation ceremony in protest of judging IOC says he violated rules banning demonstrations , requiring respect His medal was the third stripped at the Beijing Games
WASHINGTON  CNN  -- President Bush condemned the escalated violence between Russia and U.S.-backed Georgia on Sunday , while Vice President Dick Cheney said aggression against Georgia "  must not go unanswered . " President Bush chats with Russian Prime Minister Vladmir Putin at the start of the Olympic opening ceremonies . "  My administration has been engaged with both sides of this trying to get a ceasefire , " Bush told NBC 's Bob Costas in an interview in Beijing , China , where the president has attended Olympic events . Bush was filmed speaking to Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin during Friday 's opening ceremonies and said Sunday that he "  was firm with Vladimir Putin " and that "  this violence is unacceptable . " Violence has continued to rage between Russia and the western ally since Thursday , when Georgia launched an operation to crack down on separatists in South Ossetia territory . Russia said it wanted to protect its peacekeepers already in South Ossetia following ceasefires in years past . But Georgia called it a full-on invasion . And while Russia has accused Georgia of a genocidal plot to cleanse the region of ethnic Ossetians loyal to Russia , Georgia accuses Russia of executing a long-planned war with the aim of taking control of the region -- including a key pipeline that carries Asian oil to Black Sea ports . "  I expressed my grave concern about the disproportionate response of Russia , " Bush said of his talk with Putin . "  We strongly condemn bombing outside of South Ossetia . " Putin says he 's concerned about the flood of refugees arriving in Russia from South Ossetia . Russian officials said more than 30,000 refugees have left South Ossetia and crossed into Russia over the past two days , Interfax reported . "  The actions of the Georgian authorities in South Ossetia are a crime , of course , primarily a crime against their own people , " Putin said , according to Russian news agency Interfax . Meanwhile , Cheney talked to Georgian President Mikheil Saakashvili on Sunday , telling him that Russia 's aggression against Georgia "  must not go unanswered . " Cheney 's spokeswoman Lea Ann McBride said the vice president spoke to Saakashvili to express "  the United States ' solidarity with the Georgian people and their democratically elected government in the face of this threat to Georgia 's sovereignty and territorial integrity . " Georgia withdrew its forces Sunday and offered a ceasefire , which Russia refused . "  The vice president told President Saakashvili that Russian aggression must not go unanswered , and that its continuation would have serious consequences for its relations with the United States , as well as the broader international community , " McBride said . Saakashvili has called on the United States and the world community to stop the "  intervention and invasion of my sovereign country . " "  I think the U.S. is the most powerful country in the world , " he told CNN . "  I think the U.S. has lots of leverage . And I think there are lots of diplomatic means that it could be done through . " Two senior officials have told CNN the United States sent envoy Matt Bryza to the region to help with mediation .	NEW : Bush says he was "  firm " with Putin and that the "  violence is unacceptable " Vice President Dick Cheney said Russian aggression "  must not go unanswered " Violence has continued to rage between Russia and western ally Georgia
CNN  -- For thirty-two years I have been actively involved in the ongoing efforts to help bring Nazi war criminals to justice -- and the most common question I am asked concerns the age of the perpetrators . Is it still worthwhile to prosecute elderly Holocaust perpetrators ? Personally , I never doubted the validity of these efforts , but because the question is understandable and deserves a serious answer , I want to present the case for continued prosecution . Firstly , the passage of time in no way diminishes the guilt of those who participated in the Holocaust . Had these criminals been prosecuted decades ago , when they were far younger , the importance of the effort to bring them to justice would not have been questioned . They are just as guilty today as the day they committed their crime -- and they do not deserve a prize for eluding justice for so long . Germany seeks to prosecute former Nazi camp guard living in U.S. Second , old age should not grant protection to murderers . Reaching the age of 85 or 90 does not turn a mass murderer into a Righteous Gentile . The only issue of concern is a person 's mental and physical health . There is no reason to ignore someone 's crimes simply because they were born in 1915 -- as was Laszlo Csatary , who at least until recently was still driving his car . Third , every victim of the Nazis deserves that an effort be made to find the person  s  who turned them -- innocent men , women and children -- into victims , simply because they were classified as "  enemies of the Third Reich . " Ignoring any of the perpetrators simply because of age would be a betrayal of their victims . The continuing pursuit of Nazi war criminals sends a powerful message about the importance of holding genocidists accountable . If we want to prevent future crimes of the scope of the Holocaust , it has to be crystal-clear that persons who commit such crimes will almost certainly be caught and punished . Unfortunately , that has not been the case for all those who committed Holocaust crimes -- a reality which made tragedies like Cambodia , Rwanda , Bosnia and Darfur much more possible . Lastly , the trials of Nazi war criminals and collaborators are a very powerful tool in the ongoing fight against Holocaust denial and distortion . They are an important addition to the existing documentation of the mass murders and emphasize the necessity of identifying those responsible . In that respect , the significance of the Shoa , or the Holocaust , and the reason its lessons are so crucial for mankind is that it was not an earthquake , tsunami or volcano , but rather a manmade tragedy carried out by human beings against their fellow humans . There are two other elements that often surface in discussing the continued prosecution of Nazi war criminals . The first concerns the issue of "  superior orders " and the second relates to the question of regret . The cartoonist who kickstarted career in German POW camp Ever since the Nuremberg trials , international law -- created in the wake of World War II and the Holocaust -- has rejected the alibi of superior orders and emphasized individual criminal responsibility , that every individual is responsible for his or her deeds , and must bear the consequences , even if they were ordered to do so by a person with a higher rank . Thus , Ivan  John  Demjanjuk for example , was convicted of "  accessory to murder " in a German court in May 2011 , for his service as an armed SS guard in the Sobibor death camp , where he was part of the group which carried out the murders under the orders of their superiors . What of the mindset of the accused ? Many people have suggested that since many years have passed since the crimes were committed , the perpetrators probably regret their misdeeds , a factor which would ostensibly weaken the rationale for prosecution . While there may have been a few such cases of this , I have never encountered a single regretful or remorseful one in decades of dealing with dozens of Nazi murderers of many different nationalities , religions , occupations and walks of life . If anything my experience has taught me just the opposite . Even 50 and 60 years after the events , and with so much information easily available on the Holocaust in their countries of origin and/or residence , they remain proud of the murder of so many innocent Jews and other enemies of the Third Reich . The views expressed in this piece are solely those of Dr. Efraim Zuroff .	Zuroff : Age does n't diminish the crimes of Nazi war criminals Germany seeking to prosecute alleged ex-Nazi camp guard living in U.S. Zuroff : Every victim of the Nazis deserves an effort to bring them to justice Zuroff : Trials of Nazi war criminals are powerful tool in fight against Holocaust denial
CNN  -- The underwater drone scanning the ocean for Malaysia Airlines Flight 370 ended its eighth mission Monday , having covered about two thirds of its intended territory without finding any sign of the missing plane . This has been the case for 45 days now , which seems like an eternity for the relatives of the 239 passengers and crew on board , still hoping for a miracle or , at least , closure . "  Emotionally , it 's up and down . You know ? Sometimes , I 'm OK . Sometimes , so-so . Sometimes -- always -- very sad , " said Nur Laila Ngah , whose husband worked on the flight 's cabin crew . The couple had been planning to celebrate their 13th anniversary this year . They have three children , ages 12 , 10 and 8 . Recalling a conversation she had with her husband before he left , Laila said : "  I was asking him , ` are we going to have the next 13 years together ? ' Of course . " About their children , she said : "  They have faith that their father will be coming back . " The Bluefin-21 began its eighth mission Sunday , surveying the bottom of the southern Indian Ocean for traces of the Boeing 777 . It is expected to start its ninth mission later Monday . These efforts may be a main focus of the search , but they are n't the only part . Australia 's Joint Agency Coordination Centre announced Monday morning that up to 10 military aircraft and 11 ships would participate in the day 's search . Previously , acting Malaysian Transport minister Hishammuddin Hussein said that "  experts have narrowed down the search area . " But are they actually closer to finding anything ? "  It 's difficult to say , " Hishammuddin conceded , adding the search "  is at a critical juncture . " "  I appeal to everybody around the world , " he said , "  to pray and pray hard that we find something to work on over the next couple of days . " The failure to find clues to the plane 's disappearance does not mean that the operation will stop , only that other approaches -- such as a wider scope or the use of other assets -- may be considered , Hishammuddin told reporters . "  The search will always continue . " Still , he said , "  With every passing day , the search has become more and more difficult . " Mother Nature is n't making this task much easier . Tropical Cyclone Jack is circulating northwest of the search area . And while it wo n't hit directly , this system should increase winds and rains . Malaysian authorities briefed families of people aboard Flight 370 behind closed doors Sunday afternoon in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia . Selamat Bin Omar , whose 29-year-old son was a passenger , told CNN that officials dealt with practical matters , such as how the families could make bank transactions . Hamid Ramlan , whose daughter and son-in-law were on the plane , said he learned nothing new at the briefing . "  I believe that the government did n't try to hide something , or hide any information from us . They are telling the truth . But then , mostly the members of victims , the families , they do not want to believe , " he said . His wife falls into that category . "  My wife can not accept that . She still believes that the airplane was hijacked . She believes that my daughter is still alive . " Passengers ' relatives list questions It was early on March 8 when Flight 370 set off from the Malaysian capital of Kuala Lumpur , destined for Beijing . The plane never made it . What happened has been a confounding mystery , with the frustration of passengers ' family members compounded by a scarcity of details from authorities . New bits of information that have come out six weeks later may help round out the picture but do n't answer the main question : Why did the plane go off course , and where is it now ? These recent developments include a senior Malaysian aviation source 's assertion that the jetliner deviated from its flight path while inside Vietnamese airspace . It turned left , then climbed to 39,000 feet -- below its maximum safe limit of 43,100 feet -- and maintained that altitude for about 20 minutes over the Malay Peninsula before beginning to descend , the source said . Malaysia Airlines has declined to answer CNN 's questions on various matters -- including the fact that , according to the source , the missing jet was equipped with four emergency locator transmitters . When triggered by a crash , ELTs are designed to transmit their location to a satellite . Relatives of people aboard the jetliner have drawn up 26 questions that they want addressed by Malaysian officials , who are to meet with them next week in Beijing . Most of the Flight 370 passengers were Chinese . Among them : What 's in the flight 's log book ? Can they review the jet 's maintenance records ? Can they listen to recordings of the Boeing 777 pilot 's conversations with air traffic controllers just before contact was lost ? Hishammuddin has defended his government 's handling of the operation and accused members of the media of focusing on the Chinese families . He said relatives of passengers and crew from other nations represented have not had problems . "  The most difficult part of any investigation of this nature is having to deal with the families , " he said . CNN 's Nic Robertson , Sumnima Udas , Aaron Cooper , Tom Watkins , Todd Borek , Pamela Boykoff , Mitra Mobasherat , Ivan Watson , Brian Todd , Elizabeth Joseph and Erin Burnett contributed to this report .	NEW : Underwater drone finishes 8th mission , still no trace of missing plane NEW : Up to 10 aircraft , 11 ships to participate in Monday 's search , agency says "  They have faith that their father will be coming back , " says wife of missing crew member Flight 370 went missing 44 days ago ; the search area has "  narrowed , " official says
CNN  -- For 34 years , she has obsessed about food , relationships , work , and her mother -- but now Cathy the comic-strip character is about to say goodbye . Creator Cathy Guisewite says she is ending the comic strip in October in order to spend more time with her family and pursue new creative ventures . The strip , which has run in some 1,400 newspapers , will run for the last time October 3 , according to Universal Uclick , the syndicate . "  After almost 34 years of meeting newspaper deadlines , " Guisewite said in a statement , "  I 'm facing some personal deadlines whose requirements simply exceed my ability to procrastinate any longer : an 18-year-old daughter who needs a full-time mom to help her through her last year of high school and beyond ... beloved parents I want to be able to visit more often ... and a creative biological clock , which is urging me to try something else while I can . " Cathy has been a hit with people who appreciated her comic neuroses , which often resulted in her trademark exclamation , "  AACK ! " As a result , she has been featured on everything from refrigerator magnets and coffee mugs to calendars and T-shirts . The titles of Cathy book collections reveal the character 's obsession with weight , food , shopping and shoes : Abs of Steel , Buns of Cinnamon  1997  ; Shoes : Chocolate for the Feet  2000  ; and Wake Me Up When I 'm a Size 5  1985  . An early collection from 1982 had a cover showing Cathy on her sofa , surrounded by her TV , snacks , and a teddy bear . The title : Another Saturday Night of Wild and Reckless Abandon . Guisewite began the strip when she started working in the mid-1970s , said Lee Salem , president and editor of Universal Uclick . "  Cathy Guisewite would send her mother drawings describing the latest trauma in her life as a single young career woman , and in response , her mother urged her to try her hand at a comic strip , " Salem said in a statement . "  The day the submission arrived in our office , we had a contract out to Cathy in return mail . Seven months later , the strip began in newspapers . " It was n't an immediate hit , but Cathy steadily gained popularity and eventually appeared in hundreds of newspapers . There are more than 30 Cathy books . "  Cathy has held a distinguished place in newspaper comic sections for more than three decades because of Cathy Guisewite 's skillful hand , " said Salem . "  Cathy balances truth and humor and speaks to women in a way that few comics have ever attempted . She is a cultural icon and her strip has earned its place among the modern greats . "	` Cathy ' has run in hundreds of newspapers for 34 years Cathy 's comic neuroses have made her a popular character Creator Cathy Guisewite says it will end in October Guisewite wants to spend more time with her family
CNN  -- In all of the fallout surrounding the prisoner exchange for Army Sgt. Bowe Bergdahl , let 's get these points out of the way : the case for leaving no soldier behind is a sound and important one -- a way to keep faith with our troops . There is historical precedent for the exchange of prisoners . President Obama likely has the legal authority he needs , as commander in chief , to order a swap . Did the president notify Congress -- as in the Democratic chairwoman of the Senate Intelligence Committee -- in a timely manner beforehand ? No . Had this been a matter of some internal controversy for years precisely because of the nature of any trade ? Yes . Was the White House aware of the questionable circumstances of Bergdahl 's disappearance ? Yes . Should National Security Adviser Susan Rice have thought twice before describing him as someone who "  served with honor and distinction . " Yes , because the jury is most definitely out on that one . Should the President have held a triumphal newser in the Rose Garden to announce the release and swap ? Um , no . Absolutely no . "  The point is , you have to get him home as a way to keep faith with our troops , " says a former senior national security official . "  Everybody gets that . Then you deal with him and the circumstances of his departure . " As for the ceremony in the President 's backyard ? "  That was surreal , " he says . "  Truly . " Opinion : Five tough ethics issues in Bergdahl swap In a way , it 's all surreal and hard to unspool . So let 's start at the policy end of all of this . This is a president whose legacy is up for grabs . One important piece : ending two wars  Iraq and Afghanistan  and capturing and killing Osama bin Laden . "  This  The Bergdahl swap  is tying up loose ends , " says another former senior national security source . "  The administration made the decision not to leave any people there , so that was that . " The Republicans , of course , argue that a virtually 100 % withdrawal is wrong . That the President should have instead planned for a gradual withdrawal , depending on circumstances on the ground . Then he might not have felt such pressure to clear the decks and cut this deal . Or do a victory lap in the Rose Garden . It is , they charge , pure politics . Then Obama played right into their hands . Trouble is , Republicans are playing at it , too . They 're tweeting their joy about Bergdahl 's release one minute , then un-tweeting it the next . Republican Sen. Lindsey Graham charged that this is the President 's backdoor way of emptying out Guantanamo without having to close it . Please . Who are the Gitmo detainees ? This is a serious matter . Years of internal deliberations have gone into this , according to my sources . That 's why the White House needs to make it clear why the swap was a matter so urgent that there was n't enough time to notify the appropriate people , much less consult with them . Was Bergdahl swap legal ? Depends on who you ask Understandably , there were concerns about his safety . And even given all the delicacies of revealing health issues , it 's still an important matter to explain . Because right now , it looks like the lack of consultation is about one thing : the knowledge that there would be pushback . And , as one source puts it , "  fighting over process is always easier than fighting over substance . " In other words , it 's easier to apologize than ask for permission . Now the administration has fights on both of those fronts . At least they 're consistent : micromanaging foreign policy from the west wing has always been a hallmark . Not that it wins you any friends -- or political support . Guess it 's too late for that now . If this were Netflix , a replica of SEAL Team Six could have swooped in to the rescue , just like they did in 2011 . Ironically , my sources say , the bin Laden raid itself complicated events : If Bergdahl was in Pakistan , would that inflame an already inflamed relationship due to the bin Laden raid ? Was the intel good enough ? Was the considerable risk worth it ? Taliban video shows Bowe Bergdahl 's release in Afghanistan The backdrop to all of this is that the same questions that are now being raised publicly had been raised internally for years -- about what a "  fair " trade would include . As CNN 's Elise Labott has reported , then-Secretary of State Hillary Clinton was skeptical of early plans to trade five Gitmo prisoners for Bergdahl . And as my national security source adds , "  people opposed the deal because it was n't great . " But , he adds , "  they were also looking at a deal that would provoke negotiations with the Taliban . " Hillary Clinton wanted tougher deal for Bergdahl That is not the case now . The conflict is winding down . We 're leaving Afghanistan . No one left behind . Sgt. Bergdahl gets to go home . What lingers , sadly , is the unsettling reality that five really , really bad guys have a ticket home , too .	Gloria Borger : Many of the questions surrounding Bergdahl swap are answerable But she says it 's hard to understand why there was a Rose Garden announcement Should Susan Rice have said he served with "  honor and distinction " ? Borger : Obama 's decision to pull out of Afghanistan may have dictated swap
Bil ` in , West Bank  CNN  -- Tear gas , stun grenades , rubber bullets and rocks : It must be Friday afternoon in the West Bank village of Bil ` in . It 's billed as a nonviolent protest against what Israel calls its security barrier , what the Palestinians call the apartheid separation wall . The barrier separates the villagers from their farmlands . Protesters come from all over the world to support the Palestinian cause . A few Palestinian youths covering their faces with scarves throw stones at a couple dozen Israeli soldiers in full riot gear and armed with tear gas , stun grenades and bullets . The protest soon degenerates into chaos as it has nearly every week for the past five years . Six protesters have been killed in Bil ` in and the neighboring village of Na'alin since July 2008 , according to the Palestinian group , Popular Struggle , one of several organizers of the weekly protests . Several hundred have been injured by tear gas canisters and Israeli bullets . One hundred Israeli soldiers have been injured from stone throwing , according to the Israeli military . The organizers say they have little control over the youths who prefer to throw stones at the rallies . They insist that non-violence is the best weapon they have to fight against Israel 's wall and occupation . Israel has increased its nighttime raids into the West Bank in recent months , arresting those it believes have acted violently or those who are suspected of organizing the protests . "  They can not be above the law , and that 's what we 're dealing with , " Israel Defense Forces spokesman , Peter Lerner said , referring to the protest organizers . Critics say Israel is simply arresting those who oppose its policies towards the Palestinians . Mohamed Othman , one of the organizers of Stop the Wall campaign , was detained in September upon his return from Norway where he was lobbying the government for support . He said he was held for four months -- three in solitary confinement -- then released without charge . Israel does not comment on these cases . "  We can see that Israel is starting to be afraid of the popular resistance because it 's coming from inside the people and the people decide , " Othman said . Israel has arrested at least 150 protesters from the two villages ' demonstrations over the past two years , according to Popular Struggle . More than 30 are still locked up , the organization said . The Israeli military told CNN it was checking those figures . One coordinator of the Bil ` in Popular Committee Against the Wall , Abdallah Abu Rahmah , also a teacher , was arrested in December . One of the charges against him was arms possession for collecting tear gas canisters used by the Israeli military against demonstrators and showcasing them . The anti-wall demonstrators say this is a grass-roots movement . The Israeli military accuses those it has arrested of incitement . The IDF denies it has changed its tactics in dealing with the anti-wall protesters , even though the number being arrested has risen sharply . The IDF on the ground now considers Bil ` in a closed military zone on Fridays . CNN was refused access by Israeli military forces stationed outside the village , who said only those who lived in the neighborhood could enter . But IDF spokesman Peter Lerner said the closure was meant only for protesters . A few hours later , in Bil ` in , the Israeli soldiers withdrew from the village under cover of tear gas . Some Palestinian youths followed them with stones , while the vast majority of nonviolent protesters head home . Same time , same place , next Friday .	Protesters , Israeli soldiers clash every Friday afternoon in two West Bank villages Object of protest is Israel 's security barrier ; Palestinians call it a wall of separation Palestinian group : Six protesters have been killed in two villages since July 2008 Despite the mayhem , protest is billed by organizers as nonviolent
Editor 's note : Journalist Karl Penhaul spent several weeks tracking the gangs of the Mexican underworld , the corrupt officials who support them and the cops trying to halt the violence . This is the second of three exclusive reports . Part one looked at the violent rules gangs live by . The faithful leave this "  Holy Death " statue offerings including cigarettes and cocaine , visible in the nose . CULIACAN , Mexico  CNN  -- A baseball cap dangles from a cement cross . The slogan on the hat reads "  power , money , respect . " On the brim there 's the logo of the classic gangster movie "  Scarface . " Etched on the gravestone , the words : "  Jesus Guadalupe Parra . 12 December 1986 to 25 August 2008 . " "  Lupito , " as friends and family knew him , went down in a hail of bullets before he reached 22 . Authorities said he died alongside three others in a gunfight with a rival drug gang high in the Sierra Madre mountain range that is the backbone of Mexico 's Pacific coast state of Sinaloa . A printed banner draped over his tomb offers a deeper insight . It shows a photo of him alongside a marijuana plantation and an AK-47 assault rifle fitted with a 100-round ammunition drum . The drab grave of this cartel triggerman , at the Jardines de Humaya cemetery in state capital Culiacan , stands in stark contrast to the mausoleums of dead capos , or drug bosses . Those are elaborate two - and three-story constructions , some perhaps 25 feet high , made of bullet-proof glass , Italian marble and spiral iron staircases . A bricklayer at work in the cemetery told me the fanciest cost between $ 75,000 and $ 150,000 . He said grateful drug barons often pay for loyal hitmen to be buried here , the city 's toniest graveyard . Like so many other people we 've met over the last few weeks , he declined to give his name or speak on camera . "  I ca n't . El patron -LSB- the boss -RSB- would kill me , " he said . Days later I track down Lupito 's cousin , Giovanni Garcia , on the phone . He 's an undertaker and by coincidence he took the call that Lupito had been shot . "  My cousin loved that way of life , " Garcia said briefly before turning down a recorded interview . "  We ca n't talk . You must understand how things are around here these days . It 's not a good time . " That Sunday , I linger at Lupito 's graveside . Three young men show up . They look about the same age as the dead gunman , the same cropped-hair , one heavily scarred around his eye . In the breeze they struggle to light a dozen foot-high candles . I introduce myself . A few grunts later and I can see this conversation is going nowhere fast . "  We could n't make it to the burial . This is the first time we 've come to pay our respects , " one of them explained . He never offered his name . Drug rivalries have been known to spill over at funerals so many mourners opt to stay away leaving only the closest relatives to bury their dead quietly and without public complaints . I stick around hoping to meet more talkative mourners . My wait is cut short . A fourth man appears between the tombstones some 20 yards away , apparently having seen me . As he talks into a phone I hear him say : "  Hey , take your chance . Go grab f**king baldy . " I look around . No other bald men in sight -- just me . Time to leave . At Jardines de Humaya and across town at the 21 de Marzo cemetery , rows of recently dug graves are filled with the young foot soldiers of Mexico 's drug war . A crosscheck of their names in the obituary columns of the local newspaper reveal tales of men in their late teens and early 20s , gunned down in firefights , shot in cold blood on their doorsteps or killed in prison clashes . Jesus Gaston earns around $ 40 for every three graves he digs . But he can see the lure of easy money in the drug trade is little more than a mirage . "  The easy money lasts for just a few days because it 's all about time before they kill you too . You kill somebody and somebody will come back for you , " he said . "  Some how , some way they will find you . " When the reality boils down to kill or be killed , it 's unsurprising the hitmen and the narco-traffickers want to improve their odds of survival . Most days , you can hear a brass band or a cowboy trio thumping out tunes in a small building on a Culiacan side street . It 's a shrine to a highway robber called Jesus Malverde . In the century since he died he 's become known as the patron saint of the drug trade . Watch men pay respects to their narco-saint " Men in cowboy hats and ostrich-skin boots duck in and out of view . Some try to conceal their faces behind a musician 's trombone or tuba . The day I dropped in , one man was paying around $ 600 for a band to play for three hours . Off camera he told me it was his way of repaying a favor to Malverde . I asked him about that favor and he said he was celebrating a bumper harvest -- of beans and corn . He said he was shy about appearing on camera . I told another man , who gave his name as "  Rosario , " that he looked like a stereotypical narco . He had the ostrich-skin cowboy boots and shaved head . Besides that he seemed to be spending a small fortune , by Mexican standards , on live music , foot-high candles and fresh flowers to place at Malverde 's altar . Rosario laughed off my suggestion and laughed again in my face as he told me he was paying tribute to Malverde after a good few months working as a carpet fitter in Arizona . It was refreshing to find a straight-talking trombone player at the shrine , Jaime Laveaga . He makes his living playing music and he 's clear about who his main clients are . "  It sounds bad to say it but Culiacan is a city with a big drug mafia . They like brass band music and they love to celebrate -- 15th birthdays , weddings , family birthdays . They even celebrate their dogs ' birthdays , " he explained . Needless to say , the Catholic Church takes a dim view of those who worship Malverde and another growing cult known as the "  Holy Death , " which critics say is also popular among thieves and narcos . "  People are looking for easy solutions where they do n't have to make any sacrifices . If they do n't find any support for their killings or their drug trafficking from the Catholic Church then they look for other options , " Father Esteban Robles , spokesman for the Culiacan diocese told me . "  They 're looking for something that will justify their actions . " Tomorrow , Penhaul examines how the gangs dispose of their victims and what officials are doing to stem the violence .	Graveyards in Mexican town show tributes to gang leaders and hitmen "  Lupito , " who a relative said loved hitman life , was killed when he was 21 Cartel bosses are buried in mausoleums surrounded by bullet-proof glass Followers pay bands , leave tributes including cocaine at shrines to cult heroes
CNN  Airport and paradise are two words destined never to sit next to each other in the same sentence , but looking at the plans for Singapore 's new airport that could soon change . Construction on the city state 's new structure for Changi Airport , the Jewel Changi , is underway . Images of how the project looks when it 's finished show impressive steel-and-glass biosphere-style structures filled with plants and a gigantic waterfall . Scheduled for completion in 2018 , if all goes according to plan , Project Jewel is likely to cement Changi 's reputation who is recently named SkyTrax World 's Best Airport for the third consecutive year . The massive donut-like structure at its core will be 10 stories -- five above ground and five underground -- integrating airport facilities , with retail and leisure outlets . There 'll also be playgrounds and a hotel . More than simply a new terminal , Jewel Changi Airport will be constructed on the site of the old parking lot fronting the existing Changi Airport 's Terminal 1 , and will be "  seamlessly connected " to the existing terminals , according to the airport . Maintaining Singapore 's reputation as the "  garden city , " Jewel Changi 's centerpiece will be Forest Valley , a five-story garden with thousands of trees , ferns and shrubs . Commuters will even be able to take a hike up the valley . "  We wanted to create a space where activities that were traditionally outdoors in nature are brought to an indoor environment , " Robin Goh , Changi Airport Group spokesperson , tells CNN . Cascading through Jewel 's donut hole , in the middle of the forest , will be the 40-meter-high Rain Vortex . On completion , it 'll be the world 's tallest indoor waterfall , according to the airport . At night , the Rain Vortex will transform into a light and sound show . Four different gateway gardens will feature unique landscape elements . The North Gateway Garden , for instance , will use the trunks of rain trees recycled from the airport 's old open-air parking lot . On the top level , Canopy Park will have gardens , walking trails , playgrounds and eateries spanning approximately 13,000 square meters . "  We envisaged an area that comes with big sprawling spaces and play activities , " says Goh of Canopy Park . "  We wanted to create a place where visitors can simply relax and have fun with their families and friends . " Travelers will be able to stay at Jewel 's own hotel -- approximately 130 rooms operated by international hotel brand YOTEL . The complex will house an "  integrated multi-modal transport lounge . " That means ticketing , boarding pass and baggage transfer service will be available for passengers . Early check-in facilities at the complex will allow passengers to check-in and drop off luggage ahead of regular check-in times . There 'll also be new subway links connecting all the airports terminals to the MRT network . A winner of multiple best airport awards over the years , Changi served 54.1 million passengers in 2014 . The airport expects a new Terminal 4 opening in 2017 for Cathay Pacific and Jewel in 2018 to bring 85 million passengers a year . "  In order for Changi Airport to stay ahead amidst intensifying competition from other airports , it 's important for continuous innovation to be introduced , " says Goh .	Jewel Changi Airport in Singapore is expected to be completed by the end of 2018 The massive donut-like structure will be 10 stories , five above ground and five underground Its 40-meter-high Rain Vortex will be the world 's tallest indoor waterfall
CNN  -- "  Why not eat insects ? " asked Vincent Holt , a 19th century British author in his eccentric treatise on changing the English diet . "  Why should these creatures be called loathsome ... they are in every way more fitted for human food than many of the so-called delicacies now highly prized , " he wrote in "  Why Not Eat Insects ? " published in 1885 . Grubs and bugs , believed Holt , were better than crabs and lobsters  "  foul creatures " that feed on "  putrid flesh "  and if embraced by "  the working man " also could alleviate malnutrition and rural poverty . Despite his prediction that the day will come "  when the slug will be as popular in England as the sea-slug is in China , " he did n't manage to convince Victorian Britons to give up their meat and veg for slimy or six-legged livestock . However , modern palates might now be ready to accept a serving of insects , as appetites grow for healthy and environmentally-sensitive foods across the globe . Insects are high in protein , vitamins and minerals like calcium , zinc and iron -- something that a few European and U.S. food start-ups have realized , with new offerings such as insect energy bars . Yet while still niche and generally seen as an exotic novelty for foodies in the west , in other parts of the world bugs do n't have the same "  ewww ! " factor . Edible insects have long been a staple part of diets in many parts of Africa , South America and Asia , and Thailand is one country where bug farming has become a growing business over the last 15 years . It leads the world in insects for food production , averaging around 7,500 tons per year , according to a 2013 report by the UN 's Food and Agriculture Organization  FAO  . That 's still tiny compared to the country 's chicken production  around 1.6 m tons per year  , but insects hold a number of advantages over traditionally farmed animals . "  Mini-livestock " could be key to combating future global food shortages , suggests the FAO , as insects are relatively easy to raise and have a minimal impact on the environment compared to conventional cattle . According to the FAO , to produce one kilo of edible crickets , only two kilograms of feed are needed , compared to five kilograms of feed for a kilo of pork and ten kilograms of feed for one kilo of beef . Across Thailand there are around 20,000 insect farming enterprises producing 200 edible insect species , the most popular type being crickets , grasshoppers , palm weevil larvae and bamboo caterpillars . The Asian financial crisis in 1997 precipitated the rise of commercial insect farming in Thailand . The return of jobless workers to the northeast of the country was a concern that Yupa Hanboonsong , co-author of the FAO report and associate professor in entomology from Khon Kaen University , decided to address head on . "  We went to rural areas to train people how to grow crickets so at least they were guaranteed food for consumption . " The long-standing tradition of eating wild crickets meant no cultural barrier to eating insects had to be overcome and a new industry could be nurtured . The main challenge was providing enough training to scale up farms and create high standards in agricultural practice . More needs to be done to create a well-managed , sustainable industry , says Hanboonsong , but "  fifteen years ago you would never have seen insects being sold in supermarkets like you do today . " International enterprises have begun to set up processing and packaging operations in Thailand for export , and last week Dutch supermarket chain Jumbo announced it will sell insect products in its stores from next year . However in Thailand , most of the demand is domestic . For Hanboonsong , the key to keeping cricket farms growing and promoting insects as food internationally is for farmers to diversify their products . Jacky Chung , director of Ento , a UK-based food start-up , agrees . "  The European mindset is generally that insects are icky , " he says . For that reason the company is developing products like insect seasoning and "  croquettes " for a potential commercial release next year . Currently they source their insects from an organic collective in Spain . "  Making the products like this should make it easier for Western palates to accept , " says Chung , who adds that what you feed an insect affects how it tastes . Ento 's pop-up restaurant in south London last year was an enlightening experience for Chung and his colleagues . A far cry from Holt 's vaunted "  slug soup , " the company served up a range of dishes including insect risottos and insect medallions . "  Most people are very disconnected from where their food is from , they generally do n't want to see something on their plate that resembles the animal it 's from . " CNN 's On the Road series often carries sponsorship originating from the countries we profile . However CNN retains full editorial control over all of its reports . Read the policy	Insects could be a valuable food of the future as global population increases High in nutrients , they are also more environmentally friendly than traditional livestock Thailand leads the world in edible insect production Cultural antipathy could be overcome by product diversification , proponents say
CNN  -- Borussia Dortmund moved seven points clear in the German Bundesliga with a 2-0 victory over fellow title hopefuls Hamburg in front of a sellout home crowd of 80,720 on Friday night . Japan midfielder Shinji Kagawa scored the opener four minutes after halftime , and was also involved as Paraguay forward Lucas Barrios killed off the visitors with 19 minutes to play . It was Dortmund 's 10th victory in 12 league matches this season , with Jurgen Klopp 's team unbeaten since losing on the opening day in August . "  It took us a while to get into the game , but things worked better for us after the break , " Klopp told AFP , with the club seeking a first league crown since 2002 . "  Hamburg came back into the game late on , which made life hard for us . But we are very happy with the win . " In the 49th minute , Lukas Piszczek found space to pick out Kagawa , and the midfielder fired in a shot that deflected off Hamburg defender Heiko Westermann for his sixth goal this season . Kagawa initiated the move that doubled the lead , with Barrios claiming his seventh of the campaign from Kevin Grosskreutz 's cross . The result left Hamburg in seventh place in a group of four clubs on 18 points ahead of Saturday 's matches . Second-placed Mainz , who have 24 points , host Hannover and third-placed Bayer Leverkusen travel to St. Pauli . Elsewhere , Werder Bremen host Eintracht Frankfurt , Wolfsburg are at home to struggling Schalke , Cologne face Borussia Monchengladbach in a battle of the bottom two clubs , and Stuttgart travel to Kaiserslautern in another lower-table affair . On Sunday , ninth-placed defending champions Bayern Munich will seek to reduce the 15-point deficit on Dortmund with victory at home to Nuremberg , while fifth-placed Hoffenheim host Freiburg .	Japan midfielder Shinji Kagawa and Paraguay forward Lucas Barrios score in second half Dortmund unbeaten since opening day of the season , with 10 wins from 12 games Second-placed Mainz will try to reduce the deficit in Saturday 's home clash with Hannover Defending champions Bayern Munich 15 points adrift ahead of Sunday 's match
CNN  -- Amazon is getting into the game-making game . The Seattle-based company announced its first major social-game title , "  Living Classics , " on Monday . The free Facebook game is the first from its Amazon Game Studios , a new department at the e-commerce giant that was also unveiled Monday . "  Amazon Game Studios is exactly what it sounds like : a new team at Amazon that 's focused on creating innovative , fun and well-crafted games , " said the company in a blog post on the new games.amazon.com site . The department is currently hiring , but few other details are given . The social-gaming field is still dominated by Zynga , maker of addictive games such as Farmville and Words With Friends and their various spin-offs . But the company has been struggling since going public in December ; Zynga 's stock closed at $ 2.94 a share on Monday . Yet another social game is n't much of a threat to Zynga , but Amazon has the firepower necessary to become a legitimate competitor , thanks to its large network of customers with active accounts . Amazon can also target any games it does build to users of its popular Kindle tablets . Amazon is n't revealing much about its motivation for entering the game market , saying only , "  We know that many Amazon customers enjoy playing games -- including free-to-play social games -- and thanks to Amazon 's know-how , we believe we can deliver a great , accessible gaming experience that gamers and our customers can play any time . " The first game is a simple literature-themed puzzle game . Players are presented with busy illustrations of scenes loosely based on classic books . To get points called cash and coins , they must quickly spot and click moving objects on the screen . Levels include takes on "  Alice in Wonderland , " "  Wizard of Oz , " "  King Arthur " and more generic themes such as pirates and haunted houses .  "  Classics " could mean more than just books -- one of the illustrations on the official Living Classics Facebook fan page show two X-Files type characters . Since this is a Facebook game , there are plenty of opportunities to play the game with friends . And since games are big business , there are options to spend real money on in-app purchases . Players can stock up on game currency -- a dollar buys you five units of "  cash " currency , and $ 100 gets you 660 . However the feature does n't appear to be working at this time .	Amazon launches its first social game for Facebook A new Amazon game department could be competition for Zynga "  Living Classics " is a literature-based game where you click on moving objects
New York  CNN  -- Get too far out of line aboard an international flight and you could be restrained in your seat with zip ties and duct tape . That appears to be what happened to a disruptive male passenger aboard a flight from Iceland to New York on Thursday after a photo surfaced on social media showing a man bound to his seat . Iceland Air said it could not confirm the validity of the photo , but said there was "  an incident with a passenger on the flight from Reykjavik to New York " in which the passenger was restrained . The man was "  hitting , screaming and spitting at other passengers , while yelling profanities , " according to airline spokesman Michael Raucheisen , who said the passenger 's "  behavior was considered to be unruly and threatening . " "  To ensure the safety of those on board , he was restrained by passengers and crew and was monitored for his own safety for the duration of the flight , " he added . The man was arrested after the flight arrived at John F. Kennedy International Airport in Queens , New York , the airline said . The Port Authority said the man was not charged and was taken to a local hospital . Raucheisen said duct tape and plastic zip ties are considered standard protocol when restraining a passenger . "  This equipment is on board all our flights in case an incident like this arises , " he said . A photo posted on Facebook by a fellow passenger showed a man tied to the back of his seat with his legs tied together , and tape on his ankles and over his mouth . Air rage : Passengers ` quicker to snap ' Plane passenger tries to open door during flight	A male passenger was yelling profanities and spitting at fellow passengers A photo shows a man restrained in his seat with duct tape and zip ties Such restraints are standard protocol , Iceland Air says
CNN  -- The Aedes Aegypti mosquito is just two to three millimeters long but its impact is devastating . Of the thousands of mosquito species , this one bears primary responsibility for one of the world 's deadliest and fastest growing diseases . In the past 50 years , incidence of Dengue Fever has multiplied by 30 according to the WHO , spreading from nine countries in 1970 to over 100 today . There is no vaccine or cure for the painful virus known as Breakbone Fever , and of the 50-100 million people infected each year , over 20,000 die . Aedes Aegypti has spread with this epidemic , and has become the target of efforts to control the disease . But while solutions such as mass spraying of toxic chemicals have proved expensive , ineffective and environmentally damaging , scientists hope to use the insect as the agent of its own destruction . British biotech firm Oxitec is tackling the problem through pioneering genetic modification  GM  of the Aedes Aegypti . Scientists breed large numbers of the insects in laboratories and inject the sperm cells of males with a lethal gene . When the mosquito is released into the wild and mates with a female -- always of the same species - the deadly transgene is passed on and the offspring dies . Oxitec report successes from their Release of Insects with Dominant Lethality  RIDL  programme trials in Malaysia , the Cayman Islands and Brazil , claiming a 96 % suppression rate in the latter case . This has proved enough for the Brazilian government to announce this year the first commercial release of GM mosquitoes into the wild . The treated insects are awaiting approval in the US . Oxitec CSO Dr. Luke Alphey claims the techniques the company has been refining since 2009 offers a high degree of control . "  In the target area we could suppress the population even to zero levels , " he says . "  It works . The engineered males can court and mate wild females and we can suppress the target populations as we demonstrated in the Cayman Islands and in Brazil . To a huge level , enough suppression to prevent epidemic dengue . " Alphey believes the concept could be applied at scale . "  I hope that it will become a major part of control of major pest insects . If we could reduce , even in some countries , the burden of diseases like dengue ... that would be fantastic . We 're just at the dawn of genetic control . " This approach is being widely adopted . Researchers at the University of California , Irvine have pioneered a method that renders mosquito offspring unable to fly , making them harmless . At Imperial College London , a team have suppressed malaria in trials by modifying mosquitoes to only give birth to males , which do not bite and can not transmit the disease . Dr. Nikolai Windbichler , co-author of the latter study , uses a mousetrap analogy to illustrate the guarantee offered by genetic transfer . "  Even if one of every 10,000 mosquitoes would not function ... it would not prevent the technology from suppressing populations . If you put up 20 mousetraps and one is not working , the remaining 19 would still be able to do the job . " The path of modifying mosquitoes has many supporters in the medical community . "  Scientists have made a lot of progress and there are many exciting projects " , says Dr. James Logan of the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine . "  If we can identify a single species which transmits a disease like the Aedes Aegypti and dengue fever ,  genetic modification  can have an impact . It 's less achievable for malaria , which is transmitted by many species . " Although there are still questions to answer , Logan wants to see expansion . "  We need more field trials to show the impact on disease transmission ... I believe we need to push ahead , because the thing about mosquitoes with dengue fever and malaria in the wild is that they are always a step ahead , developing resistance , and we need new forms of novel intervention . " But critics believe that implementation of GM mosquitoes is happening too fast without enough understanding of the impact . Genewatch UK is demanding a public consultation in Brazil before the insects are released in the wild . "  Oxitec have omitted or failed to publish important information needed to make a decision " , says Dr. Helen Wallace director of Genewatch UK . "  The reduction figures from their trials can not be verified and they have not proved a positive impact on disease . One problem is that if you reduce numbers of one mosquito species , another may increase . "  Many experts think that suppressing a wild population that is so mobile will not work and may cause actual harm , no one knows for sure but it is certainly irresponsible not to consider the risk . " Despite such concerns , the trend toward modification of insects for disease control is gathering pace as other solutions fail and regulators are favorable . Worms , flies and moths are also being targeted and ` weaponized ' against their species . As this new battle commences , the stakes could hardly be higher . Read more from Make , Create , Innovate : This ` Star Trek ' - style molecular sensor reads your food Spider lessons : How to mend your body with silk The artificial leaf that could power the world	Biotech firm Oxitec is tackling Dengue Fever with genetically modified mosquitos . When the modified male mosquito mates with a female , a deadly transgene is passed on and the offspring dies . 50-100 million are infected with Dengue Fever each year .
As ISIS militants seem poised to take the strategic city of Kobani at the Turkish-Syrian border , violent protests have broken out in Turkey , leaving some demonstrators dead . The death toll has reached 19 , Turkish Prime Minister Ahmet Davutoglu said Wednesday . Another 145 people have been injured , and 388 have been arrested , he said . Thousands of people have taken to the streets for the protests , at times ignoring curfews set by the government . Some demonstrators died in clashes between rival groups , authorities said . Others died in clashes with police . A new security office will work around the clock to improve security in the country , Davutoglu said . The protesters , many of them Kurds , are calling on the Turkish government to take tough action against ISIS , and to allow Turkish fighters to go across the border and fight ISIS militants . President Recep Tayyip Erdogan has said ground troops are needed in the fight against the Islamist militants . He wants a no-fly zone and a safe haven area established , and has called for the arming of opposition groups in Iraq and Syria . Turkey 's tough choice : Take on ISIS or the PKK ? "  Police used tear gas and water cannons to disperse pro-Kurdish protesters across the country who had set up barricades , set fire to buses and cars and attacked police with fireworks and stones , " the semi-official Anadolu news agency reported . Deputy Prime Minister Numan Kurtulmus said protesters are supporting the outlawed Kurdistan Workers ' Party , which he called a terrorist group . The protests invite terror and chaos to Turkey , he said , according to Anadolu .	19 dead , 145 injured , and 388 arrested , Turkish PM says As ISIS moves in on Kobani across the border , violent protests break out in Turkey Demonstrators want Turkey to do more against ISIS as it closes in on Kobani
CNN  -- A Florida court technician has the job of blurring Justin Bieber 's private parts on jail video before you can see it . The video will then be handed over to news organizations this week under Florida 's open records law , a Miami judge ordered Tuesday . It 's part of several hours of video captured by surveillance cameras inside the Miami Beach Police Department 's jail , where Bieber was held after his arrest on DUI charges on January 23 . Miami-Dade County Judge William Altfield rejected arguments from Bieber 's lawyer that the video should be kept private . "  The court finds that images of the defendant while in custody at the Miami Beach Police Department are relevant to the public 's right to know , " Altfield ruled Tuesday . The segments to be released include a sequence in which Bieber "  appears to be urinating " in a cell , "  revealing an image of the defendant 's genitalia , " the judge wrote . The order , however , instructs the court 's video technician to blur "  the image wherein genitalia is observed . " "  While the defendant may not enjoy all of the expectations of privacy that he enjoys outside of a jail setting , he still retains his expectation of dignity , " the judge said . Several photographs taken by police of Bieber showing his tattoos were given to the media Tuesday . Video showing Bieber doing push-ups in a jail cell and attempting a sobriety test in a hallway were released last month . Florida 's open records law gives the news media full access to documents , photographs and video collected by police unless there is a compelling reason to keep them private . A status hearing is set for March 11 in Bieber 's DUI case , which also includes a charge of resisting arrest without violence and driving with an expired license . CNN 's Suzanne Presto contributed to this report .	Images of Bieber urinating "  are relevant to the public 's right to know , " judge rules Bieber jail video reveals "  an image of the defendant 's genitalia , " the judge wrote The video will be given to news agencies under Florida 's open records law Video was recorded after the singer 's DUI arrest in January
Meiktila , Myanmar  CNN  -- Nineteen-year-old Hnin Ei Phyu is on her knees at home , whispering her prayers . It 's a small sign of normality in a community where things have been anything but normal in recent months . This young Muslim woman ca n't go inside her family 's mosque because it was shut down after being vandalized . And for more than a month , she had to say her prayers from inside a shelter at a nearby sports stadium in Meiktila , a city in central Myanmar . Fearing for their lives , Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled their home on March 20 during the first of three days of rioting that tore apart this city of 100,000 people . A wave of sectarian violence between Buddhists and Muslims resulted in the deaths of at least 43 people and displaced thousands more , according to the Myanmar government . During the clashes , reportedly set off by a dispute between a Muslim gold shop owner and two Buddhist sellers , rioters set fire to houses , schools and mosques , while people were also beaten , doused with gasoline and set on fire . Many Muslims complain that the police stood by and did nothing during the violence . The rioting was only stopped after President Thein Sein declared a state of emergency and called in the military . By then thousands had fled their homes in terror . Meiktila 's Muslims were heavily outnumbered and suffered the bulk of the casualties . Few remained in their homes because they were either destroyed by rampaging mobs or it simply was n't safe for them to stay there . It was n't until earlier this month that Muslims whose houses were not destroyed were able to leave the shelters and return home . "  Tears came out of my eyes when I got back home , " said Hnin Ei Phyu 's mother , Thidar Hla . "  I 'm extremely happy to be back home . " But the 43-year old said that when she walks down the streets of this predominantly Buddhist city , it 's clear things are not the way they were before the riots . "  We  Muslims and Buddhists  do n't interact with each other the way we used too , " she said . "  People are keeping a mental distance between each other . " Thidar Hla and her extended family share a collection of rickety houses along a side street in a modest neighborhood of Meiktila . A security post manned by police and soldiers has been set up just a short walk away . Similar arrangements are in place in other parts of the city where Muslims live -- a sign of the times since March . "  There are soldiers and security guards on each end of the street , " Thidar Hla said , before adding that she hopes they can keep her family safe . But in areas that bore the brunt of the rioting , little has been rebuilt more than two months on . The blackened frames of burned down homes are all that stand in some places . Metal sheets that once served as roofs now lie in pieces on the ashen ground . The government says it will replace all of the approximately 1,600 homes that were destroyed -- an easier task than repairing the trust between Muslims and Buddhists . "  Right now we do n't trust them and they do n't trust us , " said U Aung Khin , a 50-year-old Buddhist man . Aung Khin is married with five kids between the ages of five and 24 . He says he has numerous Muslim friends , but things have been strained since the riots . "  After this we do n't really have to talk . It is n't necessary for us to talk with each other at all , " he said . "  I 'm afraid to trust them right now . " He said he used to buy meat from a Muslim butcher but wo n't now because he 's afraid his food might be poisoned . Meanwhile , Thidar Hla 's family says they 're playing it safe by buying their food from other Muslims . She has also instructed her daughter to stay close to home . She 's a student at a local university that has not reopened since the riots . Hnin Ei Phyu says she has several Buddhist friends at school and is hoping her relationships with them go back to normal . But she has n't contacted them since the violence and they have n't been in touch with her . Though Myanmar is about 90 % Buddhist , Muslims have generally coexisted peacefully with the Buddhist majority -- their children go to school together and their parents often work together . But as with Meiktila , ethnic fault lines have been exposed in some areas as the country emerges from decades of military repression . Last year , at least 110 people were killed in attacks on Muslims in western Myanmar 's Rakhine State . The Muslim Rohingya people are a stateless Muslim minority living in Rakhine -- thought to number between 800,000 and one million -- who claim they were persecuted by Myanmar 's military during its decades of authoritarian rule . Myanmar does not recognize them as citizens or as one of the 135 recognized ethnic groups living in the country . Much of this is rooted in their heritage in East Bengal , now called Bangladesh . Though many Rohingya have only known life in Myanmar , they are viewed by the Buddhist majority as intruders from across the border . Across the country , a budding movement known as "  969 " has been spreading anti-Muslim sentiment by encouraging Buddhists to avoid Muslim-run businesses . "  969 " stickers are increasingly found in businesses and taxis in Yangon , the country 's largest and most ethnically diverse city . Police recently stepped up patrols in Yangon following the Meiktila clashes , though serious fighting has yet to spread there . However , in several communities within 100 kilometers  62 miles  of Yangon , Buddhist mobs reportedly vandalized mosques as well as Muslim businesses and houses . The wave of religious unrest has prompted the 57-nation Organization of Islamic Cooperation  OIC  urge Burmese authorities to allow a delegation to visit Myanmar to discuss the issue -- a request the authorities in Naypyidaw have so far rebuffed .	Hnin Ei Phyu 's family fled their home during outbreak of violence in Meiktila The unrest pitted Muslims against Buddhist majority following shop dispute Myanmar 's ethnic faultlines exposed as country opens up after military repression
Los Angeles  CNN  -- A 24-year-old Connecticut man affiliated with the Anonymous hacking group was arrested and charged Tuesday with electronically attacking the website belonging to Gene Simmons of the rock band KISS , authorities said . Kevin George Poe , of Manchester , Connecticut , made an initial appearance in U.S. District Court in Hartford on Tuesday , and a judge ordered him released in lieu of a $ 10,000 bond , federal prosecutors said . Poe is charged with two counts : conspiracy and unauthorized impairment of a protected computer , prosecutors said . He was ordered to appear in federal court in Los Angeles at an undetermined date , prosecutors said . The servers to GeneSimmons.com , the website belonging to the KISS band member , are based in Los Angeles , said Thom Mrozek , spokesman for the U.S. Attorney 's office in Los Angeles . Poe 's federal public defender did n't respond to messages late Tuesday . Using the screen name of spydr101 , Poe joined other persons linked to Anonymous and allegedly conducted a "  distributed denial of service " attack against Simmons ' website during a five-day period in October 2010 . That attack allegedly involved sending tens of thousands of electronic requests designed to overload the website and shut it down , a prosecutor 's statement said . Poe allegedly used the computer program Low Orbit Ion Cannon -- "  a favorite software tool of the Anonymous collective " -- to send a high volume of "  packets " or requests in an effort to overwhelm the server , prosecutors said . If convicted of both charges , Poe could face up to 15 years in federal prison , prosecutors said .	Kevin George Poe , 24 , of Connecticut is accused of being an Anonymous hacker He allegedly attacked KISS band member GeneSimmons.com in October 2010 Poe allegedly overwhelmed the website 's server with electronic requests
New York  CNN  -- Sonia Lemel and Rachel May Adams were running a 10K race at Manhattan 's Central Park Saturday when they heard about the " @HiddenCash " scavenger hunt . "  We found the envelope by the pond at the foot of the bridge , hidden right behind the railing , " Lemel said of the lucky find -- a $ 50 bill and silver dollar . "  It was really exciting . It 's our drinking money later when we watch the World Cup games . " The social experiment is the brainchild of California real estate investor Jason Buzi , 43 , who is hiding envelopes of cash in public places across the country and posting clues to their whereabouts on his Twitter page . What started as an anonymous act of giving in the San Francisco Bay area has turned into a nationwide search . Buzi revealed his identity on Monday in an exclusive interview with CNN 's Anderson Cooper . "  I 've done well and some of my friends that are involved with it have done very well as well , and we wanted to give back . " Buzi said . "  This was like a fun way to give back to the community . " The "  Hidden Cash " craze has hit Brooklyn , Las Vegas and Houston , Buzi told CNN . Chicago is next on Sunday . The Twitter page features selfies of people who found the money -- typically smiling and holding the cash -- with testimonials of what they intend to do with it . "  We just want to encourage people to pay it forward , " Buzi told CNN . Kurt Dee , who discovered an envelope with $ 50 and a a coin in Central Park , agreed . "  My family and I were really going to plan to get Father 's Day dinner today because my dad 's working tomorrow , " he said . "  So I 'm telling them I 'm going to pay for dinner tonight , which is awesome . " Another winner , Stephanie Culff , held a $ 50 bill . "  Since its Father 's Day , I 'm gon na give this to my dad and he can use it as he wishes . Happy Father 's Day , " she said . People enjoy the excitement of the hunt . "  When you first see the white envelope on the ground and you know that it 's out there , it 's like your heart just completely stops and you 're just like , ` Oh my god , I just won , ' " Dee said . "  So the first thing I did was yell , ' I got it , I got it ! ' " Buzi said he has handed out nearly $ 15,000 since May 23 . "  We 're planning on giving a lot more , " he said . He plans to take the giveaway to Paris , London and Madrid next month . Hidden cash lines pockets , warms hearts in California	A California real estate investor leaves money hidden in public spaces Clues on where to find the money are posted on his Twitter page called "  Hidden Cash " The hope is to start a pay-it-forward movement that will move overseas next month
CNN  -- Cristiano Ronaldo scored a superb hat-trick as Real Madrid thrashed Osasuna 7-1 to increase their lead at the top of the Spanish La Liga to three points following Barcelona 's surprise 2-2 draw at Athletic Bilbao . Osasuna came into the match at the Bernabeu in good spirits after ending Levante 's unbeaten record last weekend , but they were always up against it after Ronaldo headed home Angel di Maria 's 22nd-minute cross . Although the visitors levelled through a Ibrahima Balde free-kick eight minutes later , Madrid soon re-took the lead when defender Pepe glanced home another di Maria cross . Gonzalo Higuain curled home Madrid 's third on the stroke of half-time and Ronaldo made it 4-1 with a 54th minute penalty , following a foul by Eneko Satrustegui which resulted in a second yellow card . The Portuguese international completed his hat-trick with a header three minutes later and Karim Benzema came off the substitutes ' bench to add two further goals as Madrid made it 10 successive win in some style . Champions Barca remain unbeaten , but they have now drawn four of their 11 league matches and they had Argentine maestro Lionel Messi to thank for earning a late point in rain-sodden Bilbao . Ander Herrara put the hosts ahead with a fine curling strike only for Cesc Fabregas to quickly level matters with a superb header from Eric Abidal 's cross . Then , with 10 minutes remaining , Abidal 's clearance eventually found the Barca net off Gerard Pique to hand Bilbao the advantage . But , in injury time , Messi took advantage of some hesitancy in the home defense to claim a vital equalizer . It means Real lead the way on 28 points , with Barcelona on 25 and Valencia just a further point behind on 24 . Meanwhile , in the English Premier League , Tottenham withstood repeated pressure from the home side to win 2-1 at Fulham to maintain their status among the league leaders . Gareth Bale opened the scoring in the 10th minute from an acute angle and Aaron Lennon doubled their lead with a fine individual effort just before half-time . Younes Kaboul put through his own net from a corner to reduce the arrears and Fulham wasted a host of chances to level , before Jermain Defoe secured the three points with a deflected shot in injury time . The result keeps Tottenham in fifth position in the table , level on points with Chelsea but with a game in hand . However , both clubs are still nine points behind runaway leaders Manchester City . At the other end of the table , Wigan stay bottom of the table after a 3-1 defeat at Wolves , while Chris Eagles and Ivan Klasnic both scored twice as Bolton thrashed Stoke 5-0 . That result lifted Bolton above Blackburn into third bottom and went some away to avenging their 5-0 FA Cup semifinal defeat by Stoke last season .	Cristiano Ronaldo scores a hat-trick as Spanish leaders Real Madrid thrash Osasuna 7-1 Madrid are three points ahead of Barcelona , who are held to a 2-2 draw at Athletic Bilbao Tottenham remain in touch with Premier League leaders after 3-1 success at Fulham
Washington  CNN  -- A formal investiture ceremony will take place Friday for Elena Kagan during a special sitting of the Supreme Court . Kagan was sworn in as the 112th justice of the court in August . The 2 p.m. event on Friday is a formal affair where the authority of the office is conferred . The Senate confirmed Kagan 63-37 on August 5 on a mostly party-line vote . She joins a closely divided court that often splits in favor of a shaky 5-4 conservative majority . Despite no judicial record to draw clues on the kind of justice she would become , White House officials had quietly assured allies Kagan would be a "  reliable " liberal vote similar to John Paul Stevens , whom Kagan replaces on the bench . She is , therefore , not expected to tilt the current ideological balance on the high court . Among the cases she will confront in her first term will be disputes over noisy protests at military funerals , state bans on violent video games and the death penalty . High-profile appeals that may reach the court in the next couple of years include Arizona 's sweeping immigration reform law ; California 's ban on same-sex marriage ; and a challenge to health care mandates passed by Congress this spring . CNN Supreme Court Producer Bill Mears contributed to this report .	Elena Kagan was sworn in as the 112th justice of the court in August She is not expected to change court 's ideological balance She is confirmed on a mostly party-line vote
CNN  -- What will President Obama 's historical legacy look like decades from now ? As the media sort through the debates over the Affordable Care Act and the budget , or the implications of the recent deal with Iran , many Americans are starting to think about how we will remember this president . Predicting presidential legacies is tricky . Historians are particularly skeptical about anyone who thinks he or she can figure out what a president 's legacy will be while he 's still in office . Why is this ? The next president has a big role to play in how a president goes down in the record books . Whoever succeeds President Obama can help to legitimize or undercut the programs that have been put into place since 2009 . When Republican President Richard Nixon allowed most of Lyndon Johnson 's Great Society to stand , it helped make those policies -- and Johnson 's domestic legacy -- a permanent part of the political landscape . The same had been true during the 1950s , when Dwight Eisenhower opposed efforts to roll back the New Deal . In recent years , President Obama 's decision to accept and expand many of President George W. Bush 's counterterrorism programs normalized a series of policies that had been highly controversial . Implementation also matters . The success or failure of implementing a president 's programs can have huge consequences over the long term when we think about what a president did . The short-term struggles over a policy , such as we are now seeing with the Affordable Care Act , do n't matter as much as we might think . Many popular programs , including Social Security , started on shaky ground . But if policymakers can entrench a program , as occurred with Social Security by the 1950s , then the president who first proposed them looks pretty good . The success of Social Security remains integral to Franklin Delano Roosevelt 's legacy . Similarly , over time the success of Medicare and Medicaid has made it increasingly apparent that Vietnam often overshadowed the massive domestic accomplishments of Lyndon Johnson . According to a recent CNN/ORC International Poll , a majority of Americans remain open-minded about the Affordable Care Act and believe that it will be fixed . If the regulations start to curb premiums and millions of other Americans have health insurance for the first time , ACA , and President Obama , will look much better . Future events also will determine how we consider the legacy of a president . The interim deal the Obama administration and five other world powers reached with Iran , for instance , wo n't make much sense until we see how tensions in the region unfold and what exactly comes of Iran 's nuclear power . President Ronald Reagan 's decision to negotiate with the Soviet Union over intermediate range missiles between 1985 and 1987 could only be assessed after the collapse of the USSR in 1991 . The negotiations are now considered to be a crowning achievement of the Reagan presidency , though at the time they were highly controversial , including among conservatives who distrusted Mikhail Gorbachev . President Clinton 's economic policies look much better to many Democrats and Republicans in light of the frail economic conditions of the early 21st century . In contrast , the tepid response of the U.S. government to Jewish refugees fleeing from Nazi Germany in the 1930s remains one of the worst moments in FDR 's record . Finally , there is no such thing as a fixed presidential legacy . Historians have seen how presidential reputations have changed dramatically over time . Harry Truman left office as one of the most unpopular presidents of the time . He now comes out on the top of most lists of best presidents . What 's more , the opening of presidential archives can often give historians a very different impression of how a president performed . Americans also assess their presidents through the lens of the political era in which they live . During the 1980s , a conservative age , there was a more favorable view of Dwight Eisenhower . In recent years , after politics swung toward the liberal side of the spectrum , Lyndon Johnson received a second look . And presidents themselves have been playing a bigger and more active role in shaping the debate about what they did in the White House . Although presidents ca n't help but think about how they will be treated in the history books , gaming the future is impossible . Indeed , that future will never be set in stone . What presidents can best control are the programs in front of them , making sure that things are working well and that they put into place an infrastructure of policies that has the best chance of outlasting their time in Washington . The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Julian Zelizer .	Julian Zelizer : One ca n't predict sitting president 's legacy . Much depends on what comes after Whether next president lets previous president 's signature program stand affects legacy He says Obama kept some Bush counterterror initiatives . Nixon kept LBJs Great Society Zelizer : Archives can affect understanding of legacy , as can future world events
CNN  -- In a televised address Monday night , U.S. President Barack Obama explained the reasons he involved the U.S. military in the U.N.-authorized mission in Libya , saying "  it was not in our national interest " to let the citizens of a rebel stronghold suffer a massacre at the hands of approaching pro-government forces . Obama also said that NATO would take full control of the military mission on Wednesday . Following is a collection of reactions from people including U.S. politicians and political analysts . U.S. Sen. John McCain , R-Arizona : "  I think that the first part of his speech was excellent , and he laid out the reasons why it was important to intervene and what would have happened in Benghazi . ... He made a strong case . " "  Then ... he made a very puzzling comment , and that was  regime change by force  would be a mistake . Gadhafi must have been comforted by that . " "  The president 's policy is Gadhafi must go . I think there 's a chance , if we keep the pressure on , Gadhafi could be thrown under the bus  by people surrounding him .  " "  It 's clear we 're on the side of the rebels in this conflict . ...  But  if we tell Gadhafi , ` Do n't worry , you 're not going to be removed by force , ' I think that 's very encouraging for Gadhafi . " Fareed Zakaria , host of CNN 's "  Fareed Zakaria GPS " : "  It was actually an important speech . It was quite carefully constructed . It had a humanitarian angle , a strategic angle . But at the heart of what Obama is saying is that there are places in the world where the United States does not have vital national interests , where we have not been attacked , but we have limited interests and we 're going to try to find a way to have some kind of limited military response . " "  What John McCain was suggesting  in the reaction above  frankly strikes me as a very dangerous argument -- that in a place where we have clearly limited interests , clearly nonvital interests , the United States and the president should  have  an open-ended policy of military escalation and say we will do whatever it takes to get Moammar Gadhafi out of office . That is , frankly , the way we got in conflicts like Vietnam . In order to not be humiliated , we could n't back down . " Michael Steel , spokesman for House Speaker John Boehner , R-Ohio : "  The speech failed to provide Americans much clarity to our involvement in Libya . Nine days into this military intervention , Americans still have no answer to the fundamental question : What does success in Libya look like ? " U.S. Sen. Lindsey Graham , R-South Carolina : "  I thought he did a good job talking about the signal we would send , that we are a values-based people , and stranding by these young people in Libya will serve us well in the future . But the line that really sort of broke my heart was that regime change by force would be a mistake . The goal of this country is to replace Gadhafi . If you look at the balance sheet of what it costs this nation with Gadhafi versus what it costs without him , it is in our interest to get rid of him , and the opposition needs continued military support -- not a ground invasion by the U.S. or any other Western power , but air support -- all the way to Tripoli . " "  If we continue the model we have in place ...  the rebels  will win . If we back off , this thing is going to go on for a long time , and a lot of people will die unnecessarily . " Ali Suleiman Aujali , former Libyan ambassador to the United States : "  I think it is a great speech . The president was very clear and very determined , and defended his position in a nice way , and I think he convinced the American people . " "  The Americans , they proved to the world they will not only intervene if there  are  American interests only , but ... also when human life is in danger . This is a historical decision . ... We really appreciate what America did for the Libyan people . The Libyan people ... deserve a better government . " Rudolph Giuliani , former New York City mayor : "  The president 's speech tonight has made things even murkier than they were before . The whole purpose of this was to clarify our mission . Our mission is just internally contradictory . The president says our mission is to protect the people of Libya . Well , how do you protect the people of Libya and not be for regime change in Libya ? Is n't the danger to the people of Libya Gadhafi ? " "  The president 's speech is illogical . If you were grading this on a Greek logic exam , you 'd give it an F . The speech contradicts itself . It says limited action ; we 're not going to go any further than just protecting the people of Libya ; we 're not going to be for regime change . But you ca n't protect the people of Libya without regime change . Why are we there in the first place ? Because Gadhafi was slaughtering his people . How can you leave him there ? " P.J. Crowley , former U.S. State Department spokesman : "  The president 's policy is to assist in the removal of Moammar Gadhafi . The issue is not with the policy . The issue is the mechanism . We 're acting in a limited manner to level the playing field so the Libyan people themselves and the opposition that has formed , they 'll do that job . It 's not for the United States to impose that from the outside . " Former New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson : "  I felt the president was very presidential tonight . He explained the purpose : To avert a humanitarian disaster , to protect civilian lives . He even added ... a  potential  refugee crisis going to Tunisia and Egypt . " "  I was very satisfied with his speech tonight . Again , consultation with Congress in the days ahead is going to be very important . But he explained the objective , and he explained what he wants to do , and the airstrikes have succeeded . Air defenses of Libya have been almost destroyed . The rebels are gaining momentum . Look , they 're probably not perfect revolutionary characters , but they 're sure as heck a lot better than Gadhafi staying . ... I applaud the president tonight . " Fouad Ajami , professor of Middle Eastern studies at Johns Hopkins University : "  I think it 's the right thing at last . I think the president did a great job . I 'm not a fan of President Obama ; I did n't vote for him . I think he should have done this much earlier . But ... he finally did it . And I think he answered the great questions about this intervention . ... And he told us the truth : This was always about Benghazi . It was about a rescue operation that he was forced to do , and I think it 's the right thing . " Anne-Marie Slaughter , professor of international affairs at Princeton University : "  I think  Obama  ... made clear that we went in to avoid what he described as violence on a horrific scale in Benghazi ; that the mandate of the U.N. coalition ... is to protect Libyan civilians . I think that makes very clear what success looks like there . It means that Libyan civilians are safe -- safe in their houses , safe in their cities . At the same time , he made very clear that in his U.S. policy -- and the policy of many of our allies -- that Libya needs to have a new government that responds to the demands of the Libyan people , and that we will pursue every diplomatic and economic means to that end . And leveling the playing field militarily will certainly help . " David Gergen , CNN senior political analyst : "  I thought in general  Obama  made a compelling case -- a very strong case for intervention itself on humanitarian grounds . He made a compelling case that the United States has helped to organize the international coalition much more rapidly than has happened in the past , as in Bosnia . And furthermore , I think he made a compelling case that these early U.S. actions really have accomplished what the United States promised to do , and that was to stop Gadhafi from killing other people . "  But ... the success of the speech ended there , because he left open all these questions about where we go from here if there 's a stalemate -- and there were signs today that there may be a stalemate . What are we going to do ? What is NATO going to do ? Who knows ? I do n't think anybody knows that . What is going to happen if Gadhafi hangs in there for six months ? What do we do then ? Nobody knows . What happens if Gadhafi gets forced out ? What happens if the regime cracks and they turn on him -- even assassinate him ? What 's the United States ' role going to be in building a new Libya ? It thought that was left cloudy , and is going to continue the debate . "  But give President Obama his due . On the most important issue that he had to face tonight -- why he went in -- I thought he made a very , very strong case . " Ari Fleischer , White House press secretary under President George W. Bush "  The tricky think here is , when you have a president who does the right thing , but who does it four weeks too late , can you really say it is the right thing ? This is really something that should have been done four weeks ago , when it was really likely that the rebels , by virtue of ... a multilateral action , could have tipped the scales and made Gadhafi think ... he needs to get out of there . I have a hard time seeing that happen now . I think it 's a fight to the finish , and this finish ends up in a stalemate . "	NEW : Bill Richardson : Obama explained the purpose -- to avert a humanitarian disaster Sen. John McCain : Obama saying regime change wo n't be pursued militarily is "  puzzling " CNN 's Fareed Zakaria : "  Important " speech explains U.S. military response is limited Rudolph Giuliani : "  The president 's speech tonight has made things even murkier "
CNN  -- Authorities in Alaska were working Friday to ensure public safety after a woman was mauled to death by animals -- most likely wolves . The victim , Candice Berner , 32 , was found dead Monday in the village of Chignik Lake , authorities said . If the attack is confirmed , it would be the first fatal encounter with wolves on record in Alaska , said Megan Peters , spokeswoman for the Alaska State Troopers . If officials determine which animals were responsible , authorities will try to find them and destroy them , Peters said . An investigation determined the death was "  non-criminal in nature , " the troopers said in a news release , adding that "  it has been concluded that the animals most likely responsible for the attack are wolves . " Troopers were working with the Department of Fish and Game "  as it addresses public safety concerns regarding wolf activity close to the community of Chignik Lake , " the troopers said . Berner , a Pennsylvania native , moved to Alaska last year . Chignik Lake is in the southwest part of the state , part of the Alaska Peninsula that shoots out from the mainland . The community of about 105 residents is about 475 miles southwest of Anchorage . Several Chignik Lake residents have reported recent encounters with wolves , some of them threatening , Peters said . Authorities saw a bloody trail where Berner had been dragged off a road and wolf tracks near the body , Peters said . "  It 's hard . It 's really hard . I feel horrible , you know , empty , " her father , Robert Berner , told KTUU-TV in Anchorage , Alaska . "  They said Candice put up a good fight , " he said , "  and there must have been two , maybe three of them . " Berner described his daughter as "  small and mighty , " a woman who liked to box , lift weights and run , according to a dispatch in the Slippery Rock Herald , the newspaper in her Pennsylvania hometown . She was training for a race and could get into a meditative state when running , her father said . Foul play has been ruled out , Peters said . Berner was an itinerant special education teacher , according to CNN affiliate WTAE-TV of Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania . Authorities listed her address as Perryville , Alaska , around 30 miles from where her body was found . She had arrived in Chignik this week to work at the school there , the Slippery Rock Herald said . Berner had been with the Lake and Peninsula Borough School District since August , schools official Rick Luthi said . Her co-workers last saw her alive at the end of the workday Monday , Luthi told the newspaper . "  She had made the comment that she wanted to get out and get some fresh air , " Luthi said . "  We assumed that that meant a run for Candice , because she had a habit of doing that whenever she could . " Her father was a professor and taught her first special education class , KTUU-TV said . "  I felt like it was work worth doing , and I 've always felt that way , " Robert Berner said . "  I thought Candice would be able to handle it well , because she has a tremendous tolerance for those who are different . " Residents in Berner 's hometown recalled an adventurous woman who loved the outdoors and longed to live in Alaska , WTAE said . Patrick Grant , of Slippery Rock University 's Special Education Department , told the station that Berner returned home for grad school and that he last saw her about 18 months ago . "  She cared about other people , " Grant told WTAE . "  She cared about kids . She cared about how she 'd make a difference in the world . That 's why she was there . She wanted to make a difference in the world . " Berner was featured in Slippery Rock 's winter 2010 journal , where she talked about life in Alaska without television and having her groceries flown in . She also wrote a blog called "  Adventures of an Alaskan Bush Teacher , " posting photos on it and writing about the wildlife -- particularly the wolves that lurked in the wilderness . "  This tragedy affects all of us . We 're all deeply crushed by it , " Grant said . "  We 're all deeply concerned about someone so young reaching such a tragic death , and we 're all asking ourselves , ` What can we do ? ' And I do n't know what the answer is . " CNN 's Greg Morrison and Dave Alsup contributed to this report .	Authorities work in response to "  public safety concerns " about wolves If it is determined Candice Berner was killed by wolf , it would be first such death on state record Berner 's body was found Monday night in remote area near village of Chignik Lake Alaska State Troopers spokeswoman says foul play has been ruled out
Johannesburg  CNN  -- Three of four minors accused of taking part in a brutal videotaped gang rape of a teenager will face full prosecution , a spokesman for a South African court said Wednesday . The boys appeared in court Wednesday -- along with three others who are not minors -- to apply for bail . The seven suspects are between the ages of 13 and 19 . A bail hearing will be held May 3 for the minors and June 20 for the adults , said the spokesman , Mthunzi Mhaga . It is unlikely that the suspects , accused of a crime that has shocked many in South Africa , will be granted bail , officials have said . An eighth suspect -- a man who was found with the victim -- is scheduled to appear in court on May 4 , court officials said . The images of the assault of the 17-year-old girl , believed to be mentally ill , swept across the Internet last week and touched a nerve in South Africa . The shocking footage shows the girl pleading for her attackers to stop , and it has some activists saying it is an example of the country 's problem with rape . The girl went missing on March 21 . Police suspect she was kidnapped and turned into a sex slave . The cell phone video of her gang rape surfaced and went viral among schoolchildren in Soweto , a vast township near Johannesburg . The Daily Sun , a local tabloid , alerted police about the attack after a concerned mother whose daughter was watching the video handed it over to the newspaper . Police embarked on a search for the girl and the people in the video . Eight suspects have been arrested and charged with kidnapping and raping the teen . Seven of them were seen on the video ; the other was a 37-year-old man found with the girl last week . A woman is raped every 26 seconds in South Africa , according to local aid groups . More than 60,000 cases of sexual assault were reported in the year to March 2011 , down from 70,000 in 2008 , police said . Women 's rights activist Lisa Vetten says in the province of Gauteng , where Johannesburg is located , one in every five rapes is a gang rape . "  Rape is a young man 's crime , " she said . "  It 's a bit of a performance for them , showing off to each other how macho they are . We need to teach our young men that you can be masculine in ways that do not involve violence and degrading women . " The mother of the 17-year-old has said this was not the first time her daughter has been raped . She was raped in 2009 and 2010 , and authorities have done little to address the issue in the past , the mother said . "  It 's 2012 now , and I 'm still waiting for DNA results , " she said . After the girl was found and as the news of the video emerged , the government placed her in a safe house -- a place where she can attend school and socialize in a secure environment . "  They are coming now because things have turned out this way , " the mother said . "  They should n't pretend as if they have been standing up for me . They never stood up for me . "	Seven suspects , ages 13 to 19 , are applying for bail Eight people have been arrested , accused of kidnapping and rape The gang-rape video went viral and shocked South Africans Mother says her daughter was raped in 2009 and 2010
CNN  -- The final election results are in for the 19th Knesset in Israel , and the only thing that 's clear is Israeli voters are pretty evenly divided across the political spectrum . The newspaper Haaretz and the independent U.S.-based Israel Project each projected the seats won based on the vote totals , and they agreed that right wing and center-right parties are likely to end up with 61 of the legislative seats , while left wing and center-left parties , including Arab parties , will probably garner 59 seats . While the totals are "  final , " now that votes from soldiers , diplomats , prisoners and others have been tallied , they wo n't be "  official " until January 30 . The results came as a surprise to Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu and his Likud-Beitenu party . Netanyahu 's supporters had 42 seats in the outgoing Knesset , but he is projected to retain only 31 in the new legislature . The prime minister indicated Wednesday that he might try to attract centrists into a government coalition rather than form a hard-right bloc in Israel 's politically diverse parliament . He announced a focus on three issues dear to the upstart center-left Yesh Atid party , which is projected to capture 19 Knesset seats : increasing equality in the burden on the public , seen as a reference to the practice , unpopular among secularists , of giving military exemptions to the ultra-Orthodox ; the grinding issue of affordable housing ; and changing what many see as Israel 's "  ineffective " system of government . CNN 's Joe Sterling contributed to this report	Israel 's election results are final , but not yet official Experts say the new Knesset will be equally divided between left - and right-wing politicians Prime Minister Netanyahu 's center-right party lost clout ; a centrist coalition may result
Josh Miller never gave much thought to where his car , bed or toothpaste came from until an aluminum plant in his hometown of Ravenswood , West Virginia , shut down about four years ago . The closure left 650 people without a job , including Miller 's father-in-law , in a town of roughly 3,800 , triggering a familiar pattern . The unemployment rate in Jackson County more than doubled , businesses shuttered and Ravenswood 's quaint downtown became a ghost town . Miller had been vaguely aware that American manufacturing jobs were going away , but now he knew what that could mean for an entire community . He wondered how an average American like him could change the tide . Raising awareness of what 's still made in the United States seemed like a good start , he decided , and embarked on a mission to live entirely off American-made goods for 30 days . It did n't take long for him to discover that it 's impossible , especially while trying to maintain a typical middle-class existence that includes smartphones and clothing from ubiquitous big box stores . He made the challenge harder by hitting the road and traveling the country , interviewing entrepreneurs and small businesses to find out what it takes to do business in the United States . He documented his efforts in the film , "  Made in USA : The 30 Day Journey , " which is being screened through independent viewings across the country . Share your story : Transforming hobby to job Miller spent nights sleeping on floors and rinsing off from a bucket of water because he could n't find American beds , shower or sinks . But the lessons learned are as relevant as ever , especially as the country looks for ways to boost employment and bring American manufacturing into the 21st century , he said . "  Despite what you might hear , a lot of entrepreneurs and small businesses are making it work , " he said . "  Our fate as a country is tied to our economic prosperity and given what I 've seen I believe there 's still room for us in the manufacturing era . " The challenge has now become a way of life whenever he can help it , he said . Checking product labels for country of origin is now a part of his shopping routine , he said . He has also immersed himself in online communities that share information about where to find American brands , products and companies . "  Just because you ca n't live 100 % off American-made goods does n't mean you ca n't make a difference , " he said . "  We 're in a global economy so it does n't have to be an all-or-nothing proposition . But if you change just a little bit of your lifestyle it can make a difference . " Made in USA : The short list The people he met shared his view that a little bit of effort can go a long way for small businesses trying to make it . It 's not just a matter of blind patriotism , but of supporting companies that model fair business and labor practices -- even if they do n't manufacture in the United States . "  It 's not always possible to live off exclusively American made goods because some products simply are not manufactured here and other items are not native to our country , " said Sarah Mazzone , founder of made in usa challenge , which shares resources and information for buying American-made products . "  For many electronics , there is no currently available made in USA option . For these purchases , I suggest minimizing your footprint as a consumer by buying used , " she said . "  Other items like oils or certain foods may not naturally grow in our country . For those products , I recommend buying fair-trade certified . " Plenty of things are still made in the United States , even though the average American consumer does n't get their hands on them on a daily basis , Gardner Carrick with The Manufacturing Institute said . Most American manufacturing jobs focus on heavy machinery , like aircraft , cars and supply chain parts , along with chemicals and energy products . Still , rising costs of doing business overseas and relatively affordable energy are making reshoring more attractive to businesses , Carrick said . Manufacturing has made a "  strong showing " in the last four years in terms of employment and output , with signs of continued growth , Carrick said . In 2012 , manufacturers contributed $ 1.87 trillion to the economy , about 11.9 % of the GDP , up from $ 1.73 trillion in 2011 , according to NAM . For every $ 1 spent in manufacturing , another $ 1.48 is added to the economy . As far as consumer goods are concerned , the average American should have no trouble finding food , beverages , paper products or toiletries from the United States , which Miller learned early on . A trip to the grocery store nets a toothbrush , shaving cream and food , including protein bars and gummy worms . That was a source of relief for Miller , a "  bacon and eggs kind of guy " who was worried about having to just eat fruits and vegetables for breakfast during his 30-day experiment . The people he met on his journey underscored the fact that even products made in the United States are made of materials sourced from other countries . A tailor in Charleston , West Virginia , carries suiting made from British wool , German lining and Japanese buttons stitched together with silk thread from China -- all sewn together by "  immigrants in Chicago , " Tony the tailor tells Miller . Miller took his challenge to more than a dozen cities and towns on an estimated budget of $ 30,000 , partially raised through an Indiegogo campaign , driving American rental cars and staying in Red Roof hotels whenever possible to stay true to his mission . Eventually , he reclaims his smartphone from his friend and showers more frequently . But he hopes the point has been made . "  Advanced manufacturing will be the next revolution in this country , " Miller said . "  It may not look the same as it did in late 30s and 40s , but it will return America to prosperity . "	Filmmaker tours country trying to live entirely off products made in the USA He learns that a little bit of consumer effort can make a big difference to small businesses "  Advanced manufacturing will be the next revolution in this country , " Josh Miller says Have you transformed your passion into profits ? Share your story on iReport !
CNN  -- In the aftermath of the Jerry Sandusky scandal , embattled Penn State University is hosting a sexual abuse conference and says boxer Sugar Ray Leonard and Elizabeth Smart will give speeches . The conference will be held on October 29-30 and comes after the well-publicized scandal that culminated with the conviction of Sandusky , a former assistant Penn State football coach on multiple charges of sexual abuse of young boys . "  Over the last nine months , Penn State has made a commitment to becoming a leader in the research , prevention and treatment of child sexual abuse , and we have taken a number of steps to ensure that our communities are safer , " Penn State President Rodney Erickson said in a message promoting the conference . Leonard , a boxing icon , is known for his lightning fast hands , legendary fights and recently for his role in several reality television shows . But last year in his autobiography , Leonard delivered the surprising admission that early in his career he was sexually abused by an unnamed Olympic boxing coach . Penn State accreditation in jeopardy over sex abuse scandal Smart made headlines in 2002 when she was kidnapped from her Utah home at age 14 and held captive for nine months . Her kidnapping stunned the nation , and the media covered the months-long search to find her . Her abductor , Brian David Mitchell , sexually abused her during her time in captivity and is serving life in prison for the kidnapping and assault . Recently Smart has married and become an advocate for change related to child abduction . Penn State has had its share of bad headlines since Sandusky was convicted on 45 counts of child sex abuse against 10 male victims . In July former FBI Director Louis Freeh released a report on Penn State 's handling of the sex-abuse allegations against Sandusky , stating that the school 's leadership showed "  total and consistent disregard " for youths sexually abused by Sandusky . Also last month , the NCAA fined Penn State $ 60 million , banned the football program from bowl games for four years , stripped scholarships and took away the team 's wins from 1998 to 2011 . Former senator to be integrity monitor for Penn State athletics Jordana Ossad contributed to this report .	The conference will be held on October 29 and 30 "  We have taken ... steps to ensure ... safer " communities , school president says Sugar Ray Leonard and Elizabeth Smart are scheduled to speak
CNN  -- Terry Thompson , the Ohio man who authorities say set his exotic animals free just before killing himself , once supplied a lion cub for a photo shoot with supermodel Heidi Klum . "  I wrote a letter to Heidi Klum 's people , " said Larry Hostetler , the executive director of the Animal Shelter Society of Muskingum County . "  I strongly voiced my opinion that if they 're going to hire animals for entertainment , they might want to check handlers ' backgrounds -- that Terry Thompson had been convicted of animal cruelty . "  Of course , I never heard anything back . " Thompson and his wild animal farm had long been on authorities ' radar . Thompson had been kicked out of the local pet fair for bringing exotic animals that snarled at children . He had been convicted in November 2005 of animal cruelty , allowing an animal to roam freely and rendering animal waste without a license . He had even threatened to let all his animals go when investigators visited after repeated calls of animal abuse or neglect . But while investigators kept a close eye on him , Thompson professed his love for his animals to most anyone . He would often be seen driving down the road with a wild animal . "  My cats are happier than most people , " Thompson once told the Zanesville Times-Recorder . "  I feed them every day , and they have a great place to live . How many people can say they have all they can eat and do n't have to worry about a place to live ? " In a 2008 video in New York , Thompson is seen smiling , holding a cub and handing it over to model Klum . "  We heard about Terry Thompson from all of his work in movies and commercials and felt he had a great track record . The day of our shoot , he was very kind , loving and protective towards his animals , " said Christoph KÃ ¶ rfer , the head of the German TV-station ProSieben in charge of the shoot . "  This is definitely a tragic situation . " Yet on Tuesday , a strained marriage collided with the stress and the expense of caring for so many animals , people close to the investigation told CNN . "  He was so depressed he said , ` That 's it . I 'm going to let them go , ' " said Columbus Zoo director emeritus Jack Hanna , who helped authorities in the search for the wild animals . The 62-year-old Thompson had been released from prison in recent weeks after serving a year behind bars on an illegal firearms conviction . Authorities say Thompson unlocked his animal cages , opened the farm 's gates and shot himself to death . Thompson freed dozens of exotic animals -- from Bengal tigers to grizzly bears to baboons -- setting off a frightening scenario outside Zanesville , a town of 25,000 in central Ohio . Authorities killed at least 49 animals , including 18 rare tigers . "  What happened here was one of the largest animal escapes in our country 's history , " said Hanna . Sheriff Matt Lutz defended his officers , saying they had no choice but to kill the roaming animals . "  I had deputies that had to shoot animals with sidearms at close range . That 's how volatile this situation was . " Thompson was known as a flamboyant , volatile man . The sheriff 's department had been to the property on dozens of occasions over the last decade to check into reports of animal cruelty or animals on the loose . Thompson would stare down those who entered his property with his steely blue eyes . He 'd cuss and scream . "  I 'll be damned , " Thompson would shout , according to county Humane Officer David Durst . "  I 'll let them animals go ! " "  He was definitely a different breed , " said Durst , who investigates every case of animal cruelty in the county . "  We were just afraid that this was going to happen . It was n't a matter of if it was going to happen , it was a matter of when . " Durst said Thompson would often buy his exotic animals from people in other states and offer to host them on his property for vacation . "  They 'd visit and see the situation and they 'd freak out and they 'd call me , " he said . "  They 'd say , ' I was horrified . ' " In the last year , even while Thompson was imprisoned on the weapons charges , Durst said he got at least one call a month about animals roaming loose . Every time he visited Thompson 's farm , Durst was escorted by at least three sheriff 's deputies because he feared for his safety . He said local authorities had alerted the U.S. Department of Agriculture , state representatives and other power players about their fears concerning Thompson and his wild animals . "  And now we 're dealing with this . " Hostetler with the Animal Shelter Society said Thompson was an animal collector who had a horrible reputation for the treatment of his animals . Opinion : Wild animals should be left in the wild "  It 's been a nightmare out there for a decade , " Hostetler said . "  I never thought he 'd do something like he 's done . But I knew eventually something bad would happen out there . " Hostetler said Thompson would bring his wild animals to the shelter 's annual pet fair , where people bring their dogs and cats . Thompson showed up once with bear cubs , once with tiger cubs and another time with a baby ape . Children would rush toward the exotic animals . "  The animals were growling and snarling back at the children , " Hostetler said . Every year , officials would ask Thompson to leave the fair . He 'd argue it was his right to bring his animals . It got so testy that officials eventually changed the rules just to keep Thompson and his animals away . Now , only domestic house pets are welcome . Durst and Hostetler said officials had tried to get state and federal authorities to take control of the animals while Thompson was imprisoned in the last year . "  We were trying and trying to get help , " Durst said . "  Hopefully a tragedy like this will get the ball rolling with the state of Ohio and the ownership of exotic animals . "  The laws are so weak in Ohio , it 's ridiculous . You can have one permit and pretty much have all the exotic animals you want . " Added Hostetler : "  For me the sad part of this is that the court system could 've removed those animals , and it 's really sad it reached this point . " The Humane Society of the United States urged Ohio officials Wednesday to issue an emergency rule to crack down on exotic animal ownership . A previous emergency order issued by then-Gov . Ted Strickland that prohibited people convicted of animal cruelty from owning exotic animals expired in April . The Humane Society said Thompson "  would almost certainly have had his animals removed by May 1 , 2011 , if the emergency order had not expired . " When he was first sentenced to animal cruelty charges in 2005 , Thompson told the judge : "  I 've learned a lot from this case , and I do love my animals . " Investigators have learned a lot from Thompson too , and must now contemplate what could have been done to stop Tuesday 's tragedy . CNN 's Ann O'Neill contributed to this report .	Terry Thompson had been convicted of animal cruelty charges in 2005 He 'd told authorities he would set his animals free if he could no longer care for them When investigators visited his property , he would cuss and stare them down He got kicked out of annual fair because his animals snarled at children
CNN  -- The French Open is the second grand slam of the tennis season , and it is widely regarded as the most grueling to win -- two weeks of often epic , grinding matches on the energy-sapping red clay of Roland Garros . CNN 's Open Court talked to the five past women 's champions to get their insights into what it takes to be a winner in Paris . Click on the above video to start the story , and then hear from defending champion Maria Sharapova , Li Na , Francesca Schiavone , Svetlana Kuznetsova and Ana Ivanovic by clicking on the panel strips to the side .	Maria Sharapova is the defending women 's champion at this year 's French Open There have been five different female winners in Paris in the past five years Click on the panel strips in the interactive to discover their stories
CNN  -- Bode Miller fulfilled his Olympic dream at last with a gold medal in the men 's super-combined at Whistler Creekside on Sunday . The flamboyant U.S star has been in superb form at the Vancouver Winter Games and his victory completes a full set of medals , after he claimed silver in the super-G and bronze in the downhill . Miller , seventh after the downhill section , relegated pre-race favorite Ivica Kostelic of Croatia to the silver medal position after producing a superb slalom run . Silvan Zurbriggen of Switzerland claimed the bronze medal ahead of teammate Carlo Janka , with reigning Olympic champion Ted Ligety of the United States back in fifth . Super-G gold medalist Norway 's Aksel Lund Svindal , quickest on the downhill , slid out near the finish to spark scenes of wild celebration as Miller realized the gold was his after drawing blank in the 2006 Winter Games in Turin . SI.com : Gold medal proves Bode has finally come full circle Miller , who snubbed the official U.S. ski team in 2007 and appeared on the brink of retirement , returned to the fold last year and prepared carefully for the Games . He added to his two silvers from Salt Lake City in his first two events and finally made his breakthrough with another virtuoso display . "  When I passed the line I did my normal thing and stood for a second and I was like , ` that was unbelievable , I ca n't ask for anything more ' , " Miller told reporters . "  For my first Olympic gold , it was absolutely perfect . " Miller 's combined time of 2:44.92 left him 0.33 seconds faster than Kostelic , who won silver in the discipline in Turin behind Ligety , who left himself with too much to do after a lackluster downhill display . SKI CROSS The first ever gold in the new Winter Olympic sport of ski cross went to Switzerland 's Michael Schmid with Austria 's Andreas Matt taking the silver and Audun Groenvold in the bronze medal position . Canada 's Christopher Del Bosco was the fourth member of the final but saw his medal hopes disappear when he crashed near the end of the final at Cypress Mountain . BIATHLON Russia 's Evgeny Ustyugov took the first gold of the tenth day with a comfortable victory in the men 's 15km mass start biathlon . His flawless shooting display saw him cross the line ahead of France 's Martin Fourcade and Slovakian Pavol Hurajt . Norway 's Ole Einar Bjoerndalen failed in his bid for a sixth Olympic gold as poor shooting saw him finish 27th . The women 's 12.5 km mass start event led to a second gold of the Games for Germany 's Magdalena Neuner , who also took a silver in the sprint . SPEEDSKATING Ireen Wust of the Netherlands claimed the women 's 1500m crown at the Richmond Oval as she got the better of home hope Christine Nesbitt in the final heat . Nesbitt blew up on the final lap and failed in her bid for a second gold at the Games , finishing sixth but fellow Canadian Kristina Groves did take silver ahead of Czech Martina Sablikova .	Bode Miller claims his first Olympic gold medal by winning super-combined in Vancouver Miller produces a superb slalom run to edge out Ivica Kostelic of Croatia by 0.33 seconds Miller has already won silver and bronze in earlier events at the Winter Games Swiss Michael Schmid wins first Olympic gold in new discipline of ski cross
CNN  -- A surprise appearance by WikiLeaks.org founder Julian Assange at the TED Global conference in Oxford , England , has cast new light on the activities of the site and its mysterious leader . Assange 's site , which released video of a U.S. air strike in Iraq that killed a dozen civilians , claims to have revealed more classified intelligence documents than the rest of the world 's media combined . Explaining during his appearance Friday why WikiLeaks has been keeping a lower profile since releasing the video , Assange said it was working on raising funds and strengthening its technical infrastructure to handle more traffic while accumulating "  an enormous quantity of whistle-blower disclosures . " He later told reporters that "  there are many things which are very explosive . " Assange , 39 , said the site operates from several countries , including Sweden and Belgium , where laws provide more protection for its disclosures . He said he canceled plans to travel to the United States for three public appearances , citing what he described as indications that U.S. officials might not follow the "  rule of law " in dealing with him . He also mentioned advice from investigative journalist Seymour Hersh to be cautious . He said U.S. officials have since adopted a more "  reasonable " stance . TED Global is an annual conference hosted by the nonprofit organization TED , named after the three subjects it first began discussing in the 1980s : technology , entertainment and design . It has expanded its scope in the years since and its website now hosts more than 700 talks on a wide range of topics . Learn more about speakers at the TED Global conference In an onstage discussion with TED curator Chris Anderson , Assange was asked whether is was true he had attended 37 schools as a child . He explained it was a consequence of two things : his parents were in the movie business and were later "  on the run from a cult . " Assange said he became a "  journalist activist " in his teenage years and was prosecuted for it . According to political magazine Mother Jones : "  As a teenager in Melbourne , he belonged to a hacker collective called the International Subversives . He eventually pled guilty to 24 counts of breaking into Australian government and commercial websites to test their security gaps , but was released on bond for good behavior . " Asked about his core values , Assange said , "  Capable , generous men do not create victims , they nurture victims , " attributing the thought to his father and others . "  I 'm a combative person , so I 'm not actually so big on the nurture , but there is another way of nurturing victims , which is to police perpetrators of crimes . And so that is something that has been in my character for a long time . " Read more about Assange and his site Assange said the organization gets material from whistle-blowers in a variety of ways -- including postal mail . He said WikiLeaks vets it , releases it to the public and then defends itself against "  political or legal attack . " He said the organization rarely knows the identity of the source of the leak . "  If we find out at some stage , we destroy that information as soon as possible , " he said . Pfc. Bradley E. Manning , 22 , of Potomac , Maryland , has been charged with eight violations of the U.S. Criminal Code for allegedly illegally transferring classified data , including the video that wound up on WikiLeaks . He has been accused of "  wrongfully introducing a classified video of a military operation filmed at or near Baghdad , Iraq " around July 12 , 2007 , "  onto his personal computer , a nonsecure information system . " Watch the video of the airstrike Assange said at a news conference after his appearance Friday that Manning "  is a political prisoner being held in the nation of Kuwait , effectively keeping him away from the press and effective legal representation . " He said WikiLeaks is providing legal assistance to Manning without saying whether he was the source of the video . "  Obviously , we can not pick and choose , " said Assange , adding the site has to defend everyone who faces serious charges as a result of material posted on WikiLeaks . The video shows aerial footage of an attack by a U.S. Apache helicopter that killed civilians , including two journalists from the Reuters news service . WikiLeaks posted it in April . The site said the video "  clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . " Asked to respond to Assange 's assertion that Manning is a political prisoner , Pentagon spokesman Col. David Lapan told CNN last week that Manning is "  accused of committing serious offenses . He has been charged under the Uniform Code of Military Justice and will be processed by normal procedures through the military justice system . " U.S. military authorities have warned that the publication of classified documents on WikiLeaks could aid in the planning of terrorist attacks and harm national security . Assange denied reports that WikiLeaks had received hundreds of thousands of classified U.S. cables in addition to the Iraq video . He said the site would have released the cables if it had received them . Some information , such as private medical records , should be kept secret , Assange said , but he did not extend that view to classified documents . The fact that governments spend money to keep such information secret , Assange said , is a good indication that releasing the information can achieve reform . Anderson asked the audience for a show of hands as to whether he was a hero or a dangerous troublemaker . The vast majority signaled that they viewed him as a hero . CNN 's Mike Mount and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report .	WikiLeaks.org founder Julian Assange makes rare public appearance He says the site has been overwhelmed by disclosures from whistle-blowers Assange said site has disclosed more classified documents than rest of world 's media combined He said WikiLeaks will defend Army private accused of leaks but site wo n't name source
CNN  It 's the simplest possible assignment , but it always teaches a huge lesson . Every year , Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz passes out Post-it notes to her third grade students and asks them to complete the sentence , "  I wish my teacher knew ... " Many of the students she teaches at Doull Elementary just wish they had something in common with her , that she knew soccer or video games . But sometimes , their wishes bring tears to her eyes , and offer a glimpse of painful struggles in their young lives . There 's a student who misses her father : "  I have n't seen him in six years . " Another who wants to tell her she 's lonely : "  I do n't have friend to play with me . " Still another who wants to explain why her reading log goes unsigned : "  My mom is not around a lot . " And other who has big hopes for the future : "  I want to go to college . " The assignment sprang from the kinds of conversations teachers have all the time , Schwartz said : "  What do our students need ? How can we best serve them ? " Schwartz always gives her students the option to write their names on their notes or remain anonymous ; of sharing them only with her , or with the entire class . It surprises her how often students stand up and want to read their wishes out loud , like the shy student who shared , "  I wish my teacher knew I 'm nervous all the time . " "  They feel respected , they feel safe enough to share some of these more sensitive ones , " said Schwartz , who has been teaching for three years . "  Kids can share what they feel comfortable with . " Recently , Schwartz began to post some students ' responses on Twitter using the hashtag #IWishMyTeacherKnew . It spread , as teachers around the country tried it with their own classrooms . They sometimes reveal what kids are most worried about right now , like the child whose mother was sick , or another who had just experienced bullying . One student just wants more attention from the teacher . Sometimes , they have a little fun : "  I wish my teacher knew how to do a backflip . " Occasionally , students want to reassure their teachers that that they 're doing a great job . There 's a lot for teachers to learn , too : "  They are KIDS who deal with a lot as they grow up , " one educator posted on Twitter . Schwartz said she 's learned not to assume what her students wish . Although most of the students at her school live in poverty , not every message is about a material need . There 's no pressure to share something they 're not ready to talk about , she said , and "  they 're acutely aware of their own needs . " Through assignments like this , she is , too . As her idea spread , many Twitter users asked how they can help to support her students . She 's pointed them toward a DonorsChoose.org fund where she posts a classroom project wish list . So far , most have been fulfilled .	Denver teacher Kyle Schwartz asked students to share what they wish she knew Their honest answers moved Schwartz and sparked a discussion online
CNN  -- A Mississippi woman whose death sentence was overturned has been moved from state prison to county jail , where she will await a new trial , authorities say . Michelle Byrom was moved to Tishomingo County Jail on Saturday . The Mississippi Supreme Court reversed her capital murder conviction on March 31 and ordered a new trial . Byrom was sentenced to death in 2000 after a jury determined she was the mastermind of a murder-for-hire plot to kill her allegedly abusive husband . Her son wrote in jailhouse letters that he committed the crime , and according to court documents , told a court-appointed psychologist that he was culprit . According to Tishomingo County Sheriff Glenn Whitlock , Byrom was picked up by sheriff officials Saturday morning and is being held under the original capital murder indictment until the county district attorney or court system takes the next steps . Whitlock told CNN that Byrom is n't receiving any special treatment , and she is currently alone in her cell , but could have cellmates at any time . Byrom 's new trial date has not been set yet , according to the Tishomingo County Circuit clerk . The attorney who represented Byrom during the effort to have her conviction reversed no longer represents the 57-year-old . Efforts to reach her new counsel were not immediately successful . Death penalty facts that may surprise you Triple murder suspect goes from guilty to innocent and back to guilty California 's death penalty ruled unconstitutional	Michelle Byrom was moved to county jail over weekend to await new trial Byrom spent about 14 years on death row for husband 's contract killing Court documents allege her son has admitted to the killing more than once She 's currently alone in cell and not receiving special treatment , sheriff says
CNN  -- The Florida judge presiding over George Zimmerman 's murder trial ruled Monday that jurors will be allowed to hear about marijuana found in Trayvon Martin 's system the night he was fatally shot . Prosecutors argued the amount was so minimal that "  we just do n't know " what effect it had on Martin . They also accused the defense of trying to "  backdoor some very negative character evidence " into the trial . But the defense said the amount found in Martin 's system would have affected his judgment that night and is therefore relevant to the case . Judge Debra Nelson ruled she would allow the testimony about Martin 's toxicology results in front of the jury and told the prosecutors they would be able to cross-examine the defense 's witness and present rebuttal witnesses of their own . Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Martin in Sanford , Florida , on February 26 , 2012 . Zimmerman told police he was pursuing the teenager because there had been a rash of crime in the area . A confrontation ensued , and Zimmerman said he was forced to kill Martin . Protests were held around the country , calling for Zimmerman 's arrest in Martin 's death . Zimmerman was eventually charged with second-degree murder in April 2012 . The case has reinvigorated national conversations about race , racial profiling and self-defense laws . Trayvon Martin 's father , Tracy , took the stand on Monday to describe what he heard in the background of a 911 call made by one of Zimmerman 's neighbor . "  Basically what I was listening to , I was listening to my son 's last cry for help . I was listening to his life being taken and I was trying to come to grips with that -- that Trayvon was here no more . It was just tough , " said Martin . Earlier in the day , the defense called the former lead investigator from the Sanford Police Department , Chris Serino , who said Martin told him "  no , " under his breath , when asked if the voice belonged to his son . Another investigator , Doris Singleton , also said there was no doubt Martin told them it was n't his son screaming for help on that 911 call . "  He was very upset , he was very sad , he hung his head , he cried , " said Singleton . "  I was choked up myself . I had to stand back . I could feel how he must feel because I have children . I was choked up by it -- I felt horrible for him . " But Martin testified that he never said it was n't his son . He said that he pushed his chair away from the desk where he was listening to the call and told investigators he "  could n't tell . " The man who trained George Zimmerman how to fight also testified on Monday that the former neighborhood watch captain did n't know how to throw a punch after training for almost a year . "  He was -- and I do n't really like to use this terminology -- soft , just physically soft . He was an overweight , large man -- and a very pleasant , nice man -- but physically soft , " said Adam Pollack . Zimmerman started taking grappling classes where Pollack said trainers teach choke holds , arm locks and leg locks to students -- "  Basically make the person say , ` Uncle , ' " according to Pollack . After his school schedule changed , Zimmerman moved on to boxing training , where he did n't advance beyond learning how to jab , according to Pollack . When asked what level Zimmerman was at right before the shooting , Pollack said , "  He 's still learning how to punch . He did n't really know how to effectively punch . " "  Did he ever get to the point where he could box somebody else ? " asked defense attorney Mark O'Mara . "  Absolutely not , " said Pollack . At one point during his testimony , Pollack stepped down from the witness stand to mount defense attorney O'Mara , who lay on the ground . O'Mara wanted Pollack to show what the technique "  ground and pound " looks like . A witness who saw the fight between Zimmerman and Martin testified earlier in the trial that it looked like a "  ground and pound " and that Zimmerman was on the bottom . Pollack showed how the person on top usually has the advantage in this position , which is associated with mixed martial arts fighting . Pollack demonstrated how his knees would be placed above the person 's waist and explained how gravity helps the person on top punch the person on the bottom . In a continued effort to show Zimmerman was not the aggressor in the altercation , the defense also called a slew of his friends on Monday to identify the voice heard screaming in the background of the 911 call made by a neighbor . John Donnelly , a former Vietnam War combat medic , grew emotional on the stand in the George Zimmerman trial Monday as he explained why he thought the screams for help heard on a 911 call made the night Trayvon Martin died were made by his friend , Zimmerman . Donnelly was just one of a group of defense witnesses who testified on the trial 's 10th day about the controversial 911 call , which has become a key point of contention in the case . Choking back tears , Donnelly explained that the reason he could identify the screams is because of his experience with the fog of war . During combat , Donnelly had to recognize the screams of his fellow soldiers and run to them when they needed help . He said he has heard a 250-pound man scream like a little girl . "  In the midst of combat , there are a lot people yelling and screaming , " said Donnelly . "  Sometimes they are screaming for help . " Donnelly told the court that he views Zimmerman as a "  son , " but his close relationship with Zimmerman would not affect his testimony . Donnelly donated almost $ 3,000 to Zimmerman 's defense fund and spent $ 1,700 on suits for Zimmerman to wear during the trial . Donnelly 's testimony Monday was preceded by that of four of Zimmerman 's other friends , who all said that they also recognized the screams on the 911 call as Zimmerman 's voice . During cross-examination , prosecutors focused on potential bias -- due to their close relationships with the defendant -- on the part of the witnesses . The defense team told Nelson that it expects to introduce Martin 's toxicology reports sometime on Tuesday . Testimony is expected to resume at 9 a.m. ET .	NEW : Judge allows presentation of Trayvon Martin 's toxicology test that shows THC was in his system NEW : Martin 's father , Tracy , testifies about hearing 911 call , says he could n't tell who it was screaming Several defense witnesses testify it was George Zimmerman calling for help Zimmerman is charged with second-degree murder for killing 17-year-old Martin
BERLIN , Germany  CNN  -- A top aide to the Rwandan president is in German custody for her alleged role in a 1994 assassination that sparked the Rwandan genocide , the German Foreign Ministry said Monday . Rose Kabuye is suspected of participating in downing of a plane carrying President Juvenal Habyarimana . Rose Kabuye was arrested Saturday at the Frankfurt airport while on a private visit , the ministry said . She is awaiting extradition to France , it said . Rwanda 's government issued a statement saying Kabuye is innocent of the charges , and that she is ready to face trial in France . "  The government of Rwanda believes that this is a political game designed to blur the truth and weaken the government , " the statement said . She is one of nine aides to Rwandan President Paul Kagame that Europe is seeking to arrest on charges of plotting the assassination of the then-Rwandan President Juvenal Habyarimana in April 1994 . A French judge ruled in 2006 that legal proceedings could proceed against Kagame and his nine aides , which prompted Rwanda to break its diplomatic ties with France . Habyarimana and Burundi 's former leader Cyprien Ntaryamira were killed when their plane was shot down in April 1994 , a move that fueled the genocide in Rwanda by Hutu extremists against mostly Tutsis . About 800,000 people were killed .	Aide to Rwandan president held over assassination that sparked genocide Rose Kabuye arrested Saturday at Frankfurt airport while on private visit Leaders of Rwanda , Burundi killed when plane was shot down in 1994
CNN  -- Bahrain defended its decision Wednesday to impose a ban on all public protests , following calls from rights group Amnesty International to lift it immediately as a breach of people 's right to free speech . Bahrain 's Information Affairs Authority said in a statement that the ban was needed because "  increasing violence has resulted in death and serious injury to many . " Most recently , two police officers died as a result of attacks with petrol bombs and a homemade bomb , the IAA said . Since the start of the year , there have on average been two or more licensed protests a week , the authority said , many of which expressed views critical of the government . "  However , all too often these demonstrations devolved into violence and lawlessness as demonstrators dispersed and youths armed with petrol bombs and other weapons took their place , launching assaults on public security officers and civilians , " the statement said . From May to July , there were 91 injuries requiring treatment to members of the police force , averaging about one a day , it added . "  The reality is that one would be hard pressed to find a protest that both begins and ends peacefully , " IAA spokesman Fahad Albinali said . "  The fact of the matter is that there has been an escalation of violence by some elements of the opposition and those who regularly engage in riotous activity . " Opinion : Do n't forget about Bahrain Violent clashes have broken out between security forces and opposition protesters on numerous occasions since protests began in the Persian Gulf kingdom in February 2011 , spurred by uprisings in Tunisia and Egypt . But Amnesty International warned that a ban on all public gatherings was unwarranted and amounted to a drastic crackdown on people 's freedoms . Read more : Bahraini police , protesters clash after funeral "  Even in the event of sporadic or isolated violence once an assembly is under way , the authorities can not simply declare a blanket prohibition on all protests , " said Hassiba Hadj Sahraoui , deputy director for Amnesty 's Middle East and North Africa program "  Such a sweeping measure amounts to nothing less than nullifying the rights to freedom of association , expression and assembly . Law enforcement officials must act to protect peaceful protesters rather than using the violent acts of a few as a pretext to restrict or impede the rights of all . " The Interior Ministry 's announcement of the ban Tuesday pointed the finger at opposition political groups , headed by Al Wefaq , as being behind ongoing protests . The ministry said the protests were a continuation of those held in February and March of last year that it said called for the overthrow of leading figures and the state . Read more : Bahraini wins human rights seat amid protests The government had sought to protect freedom of expression , but "  that privilege has been abused repeatedly by organizers ' violations " and people 's lack of respect for the law , Interior Minister Shaikh Rashid bin Abdullah Al Khalifa is quoted as saying Tuesday by the state-run Bahrain News Agency . The rallies have been associated with "  violence , rioting and attacks on public and private property , " and are a threat to public safety and commerce , according to the news agency . The Interior Ministry is now looking for sites around the country to be used for staging protests "  to preserve the right of political expression while minimizing the risk of injury or disruption to society at large , " the Information Affairs Authority said . The demonstrations staged in Bahrain early last year failed to gain the traction of other Arab Spring uprisings after a crackdown by authorities in the island state . The crackdown was backed by troops from nearby Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates . Last November , Bahrain 's Independent Commission of Inquiry issued a report critical of authorities ' reactions to the protests . The independent commission , set up by the king , concluded that police had used excessive force and torture in their response to the protests in the Sunni-ruled , Shiite-majority country . It recommended reforms to the country 's law and better training of its security forces , as well as other measures . Bahrain plays a key strategic role in the Middle East and is home to the U.S. Navy 's Fifth Fleet headquarters . Read more : Bahrain arrests 6 anti-government protesters CNN 's Saad Abedine and Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .	NEW : The ban is needed because of increasing violence at rallies , Bahraini officials say Amnesty International calls for the ban on public protests to be lifted immediately Amnesty says the ban is a violation of people 's rights to free speech and assembly Officials should n't use "  violent acts of a few as a pretext " to restrict the rights of all , it says
The Dogecoin started off as a penniless Internet joke . But Matt Thompson plans on selling his vacation home for this meme-inspired currency . The 27-year-old entrepreneur has been selling games and gadgets over the Internet for years , but nothing as big as his Wisconsin vacation home , which he is offering for 100 million Dogecoins . Dogecoin  pronounced DOHJ-coin  is n't something tangible like the dollar bills in your wallet . It 's an open source file-sharing form of cryptocurrency that was created by programmer Billy Markus in December 2013 . The newbie cryptocurrency started off as a parody of Bitcoin , using the image of a perplexed Japanese dog . Chances are , you 've probably seen Dogecoin 's mascot somewhere on the Internet already . As the Shiba Inu would say : Wow , much coin-cidence . But this satirical currency is n't just a punchline anymore . Through trading and transactions between users , the currency went from being worth nothing to being valued at more than $ 65 million , and it has a uniquely supportive community of users from the site Reddit . Thompson , a user of Bitcoins since 2011 , started buying and selling Dogecoins two days after they were made available online . But the early adopter did n't think of selling his vacation home for cryptocurrency until his property got no offers after several months on the market . His three-bedroom , two-bath home is one of 2,300 properties on sale in Sawyer County , in the state 's northern woods . To attract potential buyers , he decided to accept Dogecoins as a payment form . He sees potential in it . "  I do n't mind holding on to  Dogecoins  for a multitude of reasons , including that I believe I can use them to further my business , " he explained . Thompson , who lives in Minnesota , primarily sells video and electronic game accessories online . He 's been able to buy and sell inventory from places such as China by using the digital currency . "  It 's safe and easy with minimal fees , " he said . "  To date , I 've found it to be very good for supplementing payment methods . " Timothy Lee , who has written about cryptocurrency for The Washington Post , says Dogecoin can be a feasible alternative to Bitcoin , but it is important to put it into context . Bitcoin is the most popularly traded cryptocurrency and has the largest community of users in the digital currency realm . Dogecoin is one of the top 10 cryptocurrencies , but it has a far smaller following . Ben Doernberg of the Dogecoin Foundation -- yes , the founders even established a nonprofit organization -- says what makes it special compared with its competitors is its community . "  It was important to the founders that the currency would be friendly and accepting . Most of these Bitcoin competitors are created to make a lot of money , but it 's hard to generate a healthy supportive community , " he said . Doernberg estimates that more than 100,000 people use Dogecoin actively . That does make for a limited pool of users who can fork up Thompson 's 100 million Dogecoin price tag , which translates to roughly $ 135,000 . The value of a Dogecoin is about one-tenth of a penny , whereas a Bitcoin is valued at a hefty $ 630 -- and at their peak Bitcoins were trading at $ 1,200 . Bitcoin prices plunge as technical problems persist Even though the value of Dogecoin is only a fraction of other cryptocurrenices , that does n't mean it 's easy to earn . There 's a process , says Dogecoin user Lionel Vogt , who first shared Thompson 's story with CNN iReport . The Georgia resident explained that people use graphic cards and their computers to help "  mine " Dogecoins .  In doge-ism speak , it 's called "  digging " for coins .  Mining is the process used to create digital currencies -- it 's where computers solve mathematical equations in exchange for Dogecoins . It 's similar to producing other popular cryptocurrencies such as Bitcoin , Litecoin and Peercoin . Dogecoin even has its own website , which has step-by-step instructions on how to get started using the currency . It also features a flashy introductory video of an animated Shiba Inu flying through a fictional city on a rocket ship . The Dogecoin community is doing more than just joking around and financing online shopping sprees . The currency is being used to raise money for events and people . Before the Sochi Winter Olympics kicked off , Dogecoin fundraisers helped send the Jamaican bobsled team and an Indian luge contender to Russia to compete in the Games . The Dogecoin Foundation and Reddit 's r/Dogecoin community were able to raise more than $ 30,000 for the two causes . Bitcoin regulations coming this year Despite the Dogecoin community 's generosity , Thompson says the cryptocurrency has its critics . "  So many people , especially people involved with Bitcoin , tend to believe it 's a copycat . I really do n't think you can be so shortsighted . I believe the value of an economic system is the sum of all of its parts . So , there is room for all sorts of coins , " he said . Markus , the creator of Dogecoin , explains that the currency is not meant to be a rival to Bitcoin . Both use the same technology . "  Dogecoin would n't be where it is without Bitcoin leading the way , " said the Portland , Oregon , resident . "  Bitcoin is the trailblazer and Dogecoin is a friendly spin that helps introduce the world of cryptocurrency . " Dogecoin 's longevity is also dependent on network effect , Lee explains . "  Dogecoin is sort of this self-fulfilling prophecy , " he said . "  The more people who accept it , the more value it has . Bitcoin has a head start on that , " he said . Bitcoin has been around for five years whereas Dogecoin has been in circulation for three months . With the cryptocurrency still in its infancy and only a fraction of the value of its popular counterparts , it begs the question : Has Thompson received any offers for his six-acre vacation home ? Not yet , he says . But he 's definitely made an impression with the Dogecoin community . "  I 've been asked a lot of questions about this house , and I think it 's a good effect . It gets more people talking , " he said . Dogecoin Foundation 's Doernberg says all the chatter is a good thing for the digital currency . "  The U.S. dollar is only valuable because people are willing to accept it . In currency , that is the most important thing , " he said . "  Dogecoin 's priorities are ` let 's get everyone to the moon , ' " Doernberg said . "  Cryptocurrency is really powerful and instead of locking it up for a few people , let 's get everyone in the world on it . "	After failing to get any offers , a man says he 'll take Dogecoins for his vacation home Dogecoin is an alternative digital coin to the popularly traded cryptocurrency Bitcoin Although it started off as a parody to Bitcoin , Dogecoin is now worth more than $ 65 million
